hi guys and welcome back today I'm
cooking you through how to do at this
booth glam makeup look don't forget to
subscribe and click the bell to turn on
notifications let's get started
I really want my skin to look dewy and
fresh today so to point my skin I see
some NYX
hide her touch primer just gonna apply
that all over my skin for my foundation
today I'm using the Loreal nude magic
patrician foundation and this is in the
shade of one I really liked fishing
foundations I feel like they don't get
enough love just tap the foundation onto
your skin and that applies it and blends
out in one major and I love it to
conceal any of the redness and
pigmentation that may still be showing
through and using the crowling derma
color camouflage cream using a crown at
c-56 brush I'm just going to buff out
that concealer for my brows today I'm
using the NYX brow gel in the shade
brunette because I freaking love this
for my eyeshadow today I'm using the
makeup geek money anyway palette and the
start I'm going to take cliches beaches
and cream and just apply that all over
my lid next I'm taking the shade Sora
and I'm just going to apply that into
the crease as a transition color
using the shades Mars which is a
beautiful marine shade I'm going to
apply that into the deepest part of my
crease and then just lengthen that out
to use in my silly 32:8 brush to deepen
up the inner and outer corners of my
eyes I'm taking the shade Aphrodite
and finally I'm taking the shade
insomnia and I'm just gonna press that
into the center of my lid
so I have a little bit of fallout from
that insomnia chase so I'm just gonna
take a clean foundation brush and just
clean that area up and I'm just gonna
pop on a little bit extra of the need
magic cushion foundations just in case
we took any of this off with that brush
to contour today I'm using the
collection precision contouring stick
and this is in the shade dark like that
into the hollows of my cheeks
the top of my forehead down the sides of
my nose and also under my chin to blend
out my contour today I'm using the look
good still better foundation brush and
profits from this do go to help
teenagers living with cancer so it is
such a great to make a fresh to have
to highlight my skin and conceal my
under eye area today I'm using the
hourglass vanish finish foundation stick
and I'm just going to apply that onto my
chin at the center of my forehead and
also under my eyes and using that same
look good feel better brush I'm going to
blend that out
to set my under eye area I'm using the
pixie color correcting powder foundation
and this is in the shade number one
cream I'm also going to apply this onto
the center of my chin and my t-zone now
that my base is set I'm gonna move back
to finish in the under eye area taking
the shade Mars I'm just gonna run that
all along the lower lash lines don't
take in the shade Aphrodite and applying
that lower inner and outer corner at the
lash line and finally insomnia and
pressing that into the center of the
lower lash line for mascara today I'm
using the Loreal mega volume mister
hippie mascara and I'm going to apply
that to both the upper and lower lashes
for lashes today I'm using the pieces
so blush today I'm using a soap & Glory
make you blush in the shade rosy cheek
to highlight my skin and add some glow
and using the sleek highlighting palette
and this is the Cleopatra's kiss palette
I'm taking this shade here and I'm just
gonna go ahead and apply that all over
my skin
we're gonna add that onto the tip of my
nose and my chin I freakin love that
that is so good I feel like I should
have stopped like ten minutes ago but
keep going finally to bring the whole
look together I'm using the NYX lip
lingerie matte liquid lipstick and this
is in the shade push-up
and here is the finished look thank you
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this look another usually go for
like a greeny kind of eyeshadows but I'm
definitely feeling this one and that
insomnia shade if it's so beautiful on
the I love this palette I have so much
both until I get that on my turn how do
I get up don't why I can't have nice
things
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe click the bell to
turn on notifications and I'll see you
guys soon bye
