hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
glowing coral makeup look today's look
is all about the drugstore coral lip
that uber glowing skin and a really fat
wing don't forget hit the subscribe
button and click the bell to turn on
notifications and let's get started to
prime my skin today I'm using the NYX
born to glow illuminating primer for my
foundation today I'm going full coverage
and I'm using the Marc Jacobs remarkable
foundation I have recently developed
like a new firms obsession for this
foundation and I like to wear the shades
ivory and ivory light together because I
am in between those two shades this
foundation brush doesn't actually feel
too bad I'm actually quite impressed
with that it's definitely on par with
any of the other foundation brushes
really that I have in my collection so
for four pounds bargain now that my
foundation is applied I'm going to move
on to my brows and today I'm using the
NYX brunette brow gel
time to move on to the eyeshadow now I
want to keep it really simple today so
I'm going for the natural collection
knock chocolate single eyeshadow you can
use any warm Brown that you have to do
this and a for the lips i'm using the
morphe 12s shimmer palette and i'm going
to take this shade here and just apply
that all over the lid for my eyeliner
today I'm using the clinic pretty easy
liner pen and this is one of my favorite
eyeliners I literally struggle to do my
eyeliner without this pen because it has
a bristle tip the bristles kind of move
with the motions of applying your liner
if you find that you struggle to do your
eyeliner and definitely check this pen
out basically today I lost the ability
to do I'd like her so I had to take this
eye off redo it and it still looks like
crap so I'm just going to go with it
just going to say my eyeliner is uneven
today I'm aware of this it is breaking
my heart but I'm going to keep going
we're not going to cry about it I'm just
going to curl my lashes and apply some
mascara instead I'm using the Rimmel
scandaleyes reloaded mascara I am
totally digging this mascara at the
moment I really like it so I'm going to
just apply that whole lashes today I'm
wearing the house of lashes spellbound
lashes
to conceal my under eye area I'm using
the Bobbi Brown creamy concealer and
this is in the shade porcelain a flat
foundation brush I'm just going to blend
that out and the contour today I'm using
the Anasazi a cream contour kit in the
shade light and I'm going to take these
two shades here and just apply them onto
my skin
and using the same Primark foundation
brush I'm just going to blend it out
and then I'm gonna take in the darkest
shades and just add that into the
hollows of my cheeks
I set my base I'm using the Vichy
dermablend loose powder man this is one
of my favorite drugstore loose powder so
if you are on the lookout for a powder
it definitely gives this one ago
now that our base is set let's add some
color and I'm using the clinic melon pop
flush to highlight my skin today i'm
using the anastasia beverly hills cloak
it and this is the sweet hit this is the
sweet
this is that so hard to say since the
sweets go farther
difficult to say don't judge me is
slightly broken it did get dropped when
I was in LA it wasn't actually me that
dropped it but it is gonna take the
shade marshmallow and just run that
across the highest points of my cheeks
I'm also going to take that onto the tip
of my nose and look fruit and my Cupid's
bow I'm gonna put it in a tube actually
I wasn't sure if I wanted to add mascara
to my bottom lashes or not I'm just
going to do it because I feel like it
needs it even though I don't really want
it I don't know if that makes any sense
finally to bring the whole look together
I'm going to apply some lipstick today
I'm using the Maybelline vivid liquid
matte lipstick and this is in the shade
coral and this is the finished look my
glowing the coral makeup look thank you
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this look and also guys I have a
new film in separ
oh definitely felt like I needed a
change so I've gone a super colorful so
I can mix things up and change them a
lot more frequently because I kind of
wasn't feeling the last backdrop it just
didn't feel very me it's about boring
and I like to think that I'm not horrid
I hope that I'm not boring anyway I just
felt like the white was boring so I've
changed it we're going colors all around
here and things are gonna get a lot more
fun let me know your thoughts in the
comment section below like it don't like
it please be nice thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
turn notifications on and I'll see you
guys soon bye
