hi guys and welcome back one of the
questions I get asked all the time is
what are my favorite makeup brushes so I
thought I'd sit down today and talk to
you guys about a few of brush related
things over the past couple of years I
have definitely found that if you have
the right brushes honestly makeup is so
much easier a lot of the times if I
screw up my eyeshadow is because I'm
using the wrong brush and I know it's
very easy to place the blame on an
eyeshadow brush honestly sometimes it is
the brush all of the brushes that I'm
talking to you guys about today I will
leave linked in the description box down
below so if you do want to check them
out or get some more information then
you can definitely go ahead and do that
if I were to recommend a brush set I
would probably say the zoeva rose golden
luxury set volume 3/8 brushes and clutch
I actually use this back for
transporting makeup if I'm going on
holiday somewhere there are so many
amazing brushes in this set and brushes
that I use on nearly a daily basis the
first brush in the set is the zoeva luxe
base focus brush I like to use this
brush to set my powder so this is a
brand new one and this is one I've had
quite a few months now and I will just
use that for set my loose powder
underneath my eyes or I also use it
sometimes to apply my highlighter you
also get the 1 to 9 luxe fan brush and
this is a brush that I get asked about
almost every time I put it in a video
everyone's like oh my god what is that
brush it's this one you like to blend
out your concealer using your fingers
then you may like this brush which is
the 142 concealer buffer I use this one
probably on almost a daily basis to
blend out my concealer and also
sometimes to blend out my under eye
concealer too you also get three eye
brushes in the set you have the rose
golden luxe crease brush luxe smokey
shader brush the rose golden winged line
a brush which I like to use to do my
eyebrows sometimes we have the 109f a
spoon vegan brush because it's quite
narrow you can really get in to the
hollows of your cheeks to contour I
really like this brush I don't use it
enough actually so I think I will
actually start using it some more final
brush in the set is the 103 to find
buffer brush which I like to use to
apply my foundation blend out larger
areas of concealer or blend out your
contour if you were to just get one
brush set to start your collection but I
would definitely recommend this brush
and make these brushes a trip but
you definitely have enough brushes here
to do your whole face of makeup and I
think they look really cute as well I'm
going to say that's helpful I really
like this back after investing in a
brush set you might find that you need
to add a couple of other brushes to your
set maybe you're struggling with a
particular brush or maybe you just want
more that's kind of where this set of
brushes comes in and this is kind of
like the brushes that I've acquired over
the past few years but also brushes that
I would really struggle to live without
my favorite brush that I have for
blending eyeshadow is the cram brush see
four for one brush very similar to the
Mac - one seven brush which I think
retails around the 20-pound smart but
these are actually only like three or
four pounds I would definitely struggle
to do my eyeshadow without it then
they're literally amazing okay so the
next eyes shadow brush I feel like
everyone should have is the crown c-51 5
brush it really easy to use pencil brush
I like to use this for the under eye
area I feel like that's the best way of
smoking out your runs right super
affordable is crown brush up high - I
drop everything next brush on my list is
the crown see 5 to 8 brush and this is
the deluxe crease brush for applying
darker eyeshadows to the outer corner of
your eye or it's also good for smoking
out the under eye if you want like a
really messy grungy look for my brows
there are two brushes that I like to use
the first one is the crown c16 so taklon
angled liner brush and I really like to
use this brush for doing my brows if you
like to use a dip brow or up made or gel
liner or anything like that then you may
get on really well with this one and the
second brush that I love to use for
filling in my brows is the Urban Decay
pro I tore this is completely vegan it's
made out of recycled plastic bottles
which is pretty quickly and cool to be
honest that's pretty impressive and I
love to use the spoolie for brushing
through my brows it's super strong it
doesn't
like it's gonna break and it's very easy
to clean so I didn't actually realize
how much I love highlighting until I
looked in my brush cup and saw that
there were another for highlighting
brushes in this one is from crown brush
it's super soft and that way you can get
a really intense highlight across the
cheek bone using Makeup Forever one five
two way P brush really really great for
building up for highlight and just
softly blending it out for like a
natural look the Anastacio a23 highlight
brush this is one of my favorite brushes
it works incredibly well you get a
really beautiful coverage of highlighter
onto the tops of your cheek and it's
just so soft and so fluffy on the skin
one of my favorites I would say final
brush is there's a Weber one 3/4 luxe
powder fuse and brush which again you've
probably seen this one in quite a few
videos it's very soft and it gives you
more of a defined highlight rather than
a giant sweeping one I do have one
high-end brush in my must-haves brush
edit and that is the Giorgio Armani
blush brush it's a very large blush
brush that makes it easy to use and get
a really soft blended up shade across
your cheeks it is one of the most
luxurious brushes that I have but it
also has a very luxurious price point
it's 85 pounds for this brush it's
incredibly expensive I am aware of that
but if you are into luxury brushes maybe
you just want to blow a load of money on
a single brush buy this one I know a lot
of you are probably sat there and gone M
get real it's 85 quid on a single brush
I know that's expensive so I found you
kind of a dupe but for it which is the
crown c500 blush brush and this one is
only 20 pounds and you can just sweep
the color up onto the brush and onto the
cheeks like so it's nowhere near as soft
as your money brush and it doesn't glide
over your cheeks as well as the Armani
brush it does but if you would like to
have like a sweeping rosy glow look
across your cheeks then this one will do
the job
final brush on my lace
is the Urban Decay contour definition
brush and this is the f10 nine brush you
can get really deep into the holes of
your cheeks and it's also a really
lovely shape blending out your forehead
to 100% vegan it's made out of recycled
bottles and yeah love it the next item
on the list isn't actually a brush it is
in fact a sponge and this is the Real
Techniques miracle complexion sponge I
probably bought about 15 of these over
the past couple of years and I
absolutely love it I definitely prefer
this to the Beauty Blender although I do
love a good Beauty Blender as well
texture of the miracle complexion sponge
gives you more of the beautiful natural
look and I actually like these when
they're a little bit older because I
feel like they've become a little bit
more porous and more sponge like rather
than that kind of slick brand-new look
to them and you can definitely really
work and push that foundation in with
this and get a beautiful coverage if I
had to choose one way to apply my
foundation and only one way forever I
would probably choose this one because I
know that every time I use this product
it's going to give me a flawless look
one of my favourite things which I can't
do this video without mentioning is this
now you might be like M what but this is
the travel makeup brush case I really
like this it was super affordable too
from Amazon if you are traveling or
wondering how to store your brushes when
you're on the move and something like
this it could be a really cheap
affordable way to do it the last
question that I get asked all the time
is how do I clean my makeup brushes
there's one brands that I always turn to
and that is Beauty Blender this is the
Beauty Blender solids ultimate makeup
sponge and brush cleanser and I like to
use this when cleaning my brushes
it's so easy to use you literally just
roll your brush back and forth into the
soap give it a good swirl and then wash
that using
warm tap and then hang the brush to dry
it's super easy to get a cleaner brush
using this and to clean makeup sponges
or beauty blenders you can use the solid
so but I actually prefer to use the
liquid so I have actually ran out so I
can't show it to you but Beauty Blender
does actually sell a pump-action liquid
so I find a lot easier for sponges
because you can just press the sponge on
the top give it a pump and then rinse it
clean under the tap it will usually take
a good three or four pumps to make sure
that your Beauty Blender is clean but
you will get there in the end that is it
for my makeup brush must-haves
I hope you enjoyed this video I hope it
was useful and it wasn't just me
battling for like the longest time
because I do usually sit here and film
for like two hours and then I'm like oh
my god how am I gonna make this five
minutes I really hope you enjoyed this
video let me know which was your
favorite brush that I mentioned today
and if you have any particular favorite
brushes that I didn't mention then leave
them in the comment section down below
thank you so much for watching don't
forget to subscribe I'll see you guys
soon fine
