you're just like non Irish people on st.
Patrick's Day they'll dress in in really
ridiculous exaggerated Irish themed
costumes
I mean people dress as leprechauns for
goodness sakes people dress as
leprechauns to this and by the way st.
Patrick's Day is a is a is a is a a
religious holiday on top of that so
you're coming in on this religious
holiday and making a mockery of the
Irish dressing as a leprechaun well you
know what no Irish person gets offended
by that I think that actual Irish people
in Ireland I've never heard of any of
them being offended I think they just
laugh about it and they roll their eyes
and they kind of laugh at us people of
Irish descent in America we don't start
crying about it we're not offended we
laugh we have a good time in fact we're
we're flattered on st. Patrick's Day
everybody wants to pretend that they
have Irish ancestry and so those of us
who do we feel kind of you know we feel
kind of good about ourselves we feel
kind of kind of cool that everybody
everybody wishes they had the same
ancestry that we do so you should be
flattered by that
