for some reason I don't know why this is
but for some reason waffle houses in the
South because we've been - I've been
through a couple of my like waffles for
one thing and I like these waffle
they're associated with Christianity and
this one is like that it was one of the
really most fun restaurants in Nashville
and some clown walked in there and and
shot some people and you know obviously
the usual stuff is happening where
people are you know calling for gun
control what's really interesting we
should just here just for a minute from
the guy James Shaw young man who
wrestled the gun away from the guy and
he said he's not a hero he was just
trying to get killed but it sounded
pretty brave to me let's just hear from
him he took the gun away from these
shooters I actually went behind his like
a push door swivel door and he shot
through that door I'm pretty sure and
I'm pretty sure he grazed my arm
and it was at that time that I kind of
made up my mind because there's no way
to lock that door that if it was gonna
come down to it he was gonna have to
work to work to kill me so at the time
that he was either reloading or the gun
jammed or whatever happened is when I
ran through the swivel door I hit him
with the swirl of a door and then the
get the gun was kind of jammed up and it
was pushed down so we were scuffling and
I managed to get him with one hand on
the gun and then I grabbed it from him
not threw it over the countertop and
then after that I was trying to get out
the door and I think he was pretty much
in the entranceway so I just took him
out with me out of the entrance and all
the way outside as you know I just love
we know there are bad guys but it's
always good to remember they're good
guys just the fact he took the gun away
from them threw it away he didn't blow
him you know he didn't shoot him with it
he burned his hand grabbing the hot
barrel of the gun a book one bullet went
off seems to have grazed his arm very
courageous stuff the mayor of Nashville
is calling for confiscations of guns and
just kind of babbling about gun control
and all the stuff but
newly discovered statistics from the
Centers for Disease Control CDC I'm
taking this right off our site that a
Lee Weyer Centers for Disease Control
that we're never released to the public
strengthen the argument for guns and
blow a hole in the gun control narrative
the statistics show that guns are used
in a defensive manner against crimes far
more than they are used by criminals to
commit crimes a new report from Florida
State University criminologist Gary
clack that recently unearthed surveys
from the CDC which were never made
public show that Americans use guns in
millions of defense scenarios every year
on average collects Tutty which has been
harshly disputed in pro-gun control
quarters indicated that there were more
than 2.2 million such defensive uses of
guns so-called DG used offensive gun use
in America but now Kleck says that the
CDC backed him up but they never
reported what they found I wonder why
not you know it and and people were
saying on Twitter I mean P you know
everybody's on Twitter so you get a
couple of people with maybe the IQ of a
mushroom but they said well you know we
that just proves this guy grabbed the
gun with his bare hands so that proves
you don't need a good guy with a gun to
stop a bad guy with a gun you think like
I do those words come out of your mouth
what's wrong with you
it's like yeah all we need is guys
willing to grab the hot barrel of a gun
and take a bullet to the arm and we'll
be fine
you know just nuts nuts but the CDC
apparently really did a a good study a
very solid study in the 90s showing that
people use guns for self defense of
course what do you think they use them
for
