93 year-old former President George Bush
has received an outpouring of prayers
affection and support as he recovers in
a Houston hospital from a blood
infection meanwhile the callous
bureaucrats of Britain's socialist
health care regime are doing everything
in their power to kill a two-year-old
baby even stationing a police guard by
his crib to ensure that nobody gives
baby Alfie any oxygen we will analyze
the modern West's bizarre take on life
death and expertise then is there a
terrorism double standard when it comes
to reporting on attacks by Muslim
radicals versus attacks by lunatic non
Muslims we'll analyze that finally on
this day in history the Armenian
Genocide
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show
that's a grim show today that's even
just for reading the intro it's a lot of
death and dying and dying grandfather's
dying toddlers terrorist attacks random
acts of violence and genocide that's
that is so we need something to make us
feel better before we get into all of
that and the best way I can think to do
that is to help keep the lights on and
thank an excellent sponsor and get you
all an important product that will make
your lives better and cost you barely
anything I'm talking of course about
Dollar Shave Club Dollar Shave Club
dot-com they deliver everything you need
to look feel and smell your best it is
more than just razors it is better than
shopping in a store I have been using
them ever since
you know we signed up with them Dollar
Shave Club it is the best razor I've
ever used and it's the best shaving
products that I've ever used to I mean I
I would always get a pretty nice razor
something it's that's fairly important
this is the moneymaker folks you know
you gotta but you got to treat it nice
and so Dollar Shave Club I we got their
razor it is so good it but it has a lot
more it has razors it has shave butter
shampoo body wash toothpaste
everything you need to look and feel
your best so I use the executive razor
because being here in the broom closet
of the ben shapiro show it makes me feel
like i'm somebody to have the executive
razor it's a good nice way to treat
myself and i use dr. Carver's shave
butter it is fantastic it goes on clear
so you can see while you're shaving you
don't just rip chunks of your face off
it's really good it's it's not like gel
it's not like the puffy stuff it's just
it's the perfect way to shave
since the Dollar Shave Club delivers
everything to you you never have to go
into a drugstore or pharmacy wait in
line go down the wrong aisle and then
you feel very awkward you know
especially if you're a ma'am your thinks
I shouldn't do this right now stop what
you were doing I will keep listening to
me but stop whatever you know if you're
driving stop on the highway if you're
cooking stop cooking go right now to
dollarshaveclub.com slash coffe FA Co V
Fe Fe for just $5 you can get the
executive razor six blade executive
razor and trial
sizes of shave butter body cleanser and
one wipe Charlies if you don't want to
go to Europe you know and have a bidet
that's a nice way to take care of places
that need taken care of right now do it
right now it is so cheap and they are
really really good just $5 and free
shipping go to dollarshaveclub.com slash
cough fa c OV e fe fe clean up your
bathroom and your morning routine
dollarshaveclub.com qoph FAC OV e fe fe
that was so nice and now we have to get
back to death and destruction
okay that's fine look we needed
something to balance out Kanye West
becoming a conservative Republican
yesterday that was too good that was so
cough FA and exciting that we needed
just a day of pure death and misery but
there's a lot to learn from all of that
death and misery about us as a culture
about how we treat life and death and
expertise and a lot of misconceptions
too about the Armenian Genocide well
I've been being yelled at on Twitter all
day for apparently controversial
historical evidence that I'm citing but
we'll get to that toward the end of the
show George Bush is in the hospital
George Bush Senior 93 years old
apparently he was in intensive care he
may still be there George Bush is 93
years old last year he was in the
hospital for pneumonia and then a few
months later he was in the hospital
again for pneumonia in 2014 I think he
was hospitalized twice for pneumonia
he's been in and out of the hospital a
lot in 2015 he broke a bone in his neck
not from jumping out of airplanes even
though he was still doing that up until
age 90 I think you know jumping out of
airplanes and he's a really vigorous guy
war hero but he has a disease called
vascular parkinsonism which is a form of
Parkinson's disease that makes him
wheelchair-bound and look he's he's had
a rough couple weeks his wife died his
wife of 73 years has just died and so
that's a lot of stress on a person
especially when you could you imagine
your wife of 73 years dies you get
married at age 20 or something and you
know you write letters to each other you
raise all these kids you have a child
die you go through all of this together
and you become an elected official you
become the head of the CIA you become
the president vice president and the
president all of this together your son
becomes president you go
all of this together and you when your
wife dies it's an international news
event that's a lot of pressure so it's
not surprising we know by the way that's
espouses who have been together for a
very long time when one of them dies the
other frequently follows shortly
thereafter and this is commonly
attributed to broken heart syndrome so
there was a 2007 study out of the
University of Glasgow that I think
attract 4,000 married couples between
the ages of 45 and 64 and they wanted to
see what happens when the spouse dies
what does that do to the living spouse
and the the risk of death increases 30%
in the six months following the spouses
death and that's for young people
relatively young people 45 to 64 and you
got to figure that some of these guys
don't like their spouses that much you
know not every marriage can be the bush
marriage they seem to really love each
other
George Bush spent the last day of his
wife's life holding her hand beside her
they really seemed to get along very
well so 30% among even young and healthy
people for older couples this manifests
usually in pre-existing conditions so if
you have a heart condition or you have a
lung condition or whatever that'll just
accelerate that your immune system is is
down because of the stress for younger
couples it's more interesting because it
actually is broken heart syndrome it
simulates a heart attack
so you when you have a heart attack
there's usually blockage in an artery
and that causes the symptoms of a heart
attack and death with broken heart
syndrome there's so much stress that it
actually simulates the symptoms of a
heart attack and also can kill you so
who knows what caused this presumably it
was a lot of stress bringing down his
immune system now former President Bush
has this blood disease hopefully he'll
pull through this I mean everybody is
pulling for this guy everybody's
cheering him on all of Twitter is
writing about him all of these news
articles and I really hope he makes it
through some people are saying well he's
gonna go back to Barbara and and their
child who died when you know when when
they were younger and living in Texas
but I hope he makes it through if you
make it through the first six months you
then
usually things stabilize he says he
wants to get back to his family so I'm
in Kennebunkport Maine I hope he can do
that that said that's I mean everyone's
pulling for him the life expectancy in
the United States is a little over 78
years little of seventy eight point four
years and this guy's lived a good life
he's he's outlived life expectancy by a
lot he's done everything a person could
possibly want to do maybe the youngest
pilot during World War two he survived
getting shot down and son was just on a
raft for hours in the blazing hot Sun in
the Pacific then he went to Yale was
captain of the baseball team had a kid
while he was there was tapped for skull
and bones the secret society there he
then had this wonderful career he didn't
go straight to Wall Street he went
became his own man out in West Texas he
was an oilman he ran for office he was
gonna you know be a an elected official
do his public service he makes it all
the way up to become the head of the
Republican National Committee and the
head of the CIA the vice president for
the greatest president of our lifetimes
and the President of the United States
for a spell and his son got to be
President that's pretty good
that's a good life if you die after all
of that and your loving wife is beside
you for 93 years or you know up until
your 93rd year that's a life well-lived
you can't hope for much more than that
he was jumping out of airplanes at age
90 look we hope he survives if he has
lived a life well-lived good for him we
should celebrate that wonderful life
when Barbara Bush died it was a little
even stranger because she gave an
announcement she said I'm in terminal
decline basically and I'm only going to
focus on comfort care now I'm gonna turn
down medical interventions and people on
Twitter were saying we're pulling for
you you'll survive Barbara you're strong
you'll survive and you think no she's
made peace with this she's made peace
with her death I mean she's they have
that Bush waspy reserves I didn't say
Barbara is dying get ready for the
obituaries but she's made peace with
that George W Bush mentioned this he
said he talked to his mother and said
you know mom are you ready to die and
she said I believe in Jesus I'm ready to
go to my eternal reward and that's a
healthy attitude you
don't live forever you can hope for
eternal life but you can't live forever
in this earth and I don't know really
who would want to do that that's a in
this culture though we're in a
materialist culture and so all we care
about is just surviving surviving
surviving but then it gets really
strange because in Britain right now in
Britain there is a little baby who is
struggling for life and the government
is doing everything they can to kill him
here's a news clip the parents of the
terminally ill toddler alfie evans have
lost the latest stage of their legal
battle over his life support Tom Evans
and Kate James failed to persuade the
supreme court that their son was being
unlawfully detained at all de hay
Children's Hospital in Liverpool the
court also refused permission for the
parents to appeal the decision the
couple say they will now make an urgent
application to the European Court of
Human Rights that's 23 month-old Alfie
Evans and first of all you get a real
sense of socialism there right the
parents have basically no rights to
their kids the government controls the
health care and basically owns you and
so we saw this again there was the that
little baby Charlie guard the parents
wanted to take him out and get medical
care and the socialist government said
nope it's ours
sorry parents get the parents away get
the parents away from that kid so the
doctors are arguing in this case that
little Alfie has been in a semi
vegetative state for a year and I don't
know what that means by the way what is
a semi vegetative state either you're in
a vegetative state or you're not if
you're a vegetable you're just there
kind of slack-jawed not doing anything
if you're in a semi vegetative state
that means you're not in a vegetative
state and photos of Alfie have come out
of Alfie hugging his mother off of life
support by the way the government forced
him off of life support and yet he's
still moving around and hugging his
mother and somehow surviving now the
doctors are shocked by this they are
shocked that little Alfie has continued
to breathe for 18 hours
at last check after life-support was
turned off these are the same doctors by
the way who say listen we know best for
the kid we know what's going to happen
take him off of life support it's better
for him no we know exactly what's going
on
oh gosh were shocked when nothing we
said was right and yet there the ex
it's they're the experts that we need to
trust we'll get back to the experts in a
little bit the parents want for Alfie to
be able to travel to Rome for treatment
the Italians good Catholic country Rome
City of the Pope they say send them over
here will give him treatment if the
British socialists don't want to do it
we will give him treatment that the
doctor has said we're not gonna do it
they've left him without food water or
oxygen for six hours there's a little
baby this very ill little baby doesn't
have food water oxygen six hours he's
still alive so the Pope tweets out he
says quote moved by the prayers and
immense solidarity shown little Alfie
Evans I renew my appeal that the
suffering of his parents may be heard
and that their desire to seek new forms
of treatment may be granted not just
that not just a tweet from the Pope
which is pretty good Italy granted Alfie
citizenship on Monday so just yesterday
they give Alfie citizenship so that they
can make a case to have this baby
transported out of the cold murderous
grip of these socialist bureaucrats and
brought to Italy where he can get some
care the Italian embassy actually said
if you remove the ventilator from Alfie
Evans we will file a complaint against
this hospital against Britain for the
murder of an Italian citizen because
that's what this is now what is the
prognosis for Alfie he has a
neurodegenerative disorder he is quite
sick and that's what's at stake here
he's got this disorder and should he be
allowed to live or should the doctors
kill him these specialists the experts
say it's better to let him die now what
does that mean they say it's better to
let him die but that's a that's a
philosophical question and a theological
question that's not a scientific
question or a medical question but they
say look we're the medical experts we're
the scientific experts so let let us
tell you how you should view life in the
true goals and end of man so that has
nothing to do with medicine you your
your technicians practically you work on
the body like an instrument but we're
talking about matters of life what is
the purpose of life when should when
should life be ended when should it be
vigorously protected this speaks to our
business
our view of experts and medicine in life
we trust the experts in this
technocratic bureaucratic age we just
love to trust the experts the writer GK
Chesterton had an excellent point on
this he wrote quote the trouble with the
expert is that wherever he is not
exceptionally learned he is quite
casually ignorant this is the great
fallacy in the case of what is called
the impartiality of men of science if
scientific men had no idea beyond their
scientific work it might be all very
well that is to say all very well for
everybody except for them because they
continue to be ignorant but the truth is
that beyond their scientific ideas they
have not the absence of ideas but the
presence of the most vulgar and
sentimental ideas that happen to be
common to their social clique if a
biologist had no views on art and morals
it might be all very well the truth is
that the biologist has all the wrong
views of art and morals that happen to
be going about in the smart set of his
time and this has always been true the
doctor has absolutely no say over
whether it is kinder to let a baby die
or to try to say his save his life he
doesn't know what kind is he doesn't
know if kind is the purpose of life he
doesn't know what is the purpose of life
parents perhaps ought to have some say
over this they ought to have some say
and say you know we view the world in
this way and we have a Christian point
of view we direct our life in a
Christian way or in an Aristotelian way
or in a modern way or whatever and this
is the end of life and and what the UK
government is saying is we don't care
what you think we don't care which we
have our own view of life and were going
to force it on you and we're gonna have
people who know absolutely nothing about
philosophy or morals or theology they're
just going to tell you this has always
been the case you could see this did you
remember the New Atheists though that
was Christopher Hitchens and Sam Harris
and Richard Dawkins and Daniel Dennett
the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse and
they were these guys who decided to
become fake philosophers overnight in
the 2000s so you had a magazine writer
like Christopher Hitchens very good
magazine writer a really fun guy to
listen to and to
read and he was pretending to be a
philosopher and he was pretending to be
a theologian and he pretended to make
arguments against religion even though
he didn't make any arguments against
religion because he doesn't know
anything about religion Christopher
Hitchens wrote a book called God is not
great at no point in the book did he
ever even suggest that God is not great
he didn't make any argument that God is
not great he just insinuated it all over
the place but this was a publishing fad
basically as David Bentley Hart pointed
out on this show a guy like Richard
Dawkins pretends that he has some great
philosophical and theological light but
he's a biologist yeah is actually
Chesterton's example G K Chesterton is
with so many other things is predicting
all of these idiots these brilliant
idiots you know they're smart in one
field and totally dummies in all of the
other fields and they're worse than
dummies because they're given to
whatever the fashionable thing is at the
time that's just what they believed
so this biologist Richard Dawkins thinks
it's fashionable to be an atheist and so
he pretends that his credentials in one
area somehow lead into credentials in
another area or lead into expertise in
another area you see this with climate
scientists people who are physicists or
atmospheric scientists they say I know a
lot about this very narrow thing so let
me tell you how you should run your
economy let me tell you how you should
run your government let me tell you how
the government should relate to the
governed in the United States or around
the world no no no listen I'm a climate
scientist I study I don't even know what
they study like the temperature of
balloons and above the Arctic or
something who knows they you know they
study like that they put a little
thermometer in a penguins mouth and they
say look I know how to put a thermometer
in a penguins mouth so that's why
American citizens should not be able to
govern themselves any more I'm an expert
I put the thermometer in the Penguins
mouth stop trying to govern yourselves
because now I'm apparently an expert on
politics and philosophy and economics
and history and right absolutely not and
this gets to a really important point
which is we have this notion in modern
culture in a fairly decadent culture in
a very specialized culture that the
experts should govern this is very
prominent on the left in Britain
they say what we should do for climate
science is put the in terms of
government we should put the most
specialized climate person in charge of
the EPA in charge of the Environmental
Protection Agency he's the expert so he
should do he should run the government
agency that's related to that but really
that expert is the last guy who should
ever be in charge of that he is the last
version we should ask to be the head of
that agency because all he thinks about
is that one area all he's focused on is
that one narrow field to the exclusion
of all of the others actually we should
have the guy who's not an expert on
climate science he should be the one
running it because he has a more general
view of how that department relates to
the rest of the government and the
private sector in the people who are who
are being governed this is exactly true
in the case of little Alfie the doctors
the technocrats who say we all look
we're the experts on this particular
brain disease so we're going to have a
decision over what parents can do to
their kids and where this kid can be
taken for other possibly life-saving
help we're gonna we're gonna decide that
because we're the experts put us in
charge no you're the experts on this one
narrow subset of a brain disease or the
Teknik rats you're the experts on this
one narrow bureaucratic function of
government you think you ought to run
everybody's lives and you think you
ought to tell everybody what to do and
what the purpose of life is absolutely
not absolutely not and this comparison
here between how we relate to George
Bush's sickness or Barbara Bush's
terminal decline and this little baby is
so bizarre
we're weeping for grandparents and we're
murdering babies we're sobbing we're
wrenching our garments we're ending our
garments and gnashing our teeth over
people who have lived good lives and
we're trying to kill this little baby
and say you can't live and it's because
our view of life in this era is
utilitarian it's a very utilitarian view
we value some people over others we
value some people over others and this
is the whole argument for abortion by
the way the whole argument is well you
know the the can
of the mother is much more important
than the life of the child because we
like the mother more the mother has a
job maybe she went to college and you
know that baby hasn't really done
anything what's that baby to ever done
for me
what's that baby ever going to do for
society this is the freakonomics
argument for abortion they say yeah
those kids who aren't wanted they become
a nuisance to society they don't have a
lot of value they're not worth a whole
lot so let's just get rid of them in the
womb that'll make it easier and the
mother I'll have a better time to that's
okay let's do that
George Bush Barbara Bush those are good
people those are the good people who
really matter we like having them around
we need to save them they really matter
even though they've lived wonderful
lives really really admirable lives and
maybe it's coming to the end and they're
gonna go to their eternal reward no we
need that we want them or what we really
like them but that little baby oh you
know that little baby with the brain
disease he's probably gonna cost the
government a lot of money and he doesn't
he's not even that cute cuz he's you
know a little disfigured from this
disease oh it just no now let's get rid
of him and the parents say please let us
save the baby the Pope says let us save
the basin now now he's not he doesn't
have as much value as George Bush does
so now we're not we're not gonna do it's
really bizarre because that isn't the
the normal view of life that isn't the
traditional view the traditional view is
that life has a purpose it has a
narrative it as a beginning in a middle
and an end and the Christian view is
that we're all children of God and all
life is valuable and even if you have
the 99 sheep who were taking care of
themselves and behaving well and that
one sheep goes astray the Good Shepherd
goes and saves that sheep that's the
Christian view that's the traditional
Western view and we've lost it we're
losing that view and it's totally
incoherent and bizarre even among
libertarians even among right-wing
coalition's I had Jason Stapleton on the
show a couple weeks ago and he said the
libertarian position is that you own
your body we own our bodies but that
doesn't make any sense why do you own
your body the whole argument was that we
at we own our property because we make
it it comes from us you didn't create
your own life
your life doesn't come from you your
life is a gift from somebody else your
life is a gift from God you don't own
your life and the life that has lived
for the good the life that has lived it
in the Christian terminology - to give
glory to God and enjoy him forever
that's a good life we're in we're in the
aristotelian the ancient terminology to
do the good to pursue the good to pursue
the virtues and practice the virtues
that's a different life but the one
that's just lived for you you say I own
my life and I'm just gonna give me
pleasure me me me me me that's the
modern view and it's shared by the left
and the right and it just isn't true and
it leads to a hollow life and it leads
to moral absurdity like weeping and
crying and getting very stressed out
because people who have lived good lives
are dying at an old age and yet at the
same time trying to kill little babies
because they don't give you enough value
doesn't make enough doesn't doesn't make
a lot of sense before we cut to the
break a word on terrorism this is
another one causing a lot of trouble you
saw the news story yesterday a young
apparently crazy guy in Toronto named
Alec Minassian killed ten and injured
fifteen and I his name only because it's
not you know Abu Mohammed Mohammed it
isn't a name an Islamic name that we
hear so much and so at the moment it
appears that this guy isn't Muslim they
aren't really releasing a lot of
information about him but it doesn't
seem to be religiously inspired attack
and he does seem really crazy he he
praised that woman-hating mass killer
from california elliot rodger his
classmates said that when he was in
school he didn't have any friends the
guy alec attended a special-needs high
school apparently he would walk down the
hallways with his heads down in his
hands together making meowing sounds it
sounds like a crazy person and the left
object they object--a say you know when
it's a muslim perpetrator you call him a
terrorist but when it's just some white
guy you say he's crazy say frequently
that's true because frequently the
muslim attackers are terrorists and
frequently the white guys are a bit
crazy
not all the time sometimes the white
guys are actual racists sometimes they
are at terrorists like the one who shot
up
that black church but this guy was crazy
this guy seems very crazy the the
Orlando terrorist the Muslim terrorist
who shot up that gay nightclub in
Orlando he didn't seem crazy he seemed
to have his life sort of together he had
a wife and he called the police and he
said I pledge allegiance to Isis I
pledge allegiance to Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi and I'm committing this
crime in the name of Islam and so you
call that guy a Muslim terrorist you
point that out but he the guy who's
crazy and Miao's to himself and doesn't
have any friends maybe that guy's just a
little mentally ill or deficient the
left calls this a double standard it was
reported in the Guardian the headline
was we must end the terror double
standards and the peace went on in their
rush to connect this attack to
international terrorism journalists and
politicians are missing a key fact it
takes no special training to run people
over with a vehicle you don't need to be
a dangerous foreigner to buy fake
weapons like a paint gun or a pellet gun
anyone can shout Allahu Akbar it's easy
to say you claim allegiance to Isis this
was in response to a New York terrorist
attack by a Muslim terrorist say yeah
anyone can say Allah is greater they can
say allahu akbar anyone can claim
allegiance to isis but when they do that
they're claiming allegiance to isis and
that is a terrorist act right they are
carrying out this act in the name of
islam a political act against civilians
in the name of islam that's terrorism
USA Today as another one and another
attack they say Trump's double standard
on guns and terrorism no politics unless
he says so what they're really saying is
he doesn't call it terrorism unless it's
terrorism here is the left-wing argument
well it's it's central to the coverage
right so if we look back at how Orlando
was covered immediately without any
investigation to him he had a motive
simply because he was a Muslim we find
out later that it was much more
complicated that he had identity issues
and all these other things but the media
jumps out right away
right and gives usually white shooters
the privilege of acting as an individual
as not acting on behalf of a race or
group that doesn't happen
to any other people especially Muslims
are Arabs well first of all he did have
identity issues he'd identified as a
Muslim terrorist that was the main
identity issue that's what made him
commit the attack and you see what they
do they always say they try to blur
these things and they say well it's just
it's race you're being racist but that
radical Islam isn't a race
it's not a race at all it's an idea it's
a religious ideology there is a
difference here between when a crazy
person goes and shoots up a place and
when someone does it for a purpose when
they target civilians for a purpose
terrorism has a definition now we there
are a lot of definitions of terrorism
floating around I'm not I don't know
what merriam-webster says but terrorism
does have a definition it is when you
target civilians to achieve a political
purpose it's when you attack civilians
for a political end that is the broad
definition of terrorism and so Islamic
terrorism fits that definition the 9/11
attack on the World Trade Center fits
that definition it was targeting
civilians to achieve a political end now
the left hates drawing this distinction
they hate it they they hate it they try
to blur and they try to obfuscate
because they want to avoid
responsibility here's Hillary Clinton
giving the example par excellence of of
this blurring with all due respect the
fact is we had four Dead Americans was
it because of a protest or is it because
of guys out for a walk one night I
decided they'd go kill some Americans
what difference at this point does it
make it is our job to figure out what
happened and do everything we can to
prevent it from ever happening again
senator what difference at this point
doesn't make it only makes a difference
if you want to identify and solve the
problem and Hillary Clinton doesn't want
to do any of that because she was
responsible for these things she was
well rather she wasn't responsible for
the attack she was irresponsible and her
irresponsibility led to the attack she
was reckless in advocating an
intervention in Libya which helped to
lead to the attack and help facilitate
it she doesn't want to identify the
problem you can only solve a problem if
you identified
problem but the left does not want to
identify the problem they want to sell
it's all the same it's all who knows
it's senseless they always use this they
say these crimes are senseless and some
crimes are senseless when a crazy person
thinks that his armoire is speaking to
him and telling him to go drive a bus
into people that is senseless there
that's irrational some something has
misfired in his brain and so he's
senseless but when somebody does it for
a purpose and they say look my religious
faith tells me that we need to go kill
these people and we need to do it to
affect this political goal in this
religious goal that's not senseless that
has perfect sense there is a logic to it
it's a bizarre logic it's an evil logic
but it is a logic a few more words on
this but I've got to say goodbye to
Facebook in YouTube but a few more words
on this because it's it's happening
right now and a lot and people are being
hurt because we won't identify that
problem but if you want it if you want
to stick around and see that you have to
go to daily wire.com thank you to those
who help keep the lights on we really
appreciate it
it keeps qoph fa in my leftist ears
tumblr what do you get it's ten bucks a
month or 100 dollars for an annual
membership you get me you get the end
replevin show you got the Ben Shapiro
show that's all good you get to ask
questions in the mailbag get your
mailbag questions in by the way we'll be
doing that on Thursday you also get to
ask questions in the conversation
everybody gets to watch the conversation
I'm up next by the way so you get all
your all your very important questions
and I'll probably give you nonsense for
answers but everybody can watch only
subscribers can ask the questions many
are called few are chosen you know that
you can get this podcast anywhere you
can get it on iTunes stitcher google
play YouTube Facebook for the times they
don't censor us it's on there and daily
wire.com
but again none of that matters what
matters is this the leftist tears tumblr
this is the only fda-approved vessel to
contain your salty and delicious leftist
tears now we're still serving up the
Kanye a vintage that a Kanye vintage
2018 when he started to just tweet at a
bunch of very conservative Republican
things and the tears have been pouring
ever since make sure you get it because
otherwise you'll drown and
will imperil your family and your own
life so go to daily wire comm we'll be
right back
before we get to the Armenian Genocide
like a pig before we get to one of the
worst events of the century let me yeah
I know you're all excited for it but
they're really people are abusing
language when it comes to the Armenian
Genocide and just as in this example
it's not helping us to identify the
problem so take it you can take a
example of a recent series of attacks in
New York here's what's been going on in
New York the last week bandaged and
badly bruised 42 year old Audrey Ellis
stands with his Brooklyn community just
days after he was attacked on Eastern
Parkway I don't understand why you know
they had to pick me
police say the Orthodox Jewish man was
punched in the face repeatedly about a
week and a half ago left with broken
ribs and a broken nose I wonder do
people realize this is into semitism at
the Crown Heights intersection another
Jewish man was assaulted Saturday
afternoon while walking home from
synagogue
Negrita de Milo and and go a continue
next thing I know is that the further
they said I don't like Jews who were
talking to my I don't talk to Jews he
put me in a headlock and I'm trying to
maneuver out of him and he's and the
meantime I'm screaming help help help
and the next thing and he says you don't
need help we're gonna kill you right
here looks so awful the guy's got a big
black eye and what's the motive what's
the motive you know if this were Hillary
Clinton she would say hey what
difference does it make what difference
if a guy you know he just randomly
doesn't like I don't know nice hats or
something or he goes and he hates Jews
and he hits um what difference does it
make makes a big difference anti-jewish
attacks rose 92 percent last year in New
York City and rose 90 percent in New
York State over the last year that
matters it isn't just random crime that
rose although bill de blasio hasn't done
a great job on that either but it does
matter because in order to solve the
problem you have to identify it if
there's a surge in anti-jewish attacks
then we need to find out why that is
who is perpetrating it which groups of
people are perpetrating it which
neighborhoods is it
happening in why is it happening how can
we punish the perpetrators and make sure
this doesn't keep happening if it's just
random violence then there you could
make a bunch of initiatives that
wouldn't have any effect on anti-jewish
crime you have to identify the problem
then you can solve the problem the left
doesn't want to do either they're
totally uninterested in either that
brings us to this day in history today
is the 99th annual Armenian Genocide
Remembrance Day and the Armenian
Genocide Remembrance Day commemorates
the Armenian Genocide as you might
imagine in which the Muslim Ottoman
Empire murdered around 2 and a half
million of its Christian subjects
including not just one and a half
million Armenian Christians but also
upwards of three quarters of a million
Greek Christians and 300,000 Assyrian
Christians and nobody is allowed to talk
about this they're not you know there
are a lot of places in the world right
now a lot of countries who don't even
admit that the Armenian Genocide
happened the including Turkey including
the state that perpetrated it or the
successor state of the Ottoman Turks
which continues to deny that genocide a
lot of other countries deny it to the
last US president to talk about it
explicitly and to to state explicitly
that it happened was a Ronald Reagan
though various Congress's and people
have talked about it they simply don't
want to anger the Turks who are
occasionally our allies so the Armenian
Genocide happened during World War one
and there were two phases there was the
wholesale killing of able-bodied
Christian men and then the deportation
of the remaining Armenian women and
children and elderly and disabled to
death marches to the Syrian desert there
was no food or water on these death
marches and all of the Armenians were
regularly robbed and raped and
slaughtered enroute this was an ancient
history by the way this wasn't you know
400 years ago is 600 years ago this was
just a century ago during and after
World War 1 and I got in a bit of
trouble on Twitter today because a bunch
of illiterate didn't read what I said
MBI pointed out that the Armenian
Genocide is in
not primarily a genocide it's not
primarily a genis it is a genocide the
armenians were targeted but they weren't
targeted for their race genocide means a
race killing it comes from jeno Genet
like your genes you know G en and it
targets a race now what you might say
you say well you know I read the 2017
merriam-webster definition right
whatever okay well you know the people
who use the term use it to write again I
don't care it gene jet jenos has a
meaning and it's a race a race of people
a group of people and the Armenians were
not targeted only because they were
Armenian they weren't even targeted
primarily because they were Armenian
they were targeted because they were
Christian they were targeted by Muslim
Turks and they were the subjects of
those Muslim jerks and they were
targeted for being Christian that's why
by the way Greek Christians and Assyrian
Christians were gathered up in this
persecution there were three hundred
thousand I think Assyrian Christians who
were killed Oh three-quarters of a
million Greek Christians who were killed
it wasn't just because those three races
were the ones that the Turks hated it's
because they they were targeting
Christianity this is an important
distinction what you'll hear is Oh what
does it matter
Oh what does it matter if it was the
people the race or the religion it
matters because if you want to solve the
problem you have to identify the problem
and this is not not just ancient history
and not just 100 years ago it's
happening today
according to a study this year 2018 by
aid to the church in need Christian
persecution and genocide in the Middle
East is now worse than any time in
history the the study writes not only
are Christians more persecuted than any
other faith group but ever-increasing
numbers are experiencing the very worst
forms of persecution in the Middle East
Christian babies are hang from trees
Christian teenagers are crucified the
study found that the only country that
didn't get worse in its treatment of
Christians with Saudi Arabia and the
only reason that it didn't get any worse
is because it couldn't get any worse you
can't you then when you and you're at
the bottom there's not not very far to
go now that isn't genocide we you there
are racial groups and ethnic groups that
are lumped in with that because they're
mostly or almost entirely Christian but
this is a
religion not race this is a religious
persecution this is Muslim regimes and
Muslim groups persecuting Christians
that's not the same as race ideas are
not passed in the bloodstream certain
people's are not just naturally one
religious group or another religious
group their ideas ideas are passed in
them in the brain and in the tradition
they're not passed in the bloodstream
Syria was a Christian country or a
Christian area st. Paul was converted on
the road to Damascus and it was only in
the seventh century that Syria became a
wraith century even that Syria became a
Muslim rather than Christian now to
discuss these things to talk about in
religious terms that's considered
Islamophobic we can only talk in the
racial terms if we talk in the racial
terms maybe that's okay some countries
still won't deal with it but that's we
can do that but we're not allowed to
talk about the Armenian Genocide for
what it really was a religious
persecution
that's Islamophobic the irrational fear
of Islam I wonder was that fear it
irrational for the two and a half
million Christians who were slaughtered
by Muslim Turks 100 years ago was it
irrational for the countless Christians
who were persecuted by Muslim terrorists
and regimes today I wonder if those who
have been slaughtered could accuse the
West of Islamophobia phobia we're not
allowed to talk about these things
though we can't talk about them as they
really are so what we're gonna continue
to do is blur and obfuscate even on an
important point yes there was a genocide
but what was it more broadly why were
the Greeks in the Assyrians brought in
to that awful slaughter to what is this
really about if you want to solve the
problem you have to identify the problem
but nobody wants to solve those problems
it's just mmm it's just not politically
correct all right that's our show maybe
we'll have to do something that's less
grim tomorrow maybe we'll need like some
streamers and balloons or something I
don't know
the smoking cigar isn't drinking on set
to get over this grim dismal death Laden
podcast but you know very important to
talk about these things really says a
lot about the culture ok get you mail
back questions then I will see you
tomorrow I'm Michael Knowles this is the
Michael Knowles show I'll see you then
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex Zingaro audio is
mixed by mike core amina hair and makeup
is by Jeshua
OV era copyright for word publishing
