so the big story out of the UK today is
actually the story of Alfie Evans and
this is very similar to the case you'll
remember of Charlie guard Charlie guard
was a an 11 month old baby who had a
degenerative brain condition and the
British courts ruled that the hospital
could Trump his parents wishes now
here's my question where is the American
left in all of this so the American
right is saying you got to save this
kid's life you got to do everything
possible to save this kid's life where's
the American left in all this and the
American left it suggests that abortion
is fine because just a cluster of cells
but once the baby is born it's no longer
just a cluster of cells where are they
for all of this the American left that
cheered I remember there's a movie
called John Key who came out in 2002 it
was movie Denzel Washington and the
movie was about a black kid who had an
enlarged heart and they didn't have the
money to pay for his heart surgery and
so John Hugh took over the hospital with
a gun and tried to hold the doctors
hostage to perform the surgery on his
son and this movie was was praised to
the skies by liberals because liberals
said this is what the American health
system is like well in this particular
case this is not about who's paying for
what the parents aren't asking the
British government to pay for anything
in this particular case you've got a
father who is trying to remove his son
from a hospital to save the son's life
and the American left is utterly
silenced when it comes to free market
economics in the health care system in
the United States then they're very
upset when it comes to actual
bureaucratic murder happening in the UK
then the American left just goes
completely silent which says to me that
this has a lot less to do with how they
think the health care system should be
run and a lot more to do with how they
value human life and that if the baby
has some sort of degenerative brain
condition that this is a baby that is
not deserving of life you can see the
short leap from here to the eugenics of
the left in the early 20th century it is
not a long leap by any means whatsoever
it really is horrifying and to show how
horrifying it is and just remember this
week the British royal family Princess
Kate and her husband Prince Harry they
had a baby this week and the entire
nation of Britain celebrated and this is
a beautiful thing of course
imagine if god forbid god forbid one of
the members of the royal family had a
child like Alfie Evans do you really
think do you really think the royal
family would allow the hospital to kill
the child in violation of the will of
the parents do you really think that
would happen or is there a class
differentiation even this
where we pretend there is no class
differentiation is there a difference
between royal and rich in Britain and
being poor in the clutches of the
National Health Service the answer is of
course there is once the government gets
to say what sort of care you deserve and
what sort of care you must be provided
they also get to say what sort of carrot
you don't deserve and what is best for
the chat what is best for the child so
there are folks who say this has nothing
to do with nationalized health care
because it isn't a question of rationing
but inherently it is a question of how a
ration system considers the value of
human life because they do have to make
calls as to what is best for particular
human lives and they also have to decide
whether they think a human life is worth
living at a particular point and they've
decided this kid is suffering and the
his suffering is not worth trying to
preserve his life which isn't their
decision in the first place it really is
horrifying
it really is discussing in this
demonstrative of the difference in value
held between the right and the left when
it comes to saving human lives even even
kids like Alfie Evans it's just it's
devastating it's devastating this kid is
the same age as my own kid and the
thought of the hospital trying to do
this to me with my regard my own kid is
so horrifying I can't imagine a
situation which I would not bring a gun
and try to break my kid out just because
I mean I don't know what the hell the
bright the hospital has to tell a parent
what his best interest for their child
when it comes to trying to kill the
child again it's one thing to say that
the kid should be that the kid should be
allowed to get a treatment when the
parents don't want the kid to get a
treatment it is another thing to say the
kid should be deprived of life-saving
support because the hospital thinks
differently in the parent is just
unbelievable
