hello everybody as you can see a
different studio today I this is the our
other car or the big car as our kids
call it or as my wife my wife says that
it's her car because it has all the car
seats in it and so she's the one driving
it around for most of the day but I
strenuously object to that description
of it anyway over the course of the of
this past weekend some controversy
erupted and you know it's a big deal
when there's controversy I mean in our
society if there's controversy you know
something serious has happened because
it's it's controversy is so rare these
days right it's like there's hardly ever
anything that people are outraged about
so if they're getting outraged you know
that it can't be frivolous right so in
this case the outrage the anger the hurt
the heartbreak the sadness was directed
at former NFL kicker jay Feely and you
see jay Feely posted a photo on twitter
this is a former NFL kicker who posted a
photo on Twitter so we know as I said we
know it's serious business and the photo
depicted him posing with his daughter
and her prom date and feely has his arm
around his daughter kind of protective
but in this sort of protective way and
then his other hand is holding a gun mmm
a gun
judi thing okay a shooty shooty
dangerous thing and so this is a classic
dad joke I mean this is it's even cliche
it's a dad joke that ten years ago
nobody would have noticed or really
cared maybe a few people would have
laughed most people would have rolled
their eyes because that as I dad I know
that that's the really the appropriate
response to a dad joke is just to roll
your eyes and move on but this is not
ten years ago this is 2018 and so in
2018 the photo went viral with thousands
of people expressing their righteous
indignation at this terrible awful
offensive photo now before I go any
further I need to stipulate that when I
talk about when I say people were
outraged and they were angry just keep
in mind that there are really there are
quotes around that there are circus tech
air quotes around outrage and anger
because as I've said before the the main
thing about the collective outrage that
goes on is that there's very little
authentic outrage in it
I mean I don't think
anyone really actually cared that much
about what jay Feely posted most of the
things when we get this this huge
outrage everyone's so angry most of the
people who are outraged and angry they
are not really outraged or angry what
they're doing is they're just they're
just seizing on this opportunity to make
a point and to destroy somebody and we
know that that's not that's that's
that's been going on since the dawn of
time what makes it different now as it
used to be you know if you were a
politician or a political figure of some
kind and you said anything at all then
yeah you're gonna have people from the
other side who tried to take your words
and use it against you to try to win
right and I think at you that used to
mainly be reserved for people like that
people who are in controversial jobs or
jobs that inherently involved
controversy but now what we find is that
anybody at all it's just any any old
average person doesn't matter what you
do for a living doesn't matter who you
are it doesn't matter what side you fall
on it doesn't matter if you're
completely apolitical anything just just
anyone at all if you put something out
there publicly people will seize on it
and try to destroy you to the point
where even an NFL kicker he's just a
retired NFL kicker I mean even if what
he did was terribly you know this even
if that photo really was legitimately
awful which of course it isn't but even
if it was who cares it's just an NFL
kicker what does it matter I mean what
why would anyone care what he posts just
let him be just let it just whatever so
he's got a who cares there's what what
are you hoping to win or accomplished by
taking this and making a thing out of it
so the anger is is is not really
authentic but be that as it may we will
deal with it anyway so this fake anger
seems to be based on two things one they
say that he's making light of gun
violence and it's dangerous to have a
gun out like that
they said
because I saw a lot of people so if that
was my son I would be so I would I would
be so angry that he put him in harm's
way with that gun because these people
think that a gun through some mysterious
gravitational force could actually load
itself and then point itself and and and
and pull its own trigger that's what
they think could happen but in reality
the gun was did not pose a threat to
anybody because it wasn't loaded and he
had it pointed down and he didn't even
have his finger on the trigger so really
that put that gun posed as much of a
threat to the people in that photograph
as there would have been a threat if he
was holding like a pancake or something
it just it posed zero threat whatsoever
but the other source of outrage is the
one that I want to focus on plenty of
feminists were scandalized or pretended
to be scandalized because as they put it
feely was treating his daughter as
property
and how dare he I'm just as one example
feminist Lauren dukkha or deucey I don't
know how to pronounce her name but she's
got a lot of Twitter followers and which
means she's important by the way
so the she said that the photo was a
violent reminder that feely considers
his daughter to be his property now
first of all jay Feely did well he
didn't quite apologize but he did post
something clarifying the tweet and
explaining it which I wish he hadn't
even done that much because it required
no explanation and it required no
clarification and anybody who was
offended by it
did their feelings do not matter at all
in this case but I understand why he did
because like I said he's just he's not a
political figure he's not he's not like
a pilot or even someone like me where I
know that everything I say they're gonna
be people who try to take him and then
I'm gonna get hate mail and everything I
so I know that I know that's what I do
for a living so I understand it but jay
Feely that's not what he's he wasn't
that's not what he's looking for he just
thought he was posting a funny picture
it turned into a whole thing so he's
like fine I'll just post something
clarifying and what he said was the prom
picture I posted was obviously intended
to be a joke my daughter has dated her
boyfriend for over a year and they knew
I was joking
I take gun safety seriously the gun was
not loaded and had no clip in it and I
did not intend to be sensitive to be
insensitive to that important issue so
this is where we are now as a society
where a guy has to explain that a
picture of himself holding a gun in a
prom picture with his daughter and her
boyfriend is a joke yes to explain that
to all of these people that again
already know they know that he's joking
which is the main reason why I think
there shouldn't be an explanation but
putting all that aside I think what we
really see here more than an attack on
guns
we see an attack on the role of fathers
because it's a it's a father's job to
protect and defend his family and he
ought to be protective and of his
daughter he ought to be protective of
her dignity and protective of her of her
innocence
obviously feeley's photo was a
deliberately cartoonish exaggerated
humorous depiction of that role it
wasn't supposed to be serious but what
we see is that feminists are mad or
pretending to be mad about the role
itself
they hate the idea that a man would
protect his family especially that he
would protect his daughter they hate
that idea so this again goes back to the
piece that I wrote a few weeks ago about
the challenges that men face in this
culture where a man really can't win
because a man who is not there for his
family a man who does not protect his
family does not defend his family a man
who has no problem with his daughter
shacking up with any old scumbag that
sort of man is still rightfully derided
and shamed in our culture but a man who
does the opposite the opposite sort of
man is also derided and shamed in our
culture
so again mad men are left saying well
what do you want me to do what exactly
am i how am I supposed to be what would
make you people happy now I don't ask
that because I don't care what makes
anyone set anyone happy but a man who is
um concerned with how society views him
is going to be very confused because
nomads literally no matter what he does
he's going to hear it and I'm not just
drawing
all of this from this one reaction to
this picture I'm drawing it from this
from society in general but there are
also plenty of other examples for
instance just look at if you really want
to get a headache okay if you if you
feel like having a migraine here's what
I recommend go on google and type in
father-daughter dance
just see all the blog posts that pop up
talking about how problematic and weird
and
this is a good example
innocent patriarch these little girls
on the man to ask questions and draw her
out this is 2017 and newsflash women
don't need men to do things for them we
don't need some big bad patriarchal
figure to hold the door or complement
our inner beauty we deserve men who are
equal partners who share life's journey
with us and who treat us as equals
daddy/daughter dates include and include
an implicit power dynamic and it's not
in favor of the girl I mean just imagine
okay imagine being the sort of person
who hears about a man taking his little
girl out on the father-daughter dance
and the first thing they think is
implicit power dynamic or imagine being
the sort of person who sees this you
know funny
nice cliched photo of jay Feely and sees
it as some kind of patriarchal
conspiracy and that he he thinks he owns
his daughter like a slave I mean this is
what I rely on estai pity I really have
a lot of pity for these people for
feminists and all these people in our
culture
because they live in such a miserable
world
I can't imagine living in the world that
they think we live in I can't imagine
having that mindset
so the question is why why are so many
people so hostile to the idea of a man
being a figure of protection or security
or authority in the home and I think
there are two reasons the first reason
is pretty simple we have to remember
that many feminists are feminists
because they had no father in the home
at least they didn't have a good father
that's not the case in all for all of
them of course it's theoretically
possible that a good father could
produce a feminist very unlikely
probably if your daughter ends up being
a radical feminist it means that you as
a dad screwed up big-time most likely
but I mean it is I'm saying it's
theoretically possible you gotta have a
good father because people you know
human beings make their own choices and
even a woman who's raised right could
end up unfortunately going down the path
of feminism so most of them had one way
or another absent fathers and there's
this certain kind of childish
self-centeredness that's really common
in our society where people insist on
spreading around their misery
and they came from broken homes so they
must attack and hate homes that are not
broken it's envy and it even goes a
little bit beyond envy actually because
a really envious person knows that he
doesn't have something and so he covets
the people who do have it but here
though well we see so often in our
society are people who don't have a
certain good thing in this case an
intact family and so they insist that
the thing must not be good so rather
than trying to have what other people
have they say well nobody should have it
but second the reason why people
especially feminists lash out at men who
protect and provide is is really this
and I've said it before feminists they
don't really hate masculinity I think we
have it wrong we don't really understand
the motivations behind modern feminism
and I and I say it myself just kind of
for lack just kind of for the sake of
argument or just it's sort of laziness
I'll say well feminists hate masculinity
because in a sense they do but I think
even deeper than that
they actually idolize masculinity so
it's more accurate to say they hate men
who are masculine
because they themselves want to be
masculine its masculinity itself as what
they idolize they want to be that so
they say well we don't need no man to
protect us
this is 2018 we don't need that because
they have idolized
the ability to protect they have taken
this and decided that well this is
everyone should have that ability they
want it for themselves
kind of physical masculine strength that
a man has they want it they hate it when
men show it because they want they have
idolized it they have said they have
decided that masculinity is really the
height of existence and that's why you
get all these silly movies with the
kick-butt female action hero so go
around beating up men and everything and
it's just again it's kind of this silly
childish thing that feminists do where
they say well men have all the action
heroes now we want some well one of the
reasons why men are the action heroes
and movies is because men are the action
heroes in real life and you're simply
not gonna get a woman who's running
around just hand-to-hand combat beating
up a bunch of strong beefy men that's
just that's that's not gonna happen
in real life and yeah it is a movie so
fictional things can happen but but
generally you want to move even an
action movie to be grounded in some
sense in reality so that's why typically
you don't have as many movies like that
but feminists covet the strength of men
they covet masculinity itself and they
want to have it or to use the common
phrase now they want to appropriate it
which is why if a woman had taken that
exact same photo that jay Feely took
holding the gun and everything feminists
would have celebrated it they would have
said it was the greatest thing ever
because they don't hate toxic
masculinity they just hate that men are
so much better at being masculine and
they think they're in a competition with
men
really in the end
we should stop saying that that
feminists hate masculinity what they
really hate is femininity
that's what they hate they hate
themselves they don't want to be
themselves they want to be men and so
they hate men who are men
um
because they see is some kind of
personal attack on them so that's what
lies underneath all this all this
controversy which as I said it's not
even a real controversy so maybe I
didn't even need to spend 20 minutes
explaining it but I just did so hope you
enjoyed it I'll talk to you tomorrow
have a great day everybody
you
you
