if the inevitable blue wave that we
always hear about comes in 2018 do you
think President Trump will go there
we'll end up going back to his Democrat
tendencies and govern from the left or
you think the media and the left have
pushed him too far well do you think
that inevitable blue wave in 2018 is
going to come after the inevitable
victory of Hillary Clinton in 2016 you
know that inevitable victory that a
study from Princeton University said was
going to happen with 99% certitude the
week before the election and then note
whoops it didn't and actually it was an
electoral landslide for Donald Trump
certainly history shows us that
Democrats should retake the house if not
all of Congress this cycle that's just
sort of what happens and Donald Trump
has a lot of forces against him yes more
opposition than your average president
so that should happen that said I'm not
really convinced that it will or that
it'll be some wave what they do on the
left is they use the vehicles of the
mainstream media that we can't get
access to and they use public opinion
polls and they use commentary to shape
public opinion they say it's inevitable
it's inevitable Republicans don't even
why would you even bother going out to
vote don't even bother
it's a waste of gas you know gas is
expensive stay home that's fine then a
drink then we win and we all go out and
vote and then we win so I'm not I'm not
convinced of that premise if if the
Democrats retake the Congress or
something and Donald Trump feels he has
to move more to the center to govern I
suppose that would be possible but I
don't give Democrats enough credit for
that because that would be the smartest
thing they could possibly do is to try
to make a deal with Donald Trump and be
nice to him and compromise and have an
art of the deal but they're just too
thick for that they just won't do it
they hate him in such a bizarre visceral
irrational screaming no kind of way that
I don't think they could bring
themselves to do it and moreover I don't
think their base would allow them to do
it
they've ginned people up into hysteria
for so long hysteria that proved
completely pointless and untrue and
unfounded and I don't think they're
gonna be able to pull them back to any
practical
governing coalition
