our free and equal segment tonight a
major win for life in the state of
Tennessee the state is officially
defunding the nation's largest abortion
provider Planned Parenthood Governor
Bill Haslam signed into law a bill that
will strip Planned Parenthood and other
abortion providers of state funds the
state will now request a waiver from the
federal government to stop funds from
Tennessee's Medicaid program from going
to facilities that provide abortion so
how can Republican congressman in DC say
the defunding Planned Parenthood is an
unreasonable goal when Tennessee has
proved it is possible with me now
contributor to The Daily wire Alecia
Kraus Alecia good to see you good to see
you thanks for having me Alicia my first
reaction to this story was to point to
Congress and say see see how easy this
is it can be done you can do this just
set your mind to it and get it done it's
also not the end of the world I mean
people who still need provisions that
Planned Parenthood claims that they give
so much of like actual mammograms breast
exams birth control pills and STD
testing can still get that funded if
they're unwell fair through the state's
Health Department
they're gonna send those funds instead
of supplying that to Planned Parenthood
or people being able to go to a Planned
Parenthood clinic and then Planned
Parenthood building the state government
people will just go to the state
directly for that money themselves in
addition to that it's not the end of the
world even though Tennessee's Planned
Parenthood clinics would have you think
that there's only for Planned Parenthood
clinics in the entirety of the state
half of them actually are in Memphis
which is interesting because it I think
it shows that they continue to target
minority and poverty enriched areas of
course Memphis Tennessee is over 60%
black population and then the other two
locations are near college centers which
of course is where they're going to be
rampantly used there's so there's four
planned Planned Parenthood clinics in
the entirety of Tennessee a state which
I am loved and very familiar with to
over 20 conservative pro-life Christian
faith blood crisis type pregnancy
centers that offer all of those same
services to women for free
