you know I think Cuomo is just trolling
me practically he's I was going through
New York State I was in New York for
like six hours and he decides hey I'm
gonna spring all the jails so we can get
somewhere Democrat voters it really did
get me thinking this is what the
Democrats rely on they rely on felons
and foreigners and children I spent at
least ten minutes this morning trying to
make that alliteration work like felons
and foreigners and fetuses or something
like that
but we all know the Democrat party's
relationship to fetuses that is not
exactly in the base so it couldn't work
but they are relying on all those three
we'll talk a little bit about how
they're doing that the the main thing
we're seeing here is just a total
subversion of the law the law in New
York is if you're add on parole right
you've been convicted of a felony and
you're on parole you don't get to vote
that's how it works your actions have
consequences and if you're gonna commit
felonies then you you lose some
privileges of citizenship but Andy Cuomo
doesn't like that now he's not gonna go
in and change the law that would be too
democratic that would be too too much
law and order that would be too
civilized instead what he's going to do
this is what he said he goes quote it is
unconscionable to deny voting rights to
New Yorkers who have paid their debt and
re-entered society why why is that first
of all they haven't repaid their debt
they're out on parole parole is when you
get out a little early you get out
temporarily you do you actually have not
paid your debt to society so even on the
premise he's wrong
