Kanye was in the Oval Office this
morning this was such a what I can't
look I wish I could turn off my show
today and we just watched the Kanye
press or the whole thing and we still
wouldn't have enough time we'd still
have to do another show tomorrow
it is so phenomenally good it is one of
these things you watch it you just I
know some conservatives are still doer
and pessimistic for some reason watching
this and just imagine you today telling
you three years ago that this would be
happening but the biggest pop star in
the world the biggest popular musician
probably on planet earth would be
wearing a Maggie hat in the Oval Office
talking about how great the Republican
administration is and making fun of
liberals with that language you wouldn't
believe it but it's happening it's how
you know we're living in the matrix a
matrix rather without further ado Kanye
West take it away and that's a move one
of the moves that I love that liberals
tried to do the liberal would try to
control a black person through the
concept of racism because they know that
we are very proud of emotional people so
when I said I like Trump to like someone
that's liberal they'll say oh but these
racist you think races okay control me I
will stop an invisible wall you have one
question we don't go to another question
I answered your question
I don't answer question it's a simple
assignment soundbite you you are tasting
a fine wine it has multiple notes into
it you better play for each s with me
like
oh I'm tasting a fine wine - mm-hmm
that's the fun wine from MSNBC in the
media melting down and I love it by the
way these guys remember Kanye West said
he and Trump have dragon energy they're
like they really do they do share
something together watching them sit
across from each other in the Oval
Office it's like seeing double if I were
a lefty and I went in there I wanted to
go get Donald Trump I wouldn't know
which one to shoot I'd say oh no which
is the real Trump I again there they're
like such similar people and they have
such the same approach when you go out
there and you say you try to shame them
you try to get them to change their mind
you try to get them to stop saying what
they want to say they just flat-out say
no they'll double down on what they're
saying you know Kanye West said you
think that by using the word racist you
can control my actions use it well ain't
gonna happen I was talking last week
about how rapists is the new racist it's
just the way that the left tries to
control you and pressure you into cow
telling - there will it used to be they
call perfectly good people racists with
no evidence now they're calling them
rapists with no evidence and some
squishy conservatives they say oh no I
don't want them I oh I don't want MSNBC
to call me something bad no no Donald
Trump he don't care
Kanye West he don't care they're sitting
there in this room arms crossed come at
me so beautiful he got so much pushback
what did he do he tightened his mag a
cap on his head and he stir he's going
out there saying you know what liberals
do like he's doing a stand-up routine
absolutely beautiful stuff
