hi I go to an all-girls school in New
Jersey I'm a junior in high school
it's an extremely liberal school and I
have friends who openly talk about how
they would never talk or associate
themselves with people who vote for
Trump so I was wondering how you would
suggest I get my opinion out there and
have a conversation in that kind of
environment yeah it's a difficult
especially in high school high school is
not known for being the most reasonable
place on earth you know it's a little
clicky and a little catty and so you
might be out of luck unfortunately for
the the near future but you bring up a
great point which is that they'll say I
don't know anyone who voted for Trump I
won't talk to anyone who voted for Trump
I'm gonna unfriend you on Facebook if
you voted for Trump and there are
studies about this leftists unfriend
conservatives and bloc conservatives on
social media three times as much as
conservatives do that to lefties
Jonathan Hite studied this a few years
ago and it was even reported in the New
York Times which is that conservatives
understand the left-wing point of view
conservatives understand lefties but
lefties don't understand conservatives
because conservatives view the world in
different categories in in more
categories whereas the left has a more
narrow view of the world so what I would
recommend to you a high school junior
we're surrounded by all of these other
high school juniors is you've got to
treat those little children like
children you have to be the adult and
you have to treat them like children I
don't mean that you have to smack them
around like punch them in the face that
is not what good parents generally do
they don't like torture their kids but
they have to be a little firm they have
to be loving they don't love their
countrymen on the Left they think their
deplorable an irredeemable but we should
love our country
I do love my countrymen and I want them
to do better and see the world better
and have a better life because they look
miserable all the time don't they
they're shrieking and they're shouting
they wear those ridiculous hats and they
yell profanities all the time and when
Donald Trump was elected that woman in
the video that was going around and said
no
so delicious I'm sorry I'm going great
getting distracted here we have to we
have to do that you you need patience
you need a saintly patience and you have
to not be afraid unfortunately when you
have an environment that toxic when you
have a leftist culture that toxic where
it's that cultish by the way where they
say we won't associate unless you're in
our group we won't talk to you that
means you're gonna lose friends and
that's sad that's a really sad thing but
you the truth above all things and I and
it's you know you're attending lectures
at the University of Pennsylvania as a
junior in high school so you're probably
a fairly mature yourself and I bet you
can handle it
