as always it is a busy news day and I
have a lot to talk about particularly
with regard to the Starbucks fiasco I
just hate how the media covered these
racial incidents without actually
waiting to hear all the facts without
waiting to see if there's any additional
evidence the immediate jump to
conclusions is pretty astonishing I want
to start today with the situation over
at Starbucks this has now become a
national issue so Starbucks is supposed
to shut down every one of its stores for
a day next week because there was
apparently an incident in which two
black guys were to Philadelphia
Starbucks and sat down and the manager
asked them if they wanted to buy
anything and they said no and according
to them at this point she called the
police according to her they
continuously refused to leave they were
they were they were just boy Turing and
she called police the police came the
police apparently asked these guys to
leave the guys refused over and over at
which point the police arrested them so
Starbucks has of course apologized for
the incident the woman in question has
not been fired she apparently no longer
works at this store which makes me a
little suspicious it does make me a
little suspicious it makes me a little
suspicious that Starbucks didn't just
fire the lady if they actually thought
that there was a deeply racist incident
that had happened you would imagine that
they would get rid of the lady for
simple legal reasons having this woman
hanging around if she actually was
participant in a racial incident seems
like really stupid stupid policy but
Starbucks didn't get rid of her which
leads me to believe there might be a
little bit more to the story so today I
want to go through the media hubbub
about all of this and I want to ask a
few simple questions that are all
answerable this is not true thering I'm
not saying I don't believe I don't
believe these guys story I'm just saying
that I want to see the evidence on all
sides and I don't think that that's
unreasonable so for example the the guys
go on Good Morning America the two black
fellas going on Good Morning America and
they're being given national coverage
for an incident in which they were
threatened with arrest for apparently
sitting in a Starbucks for no reason and
the tape was originally taken by a woman
that by a couple of different people who
are at the Starbucks a new claim that
they saw this racial incident unfold
when the guys asked to use the bathroom
they were told they couldn't use the
bathroom because they hadn't bought
anything and then they refused to buy
something and the manager whose name is
Holly apparently called the police for
loitering so here is a little bit of the
of the ABC News exclusive interview with
these two guys now again I have to point
out that this is being
wildly overblown okay the lady is
presumably being punished the the
Starbucks has apologized they're
shutting down their entire entire
company for a day to teach about
implicit bias
