I believe in the statement that if you
want to end racism then stop talking
about race yeah so the question is why
does the left and Hollywood and focus so
much on race if it's not to end racism
then what do they hope to achieve oh
well I think power you know I mean I
think it's it's kind of it's a it's a
philosophy of dividing us and basically
telling each group of us that they're
going to help us as a group so they put
you in a grievance group and then they
serve your grievance our philosophy is I
agree with you the way the way you stop
having injustice is to start being just
right and the way you are just as you
treat everybody fairly everybody who
walks up to you is the same person you
know the same just let just show me what
you can do just show me who you are
and that's how I'm gonna treat you and
that is the way forward and it's the
only way forward because we can't make
the past
disappear so I really do believe that
their philosophy is app as a power play
you know why do you do it because people
because there is a history of racism in
this country people feel felt very
guilty about it and the left manipulates
it and uses it I think Barack Obama was
a past master at this I think his
presidency was a failure and I think he
used race to basically shut people up
about it and I think that it's to me
it's a slimy thing to do you know I mean
I just think this is the beautiful thing
about this country it really is I mean
walk into any Airport look around you
know the world doesn't look like there's
only America still looks like this you
know and and we pulled it off and
they're trying to move us back
everything they call it progressiveness
progressive but everything they do is
regressive you know it's tribal it is
separating people you know we we had
this great new idea which is e pluribus
unum out of the many will make one their
ideas let's take that apart again like
nobody's ever tried that before but it
works it works it gets them the power
they need thank you
