finally my favorite one is cultural
appropriation cultural appropriation is
the best thing about America cultural
appropriation is one of the best
inventions ever ok America when we talk
about American exceptionalism people
think that means America is the best it
doesn't it doesn't it means America is
different every other country is
invented was invented on a racial basis
every single other one France as France
because the Franks live there Germany is
Germany because the Germans tribes lived
there English England is England because
the angles lived here only this country
was invented on an idea a Creed it's a
cradle country come into our country
legally adopt our Creed bring the
spaghetti that's it that's it
dot you know anybody can be an American
five minutes after you're here I lived
in England for seven years I could have
lived there 107 years I never would have
been an Englishman but you get off the
boat here you sign the card you adopt
you swear to the Constitution you're an
American you know we want we you owe us
your food you owe us your funny hats we
get to dress up as you on Halloween and
you get to be free it's a great deal of
cultural appropriation
