welcome everybody thanks for watching
welcome to the the car cast as I call it
now and hope you've had a great morning
so far so you've probably noticed that
over the last several decades or so our
country has developed a system and it's
a really stupid system but it's our
system and it works like this virtually
every eighteen-year-old to graduate high
school no matter what their strengths
are no matter what the weakness is no
matter what they want to do with their
life even if they have no idea what they
want to do with their life it doesn't
matter what we say to all of them no
matter what is you should all go to a
four-year college you should all go and
spend seventy thousand dollars or more
buying this education and then you're
gonna spend the next four years or
longer hanging out at an institution of
higher learning where yeah you'll go to
class and you'll take some tests but
most of the time you'll be partying
drinking playing beer pong having sex so
it'll be kind of like a fun vacation and
once you emerge from that at the age of
22 23 24 25 you will be drowning in a
river of debt and booze but you will
have no practical experience doing
anything of value you will not have
you'll you will not have learned how to
live as an adult you want to pay bills
you know you won't be you won't be doing
all the things that you that you do when
you when you live on your own not in a
dorm room or something so you're not
gonna have any of those skills but
you'll have no skill whatsoever but you
will have this piece of paper that you
drove yourself into debt to acquire and
this is how young adults are emerging
into the world and we consider it
perfectly normal emerge finally into the
world with no experience no skill
nothing on the resume but with a
mountain of debt and a piece of paper
but what happens what do we find because
we've pushed everyone into this field
and so everyone's coming out with a
degree with a four-year degree so it
doesn't really mean anything anymore
all it means if you have a four-year
bachelor's degree it doesn't mean that
you accomplished anything it doesn't
mean you're particularly smart I mean no
offense those who have it but it doesn't
it doesn't actually all it means is that
you were able to stay in college until
eventually you got the degree it doesn't
it didn't require necessarily a lot of
work or intelligence or or or fortitude
to to purchase it just basically
required money which you didn't have but
you took the debt anyway so people are
going out there emerging into the to the
working world and discovering that well
this piece of paper doesn't really
amount to much won't get me a job so
then you go back to school to get
another degree hoping that the debt from
that degree will pay off the debt from
the first degree that did you nothing
and if that doesn't work then go back
for another degree and basically just
stay in school until you're 75 and what
do we do we just continue to fortify and
to reinforce this artificial societal
construct we hear a lot about artificial
social constructs well gender is not a
social construct but this is it's a
social construct that we've created now
where you basically have to have a PhD
in like psychology in order to get a job
working in the HR department at a target
school a Target store
you don't actually need now that's it
that's an artificial need we have
created an artificial need for a degree
you don't actually need a business
degree to go sit in the cubicle and type
information into a computer all day you
could learn how to do that in in one
evening you know you could go you could
spend three hours one evening and they
could give you the basics of it and you
can learn the whole job you don't need
four years in the degree to figure that
out so for the the massed vast majority
of jobs that require a four-year degree
the requirement is artificial we've just
decided that you need it but you don't
actually need it now ironically as we
have inflated this artificial need for a
degree colleges have become or should be
becoming more and more irrelevant
because the actual act of Education that
is acquiring knowledge well that you can
do more and more on your own human
beings are more empowered now than ever
before to acquire knowledge completely
on their own
because what we all have is we all have
this we have this thing this device and
we carry around in our pocket and yes it
can be a portal into a into a cesspool
of Filth and stupidity but if we use it
the right way with discipline it can
also give us access to basically the
accumulated knowledge of all mankind all
of the knowledge and information in the
world you have in your pocket whatever
information or knowledge you can acquire
at college I can find it here or in a
book at a library it hasn't always been
that way but now it is but as college
should be more irrelevant than ever
made it artificially more relevant than
ever so that's basically you know that's
the that's the system that we've
established and there are many problems
with this system I have criticized in
many different ways and we could talk
about all those aspects I'm sure I'll
talk about them again in the future but
what I want to focus on now is you know
the the biggest problem with the system
that we have in place now of requiring
everyone to go to these colleges it's
not even the financial aspect it's not
that these degrees are basically
worthless now it's not that the biggest
problem is at least from the perspective
of a Christian the biggest problem is
what the college system is doing to the
souls of our children the college system
is in the education system generally not
just the colleges they are destroying
the souls of our children
our surrendering our kids into the hands
of lunatics and our kids are paying a
price for that and it's a price much
steeper than tuition
now the latest example of this from a
couple of days ago I wrote about
yesterday I'm sure you saw this woman
named the Ron de girar she's a professor
at Fresno State excuse me she's an
English professor and she was gloating
on Twitter over the death of Barbara
Bush she said she's a you know Barbara
Bush is a piece of ass a racist someone
and so forth which there's nothing
remarkable about a mentally ill Twitter
troll using the death of a famous person
to get attention but in this case it's
especially disturbing because she's a
professor not just the professor but
she's an English professor
apparently yet she's ranting and
tweeting with terrible grammar and
punctuation she's tweeting these insults
and a 92 year old dead woman and this is
not new territory for Fresno State by
the way last year just last year a
different professor got into trouble
because he tweeted that Trump must hang
and there are many many more examples of
left-wing lunacy from college professors
and we could be here all day listing all
of them because there are hundreds of
examples a day because liberal
professors outnumber according to them
to the latest survey on this liberal
professors outnumber conservative
professors by a ratio of twelve to one
which is not surprising but still
incredible twelve to one they outnumber
conservatives
so again the question
why are we sending our kids to these
institutions
why are we spending exorbitant amounts
of money for the privilege of having
them in these tinny in these
institutions what why are we paying tens
of thousands of dollars a year for Ron
de girar think about that if you're
sending your kid to Fresno State you are
paying all of that money for Rhonda
Gerard and her ilk now there are some
good colleges yeah there are a few good
colleges but the issue is that we as
Christians we are not relegating
ourselves and our children to those few
good colleges if we did these liberal
colleges wouldn't exist
they couldn't exist without us we're
keeping them in business we're handing
over we're heading just hand-over-fist
we're giving them tons of cash to keep
them in business we are trying our
hardest to keep these schools and
business I shared with you in the piece
yesterday a woman emailed me just last
week I get emails like this all the time
and I feel bad when I read them but it's
also a little frustrating I got a I got
a email from a woman who's very
distraught because her son who was
raised Christian she thought he was a
you know good solid Christian sends him
off to UCLA after two years at UCLA he
is now a liberal atheist not a huge
surprise as I said I feel bad for her I
pray for her son but it does
the question why did you send your son
to UCLA
what what good possibly could have come
of it
I'm not talking about what good it could
have done to his career or his resume
and even there it's it's dubious
but what good will it do for his soul is
the question
this is the thing that we should be
focused on as parents
you know our primary job is to protect
the souls of our kids and to fortify
them in their faith
to try to make of them virtuous people
that's our primary job the education
system and especially a lot of these
colleges they are they are determined to
do the opposite they are determined to
take your kid and to undo everything you
have spent the last 18 years doing
why would you why would you not only
willingly accept that but pay them to do
it
just understand this college is never
gonna become cheaper it's never gonna
become less artificially necessary
schools will never stop being hot beds
of liberal insanity
until we show a willingness to stop
participating in this charade
the it people wonder well why is it you
know why are the colleges getting any
better why it's just getting worse and
worse they have no incentive to get
better we can complain all we want about
are the liberal bias on college campuses
complain all you want if you then turn
around and give them $50,000 and your
kid it won't matter your complaints mean
nothing
you know what they'll do they take your
money and your kid and they laugh in
your face
now I've heard all the
I've heard parents will say well you
know we got to fight the system and we
got to send our kids in there and
reclaim the system
you're not reclaiming the system by
giving them money and your kid let me
fight the system by giving them $50,000
I think we have a confusion here it's
like if you're fighting the enemy and
and so what you do is you you you you
carpet bomb them with just bags of cash
and you know food and weapons no that's
that's that's not how you fight the
systems you know what you do to fight
the system you take your money and your
kid out of it you starve it is what you
do and besides which because I know
people will say well you know what I've
I've raised my kid right he's 18 and so
you know I can send him into that
environment he can withstand it well a
couple of problems with that
the one that I already mentioned that
well that's not your your only
sustaining and feeding the system when
you do that you're contributing to the
problem you're giving the school no
incentive whatsoever to stop with the
liberal bias if they see that you just
going to give them your money anyway and
your kid what they have no incentive
number two education you know education
it's not just about giving information
it's not just about acquiring knowledge
it's also about forming human beings
Aristotle would have said that education
is about making virtuous people so it's
about forming people it's about forming
them in their virtue and forming a
belief system we could talk all we want
about how we want you know objective
education no bias that's impossible it
doesn't exist one way or another in
education is gonna have a worldview
attached to it so if you're spending all
of this money don't you want to spend it
so that your kid is formed in the proper
worldview why would you spend it so
he'll be formed in a worldview at odds
with the one who tried to instill in him
that is the correct and truthful one
education should not be a war it should
not be an attack
why should it's not fair to our kids
that's our version of educating them is
just throw them into this environment
where they'll just be attacked non-stop
every second of the day from every angle
and they'll just be in and you'll just
be like torn to shreds and they'll just
have confusion and insanity heaped on
them that's not what education is
supposed to be yes eventually we are
supposed to be fortified enough in our
faith and in our knowledge that we can
go into the world and and fight you know
fight for Christ and Fright fight for
the truth education is supposed to form
is that supposed to help form us as the
kind of people who can go out and
complete that mission but if a person
has not been properly educated they're
not going to be formed enough to be the
salt and light in the world
and if a child's education or a young
adults education is against them is like
conspiring against them at all times
that's not an education that's going to
properly form them that's an education
where most of what they hear they're
gonna have to resist and reject but
that's not what education is supposed to
be not to mention the vast majority of
18 year olds no matter what you think of
your kid and I'm sure you have a
wonderful kid but
no matter what you think of your kid
the vast majority of them are not
equipped for just the onslaught of
hostility and temptation which is the
biggest part of this
they are not equipped for that they're
not equipped to - now live in this
environment of constant moral hostility
and and temptation they're not equipped
and the proof is in the pudding I mean
if it actually worked this way that you
know you send your kid to some liberal
cesspool and it helps to form them as
strong fiery Christians if that actually
worked then I should be able to look
around and see a culture filled with
strong fiery Christians that's not what
I see I see the vast majority of
Christians who go into college and come
out like this woman's son come out
basically liberal atheists that's what
happens with most of them so this plan
of you know send them in and trial by
fire it's not working it has not worked
maybe we need to rethink this plan a
little bit what let me ask you would you
send your son into a strip club to hand
out tracts
what would you say well you know I trust
my son here you go here you go he's 18
years old here you go here's some tracks
going to that strip club and hand them
out to the certainly there are a lot of
people inside that strip club who are
lost and who need to hear the truth of
Christ would you send your son in if you
would I would say you're crazy
there is a much much much greater chance
that that this occasion for sin that you
have just tossed him into will claim him
and destroy him there's a much greater
chance of that then there is that he
will you know convert all the heathens
in the strip club
our first job as parents is not to the
world it's not to society it's not to
the system it's not you know it's not
that we should our first job is not to
make sure that our kids can compete in
the global marketplace our first job is
to our children's souls
now personally I don't care if my kids
six-figure salaries I don't care what
they do for a living
as long as it's moral I honestly don't
I'm being now I know my kids are young
you can say it's easy for me to say fine
hold me to it
down the line I really don't care if my
kids end up doesn't matter to me I
really don't care they get a blue-collar
job they get a customer service job they
get a job that pays them a million
dollars a year doesn't matter
I'd probably prefer one of the other two
options because a million dollars a year
I mean we're told in the gospel and it's
very difficult for a rich man to get to
heaven
which I don't care about that my dream
for their lives has nothing to do with
income or social status or any of that I
just want them to be good Christians
especially when I look at this world and
I look at the culture and I look at all
of these
kids whose parents thought that they
were going out to be salt and light in
the world but actually quickly defected
and became one of the heathens when I
look at that I say you know I I just
want my kids to be good Christians if
that's all they ever become well then
they will be far greater successes than
the vast majority of their peers
there are a few colleges I'm not saying
there are no colleges there are a few
colleges that could potentially help
them in that pursuit this pursuit of
holiness which is what we're supposed to
be pursuing as Christians and I would
consider spending money I would consider
spending a lot of money on on a school
like that but I wouldn't spend a single
dime
on one of these liberal schools which is
most of them
I would spend every dime I have to keep
them out of that school
a school like that
I just I feel increasingly that it's
it's just not fair
what we're doing to our kids and what
we're expecting of them
throwing them into the culture without
any preparation at all and just saying
well you figure it out you know this is
a whole different topic
so I'll probably leave this for it for a
different video but Christians today in
this culture are they it seems like we
are so terrified of extricated ourselves
and so resistant to the idea that we
should extricate ourselves from any
aspect of the culture whatsoever
if you try to as a Christian family if
you try to establish any barrier of
separation at all between yourself and
the world you're gonna have all these
other Christians saying ah stop you
can't put them in a bubble in the world
not of the world
and so what do they do they can they
send their kids to the liberal schools
they let their kids watch whatever they
want on TV listen to whatever music they
want do whatever they want online watch
whatever movies I mean their kids just
are completely immersed in the culture
the parents making no effort to insulate
them whatsoever which they claim they
pretend is well I'm trying to equip them
from the world no you're just lazy is
what you are you're just lazy and also
you are addicted to those things in the
world and and so you don't want to cut
any of that off but this is it's it's
that's a crazy strategy
we need to have if you want to call it a
bubble call it a bubble I don't care we
need to have a protective bubble of
sorts around our kids while they are
kids and while we are raising them and
bringing them up in the faith all right
we'll leave it there thanks for watching
everybody I'll talk to you tomorrow
you
