how's it going on I'm Zane Courtney and
I'm actually a film major here at GCU
if that's not funny enough and so as a
as a content creator as a guy who you
know maybe wants to go to Hollywood or
New York or someone like that to be a
Christian influence for these people you
know what does a guy like me have to
bring to the table so that we're not
just these Jesus Jesus kind of people
right right to be able to to relay and
to actually expose the kingdom of God as
it exists on earth right so what would
you say to a content creator who really
wants to be that light in a in a you
know realistic way what well first of
all I think that you cannot be we're not
one of the problems that insurgent
movements have whether it's conservatism
which is now kind of that cool is now a
conservative kind of the rebels you know
or Christian Christians trying to move
on one of the problems that insurgent
movements have is a kind of secret hope
that the people that they're trying to
kill will love them so we call it being
John McCain you know if when when you
secretly are hoping that the New York
Times will love you for pointing out
that the New York Times is the worst
paper on earth right but but you're
secretly hoping they'll do a feature
about you you know the movie business
which I've worked in extensively at this
point it is pretty much as bad as you
think it is and it's incredibly hard to
get into and everybody wants to do it so
when you go in and say oh and I'm a
Christian conservative you're done right
you're toast
however however you notice they don't
censor movies they Center YouTube why
because YouTube is the culture Twitter
is the culture there are all kinds of
ways now that people can make culture
without going through the mainstream and
so what I would say to you is forget the
mainstream you know build a culture you
know i weirdly I have been on the
cutting edge of all these things I did
an app with a movie in it right and the
app every three days the next chapter of
the movie would show up in your phone as
a ghost story called haunting Melissa
and your phone would go unless and every
time it happened I go like
terrifying I mean that stuff takes money
but there are people willing to give the
money and some of it doesn't take money
you know ultimately I hate to say this
because it's such a cliche but if you
build it they will come they the the
movie business is dead
the movie business is virtually a
charity at this point TV is dying for
content if they see something good on
YouTube they will come after you
