but first I want to tell a joke it's an
old joke and many of you may some of you
may have heard it but it makes a really
important point it actually is a has a
lot to do with what I want to say guys
going to a job interview and it's the
big job right it's the job he's wanted
all his life and it's another job like
this and come up for 20 years and he's
all set he's primed he's dressed he's
drives to the office building and he
can't find a parking space he drives
around he drives around the block and he
realizes he's going to be late for this
interview he's gonna lose this job and
he starts to sweat he starts to pray he
says Lord if you will send me a parking
space I will do whatever you want
I will go to church every Sunday for the
rest of my life you will send me a
parking space I'll give a tenth of every
penny I earn for the rest of my life to
charity I'll raise my children in the
faith I'll volunteer my time I'll be
faithful suddenly he's driving by the
front of the building and a car pulls
out and a parking space opens up he says
oh never mind Lord there's one now
that's exactly where we are in what in
Western cultures relationship with
Christianity Western culture is formed
as we know it is formed by Christianity
it starts out as a bunch of diverse
tribes and nations called Christendom it
is the people who believe in Christ and
everything you think and everything the
people who disagree with you think and
everything we fight about and ever all
our values and all the things we look
for and you think are good and
everything we think it is to be a human
being was all formed by the Christian
Church and the result is that you are
living in the freest richest healthiest
least depressed most fair civilization
that has ever existed on the face of the
point of the planet
I mean people talk about all of theirs
microaggressions and there's you know
all kinds of terrible problems I can't
use the bathroom the girls bathroom if I
want to this is the fairest richest
freest healthiest place that has ever
existed for millennia people with
literal shackles on their wrists women
watching their babies die of things that
we can cure now with a pill whole races
of people who lived and died face down
in the dirt with the boot of power on
the back of their neck looked up to
heaven and said please Lord send us a
culture like this one and here it is in
our attitude is oh never mind Lord
there's one now
