here is the moment we are at okay and it
makes me very optimistic our a theists
friends who are running the culture have
ceased to make sense that's what happens
when you pull the bottom block out of
the jungle our Falls downright they are
talking utter nonsense when they say to
you there's no such thing as right and
wrong therefore if you judge another
culture you're wrong yeah well if
there's no such thing as right or wrong
why shouldn't I judge another culture
you say well you have to respect every
culture well my culture is the culture
that doesn't respect your culture you
have to respect my culture not
respecting your culture they're not
making any sense they sit around then
they say men and women are completely
the same the internal life of a man and
the control life of a woman completely
the same you know I think okay I've
lived a long time that's not the way it
looks to me but you know great believe
what you want but then they say oh you
know I'm I'm a woman in a man's body
you say well if there's no difference
how do you know how do you know yes if
men and women are exactly the same what
would it be like to be a woman in a
man's body would just be like being a
man in a man's body you know they're
just the same they're not making any
sense
