my question is you talked a lot about
about religious culture and I think that
in in terms of that culture war we do
have a chance but in terms of pop
culture I hate to say it a different way
but we're not cool we're just not cool
on TV we're not cool in the movies you
know it's like in in grade school when
the cool kids were deciding what could
and what couldn't be said that's that's
still what's going on except now they're
tenured professors and CNN news anchors
so what can we do in terms of like I
think we have good content but the
rapping
something is going is going wrong with
the presentation and I know I'm asking
this of a guy who who titled a book
werewolf cop but you know but so what
can we do in terms of that and also what
does seem to be cool is this pseudo
intellectualism so how can we combat
that and how can we also kind of be cool
in the pop culture right a great
question first you got to stop trying
nobody's cool if they try that's the
first thing but the other thing is this
when you look at the history of the arts
and this is something I've studied and
thought about my whole life different
arts rise up at different times right
now it's a golden age of television you
know you can turn on television see some
actual great works when I was a kid
novels were a big thing now they're not
you know movies in the 30s I mean you go
back and look at 1939 almost every great
movie was made in 1939 art forms rise at
certain times because of what you just
said because the elite kids the cool
kids do not make any sense that's why I
do satire I didn't start out as a
satirist but I do satire because they're
hilarious I mean you really don't have
to write it you just report it you just
report what they're saying anytime you
make people laugh you're cool I mean
anytime you can make and they're just
buffoons they're knuckleheads and so you
can just make people laugh by making fun
of what's going on I mean look I think
good you know that the good adventure
stories are great obviously the super
heroes are a big deal I'm not a big
superhero fan but that's a big deal
there's a lot of really interesting
stuff being done in science fiction
now because technology is increasing to
a point where our humanity is threatened
and so that creates these kind of philip
k dick situations of what happens if
they implant the false memory in you
what happens when they can actually turn
a man into a woman then what happens you
know what happens if they transport you
to another place but you're still in
this place there's all kinds of stories
to be told that can be answered through
a spiritual perspective and you just
have to find the what the way to speak
it really is you just have to find the
way to speak but it cannot be it cannot
be that the cool kids are going to talk
crap forever and get away with it that's
not what's going to happen
