welcome to the show everybody thanks for
watching or listening however it is that
you're consuming this thank you for
doing that
if you are watching you can tell already
that I have chosen an especially scenic
spot for my car cast which by the way is
what I'm calling it now my car cast this
morning I'm in a parking garage right
next to an overflowing trash can which
I'm not sure if you can see that in the
shot or not but it's you know I just I
thought I'd really like some beautiful
scenery this time mixing it up a little
bit now there's a protest taking shape
for next Monday that I want to talk
about it some called the sex ed sit out
sex Edie sit out say that five times
fast and parents across the country are
being encouraged by the organizers of
this protest to keep their kids home for
the day in order to make a statement
about the degenerate disgusting perverse
sex ed classes that are so common in
schools nowadays I think it's a great
idea I like the idea of the protest my
only problem with it is that I think
it's a little bit too short I think it
should last a little longer like for
instance it should last forever
maybe I mean yeah keep your kids home
from public school but don't send them
back the next day never send them back I
think is what that's that's the protest
that we really need to organize but this
is a good first step it's a baby step
and that's good and it's it's very
needed it's warranted it's about time
that parents are taking a stand against
this because sex ed has really devolved
in our country into an abomination and
no age group is safe anymore it used to
be at least that the degenerates who
come up with these with these sex ed
curricula they would at least hold off
until the kid was 13 14 15 but now they
don't even do that anymore so kids in
the eighth you know it's second third
grade sometimes younger sometimes
kindergarten they're being indoctrinated
brainwashed into far-left
gender theory and everything else and as
the kids grow older the sex ed becomes
more and more pornographic more and more
stur being because what we're doing with
kids what what they're doing with kids
in public school it's not they're not
educating them with sex ed this is about
grooming they're grooming them much like
a sex predator does with a child they're
grooming conditioning the children and
so once they get into middle school in
high school then they're gonna start
school start working with Planned
Parenthood no problem there right I mean
that's not like that's a controversial
thing to do Planned Parenthood they only
kill three hundred and thirty thousand
babies a year but yeah bring them into
the school why not and so Planned
Parenthood comes in hands out condoms
and then the kids are taught about sex
toys and masturbation anal sex oral sex
bondage I mean these are all the things
that the kid that the schools are
presenting to children now when I talk
about this sometimes people will accuse
me of being opposed to sex ed in general
they say well it sounds like you don't
want any kind of sex ed Oh have you
picked up on that yeah that's actually
exactly how I feel you're exactly right
I want there should be zero sex ed in
the schools zero yes a child should
learn about the basics of Human
Reproduction a kid should know where
babies come from when it's the right age
to broach that subject that should be
broached but you can cover human biology
in biology class and you can cover
anatomy when human anatomy comes up so
that's and that's what those are the
realms where this discussion should be
had and it should never go beyond that
just present the basic facts of
reproduction leave it at that that's
what the schools should do they should
not take one step beyond the basic facts
of human reproduction public schools
ought to be a place of just pure
academics in terms of the things that
they're learning it should just be
academic and nothing else the stuff that
they learn in sex ed now this is
academic its doctrinal doctrinal as in
these are doctrines that are being
passed on to our kids the schools have
it's not that the schools have an idea
about the kind of knowledge that they
want kids to have or the sort of
information that they want kids to know
that of course is fine
no problem there the problem is when
schools get into their heads or get an
idea of the kind of people they want
kids to be and to become and the sorts
of belief systems and value systems that
they want kids to hold when they get
into that that's when we have problems
that's when you you you go from from
science like with sex and talking about
reproduction that's just a matter of
well here's some information here's some
here's some information that you should
know and just leave it at that but when
you go beyond that then you you you've
left science and then you ventured into
the realm of philosophy and so these sex
ed classes are really more like
philosophy classes really strange
bizarre gross philosophy classes because
it's a strange bizarre gross philosophy
but that's what it is
uh so yes it may be a teacher's job to
tell a kid about Anatomy or biology or
whatever else but it's not her job to
give a sermon on her personal views
about human sexuality or the proper
context for it she may hold the personal
conviction that sex is an appropriate
recreational activity for a
fourteen-year-old she's wrong about that
but the fact that she's wrong isn't even
the point
the fact is it's a personal conviction
it's not a scientific fact that's just
how you feel that's your value system it
has no place in the schools has no place
in the classroom leave it at home you
could teach your own kids that God
helped them but you can't teach my kid
that see the the left insists upon
separation of church and state but what
we come to realize is that what they
really mean is separation of the
Christian church and state but their own
church their own doctrines they very
much want that in the schools because
they do have their own they have their
Church of self worship their church of
which is really as I've said before
leftism is really secular Satanism so
it's really just a secular kind of a
secularized Church of Satan here's what
they ascribe to do what that will shall
be the whole of the law that is there
that's the Satanic motto just do what
you want you know and that's also the
model of liberalism because it's
Satanism and again they're they're free
to to have that view but that's a
religious view doesn't belong in the
school's gender fluidity is not science
it's a doctrine now the fact that men
have penises women have vaginas that's
science and yeah we should tell our kids
that but the idea that well a man could
have a penis but he feels like a woman
and so in some mysterious
incomprehensible way he even though
physically he's a man he still is in
some way a woman because he feels that
way it is I mean this is an intensely
spiritual view it's also intensely wrong
and insane but it's spiritual it is not
scientific it's not physical it's not
academic in the slightest
it doesn't belong in the schools the
idea that safe sex is better than
abstinence
that's a doctrine that's your personal
view not science doesn't belong in the
schools the idea that masturbation is
healthy and natural
that's a doctrine not science doesn't
belong in the schools
these things are doctrine
now to be clear I'm actually I'm not
advocating for abstinence education here
so-called AB much of the debate about
sex ed is well should it be absent in
sex ed or should it be this kind of sex
Edgewood it's basically hedonistic sex
ed or absent in sex ed now if I had to
choose between the two definitely
abstinence is better but the answer is
neither the correct answer is neither
because yeah I don't want the schools
teaching my kid how to have sex or wind
to have sex I also don't want the
school's teaching my kid how to avoid
sex that's not something that I want to
entrust to the school system that's not
an appropriate conversation for a
stranger to have with my child okay for
an adult who works in the school system
it's on either end of that spectrum it's
not an appropriate conversation for you
to be having with my kid and you know
the issue with abstinence education is
that abstinence education has to be
grounded in something deeper than just
scare tactics and STD statistics there's
a reason why you know there are parents
who in their homes they try to teach
abstinence and to tell their kids oh no
you know you don't want to have sex at
this age and oftentimes that that that
message just falls on deaf ears or the
kids listen to it and it just dissipates
very quickly and I think oftentimes the
the reason is that it's the message has
to be grounded in something more than
that you can't really give that message
in a totally secular way so for me when
I'm when I'm communicating this message
to my kids when they're old enough to
hear it the message will be grounded in
my views on marriage on love on loyalty
self-control virtue and faith now I
fully admit now the left won't admit
that their views on sex are you know
religious in nature but they are I fully
it I fully admit that my my views on sex
are informed
by my religious convictions and I'd make
no apology for that and that's why if
I'm trying to explain to my kids why
they shouldn't have sex before marriage
I mean I you know like yeah I can tell
them about STDs I can tell them about
different things like I can give them
all the practical reasons but the
message will it won't be as effective if
I don't also mention or if it's not in a
deeper sense grounded in the gospel you
know where there are a lot of reasons
not to have sex before marriage but the
real reason the fundamental reason is
that it's a sin it's wrong
it's not what God wants you to do and so
if you're trying to tell your kids about
sex and it discourage them from having
it but you're not saying that it's not
gonna work you haven't given them enough
of an incentive you just have him so but
no I I'm not saying that the school
should be telling that to kids I know I
don't want leave that to me I can do it
it's not for you so it's very simple how
much sexual guidance and instruction
should the government schools offer our
kids none what percentage of a child's
government education should be comprised
of sexual enlightenment 0% how many
times in a given day should the schools
talk to the kids about sex toys or
lubricant zero times zero point zero
never never bring it up it's not for you
to do so instead of arguing about what
the school should tell kids on the
subject of sex maybe we should consider
the possibility that a
government-controlled mass-produced and
disseminated curriculum about sex and
intimacy isn't necessarily the best way
to handle such a profound and personal
and important and intimate subject it's
not the way to do it
about hiding kids from sex it's not
about you know I'm not saying that we
should censor you know with learning art
that we should put bars over the penis
and the and the breasts and in a work of
art or anything like that I'm not saying
that what I'm saying is that a a a
lesson about sex that is rooted in
someone's doctrine and personal
convictions about the proper context for
sex you know the proper moral view of
sex that message does not belong in two
schools
on either end of the spectrum just leave
it alone you know it's interesting that
if if an adult came up to your child in
any other context like let's say at the
playground or something came up to your
13 year old lady 13 olds probably not
the playground but whatever if you're
walking down the street and an adult
some strange adult comes up to your 13
year old and says hey let's let's let's
talk about are you sexually active let's
talk about sex toys or here do you want
a condom remember practice safe sex
if adult did that in that context what
would you do you probably punch him in
the face and then call the police and
you'd be justified in doing so on both
counts but we've decided that it's okay
for teachers to do now this subject
belongs to parents it is their domain it
is not domain of the schools and I know
I know I often hear it argued that well
what if pet what if parents aren't
talking about it what if the parents
aren't doing their job you know what if
the parents were a lot of repairs
refused to talk to their kids about sex
because it's an awkward conversation
well that's unfortunate
it truly is unfortunate that so many
parents in our culture refuse to do
their job but the school system is not
a surrogate mother the school system is
not a foster home it's not even a
daycare center or it shouldn't be these
people that you send your kids to school
for they are not standings for parents
so there are certain things that if the
parent isn't going to do well then those
things just aren't getting done I guess
sadly I mean I also happen to believe
very strongly that it's a parent's job
to instill a moral foundation in the
child and to bring them up in the faith
and in the gospel I mean I firmly
believe that that's a parent so that
should be a parent's primary job is to
do that but if the parents not gonna do
it school system can't step in at least
a government school system can't
sadly in that case that's a job that
probably just isn't going to get done
there are certain jobs that either the
parent does it or really nobody does it
or the kid just figures it out on his
own which is not ideal but it's even
less ideal to take this subject from the
home and to place it in the hands of the
state because that's what we've done and
one more thought about that very quickly
because right if the parents won't do it
then what happens well the kids just
learn it from each other right they they
especially when it comes to sex they're
just gonna pick it up from the internet
and from each other and from peer
culture and they'll learn it that way
and so some people will argue that well
you know you can't have that I mean if
it's like if the parents won't do it
then they learn it from the peers I mean
then yeah you got to have the school
step in because it's better for them to
hear it from the schools than from their
peers but as I've already said it's
still not the school's job but even
aside from that the the message about
sex the sex ed in the schools has become
so vulgar and debased and just
devoid of any kind of sense of maturity
or responsibility that there's really no
difference between what they would hear
from their sex ed teacher in ninth grade
and what they would hear from their
ninth grade classmate you might they
might as well just hear it from us from
the kids at that point my point is it's
not like the schools have taken this
subject and elevated it and done
something more mature and responsible
with it then what then what the
classmates would already do the school's
message is basically yeah if you want to
have sex get out go have sex it's great
just put on a condom first well that's
what that's the kids the kids don't need
to hear that from the school they'll
just hear that from each other so by
this kind of by removing any sense of
morality or anything from the message of
sex
they've also removed any justification
for the sex ed programs even existing in
the first place
so let's just get rid of them teach the
kids the ABCs one two threes you know
have them read Shakespeare do all that
stuff science okay great the moment you
pull out the condoms you know you've
veered way way way off track but of
course I'm saying all this I realize it
doesn't matter the schools have become
more and more doctrinal as time has gone
on and that's not going to change so
it's great if you send your kids to
public school it's great that you're
taking a stand if you are taking a stand
I would definitely recommend it but I
think ultimately the only answer in the
end is just to get our kids away from
this system because it's just it's not
going to get any better
sadly and I'll leave it there on a
hopeful note have a great day everyone
I'll talk to you tomorrow
you
