people are saying that this is an
indication of a blue wave that's gonna
drown Republicans coming in November
there have been 20 Republicans in
Congress who have already said we're not
even gonna try to keep our seats we're
withdrawing we're retiring not not
necessarily resigning unless there's
scandals but saying that they're not
gonna run for re-election here what does
this tell you this far in advance if
anything
well that is that's what all the smart
people are saying that's what the
consensus all the polls don't worry
about even voting Republicans there's no
point to even do that you know I might
not be old enough to remember when Paul
Ryan was first elected to Congress but I
am old enough to remember the night
before the election in 2016 when there
was a highly touted Princeton University
survey of all the polls and it was a 99
percent chance over a 99% chance that
Hillary Clinton would win the presidency
and then nope didn't didn't happen did
it the history would show us that
Democrats are going to pick up seats in
the House probably history shows us that
they should win the house that said they
have to win 24 seats that's not
impossible but you know that isn't
necessarily an easy thing to do and also
Hillary only one 205 House districts in
2016 she only won 47 percent of them so
I'm not convinced that this is even
going to be a blue wave there as for the
Senate I think it's unlikely that
Democrats are going to win I think it's
highly unlikely
there are 26 Democrat seats in play I
think there were just eight Republican
seats in play and also a lot of the
Democrat held seats five of the Democrat
held seats now went to Donald Trump in
2016 so I think that's a little bit of a
fantasy I don't see them picking that up
that said the one way to guarantee that
this house goes blue you've got the
mainstream media against you you've got
the bureaucracy against you and you've
got politicians on both sides against
the conservative movement and
conservative voters the one way to
guarantee it goes blue is not to vote
conservatives should not get complacent
here there is a big threat coming on
there could be a blue wave and we need
to stand there like Morgan Freeman and
deep impact and say no to the way if
you're gonna hold it back I know and
that hopefully we don't end up like
Morgan Freeman in that movie and get
drowned out by it I think we have a good
chance
some 2019 so
