lot in the news obviously the media are
going absolutely apoplectic over the new
James Comey book which is supposedly
filled with bombshells there's only one
problem there are no bombshells in
former FBI director James Comey these
new book other revelations in the James
Comey book include this one this is just
what I what a self-serving a sad sack
James Comey is my goodness okay this is
a legit quote from the book Comey writes
that Obama President Obama sat alone
with him in the Oval Office in late
November and holds him quote I picked
you to be FBI director because of your
integrity and your ability I want you to
know that nothing Mullen has happened in
the last year to change my view on the
verge of tears Comey told Obama boy were
those words I needed to hear I'm just
trying to do the right thing I know
Obama said I know oh my god you really
really seem that oh well Obama said that
I'm a good guy
he said I'm a good guy I was I'm I
almost cried when he said I was a good
guy yeah okay other things that are
hilarious in this book
so apparently Comey says in the book
that he would that when he revealed late
in the election right ten days before
the election that Hillary Clinton there
reopening the email investigation
because Hillary's emails were found on
the computer of the of the accused child
pornographer Anthony Weiner
that when that happened Comey considered
the polling data or he might have
considered the polling data you thought
Hillary was so far ahead it won't matter
if I reveal this stuff now but if you
had thought that the election really
close maybe would have held until after
the election yeah that this is really a
guy who's just full-on credible I have
to say he is playing one of the great
scams I have ever seen I mean this is a
usual suspect level scam okay this is
this is a the sting level scam it's an
amazing scam how good is this scam James
Comey may have cost Hillary Clinton the
election hey James Comey and his late
breaking news in the election might have
cost Hillary Clinton the presidency and
now the only people who love him are the
people who voted for Hillary Clinton
that is an unbelievable scam I mean boy
oh boy if I could have thought of that
one Klaas Hillary the election and then
turn on trump and get all of the people
who hated you to buy your book and
declare you the most honest man in
politics what a beautiful scam that is
so apparently he also said in the book
that as a process
ughter he used to tell juries trying to
evaluate a witness that you can't
cherry-pick you can't say things like
he's saying that's about Trump I like
these things he said but I'm this he's a
dirty rotten liar you got to take it all
together so he got a rap Trump up into a
ball
and then take it all at face value okay
then why didn't you that with Hillary
Clinton why did you pick and choose
which facts you were to go over about
Hillary Clinton why is that a thing
by the way there is a serious question
as to whether James Comey has violated
his FBI review rules right he's actually
f but there are prohibited disclosures
by the FBI FBI employees shall not
disclose information that relates to the
substantive merits of any ongoing or
open investigation or case so all of the
said James Comey may still be in
violation of law so we'll have to see
how all of that shakes out well
President Trump has now responded to
James Comey and it is indeed hilarious
so here's President Trump's response he
tweeted out a couple of things about
James Comey and if you just think that
America you know somehow we ended up in
the alternative reality where Biff
actually used the sports book to bet on
games and then married Marty McFly's mom
and somehow he ended up in that time
line you would probably would not be
wrong because I mean this is a real
thing that is happening right now today
okay the President of the United States
tweeted this out first of all you have
the former FBI director accusing the
President of the United States of
possibly having being peed on by Russian
prostitutes even Lee has no evidence of
it and then jabbering ridiculously about
the president's hand sighs and then you
got the president so the president
sitting around the Oval Office and mr.
president just just look commis
imploding
okay just let him implode it's fine
everything's good just stop just that
but no president Trump has his head so
here's the president wrote pretty
fantastic Jim's coming is a broken
liquor and the liar virtually everyone
in Washington thought he should be fired
for the terrible job he did until he was
in fact fired he leaked classified
information from which he should be
prosecuted he lied to Congress under
oath he is a weak and in any continuous
untruthful slimeball who was as time has
proven a terrible director of the FBI is
handling the crooked Hillary Clinton
case capital C and the events
surrounding it will go down as one of
the worst batch jobs of history it was
my great honor to fire James Comey boom
roasted they didn't actually say boom
roasted but he probably should have
because I mean come on
first of all I'd slimeball untruthful
slime balls pretty good slime ball and
pee tape is gonna be a fantastic morning
show somewhere it's gonna be like
welcome the morning show with slime ball
and pee tape it's just this is our
politics now
