on Holocaust Remembrance Day a new
survey by claims conference finds that
many Americans are forgetting the
Holocaust 31 percent of Americans and 41
percent of Millennials believe that
fewer than 2 million Jews were killed in
the Holocaust when the actual numbers
around 6 million 41% of Americans and 66
percent of Millennials have no idea what
outfits was and 61 percent of all
Americans don't know that Hitler was
democratically elected we will take a
moment today in a very khofifah show to
recall not just the history of that
terrible event but the 2000 year record
of Germany being the worst country in
the history of the world
then the mailbag I'm Michael Knowles and
this is the Michael Knowles show
so much to get to today we have 2000
years of history that we have to get to
on why Germany is the single worst
country in the history of the world
before we do that I got to talk to you
about my body let's let's talk about our
bodies baby the so we got to keep the
lights on and we have to thank a
wonderful sponsor you know this I'm
getting married pretty soon and I got to
be shedding for the wedding you know
that I you know I kind of a Kevon I like
to eat a lot of meatballs and a lot of
hoagie sandwiches and so I've been
working at I don't want to go to a gym I
don't want to go and it like any of that
I do it straight from my home Beachbody
on demand gives you the best option for
this I don't fit in in the gym as you
might imagine this is not this doesn't
do a lot of well you know with all the
muscle men around me Beachbody on demand
is an easy-to-use streaming service that
gives you instant access to a wide
variety of super effective workouts you
can do from the comfort of your living
room 24/7 this thing is the best it is
so gyms or like so 20th century don't
there is no reason for them this is 2018
treat yourself right it has a history of
success it's the company behind p90x
insanity 21 day fix t25 Brazil Butt Lift
that's obviously that's my favorite one
piyo Hip Hop Abs 3.we yoga retreat and
more they have great trainers you'll get
motivated by celebrity trainers super
trainers like Shaun T chalene johnson
Tony Horton and autumn Calabrese
Calabrese Calibur let's a family name
for me too
there are hundreds of effective workouts
for all fitness levels ranging from
bodybuilding to weight training to
cardio to yoga even dance workouts again
that's great for me the one I actually
really like is p90x that's kind of like
the it's the most compact one I think or
you get the most bang for your minute
and obviously a paul ryan does p90x a
lot when he was running with Mitt Romney
he would have been the VP 90x
I really want you to try this service I
really want you to try it because come
on don't look like schlubs I want
Michael Nolt show viewers and listeners
to look like really hot cafe people so
try it out I'm telling you you'll get a
special free trial membership when you
text MKS to three zero three zero three
zero you'll get a free trial membership
just do it man come on
helps me help you I'd appreciate
MKS two three zero three zero three zero
you will get full access to the entire
platform for free all the workouts
nutrition information and support
totally free text MKS two three zero
three zero three zero okay let's get
into this country so a really terrifying
report that people are just forgetting
about the Holocaust this wasn't that
long ago I guess in a sense it's not all
that surprising it's been now 70 years
since World War two there aren't a lot
of survivors left either of the
Holocaust or of that war really
and of course Americans don't learn
history nevertheless I have been saying
this for a long time that people talk
about all these terrible countries in
the world and these threats and all that
that Germany is the worst most evil most
dangerous country in the history of the
world and nor MacDonald did a great bit
on a specific part of this on Dave
Letterman's I think on his last show
here's norm there is one country that
worries me though not Iraq not Iran not
North Korea the only country that really
worries me is the country of Germany I
don't know if you guys are history buffs
or not but
in the early part of the previous
century Germany he decided to go to war
and who did they go to war with the
world had never been tried before and so
you figure that would take about five
seconds for the world to win but no it
was actually close
then about then about 30 years pass and
Germany decides again to go to Oran
again it chooses as its enemy the world
and this time they have that guy strike
I actually that guy
I'm not even gonna dignify him by saying
his name but I think you know I've done
so norm as always is right and he's just
talking about this one little segment of
German history it actually wasn't just
the two world wars that is not the only
reason that Germany is the worst country
in the history of the world let's take a
quick look at the scoreboard Germany
destroyed the Roman Empire a Germany
cracked Christendom and caused the 30
Years War in which over 8 million people
died Germany gave the world communism
Germany destroyed Russia by starting the
Russian Revolution Germany then sent
Vladimir Lenin on a sealed boxcar to
make sure that Russia could never
recover from that revolution Germany
then declared war on the world once
killing or wounding 41 some odd million
people then Germany declared war in the
world again
killing 80 million people and wounding
many others and finally Germany
succeeded in taking over Europe and
flooded the West with millions of
unvetted overwhelmingly young male
Muslim immigrants from the Middle East
and North Africa which has caused a
radical surge in violent crime on that
continent that is Germany in a nutshell
that is German history in a nutshell
let's start at the very beginning we'll
take a quick tour through 2000 years of
German history to remind ourselves what
we keep forgetting that Germany is the
worst country in the history of the
world in 297 AD the Roman Emperor
Constantius Chlorus allowed the Germanic
tribe of salient Franks to settle within
the Empire and to be fair to the
salience they were actually a pretty
good tribe they didn't try to invade
they were mostly loyal to Caesar and to
Rome they were actually largely forced
into Rome by other tribes I guess you
could call them refugees and Rome
reached agreements with the tribes and
accepted them the other Germanic tribes
were not so nice they were on the
outskirts of the Roman Empire they
started to get a little rambunctious
there they were
seeking a better life I guess you could
say and while they were seeking that
better life they invaded whole regions
of the empire against rums we'll fast
forward a little bit in 410 the
Visigoths a Germanic tribe led by Alaric
finally broke through the walls of the
city of Rome itself so in not that long
a period of time they made it all the
way into Rome itself they sacked the
capital they raped killed pillaged and
burned they torched the entire city and
they kept on plundering the city for
three full days Germany managed to
destroy the Eternal City it took them
three days that was actually the first
time when the Visigoths got there - rum
that was the first time in a millennium
almost a thousand years that someone
other than Romans ran the city of Rome
Thank You Germany over this period of
time some of the other German tribes
were converted to Christianity and it
was actually for that reason that the
pagan German tribes brutally persecuted
them and even this caused some trouble
even German tribes converting to
Christianity caused trouble because they
were largely converted to Arianism which
was an early Christian heresy it's the
heresy for which the the guy arias for
whom Arianism is named it denies the
divinity of Christ at the first Council
of Nicaea he was preaching this heresy
and Saint Nicholas Santa Claus went up
and punched him right in his face that's
how bad this heresy was so Christians
from now sacked Rome actually had to go
back and reconvert all the Germans
because they had been converted to
heresy so we had to convert them to real
Christianity this seems like a minor
point I know but heresy and schism will
play a very important role in the rest
of our history of Germany as the worst
country in the history of the world so
keep that in mind that covers the fall
of Rome that covers plunging all of
ancient civilization into chaos and
disorder Thank You Germany by the grace
of God Europe managed to recover a
little bit and grow a pretty nice
civilization 4000 years or so just
Germany was itching to screw it all up
again they just couldn't take it so a
thousand years was okay that brings us
to the sixteenth century and to a
corpulent German heretic named Martin
Luther I know I'm gonna get a lot of
mailbag questions about this because
people like Martin Luther's ideas or
they say Martin Luther's ideas led to
good ideas and too
things and freedom and bloke a what fine
that's fine
I'm actually not saying that you have to
hate Protestantism or something I'm just
pointing to the historical record in
1517 Martin Luther printed copies of
disagreements with the church and
certain aspects of Catholic orthodoxy
regardless of what you think about his
ideas this guy this German guy alone
virtually alone cracked Western
Christendom and created modernity Luther
and the printing press that allowed him
to spread his 95 theses permanently
cracked the unity of Western Christendom
he didn't just argue over some minor
points or take issue with this doctrine
or this doctrine or this idea that had
been happening for well over a thousand
years and you know Santa Claus punched
the heretic in the face the disagreement
among bishops ism is a factor and a
facet of Christianity what more Luther
did is he claimed that the church did
not have authority to teach did not have
the universal authority that it claimed
to have this is where relativism crept
into Europe we all talk about how awful
relativism is and facts don't care about
your feelings and you know there is
objective truth and there's not your
truth and my truth and my truth and this
truth it begins here it begins here in
modern Europe Martin Luther some people
say Martin Luther made Christianity
reasonable that the Catholics were
really unreasonable and the Pope was
unreasonable and Martin Luther brought
reason into this the exact opposite is
true
Martin Luther hated reason he hated
Aristotle and he hated reason he called
reason the whore of the devil reason
itself he said quote you must abandon
your reason know nothing of it
annihilate it completely or you will
never enter heaven this was a major
break from traditional Christianity
because in traditional Christianity in
Orthodox Christianity reason leads you
to God reason is one way to come to God
it weren't Luther went on he said reason
is a prostitute
the devil's appointed whore whore eaten
by scab and leprosy who ought to be
trodden under foot and destroyed she and
her wisdom throw dung in her face to
make her ugly you know he had a way with
words that guy
he did really head so I was how
inspiring how beautiful on a more
practical front that's just the
doctrinal front on a more practical
front Luther fully embraced two aspects
of the German national character that
would come back to destroy the 20th
century hatred of Jews and cozying up to
Muslim invaders and he also caused major
Wars now this I want to be fair to
Martin Luther I want to be fair to the
Germans here he probably didn't want to
start those Wars one of the wars that he
started was the peasants revolt in 1524
and he didn't like this he published a
great tract on this called against the
murderous thieving hordes of peasants
one of the most beautifully titled
tracts preferably in political history
but back to those other two German
national tendencies hatred of Jews and
the strange embrace of Muslim invaders
Luther on the former published a tract
titled on the Jews and their lies and he
said of the Muslim invaders quote I
would rather be ruled by a wise Turk
than a foolish Christian he also wrote
that war against the Ottoman Muslims
would be absolutely contrary to Christ's
doctrine and name so as I mentioned he
cracks the authority of the Europe
European Christendom he cracks that
central authority that premise of truth
you you get the peasants war out of that
this led to war between the German
Lutheran's and the Catholics this
eventually built into the 30 Years War
which was in modern history we just
think of our Wars as destructive the 30
Years War was one of the deadliest and
most destructive conflicts in human
history enough about Luther thank you
Luther Thank You Germany let's skip
forward again to the 19th century when
Germany gave us the single most
destructive political ideology in
history communism now you might object
to say other philosophers had worked out
various versions of communism and
arrangements do pay in France and there
were some communal arrangements in
antiquity the Acts of the Apostles
refers to early Christians keeping all
of their goods in common that sort of
thing sure the German Karl Marx
Unleashed communism on the world he is
the singular figure in communism he
mocked God he in
instituted to borrow Churchill's words
the philosophy of failure the creed of
ignorance and the gospel of envy this
distinctly German philosophy went on to
kill 94 million people in the 20th
century just the 20th century there were
still communist outposts all around the
world also in the 19th century Germany
gave us the philosopher Friedrich
Nietzsche who said that god is dead
a Nietzsche assailed traditional
morality and he described the philosophy
of the future as being beyond good and
evil people object to this they say Oh
Nietzsche he was just observing things
he said our culture just got rid of God
he wasn't calling for anything like that
that's both true and false Nietzsche is
proclaiming that God is dead he's
confronting nihilism with the premise
that God is dead and he describes beyond
good and evil he calls it the philosophy
of the future to this end in in this
philosophy man would not follow
conscience or reason but will to power
again throw reason out the window it's
the will to power my will against your
will and I will myself up this idea
would eventually be carried to its
logical conclusion by this guy not not
norm by the guy that norm is into
imitating now they'd be followed to its
logical conclusion by the Nazis we'll
get to that in short time also in that
same century in the 19th century German
scholars and academics gave us new
theories of textual criticism that
treated the Bible not as a source of
revelation and wisdom as it had always
been treated in the West but rather as a
dead scientific document that was of
more interest as a historical curiosity
to be parsed for contradictions and that
doesn't agree with that and that doesn't
agree with that rather than as a source
of devotional and divine inspiration
further just chipping away at the
spiritual foundations of Europe and the
West
thank you Germany now in the 20th
century events move a lot faster they
really pick up pace here in 1914 Germany
declared war on the world they declared
war on the world for the first time some
people pretend that Germany isn't
responsible for World War one they say
oh no you actually it was Serbia because
some Serbian dude killed transferred
and this and that and yadda-yadda-yadda
know the historical consensus places
blame at the feet of Germany and Austria
the historical facts clearly point to
German militarism as the cause
austria-hungary was looking for an
excuse to aggress against Serbia Germany
supported Austria wholeheartedly they
gave them a blank check they urged
austria-hungary to invade Serbia Germany
alone had the power to stop the war from
escalating in July of 1914 when all of
this is happening in Franz Ferdinand
gets killed and it seems like all these
crazy little agreements and treaties are
going to affect it could have been
stopped the war actually could have
stopped in July of 1914 Germany didn't
want to stop at Germany wanted the war
didn't do it
once again Thank You Germany now we go
back to communism this is within just a
matter of years but we're going back to
the most destructive political ideology
ever invented at the same time that
Germany is waging war on the world
Germany also decided to unleash the
horrors of communism on everybody the
first step to doing this was using
communism to destroy Russia and how did
it do that International Women's Day
International Women's Day how on earth
could that International Women's Day is
responsible for this International
Women's Day was invented by German
communists Clara Zetkin and Kate dunker
among other people and that was the
first one it was invented in 1910 those
those German communists created it at
the International Socialists
Women's Conference when we think of
International Women's Day today we think
of it as like a hashtag on Twitter and
it's you know little pictures and stuff
on Facebook and whatever but it actually
began with these German communists it
was then used to launch the Russian
Revolution on March 8th in 1917 women
textile workers held an International
Women's Day protest now with the
hashtags and on Twitter they went out
into the streets and they protested that
one protest launched the Russian
Revolution Leon Trotsky the Russian
revolutionary wrote of it revolutionary
actions were foreseen but we did not
imagine that this Women's Day would
inaugurate the revolution those German
communists set in motion the events that
would destroy Russia but they didn't
just leave it at that they didn't just
say Oh
I was a pretty good one we just just set
in motion the events to de top all the
Russian monarchy and and to plunge that
country into chaos they had to make sure
that it would be plunged into chaos so a
month after that Germany sent Vladimir
Lenin himself the leader of the Soviet
Union the eventual leader of the Soviet
Union who was then in exile and
Switzerland the German government sent
Lenin back into Russia on a sealed train
they arranged this the German High
Command arranged this to get Lenin out
of Switzerland through Germany into
Russia on a completely sealed train
Germany was then at war with Russia in
the the first time Germany declared war
in the world and they knew that it could
destabilize the country by sending Lenin
back in there it's pretty interesting
that they did it on a sealed train too
like he couldn't get off to go to the
bathroom or to get a sandwich or
something
it was completely sealed because Germany
knew that this ideology and this man
were so poisonous that it shouldn't
infect anything outside of their enemy
so they sent it in there like a
heat-seeking missile right into Russia
and guess what happened it worked
so they go in there within a matter of
months the October Revolution happens
there's a total overthrow the Bolsheviks
rise to power the Soviet Union then and
Vladimir Lenin became its first leader
the Soviet Union would bring the world
to the brink of nuclear war and kill
tens of millions of people in the 20th
century
thank you Germany Germany literally sent
the beginning of that into the country
in a two-prong attacked so now about 20
years goes by ok the war is over they
destroyed Russia they've destroyed a lot
of the world Europeans at this point by
the way have gotten the gist of how
Germany behaves they kind of this okay
you know I've been doing this for a long
time everybody knows that Germany is
going to aggress again and yet they give
Germany this Treaty of Versailles
they don't mind when Germany is clearly
violating the Treaty of Versailles that
it's untenable that it's peace without
victory no you need victory you need
clear victors when somebody is in the
wrong you need to beat them down there's
an amazing painting from this era right
after the first world war there is a
painting of all the leaders of World War
one and there they're signing the Treaty
of Versailles and they're so happy and
they're talking and they're all looking
at each other and then in the center of
painting is Winston Churchill he's got
his head like this and there's a light
on him he's the only one that's really
lit and he's just looking out at the at
the audience at the viewer of the
painting and just thinking this is a
terrible idea this is this is not gonna
last it's an amazing that painting was
begun in 1919 long before the Second
World War and you saw this in political
cartoons too it wasn't the it wasn't the
consensus view that war was inevitable
but there were some political cartoons
that said oh the class of 1940 was a
little baby at the time said class of
1940 is gonna have to go fight Germany
again so shock wouldn't you know
wouldn't you be shocked to hear in 1939
Germany declares war on the world again
now this was a war declared by
scientific barbarism against Christian
civilization that's an important phrase
to use Winston Churchill observed that
dichotomy in the war in the first world
war in the Second World War
its scientific barbarism against the
Christian civilisation of Europe this
new science this will to power these
ideas that had been concocted by
friedrich nietzsche and expanded on by
others of supermen and master races and
the idea that our biology is really all
that matters and we're going to be in
this brutal struggle scientific
barbarism a science that doesn't make
any sense an unreasonable science a
science that's supposed to reason versus
traditional Christian civilization the
civilization that built Europe the
civilization that comes directly out of
Christianity of Athens in Jerusalem
don't take my word for it Nazi leader
Joseph Goebbels wrote about this in 1928
in his diary that year he wrote what
does Christianity mean today National
Socialism is a religion all we lack is a
religious genius capable of uprooting
outmoded religious practices and putting
new ones in their place we lack
traditions and ritual
one day soon National Socialism will be
the religion of all Germans my party is
my church and I believe I serve the Lord
best if I do his will and liberate my
oppressed people from the fetters of
slavery that is my gospel that's Joseph
Goebbels 11 years before the outbreak of
World War
then fast-forward 1939 the year it's all
happening gurbles wrote then of Hitler
the Fuhrer is deeply religious though
completely anti-christian he views
Christianity as a symptom of decay
rightly so it is a branch of the Jewish
race and you can see here in this Nazi
hatred of Christianity and Christian
civilization the Nazis particular hatred
of the Jews in the Jewish problem Jewish
Question in the final solution this is
their hatred on the metaphysical level
it is a hatred of God on the physical
level it is a hatred of Jews that chosen
people of God
it's a hatred of priests it's a hatred
of the church and on a metaphysical
level it's a hatred of God the Holocaust
alone took 6 million Jews killed six
million Jews around 5.7 million I think
is the best estimate of Europe 7.3
million Jews were killed in the
Holocaust the Holocaust also killed
gypsies and poles and gays and priests
lots of people but almost all of
European Jewry around 80 million people
died in that war and luckily finally
Germany was defeated ha so we've made it
from what it was that the 3rd century
all the way to the 20th century Germany
constantly trying to destroy
civilization usually pretty successfully
so then what does Europe do it's 9:00
it's in 1940's
you know to mid 20th century what is
Europe to not 50 years after Germany
twice declared war on the world and
tried to take over the world and tried
to run the European continent what did
Europe do it let Germany run the
European continent it let Germany do it
we they tried it in 1914 we beat them
back they tried it in 1940 we beat him
back then we said okay you can have it
that's fine now you can take it what
what could go wrong what could go wrong
your Germany is the leader of Europe
there is no question about that Germany
has the largest population in the EU it
has the strongest economy in Europe the
straights a strongest contributor to the
EU
it's got certainly the most stable
government all the other governments
collapse constantly you Italy has had
about 750 million governments since
World War two Germany is centrally
located Germany crafts policy that
affects all of Europe and the particular
policy
that has implied is the flooding of
Europe in just the last few years with
unvetted Muslim migrants from the Middle
East and North Africa groups that skew
overwhelmingly young and male and alone
unaccompanied no family no they just
come in here a lot of young men from
war-torn countries who don't come from
the culture of Europe and don't worship
the God that Europe once worshiped more
than 20% of migrants or teenagers half
of them are unaccompanied ninety percent
of those are male ninety percent so as a
result of this you've seen the headlines
you see it and you might may have read
the book the strange death of Europe
which we've talked about on the show a
bit crime has skyrocketed in Europe
places that used to be these little
wonderlands with basically no crime at
all just a little snowy paradise a lot
of alcoholism you know it gets cold up
there but otherwise not a lot of violent
crime now you see huge rises in gang
rape assault you name it that that's
just the latest from Germany now there
will be an objection I know what you're
thinking gonna say I can see it now in
the youtube comment section I know
you're writing it right now I bet stop
writing in here Mia you're saying what
about Bach what about Bach Michael what
about Beethoven or live nuts or this so
that all these great German cultural
geniuses and mathematicians and yeah
okay right I'm not saying that there
haven't been good Germans that isn't my
argument my argument is that Germany is
the worst country in the history of the
world and as a political entity from the
third century to the 21st century
Germany has incontrovertibly been the
most uniformly terrible country in the
history of the world now it's trying to
control Europe that is just unbelievable
it is on it is insane that we now gave
them control of Europe after giving up
tens of millions of lives to stop them
from doing it on two occasions within 20
years Germany also by the way is
building a giant army so I don't know
that's never a good sign in history when
Germany starts building a giant army
especially when it does it quietly the
EU the European Union has never built
its own army is that's a terrible idea
Europeans and everyone else in the world
knows maybe we don't want some giant
military force to occupy the entire
European continent so in 2017 just last
year
quietly started to integrate the armies
of the Czech Republic and Romania into
its own forces into the boons via that
just doesn't even sound good I do I
don't want there to be like a big boom
Sofia that just thought why don't even
speak German it just doesn't sound good
so it what it looks like now we're
getting is something that looks like a
European Union Army
but of course no one's going to vote on
this or talk about that just going to
kind of happen and they're gonna do it
quietly without treaties and without
international cooperation hmm probably
not good what is that that they say
about how those who cannot remember the
past are condemned to repeat it
mmm good question good question to
remember okay enough about the worst
country in the history of the world it
is time for the mailbag do we have to
say now we have to say goodbye don't we
huh well I'm glad I'm glad we could make
it through two thousand years that's not
two thousand years in like half an hour
is not too bad I have got to say goodbye
we have excellent mailbag questions
today we have to get to them if you were
on The Daily wire thank you very much
you help keep the lights on
you keep cafe in my cup I really
appreciate it and between Beachbody on
demand get my body feeling good and then
cafe supplying all that nutrition that
really helps you need look if you
subscribe it's ten bucks a month $100
for an annual membership you get me at
the under Clavin show you get the Ben
Shapiro show you can ask questions and
mail back we're about to do that that's
all great if you want to get that really
nice body you want to start shedding for
the wedding or whatever get really good
and cut you need a really important
nutritional supplement and that is salty
and delicious leftist tears hot or cold
now you can overdose on these things
I've seen a lot of people at the gym do
this they'll overdose on the salty
delicious leftist tears they get they
just get too giddy and they end up
laughing themselves to death you need to
make sure that you measure it out right
and you control it and the only FDA
approved vessel for salty and delicious
leftist ears that is the leftist ears
tumblr go to daily wired.com to get it
we'll be right back
first question comes from Andy Andy
writes hey Michael in one of my college
classes I am constantly being reminded
of how poorly colonists treated Native
Americans it seems like they want me to
feel personally responsible for it
because of my skin color and heritage I
do not disagree with them that the
treatment was bad and often times evil
for example the Trail of Tears was
absolutely awful they conveniently leave
out the fact it happened under Democrats
however it is also my understanding that
indigenous tribes did not necessarily
live under this purified utopia that
leftists depict before the arrival of
Europeans how do I respond to this as a
conservative a future high school
history teacher and someone that firmly
believes in American exceptionalism
thanks Andy
I'll help you out yeah they use that as
a just a slogan that Trail of Tears was
terrible they don't talk about the
Indian Wars they don't talk about the
border wars they don't talk about how
this is a country and a country can't
tolerate other little countries living
within its country they don't they don't
talk about those things just a slogan
it's just terrible they don't they don't
really get into the specifics of it and
and we kind of let them get away with it
because we enjoy that Jackson was a
Democrat so we kind of throw it back on
them but it's a it's ridiculous
sloganeering of course when let's go
back to Columbus a favorite subject of
mine when Christopher Columbus arrived
in the Americas there were really nice
Indians that he met he writes about it
his fellow his Spaniard compatriots
wrote about this and they said oh they
were really peaceful they gave us a lot
of nice stuff how lovely of them you
know and they were beautiful people a
lot of them had cuts and marks all over
their body where did that come from that
came from the Isla de Caribe and other
belligerent Indians in the area who
would chop them up and eat them who
would man who would attack them who were
belligerent and who and and there was
cannibalism there was cannibalism all
over the Americas the word cannibal only
came into our Western understanding in
our parlance after Columbus arrived and
discovered cannibalism it comes from
Kerry Bay from Caribbean kakari Bay
became Connie ball and so there was
cannibalism all of the Americas the on
some of the natives that Christopher
Columbus
when he arrived the Iroquois in the
Northeast were cannibals Indians in the
American Southwest were cannibals it was
all over the Americas even the New York
Times admitted this in an article
quoting archeologists in like around the
year 2000 or something
the New York Times admitted that this
was until until what's what's it called
intersectionality until
intersectionality poisoned all of
academia people could acknowledge these
obvious facts nature published a piece
on this called incontrovertible evidence
of cannibalism now certainly some of the
natives had a primitive form of writing
in the Americas they had hieroglyphics
nothing terribly sophisticated nothing
that we would consider like normal
writing and human sacrifice ran rampant
throughout the Americas human sacrifice
was rampant here particularly among the
Aztecs Spanish explorers wrote about
this after observing it in the Aztec
capital in in the year 1487
which was 5 years before Columbus this
wasn't in the ancient ancient past this
was 5 years before Christopher Columbus
sailed the ocean blue
the Aztecs slaughtered 80,000 400
prisoners over the course of four days
four days that is 14 murders per minute
just rolling by that's the idyllic
paradise
that's the noble savage a one estimate
of human sacrifice in 15th century
Mexico puts that number as high as
250,000 per year per year and these were
largely human sacrifices to pagan gods
now modern people who don't know
anything about anything they want to
tear down statues of Christopher
Columbus who was a great man and they
want to erect statues of the generic
indigenous person for indigenous peoples
day the body counts and the cultures
that we're talking about here suggest
maybe they should reconsider from Dave
dear master of written brevity I've
always found writing to be much easier
and clearer way to express my thoughts
as opposed to speaking spontaneously
especially in front of a group as the
group setting makes me uncomfortable
enough that I start to second-guess my
choice of words sure as someone whose
big break was in publishing did you find
the transition from writing blank books
- speaking broadcasting public Q&A to be
a challenge if so what tips do you have
for the rest of us that's a good
question going from doing nothing to
doing something is a challenge that can
be a real challenge going from not
writing a book to doing anything is a
challenge but you know I in my past life
before I'll never work in Hollywood
again I was trained as an actor for a
long time and you know been in acting
training for a long time and that does
help I actually do suggest that to a lot
of people taking an acting class or it
may be just reading a book there's a
good book called an actor prepares by
Constantin Stanislavski it's kind of the
beginning of modern acting we would call
it and it's important to read that even
just the title means an actor prepares
if you're going to speak
extemporaneously if you're going to do
QA or give speeches or whatever you need
to prepare you need to read a lot of
books then you need to write out your
speech or write out your thoughts and
talk through them you need muscle memory
when an actor memorizes a script or
learns apart they don't you know it's
not like you're just learning lines you
build a character which helps but you
also the way actors learn lines
effectively is you you read them out
loud with your mouth you don't just kind
of go in your head and try to memorize
you read them because you have muscle
memory so you make it very exaggerated
and actor prepares
cold baths a you know and then it goes
in your mouth so and that's one thing I
would do all of these guys some of the
great public speakers of our era
Winston Churchill Ronald Reagan they
practice their lines they had these
lines for 20 years before before we
heard them in a time for choosing or
before Winston Churchill won the Second
World War with speeches he had written a
lot of these for for years and years
before that you gotta practice you've
got to prepare and then it will come
easy and you can you're gonna make it
look effortless and look easy but it's
gonna take a lot of effort how many much
more time we had a little more time from
James Deer the most handsome man at the
Daily wire that's a big compliment I'm
gonna I'm about to be just just
absolutely pummeled by by the big boss
and the the leader of the multiverse
after this just for reading that title
dear the most handsome man at the Daily
wire what do you think of the idea about
the rise of the imperial presidency does
it undermine what the founding fathers
had envisioned for America also
also would you ever consider growing a
mustache thank you Oh handsome one I had
to grow a mustache for a part one time
in a play and I they're probably
pictures of that on the Internet it it
was a lot cuz I actually I can't really
grow a beard I don't you know I'd look
like I'm 16 or something and I'm not
like exactly the burliest Adonis of a
guy so I can't get a but I can grow a
mustache in like 15 minutes I get a must
immediately so yeah maybe I'll consider
that may I'll do that for like mustache
March or Movember or something to the
imperial presidency this is not
something totally new people say Oh
since George Bush we've had an imperial
presidency or Oh since got it further
back FDR or Wilson or Obama whatever
this is not totally new this is one of
these things where it's much more
complicated than we all pretend it is in
1793 George Washington you know that the
US would be neutral in the war between
Britain and France he didn't consult
anybody there wasn't like a vote it
wasn't decided on by Congress he just
did it himself and he prohibited people
from interfering
that seems Imperial to me that's
probably not not in the spirit of the
Constitution people talk about the the
illegal war of Iraq oh it was it wasn't
really illegal Congress gave George W
Bush the authority to lead it but we've
actually had over thirty undeclared wars
well over thirty undeclared wars going
all the way back to the first Barbary
war the first Barbary war in 1805 that's
not a declared war really we ended up
getting some treaties out of it that we
wouldn't call and actually that war that
gives us part of them the Marine Corps
him from the halls of Montezuma to the
shores of Tripoli that's an undeclared
war Hamilton Alexander Hamilton
preferred an elective monarchy that's
fairly Imperial probably so it isn't
quite so simple as we pretend in the
spirit of freedom in which America is
founded we want government to be closer
to us we want we want the government to
be local we don't want the federal
government to do very much and in order
to do that you need to be a disciplined
people a moral and religious people and
you need to have a common culture so
that you have a country you have
something and when those things break
down somebody is going to maintain order
somebody is going to come in there and
keep the peace and that's going to be
the federal government unfortunately
if we don't get our lives in order and
have a common culture
next question from Patti not a question
but an answer why are so many
middle-aged women middle-aged white
women on antidepressants as a medicated
middle-aged white woman I feel qualified
to respond maybe because we feel like we
support so many other people like the
world would cave in if we let our guard
down for one second I'm not sure of the
statistics but I suspect we feel alone
in our responsibilities many of us care
for and support grown children
grandchildren as well as aging parents
were we ever meant to take on so much
your show neglected to mention how many
grown children still were quite
dependent on their parents or how few
siblings we have to share
responsibilities for aging parents or
how many fathers have bailed on their
responsibilities it is tragic but
suggesting we take away the pill which
makes it all tolerable is hardly the
answer can you think of a different
solution yes I can stop supporting the
ground kids I can't think of it there is
a solution that involves taking away
that pill
stop supporting the adult kids and
demand that men act like men I totally
empathize with what you're saying
there's something like 75% of
Millennials have their parents pay at
least one of their bills for them so
Millennials were like thirty years old
now it's completely insane and our
culture doesn't want men to act like men
we say men should know men should cry
men should be soft they don't need to
work maybe they'll be stayed home dead
don't pick up the tab don't open the
door don't act like a man if you act
like a man that's toxic masculinity
that's tub and by the way when they say
toxic masculinity that just means men
being men that just means manliness and
they say oh it means war and rape and
you know what you're really saying at
the nobody nobody disagrees we shouldn't
have violence and war and rape and
killing and pillaging and burning you're
really saying you don't like manliness
except we need manliness we need men to
act like men you should demand that the
men in your life act like men I know
that's not easy but that's the answer
you should recognize that life and
suffering have a purpose so this this is
not easy to say this these are hard
things to say suffering is not morally
evil suffering is morally neutral the
only the moral component is how we react
to suffering you can react to suffering
in an ennobling and good way or in a
debasing way those are simple ants
those are not easy answers but they're
simple answers and it's this culture
makes it a lot harder in this culture
there's a reason why these
antidepressants have proliferated I
don't think it's because middle-aged
white women and all the other people who
are on them or just suddenly became
depraved drug addicts it's a terrible
culture and that's one solution to it
but it's not the right solution I'm not
telling you to go off medication I'm not
telling anyone to go off medication I'm
not giving any medical advice I don't
want to give medical advice but looking
at the numbers overall only only you and
your doctor and your family knows your
specific case but I do know in the
aggregate these medications are over
prescribed their way over prescribed and
there there is a cultural and a
spiritual answer to that we have time
for one more I'll do one more from Paula
Michael you all appear to take the
assault on decency democracy and the
Republic in stride you even mentioned
today that politics is not the main
focus in life politics and government
will always be a pain how do you let it
roll off your back when you hear
outrageous things unfair attacks and
outright lies going on in this country
it is like lightning when I hear it from
Paula this is a good one to end on I'll
try it we'll try to end on a happy note
on a happy happily tragic comedic note
it was ever thus look at what the
government did Jesus look at what the
local government did to Jesus and the
imperial government look at what it did
to Socrates look at the government and
politics is always like this this is a
permanent fact of life you can't get too
wrapped up in it politics is downstream
of culture culture is downstream of the
cult of what the culture worships of God
and there are much higher things in life
politics only exists so that we can do
the higher things in life see our
families have nice meals talk about
things that matter enjoy art and culture
and worship and all those things that's
you know - I think in America in
particular because we have such a strong
Civic religion especially on the right
because we're patriotic we like the
American flag it's a grand old flag you
know that kind of thing because we have
that there's a temptation to treat
politics as a religion or the American
political idea is a religion it's not a
religion it's downstream of religion
and things that are downstream of
religion are going to get corrupted and
they're going to get kicked around and
they're gonna go bad and get a little
better sometimes put not your trust in
Princes you just don't don't do it
you're gonna end up disappointed Jesus
knew this and Socrates knew this and
Jesus took to the cross so that we don't
have to worry about all of this and in
Socrates and the time before the first
century drank the hemlock because he
understood this too so you know he
didn't want to die but he was given the
choice any new politics was always this
way and there were higher things than
politics so don't worry about it man
politics is gonna be like this lower
your political expectations your
expectations for everything else will
increase in your life will get better
okay that's our show
I'm going on the road next week I think
I will be in the studio on Monday then
I'm going to Alabama and New York and
Philadelphia so I will keep you posted
on all of that the first talk is in
Mobile Alabama
on Tuesday at the Alabama Policy
Institute so Google them and get some
tickets if you're in the area in the
mean time I'm Michael gnosis is the
Michael Knowles show I'll see you on
Monday
the Michael Knoll show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex Zingaro audio is
mixed by mike core amina hair and makeup
is by Jeshua
OV era copyright for word publishing
