what I want to focus on is the person of
Teddy Kennedy himself because this movie
is that really the first time that the
popular culture has admitted that Teddy
Kennedy was just an absolute degenerate
he was a womanizing cheating lying
dishonest man slaughtering drunk who
didn't really take any responsibility
for his life and just grifted on the
public the public dime and the public
attention for his entire life and just
an absolute derelict and when he retired
from the Senate or I'm sorry when he
died they called him the Lion of the
Senate that's the Democrats so he's the
Lion of the Senate he's this great man
they wouldn't they wouldn't talk about
it the Andrea Mitchell said that the
heavens were weeping for Teddy Kennedy
now we're getting the real story and
it's interesting to look at him because
the Kennedys so debased American
politics they stole the 1960 election
they were just the things that JFK did
with his interns all around the White
House and appointing you know all of
these questionable people to positions
and Ted Kennedy obviously he didn't have
the integrity to resign and after he
killed that poor girl he kept going he
played the victim he wore a bogus neck
brace and yet people saw him turning his
neck so it was all all just about him me
me me how do I rise to power Teddy
Kennedy as a public figure was a man
without virtue he didn't practice the
virtues he wasn't temperate he wasn't
just he was he just didn't have them he
was cowardly he just did not exhibit any
integrity and that has fed through all
the way up through Clinton and into the
the present political situation where
you see politicians on both sides of the
aisle but being a little bit more open
and a little bit more craven about that
