yesterday marks as you say the 49th 50th
anniversary of the what we're preparing
to commemorate the 50th anniversary of
the assassination of Reverend dr. Martin
Luther King what we really remember dr.
King for and why we celebrate dr. King
and I'm you know I'm blessed that I
shared my birthday with dr. King's day
right Martin Luther King Day is January
15th that's my birthday and I've always
had a special fondness for that fact but
dr. King what we really remember him for
is his message which was not Malcolm X's
message so to understand Martin Luther
King's message we have to do it in
contrast to Malcolm X prior to his
conversion to actual Islam and his call
for peace before he was assassinated by
the the folks over the Nation of Islam
to which Democrats still pay homage
which is just an incredible thing right
the people who assassinated Malcolm X
are still going around claiming they did
in this ask Nate Malcolm X and then
heads of the Democratic Party are
meeting with their leaders like Louis
Farrakhan should show you something
about the state of today's modern
politics but Malcolm X's message was
black militancy his message was black
separatism at least in his early days
when you read the Autobiography of
Malcolm X and then later he realized
maybe we should look for a more
conciliatory message Spike Lee's movie
covers some of this ground him Martin
Luther King's message was very different
his message was we all have to come
together around universal human rights
that apply to black people as well as
white people that the calls of the
founding fathers apply to black people
as well as white people like Booker T
Washington or like the or like Frederick
Douglass the call from Martin Luther
King was fully within the American
tradition America has certain rights
inalienable rights and these extend to
black people and to prevent black people
from exercising these rights is an act
of terrorism and active evil an act of
tyranny and this was his basic message
and that message of racial
reconciliation was why we honor dr. King
if he had been a racial separatist like
Malcolm X we would not be honoring dr.
King we would be we would be talking
about whether his legacy has helped
contribute to the constant racial
tensions in the country the reason that
Martin Luther King is considered such a
great figure is because of the racial
reconciliation
