today we're going to talk about race
genetics and IQ a conversation so
uncomfortable it will make you sweat
until you become slightly nauseous and
begin to wonder if you really are as
racist as you keep pretending not to be
finally you'll end up sitting on the
bathroom floor alternately vomiting and
sobbing but afraid to kill yourself lest
you go to hell for all eternity
so that you're forced to push on through
yet another miserable day of meaningless
existence this is gonna be fun trigger
warning ahead true Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
all right the long-distance Clavin this
weekend is coming upon you but I will be
back in the studio on Monday this has
been quite a trip last night I was at
the Manhattan Institute they had a
really really nice meeting with the
young leaders they call them of the
Manhattan Institute they're very
accomplished people in their you know
30s and 40s who contribute to the
Manhattan Institute one of the great
think tanks in the country one of the
smaller think tanks but really really do
good work and I write for City Journal
and so they interviewed me and then we
had dinner with a select crowd and it
was really a very very pleasant evening
I have to say author Ying ma is with us
today to sort out the China situation
and I'm really I'm gonna talk about race
you know there's a 50-year anniversary
of Martin Luther King's death yesterday
and obviously the left is always uses
Martin Luther King as a cudgel with
which to beat the rest of us so I just
want to examine you know whether they
have cakes and meanwhile I hope you have
all got your bowling Branch sheets
already because you know how comfortable
they are and this is a very
uncomfortable subject so you'll be kind
of clutching your sheets and sucking
your thumb at the same time but Boland
Branch they really are they're
incredibly comfortable and now that's
important for me because I never sleep I
lie awake all night so I really want to
be comfortable in my bed and what makes
bull and branch sheets unique is that
each sheet is crafted from 100% organic
cotton that not only feels incredible it
really looks nice and since Boland
branch sells exclusively online you
don't pay that expensive retail markup
so you're getting twice the quality for
half the price you will love the sheets
I love them they're really comfortable
they get more comfortable the more you
use them for some reason so try them for
30 nights see for yourself if you're not
impressed you can return them for a full
refund anyone who sleeps on bull and
grant sheets loves them that's why they
have thousands of five-star reviews
the New York Times Forbes The Wall
Street Journal rave about them and three
u.s. presidents have Boland Branch
sheets they will not tell me who they
are so go to bowl and branch calm today
and you've got $50 off your first set of
sheets plus free
being in the u.s. when you use the promo
code Clavin
now you're probably so comfortable just
thinking about your ball and brown
sheets that you wake up suddenly and
think how do you spell Clavin it's que
la VA n there are no ease in Clavin it
is not easy to be Clavin it's just I
just make it look easy
it's $50 off plus free us shipping right
now at bull and branch comm it's spelled
bol L and branch com promo code Clavin
ball and branch dot-com promo code
Clavin you can be as comfortable as I am
and maybe even while you're sleeping you
can try do it do it a little differently
than I do it so anyway you know I was
still thinking this meeting with these
kids and at this college kind of haunted
me because they were all so geared up
about race and it was all about the
numbers of how unfair it was and how the
history had crippled blacks and there
was really I always felt like there was
nothing I could say to get through
through to them I see the the speech has
been posted online you can look it up on
YouTube and I could see that some people
were frustrated that I wasn't attacking
them you know I I know people love to
see these things and this says something
like you know Clavin destroys this
screen of social justice were that's not
my style at all I mean I look at these
guys guys and they're like this age of
my kids so this last that's like I wanna
do is destroy them I actually do just
want to listen to them but I started
thinking you know you know maybe it's me
maybe I'm not I'm not thinking this
through properly you know John Nolte the
late John Nolte and we call him the late
John Nolte because he used to have the
the common decency to work at the Daily
wire and then he just sold out and went
back to his friends at at Breitbart but
but he is a big movie watch or used to
write for big you know bright parts big
Hollywood and he made the point in a
tweet yesterday that in 1998 there was a
Marvel superhero movie with Wesley
Snipes a black actor called blade and it
was a big hit and they made three there
were three in the franchise and nobody
said a word about it nobody said
anything
this is Nolte's point whereas now when
they make black panther it's a cause
celeb you know we all have to talk about
wow you know a black hero in a box
Marvel superhero and note these
was basically that Obama had set us back
you know I always say that Obama played
the race card so that people wouldn't
notice what a bad bad job he was doing
and North it was saying by doing that
and I remember chasing after the police
and how they were out there murdering
black people left and right and you know
as according to Obama and that he set us
back so that now that's all we're
thinking about again when really we had
gotten past that and so I started
thinking about about that you know how
we've been set back but maybe maybe we
right-wingers are missing something I
mean my point of view has always been is
today as it has always been that you
know we are all children of God I don't
care what race you are I don't I don't
care what you do with your personal life
I don't care about any of it you are
here and in whatever relationship you're
in with me is what I'm looking at and
how you behave in that relationship and
what you can do as far as your job is
concerned and and the other thing about
it is because there's a lot of talk now
about race and IQ and in my personal
life I have noticed that IQ doesn't mean
very much in terms of you know there's a
certain range obviously if you're way
down the line or you're way up the line
it's going to be startling in one way or
the other
but I've just noticed that they're
people of a wide range of IQs who have
so much to say and so much to contribute
and sometimes people who might on a test
get a lower IQ have wisdom that people
on a higher IQ don't have or they have
talent and gifts to give or just a
personality that you want to be around
but it suddenly occurred to me that when
you deal with people individually you're
taking them one by one so why should you
care about their race well I should you
care about anything because even if the
numbers on a broad scale are there you
know know about this individual person
you're dealing with
but sociological problems turn up on a
big scale so IQ is in fact a big
predictor of outcomes it does you know I
think of people of high IQ even even
live longer and they certainly make a
lot more money and all this and there's
nothing you can do right now about IQ to
raise it the IQ is what you have you can
preserve your IQ by you know working out
and stuff like that but you can't you
can't make it any higher so I I was just
looking around and all these kids were
coming up to me and saying well you know
blacks have
there's more poverty in the black
community and you know it makes it very
difficult for them to get out and then I
was watching yesterday
all these MLK tributes because of the
anniversary of his death and it's always
they're always talking as if that fight
is still the racial fight is still at
its peak still that moment when you know
it were really at the barricades and
we're really fighting for so much yeah
you know just to play a clip of
representative John Lewis who was a big
guy in the Martin Luther King civil
rights days but since then he's become
kind of a race monger I mean he's the
guy who he accused the GOP of wanting to
take us back to Jim Crow days you know
which was a Democrat institution in the
first place and he's the guy that
Breitbart
challenged Lewis said he had been called
a racial slur in the midst of this crowd
and Breitbart challenge like offered
$100,000 anybody could reduce the video
and nobody had so he's been playing the
race card a lot but he was he gave this
speech yesterday to something to do
something you cannot be quiet you heard
me say if we have to be on the right
side of history we have to treat people
right we have to love everybody it
doesn't make sense
plus to see young people who came to our
country printed with babies the dreamers
that's not right that's not fair that's
not just and the history will not be
kind sorry but I just don't see this as
the same time when marchers were being
set upon by dogs and hit with fire hoses
plus the level of these people you can
sort of tell a movement by the level of
the people who are in it and they're
talking to guys like Al Sharpton jr. it
was a terrible human being an
anti-semite guy who is result was you
know reckless rhetoric has resulted in
the deaths of people he's a tax dodger
an FBI informant you know I don't even
know why that guy is a thing you know
why is even a thing but they are
interviewing him about this and of
course he links it all to Trump so we're
still in this terrible terrible trough
of racism in our country because we
elected Donald Trump here is the
wonderful the lovely and talented
Sharpton jr. I think what people really
don't understand for thus those of us
that grew up in the King movement and
the generation after King is that we
mark the 50th anniversary with the
challenges that we have a president that
has made this kind of racial divide and
intolerant tolerance become vogue again
because when you look at what Donald
Trump is doing around questions of
people of color Mexicans blacks Muslim
he has reintroduced with dr. King's life
was again or is he gonna keep playing
this kind of racial demagoguery that
he's playing to a crowd but dividing a
country his King day I wonder mr.
president can you find at least the
moral strength to memorialize him and
what he stood for well if there's
anybody who should know about racial
demagoguery its Sharpton al Sharpton jr.
so talking about blinds whereas they now
call them window treatments is not
exactly the most exciting thing you can
do but it really does make a difference
I had in the house that I've just been
living in for the last few years when we
moved in there was just something that
always bugged me
at the bedroom and I didn't know what it
was it's just a little shabby and then
we put in new blinds a new window
treatments as they say and the whole
place turned around it was just it just
that changed the entire mood change the
entire look so you don't want to take
all the time to do it that's why blinds
calm makes it really easy for you to
redesign your room not sure what you
want or even where to start with
blinds.com you get free online design
consultation just send them pictures of
your house and they send back custom
recommendations from a professional for
what will work with your color scheme
furniture and specific rooms and they'll
even send you free samples to make sure
everything looks as good in person as it
does online and every order gets free
shipping and here's the best part if you
if you accidentally miss measure or pick
the wrong color
if you mess it up blinds.com will remake
your blinds for free they've really made
it easy for you so there's no excuse to
leave up those mangled blinds and make
your place look like you're living in
the wire for a limited time get up to
20% off everything at blinds calm when
you use promo code clayvin and I know
what you're thinking you're thinking
I've been struck blinds I never mind how
do we spell Clavin it's que la vie aan
there's no e in no ease and Clavin
there's never any ease for the clave ins
of this world I just make it look easy
it's blinds.com promo code Clavin for up
to 20% off everything for wood blinds
cellular shades roller shades and more
blinds.com promo code Clavin rules and
restrictions apply I hope you can hear
that siren in the background the one
let's the lovely music of New York you
know remember of Dracula when he heard
the wolf said ah the rule children of
the night let the music they may can
only hear siren in New York it's ah
children of New York what music they
make anyway I finally I just want to
play one more cut about this about you
know using Martin Luther King data
hammer
the left which I really don't think is
fair at all since it was Republicans who
were so important in passing the Civil
Rights Act but they they start chris
matthews we've had what's-his-name any
cloud I don't know how to pronounce his
name is with an african-american
think-tank and he starts talking about
the fact that Trump is always picking on
oh boy
who used to be President I don't
remember because his legacy has turned
to ash and blown away like the dust of
yesteryear but here's ears Chris
Matthews psychoanalyzing with Eddie
cloudy psychoanalyzing the president
refresher course and Obama hatred what
is that about is that just playing the
race card I mean when he goes after
Obama has nothing to do with the current
conversation at all
and starts talking about cheating Obama
is that just playing the ethnic thing I
mean sometimes I wonder if that's just
what he does to keep that base happy
your thoughts I think so Chris I think
it is in part a part of the kind of race
baiting that is in some ways a feature
of his invocation of the immigration
question he's appealing to the to the
baser instincts of his base as it were
it's also a case study for Freud in
terms of projection there's something
about his obsession with Obama and what
he's constantly projecting on to him
that suggests something about his psyche
in some ways how they go on about his
truth follow this all the way what is it
it seems to me that the success of Obama
the fact that Obama clowned him at to
use the kind of colloquial phrase clown
he met that I forget which event it was
the White House press cards the
president yeah yeah exactly the success
of the success of his administration
over the eight years the fact that Obama
made fun of him or cloud him at the
press at the Press Club meeting right
has made him the object of Trump's scorn
go go deeper ready go deep deep because
we've never had a president who blamed
his predecessor before you know I wanted
to bring in some samples of Obama
blaming george w bush throughout for
eight years of his presidency for the
fact that his presidency unlike what
they were telling you on MSNBC his
presidency really was a failure all the
way it was a real dud and he blamed
george w bush but there were so many of
them i couldn't pick one out so I just
brought Jay Leno making a joke about it
President Obama to the opening of his
Presidential Library later this month
brother Obama's is looking forward to
going through the library see if there's
anything else
he could blame bush for so he's gotta be
right through all the files find a way
to get there and and you'll notice the
audience got the joke right away they
knew exactly what he was talking about
and applauded because they knew that
that is what what Obama did so let's see
let us see what the number how things
are right now I got some numbers from
the Brookings Institute just to compare
how things were and how things are to
how things were in 1940
60% of employed black women worked as
domestic servants today the number is
down to 2.2 percent while 60% hold
white-collar jobs in 1958 44 percent of
whites 44 percent of whites said they
would move if a black family became
their next-door neighbor today what
would you guess the figure is the figure
is 1% in 1964 the year this Civil Rights
Act was passed only 18 percent of whites
claim to have a friend who was black
today 86 percent say they do while 87
percent of blacks assert they have white
friends more than 40 percent of African
Americans now consider themselves
members of the middle class 42 percent
on their own homes a figure that rises
to 75 percent and this is important it
rises to 75 percent if we look just at
black married couples okay so if they're
following you know the the middle class
the bourgeois rules they get the
Bushwick goods black two-parent families
earn only 13 percent less than those who
are white almost a third of the black
population lives in suburbia because
these are facts the media seldom report
the black underclass continues to define
black America in the view of much of the
public now still there's still racial
gaps and in economics I think there's
still a the terrible staff that I think
30% of blacks are still living in in bad
situations but Jason Riley points out
that columnist see is with the Manhattan
Institute and writes for The Wall Street
Journal he says racial gaps were
steadily narrowing in the 1940s 50s and
60s but they would expand in the 70s 80s
and 90s which suggests the disparities
that continue today aren't being driven
by racism notwithstanding claims to the
contrary from liberals and their allies
in the media it also suggests that
attitudes toward marriage education work
and the rule
law play a much larger role than the
left wants to acknowledge more marches
won't address out of wedlock
childbearing and more sit-ins won't wear
black crime rates or narrow the school
achievement gap and that's what I was
saying to these young people I was
saying you know there is not one thing
not one thing that is going to stop a
young millennial today in his life from
getting the things in his life he will
not miss out on anything because of
racism it's just not gonna happen I mean
to me now I have to say when the leftist
uses racism to mean any untoward feeling
you might have but that's ridiculous
that kind of racism is a subset of
tribalism and we all have that we all
follow our teams we all like our our
people better than other people those
are just feelings that you have they
don't really mean very much and there's
what racism is is it's a philosophy
racism is a philosophy that there is a
moral difference between you know a
quality difference between different
races so you know I started to look this
up and I've looked it up before and I
you know I always feel when people go to
IQ they're like I said it's racism by
other means that they're talking about
genetics but the fact is over the last
few years in spite of the fact that
there's a great taboo of studying racial
differences in genetics they are
discovering racial differences in
genetics evolution doesn't stop it
affects the brain just like it affects
every other organ you know I think it's
about 50,000 years ago we came out of
Africa human beings came out of Africa
and they divided into the three great
races the you know the Asian and white
and bi and and evolution has been
working on us ever since and they are
finding you know minor differences and
and different obviously there it is
fairly well accepted but right now at
least there is a difference in IQ but
one of the things about this and again
IQ is a predictor of outcomes but one of
the things about this is if you look
over time in 1971 the average American
17 year old african-american could read
no better than the typical white child
who was six years younger the racial gap
in math in 1973 was four point three
years in science it was four point seven
years in 1970 by the late 1980s however
the picture was notably brighter black
students in their final year of
Highschool were only 2.5 years behind
whites in both reading and math and 2.1
years behind on tests of writing skills
but between 1988 and 1994 the racial gap
in reading grew it grew wider and nobody
knows why this happens could have been
the crack ech academic but it also could
have been left-wing teachers who stopped
teaching facts and started teaching
that's silly you know kind of
politically correct nonsense that
doesn't help people it doesn't expand
their mind okay so let's let's look at
some of this some of the some of the
stats about IQ there's a guy named
Nicholas Wade used to be the science
writer at the New York Times he's been
writing about this a lot and he talks
about the fact that there's just no
denying that there are racial
differences here's this this Club the
academic community as a whole have come
to the view that the best way to fight
racism is to deny quite contractually
that it has any biological basis um so
this movement started really in the
1950s when everyone had the Holocaust
much on their mind and and people sort
of readily accepted that it was best to
pray down the biological aspects of of
race and this when claimed on evolution
to so many social scientists have no use
for evolution even though it is the
informing theory of biology so you have
this quite profoundly I would say anti
scientific attitude that reigns among
academics in the United States and
elsewhere so in spite of the fact that
we are all genetically the same that
problem is deep in the in the genomes or
these things called alleles or something
they are the things that make the
difference between us even though we're
genetically so similar the problem is
the problem is whether or not see we
don't know like things
genetic things that are genetic traits
can change very very quickly you know
you start eating well and suddenly your
whole race gets taller in a generation
we don't know yet how embedded
these differences are we don't know how
much of them are due to culture and how
much of them are scientific but my
question is this what what is the
difference what is the difference if it
is wrong as I think it is when a person
walks into a room to take him by the way
he looks or the way she looks with
whether it's a he or she if it is wrong
to hire a person that way which I think
it is if it's wrong not to hire people
on the merits if it's wrong not to
support people on the merits of both
their personalities and their integrity
and their intelligence if it's wrong to
do that why isn't it wrong to look at
large groups of people that way why
isn't it right to deal with the problems
that beset our society problems like
poverty problems like it single-parent
homes I mean these are real problems
problems like you know drug use why
isn't it right to look at those problems
without race at all what would happen if
we just stop talking about race would
that be better or it would it be worse I
want I'll end with this do we have the
picture of Korea North and South Korea
seen from the air if you look at North
and South Korea seen from the air I'll
describe it in educational listening and
not watching and you've probably seen
this North Korea where there's a
communist of pret where there's
communist oppression it's pitch black
there's no electricity just a couple of
bright spots South Korea is just alive
with light and life and it's clearly an
operating modern society because they're
free there can't be a whole hell of a
difference between the genetics in North
and South Korea so the vast vast vast
difference that culture makes is
dispositive the vast difference that
culture makes changes everything
and if after correcting for you know
single-parent homes after correcting for
drug use after trying to fight the
causes of poverty and the entrenchment
of poverty with education with different
kinds of education letting go of your
liberal fantasies and teaching what
really matters if after that things are
disparate well then things are disparate
so what you know I mean that is not that
is not the problem if you stop thinking
about race then it won't be a matter of
race anymore it will simply be a matter
of culture that has to be true that has
to be true we know it for a fact all
right so that is what I have to say and
I would I would say it anywhere I want
to
remind you that the conversation is
coming up it is coming up April 10th
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and
it features the lovely and talented
Andrew Clavin the guy is just incredible
I won't answer any question that you
also the also lovely you know almost as
lovely Alecia Kraus will be there asking
the questions here's what you do you and
the episode is a stream live on The
Daily wires Facebook and YouTube pages
and it's free for everyone to watch goes
on at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific on April 10th anyone can watch
it but only subscribers can ask the
question so come on over to the daily
wire comm subscribe it's allowing 10
bucks a month and all your questions
will be answered and of course answers
guarantee 100% correct to ask questions
as a subscriber log on to the website
dolly dobot died up always hi young guy
and I just thought I'd do a little bit
Chinese daily wire.com and head over to
the conversation page to watch the live
stream after that just start typing into
the daily wired chat box where I will
answer questions as they come in for an
entire hour and best of all you will get
to hear your words spoken by Alicia
crops once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by me on Tuesday
April 10th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific join the conversation
alright let us go to young ma she is the
author of Chinese girl in the ghetto at
which I have read it's really good a
memoir about getting to know freedom
from post-match aina to inner-city
Oakland she's the former deputy director
of the committee for American
sovereignty a pro-trump super PAC she's
a contributor at the Washington Examiner
and a visiting fellow at the Hoover
Institution of war revolution and peace
being also worked on the first
professional staff of the us-china
economic and Security Review Commission
we had a really fascinating talk about
what's going in China on in China right
now young ma thank you very much for
coming on it's great to see you and I'm
sorry you're so far away now you're in
Washington yeah well thank you for
having its greatest online what so so
I'm watching the events unfold with Kim
jong-un be
invited to China before what is supposed
to be the summit with Donald Trump and I
heard a lot of commentary a lot of
people saying the Chinese are showing
support for him and wondered is that is
that the way you see it too is this
China backing him to the hilt
or is it them pulling him aside and
saying get get your mind right I think
on the surface what they're trying to do
the two countries they're trying to look
like they're actually on the same page
they want to show some form of a united
front before Kim actually meets with
Donald Trump but there are a lot of
tensions on the Chinese have been really
frustrated with Kim jong-un's antics and
I think the North Koreans have been
incredibly angry with the Chinese - I do
think that the meeting took place in
part because it would seem unseemly for
Kim jong-un to go meet with the United
States which she considers an enemy
before he meets with his most ardent
ally China which supplies him with his
economic lifeline and so it does appear
that that the meeting makes sense in
that in that vein and obviously China
and North Korea have been allies for
decades now and it makes sense for the
truth at least the two leaders of the
two countries to actually sit down
together before historic summit leave us
what why are they allies I mean they
decide a stupid question it just seems
to me that Kim Jong was such a a loon
whereas China whatever you think of it
as obviously a rational country in a
world actor what what do they get out of
North Korea well I think there are a
number of things I mean they began
became allies back in the Cold War
obviously back then there was a
communist North Korea communist China
and the two fought a war together a lot
of Chinese people died in the Korean War
and you know and the and the alliance or
in friendship will cement it in that
fashion and they call it as close as
lips and teeth it's a it's a way of
describing the alliance over the years
obviously China has changed leaps and
bounds and North Korea still appears to
be stuck in the
Stone Age this crazy person and I think
it's one reason why the tensions have
been so apparent a lot of people in
China that ridicule Jim John lemon and
they jokingly call him the third fatty
because his grandfather's first third
fatty and all three of them you know are
sort of it almost seems like every one
of them is more of a caricature of the
one before China I think a gene used to
provide support to North Korea for a
number of reasons one is that China does
not wish to see a unified Korea under
South Korea Command which has an
alliance with the United States and
having the United States that close to
its border right there in its face is
not something that China wants number
two China also doesn't want North Korea
to collapse even if it really finds the
North Korean regime to be idiotic and
completely completely counterproductive
and not useful to China's foes of
its economic development and a number of
other things if the North Korean regime
were to collapse and sends a whole bunch
of refugees across the Chinese North
Korean border that could have a huge
impact on the stability of Chinese
society and that's also something that
China does not want and it's one reason
why it continues to prop up the North
Korean regime interesting you know you
you were you're the former deputy
director of the committee for American
sovereignty which was a pro Trump super
PAC so you've been a big supporter of
President Trump is is he is he is he
behaving wisely in sort of hoping China
is gonna help him out with dealing with
North Korea or is he playing a fool's
game well I think he's not depending
solely on China I think he's talked a
lot about his chemistry with the Chinese
president he talked about how well the
two of them get along together and it
does seem to be the case but I don't
think he's depending solely on China
you know we've got sanctions at the UN
against North Korea and they're some of
the toughest sanctions that have been
levied against the North Korean regimes
and raging min and the sanctions have
you got to fight and I think it's one
reason why the more
for Korean regime has indicated and
willingness to come to the table but but
if you look at some of the actions that
Trump has taken against China recently
the tariffs against China on aluminum
and steel and then also the prep the the
promise tears that are coming that are
worth about sixty billion dollars or so
on the Chinese on a wide variety of
Chinese goods uh Trump is not just
sitting around saying you know I'll do
whatever the Chinese president wants me
to do I think he wants China to be more
helpful in China is in a position to be
more helpful than any other country but
at the same time he's threatening this
crazy lunatic in North Vietnamese own
way too so so I think he's using a wide
variety of tools and some of them appear
to to outside observers as perhaps
unintentional but but only the President
himself can tell you that he's you know
how intentional his rhetoric is more and
I think leaving a certain amount of
uncertainty it's part of part of the
objective - how did you feel about the
tariffs I mean that you know obviously
there's people on the right most of us
are free traders and tariffs always seem
to hurt us as much as they hurt anybody
else but it what do you feel Trump's up
to with that is that just a negotiation
ploy with China or is he looking for
something specific so I would separate
the steel tariffs aluminum tariffs that
were announced the board although right
now we've learned that the president is
going to grant exemptions to certain
countries like Canada Australia and and
others I would separate those tariffs
from the impending tariffs that will be
levied against China on a whole range of
product and and those tariffs are
suppose to worth about fifty to sixty
sixty billion dollars on the latter set
of tariffs I actually think um they're
not a bad idea I think most of us
conservatives are free traders but but
but many would argue that it's China
that is started the trade war not in the
United States that that the set of
tariffs the larger set of terrorists
that we were talking about in many ways
is a sign of u.s. frustration with
decades-long
um complaints about the Chinese
government doing business in a very
unfair way and that kind of unfairness
would include everything from stealing
our intellectual property we've got a
government report that says every year
about six hundred billion dollars of
worth of intellectual property is stolen
from the United States economy and most
of that can be attributed to China now
furthermore we get China does something
that is incredibly falling to US
companies which is that it forces them
to transfer technology to China to
Chinese actors Chinese entities in
exchange from our own market access and
there is a an investigation that took
place recently by the government and and
the conclusion was that every year about
30 billion of course is lost to that
kind of horse technology transfer and
the set of China's specific tariffs that
the president announced recently is an
indication of how frustrated the US
government is precisely against that
kind of predatory economic activities
and and how the Chinese government has
not in fact reciprocated with Western
governments on opening its market space
and in the past we have taken a lot of
actions that are sort of much more
focused on negotiations but I think the
president has taken a completely
different route which is to come right
out and threaten China with all these
tariffs and and and what we've seen
since then is that even though China has
said well we're gonna love you some
terrible on you two is that the two
countries have actually begun a dialogue
about what they can do particularly what
China can do to open up its markets more
and so if the tariffs actually get us to
a place where we have wanted to go for a
long time but have not been able to go
then I don't think we can give Donald
Trump some amount of credit for doing
things in a much more disruptive way too
you know and for changing the equation
in a way that previous presidents have
not been able to do now with the Stephen
lumen on tariffs I I am much not nearly
as big a fan of those I just found those
to be generally a headache and in the
way they've been rolled out to be a bit
problematic but
on the China so if I actually think that
it's it's not a bad idea at all it's a
good way to try something new I what is
it you know for a while it seemed like
China was actually gonna kind of
liberalize and now the president
basically seems to have had himself
elected for life which always which
always feels a bad spot doesn't always
give me what are they up to I mean is
that is that a movement toward
liberalisation is that over are they
going to try to run a market economy
with a from an authoritarian regime is
that the plan I think they are actually
gonna try to run an economy that has
market characteristics but it's
ultimately controlled by the party and
that is something that they are
unwilling to let go of what we're seeing
in China is a manifestation of the party
being in charge of politics here in the
US you know we've got the government and
we've got the two different parties and
we've got various third parties that are
far less prominent but but there is a
big difference between what the
Republican Party does and what the
Democratic Party does in China there's
increasing on no such separation and in
fact that separate separation was very
was much more tenuous to begin with
because the party the Communist Party in
China invades and pervades every aspect
of life even after China has given rise
to its economy after all these years of
sort of having a more open society what
and what not that what we're seeing
under heated paying in particularly his
recent stint of making himself Emperor
for life a president for life is that
the party is back firmly in control
particularly under the control from man
and it is disturbing her a number of
reasons because if you look at the
Communist Party in the previous decades
despite its authoritarian rule it
actually had a process a managed process
for peacefully transferring power from
one to another and we saw that if you in
recent decades and now what we're seeing
is something almost a kid something kind
of very similar to power transition in
Russia which is that there's not going
to be a transition
and and I I think if you want a stable
communist authoritarian regime you could
potentially have something very stable
under this president but in the long run
you know that then you get other
problems which is that instead of
authoritarian institutions you get an
authoritarian and I think ultimately in
wrong and that's not good for China's
reform prospects at all but it is what
it is this current president is very
charismatic and he's been able he's also
accumulated a massive amount of power
and and that is something that time
which what's your take on in Meza
personally I mean in terms of his the
level of his bent toward oppression of
the people well I think he is very
effective at amassing power it's pretty
amazing to watch how quickly and and how
much he's been able to do he's purged a
lot of his opponents including Mary Mary
some very powerful people within the
Communist Party within the government
and that's also one of his problems
which is that because he has gone after
so many of people these people and in
most of time is under the guise of an
anti-corruption campaign that if he were
just to relinquish power what would
happen to him you know because in one of
the people who went out was a very
powerful former security chief of the
Communist Party and that guy was retired
when the season thing went after him and
and in some ways it broke sort of an
unwritten rule about going after these
powerful leaders while they're out of
office and and so it's a little bit of
the same calculus that Putin has to ask
himself to write oh who would exist
there will be plenty of people coming
after he's authoritarian leaders once
they leave office simply because they've
made so many enemies
the current leader I think is very keen
on making China more powerful more
modern more rich all of those things
that he is not particularly interested
in granting more freedoms in the sense
of democratizing or or or you know
and those things so so I think the
authoritarians
very strong you know one of the things
that drive me nuts I'm running out of
time so there's got to be my last
question but one of the things that
drives me nuts is the kind of affection
that especially on the left that they
have for this idea of an authoritarian
but prosperous country so you get
obviously Thomas Friedman is the big one
who says oh if we could only be China
for a day we could solve all our
problems but I hear it a lot do you
think their economy is as strong as it
seems I mean it always seems to me that
you can't actually run a free economy
without making the people free but maybe
I've got that wrong I mean maybe you can
do all kinds of things that I don't like
so do you feel that their economy is as
strong as people think it is is it going
to continue to grow under this kind of
authoritarian regime certainly the
Chinese government grow what we do know
is that you can underneath their
economic growth there are a lot of
problems lurking and so you know Thomas
Friedman for instance loves to talk
about how China builds its
infrastructure but we all know that
during the financial crisis one kind of
Unleashed you know trillions of dollars
into its economy what it ended up
building were a whole bunch of ghost
cities that nobody live it you know
nobody actually losing when they built
their high-speed rail really quickly we
found out that in fact the high speed
rail some of certain legs of it we're
really not built very long it ended up
leading to a very tragic accident some
years ago there are all kinds of things
like that being a Chinese economy they
they I think what I would hope they
would do that they would continue with
liberalizing the economy because the
economy is still not a carpet the market
economy there are vast sections of the
economy that are that are still
controlled by the state and I think that
will remain the case and and and I think
that will continue to hinder out 3 they
can be in how prosperous they can be
simply because the logic that the party
the logic of an authoritarian government
is too cheap to keep a tight lid of all
of those things and ultimately I do
think that it will hinder the kind of
group that they actually can have
interesting
thank you my author of Chinese girl in
the ghetto which I read and recommend
you that's amazing do you have an
amazing story you can find her at our
website ying ma org and on twitter @ gz
gz2 ghetto so GC t OU GH e GG o u mots
great to see you and i hope you come to
LA soon she's really interested kind of
a little intimidating she knows so much
you know it's like you can ask her
anything on the subject and she always
has a big answer alright stuff I like I
has anybody seen dark on Netflix you
liked stranger things dark is like
stranger things for grownups it's a
German show so I watched it in German
with subtitles you can press the button
right and just watch it dubbed if you
like but I like to watch it in the
original language so I can see the guys
act but it is really really interesting
just a ver it's a very creepy slow burn
you know you go in for about three
episodes before you really have a sense
of where it's going and what's going on
and it's just a lot of mysterious stuff
and you know it makes sense and it
involves this little town in Germany
where a child went missing I think 30 or
so years before and now another child
has gone missing and it's just repeating
itself this situation is repeating
itself it's really powerful it's been
renewed for a second season I was a
little sorry it's gonna have a second
season because I thought I wanted it to
just wholly resolved itself and it
doesn't resolve the season but it
obviously leaves it the door open for
more but I really a good character based
thriller that I think if you like
stranger things and you're a grown up I
think you'll actually like it I I won't
say I liked it more than the first
stranger things because that first one
was so well put together but it's
certainly more original and very
different and the relationships are just
a lot more complex alright
the clayvin this weekend has come
there's nothing more I can do for you
abandon all hope ye who enter here those
of you who survived come back on Monday
I will be here I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by mic core Mina hair and
makeup is by jesuit vera and our
animations are by cynthia Angulo and
jacob jackson the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
