a crazed female Persian vegan animal
rights activist shot and wounded several
people at YouTube's California
headquarters yesterday and then killed
herself and of course there's nothing
funny about that
but that's not gonna stop me after the
shooting Democrats immediately called
for new laws forcing Persians to eat
more meat while Republicans defended the
American right to indulge in cultish
dietary fats with no nutritional science
to back them up Diane Feinstein told
reporters quote only in America do we
have Persians running around without
enough beefsteak in their bellies to
keep them from becoming homicidal
unquote while Republican Mike Lee said
quote when our founders wrote the
Constitution they foresaw that there
might one day come a time when crazed
females might indulge in idiotic diets
that just make them want to kill and
kill unquote meanwhile CNN covered the
story by interviewing several children
who had been traumatized by watching the
incident on CNN Allison Cameron Rota
announced quote these are the young
people who will save our country while
the young people wept hysterically and
tried to hurl themselves out the studio
window to avoid being used to push the
network's political agenda the last word
went to Donald Trump who tweeted quote
my thoughts and prayers are with our
wonderful ranchers who supply so much
great American beef to so many terrific
American restaurants unquote everyone
agreed that the YouTube incident
provided a welcome relief from talking
about guns trigger warning a manager
Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right I am just barely here I'm so
jet-lagged and exhausted that if I just
keel over in the middle of the show
they'll have to forgive me it is mailbag
day however all your problems will be
solved and if they're not solved today
on Tuesday April 10th we will be having
the next conversation 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific and this time it's
featuring Andrew Clavin and he is just
terrific I love him if you haven't
already joined the conversation series
it's our monthly Q&A hosted by the
beautiful Alicia Kraus where we answer
any and all questions from politics of
the personal the episode will stream
live on Daily wires Facebook and YouTube
pages it's free for everyone to watch
but only subscribers can ask the
questions just like in the mail back to
ask questions as a subscriber log into
the website daily wire.com head over to
the conversation page to watch the live
screen and after that just start typing
into the daily wire chat box to hear
your questions read any Alicia's little
stones once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by me on Tuesday
April 10th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific and join the conversation
we have so much stuff to talk about
today and in the meantime we also have
to serve our beautiful sponsors and we
have a great new sponsor this is honey
if you never turn down free money right
so if you shop online without the best
coupons you're already paying too much
and fortunately there is a free browser
extension called honey that
automatically finds the best coupons on
the web so you always get the best
prices on everything online they told me
about this in our pre-call when I was
talking to the sponsor I went home and
tried it and I immediately ordered
something on Amazon and it just plugged
the coupon in saved me four bucks on a
$19 purchase it's really is amazing it
just kind of haunts your it's totally
free it takes like a second
- to get you know to sign on it scans
and test millions of coupons in the
background it all works in the
background over seven million people are
using this thing every day and together
they've saved millions of dollars it's
called honey and when honey's got your
back you'll never overpay for anything
again there is no reason not to add
honey to your browser today rillettes
it's so easy just try it it's free it
just takes seconds to install it'll save
you tons of money add honey to your
browser for free right now at join honey
dot-com / Andrew that's join honey calm
/ Andrew tell him we sent you because
then our sponsors will love us and we
will remain here and that is what we're
trying to do so I you know thank you to
young America's Foundation and Hobart
Hobart and William Smith Colleges young
Americans for freedom for hosting me
last night I gave a speech there and it
was quite an experience I mean first of
all I love talking to college students I
think it's really interesting you really
hear things you don't hear too often but
I have to tell you there was some
shameful shameful stuff I mean not at my
event was really great the people were
great
lots of left-wing students came up and
talked to me they were civil they were
polite they were intense and passionate
and I you know we disagree but we
disagreed in a civil way and that was
fabulous at previous events I was told
that there was real name-calling
shouting not not actual violence
although a table was turned over and
what is really just shameful about it is
that the the administration is giving
these people no protection and giving
the Conservatives no protection and
basically allowing troublemakers to do
what they want now as I say my event was
absolutely great but and it's not the
students and my problem was not with the
students it was the faculty - to
counteract conservatives having speakers
what they did was a faculty member hilde
his own conference talking about the
wonders and beauties of communism and
how Soviet the Soviet Union just kind of
didn't do it right you know but
communism really works great and I just
I think that if you were teaching
communism to young people I think you
are a bad person
I think this is something you know if
they talk about this science is settled
the science is settled this is something
that doesn't
and you know somebody asked me about
this after the after the Q&A period
someone asked me about places like
Norway you know places that like Bernie
Sanders is always talking about
somewhere in Scandinavia over there
coming on the socialism works great and
what what is you know I said to her I
gave her all the usual answers you know
that these are homogeneous small
imaginative societies they actually are
not socialist societies they actually
have opened a free market even though
they have a lot of high taxes and a lot
of welfare spending they're still not
you know actual socialist societies but
then you know they have this thing in
France it-it's called something like the
esprit de escala a it means the spirit
of the the width of the staircase when
you think of something to say after you
leave and after I left I thought you
know let me ask you this about
Scandinavia
do they use cell phones because then
they're living off capitalism do they
use cars light bulbs electricity and all
the things that were invented under
capitalism are they using those things
because in in Norway they invented the
paperclip and that's about it
so they say well these people are
incredibly happy yeah they're happy
because they're living off us
essentially plus they're living off our
protection or military protection that
they don't have I know they don't like
to hear that but that is true I mean
they are being paid for by the engines
of capitalism by us insofar as we remain
in a capitalist country and I just think
it's all it's just phony to teach these
kids this stuff and like the other thing
that really bugged me and I you know
like again the kids themselves were
lovely and I'm not knocking them but
they have been trained to look at
everything through the lens of race and
they do not understand you know and it's
hard to I said to them they were shocked
I mean you could see in their faces I
said them not one of you is gonna ever
be stopped from doing anything you want
to do because of race I said you're
gonna call it you know your generation
is gonna colonize the moon the last
thing you should be thinking about is
race but they think about everything in
terms of race and it is just a way of
controlling them keeping them on the
farm and and so is shutting down
conservative speakers and anybody
anybody who shuts down speakers is just
trying to control you I don't care I
don't even care if it's a hateful
speaker you can always define full
speaker with better ideas the worst
thing that can happen is your laugh Adam
or argue with them or walk away but you
know when they're shutting people down
is because they only want you to hear
their opinions speaking of which
speaking of which there is this meme
going around about the Donald Trump stir
that is in like every paper about how
suddenly Trump is unleashed you know
before he was being held in the back by
his advisers but now he's cleaned out
all his advisors and he's only
surrounded himself with people he likes
which it translates into people the
media doesn't like and this is just oh
my gosh now everything is going to go
Kirkland Cerf Louie you know some guy a
guy named Matthew Walther writes for the
week and he hates Donald Trump and he
wrote a piece called why Trump is more
popular than ever and I just want to
read a little bit of this because it's
finally like a little it's like a little
light bulb going on in a journalist line
he says it's not surprising that after a
little more than a year in office many
people who voted for the president still
support him but it's surprising that a
president who has been the object of
more negative reporting than any in our
history still enjoys something like the
same middling base of support he had
before taking office unless it's the
negative reporting that is in his mind
the problem which I suspect is very
largely the case you can only ask in
other words he's saying that the
hysterical anti Trump reporting is
making Trump more popular at Drudge had
him at 51% I think that must be
Rasmussen
he's usually seen around 42 or 46
somewhere in there but still his
popularity is going up so this guy says
you know you can only ask adults to
participate in the fiction that a
retweet of a wrestling gif is a credible
threat of violence against some nerd
reporters at a cable station or delight
in what you hope will be the failure of
American trade policy before they decide
to tune you out very largely this had
already happened by an oration day by
now the work of MSNBC and the New York
Times and PolitiFact
is complete millions of Americans do not
know the difference between what is true
and what is false and have decided that
they do not much care there was I liked
fondly to imagine a different course
that might have been taken here it is
just possible I suppose that members of
my profession journalism could have
exercised their reasoning faculties to
decide what in the administration was
good and what was bad we chose not to
exercise this responsibility so this may
is is going around it was missing both
the New York Times and The Wall Street
Journal today
here's Trump he's talking and he says
he'd like to pull his that our troops
out of Syria because Isis has been
largely cleaned up so here is Trump
saying that to a reporter gonna get out
I want to bring our troops back home I
want to start rebuilding our nation we
will have as of three months ago seven
trillion dollars in the Middle East over
the last 17 years
nothing nothing out of it nothing so
here's the New York Times reporting on
this on foreign policy president Trump
Roberts - candidate Trump now you could
translate that into non Times in English
to say President Trump is trying to
uphold his promises as a candidate
because what he's doing is he's
fulfilling his america-first agenda
pulling us out of foreign wars he thinks
are done and he thinks we're not getting
out of them but this is the New York
Times president Trump has been commander
in chief for 14 months but to an uncanny
degree he still sounds like the armchair
statesman who ran for the White House in
far from learning far from learning on
the job or modifying his views to fit
the imperatives of America's global role
as did so many of his predecessors mr.
Trump is falling back on the familiar
mix of belligerence and isolationism
that fueled his America first campaign
so by you know being who he said he was
he is doing something terrible and yet
he sounds very much like another
president I used to know who sounded a
little bit like this this is cut number
five American workers built this country
and now we need American workers to
rebuild this country that's what we need
it is time we take some of the money
that we spent on wars use half of it to
pay down our debt and then use the rest
of it to do some nation-building right
here at all hey you know your if you're
looking at me and saying this guy looks
like he has not slept in days it's
because I have not slept in days and one
of the things is I'm missing my bowling
branch sheets when I'm at home I can lie
awake on my bowling branch sheets and
sheets and not sleep and I'm so
incredibly comfortable
we're here in hotels I'm just you know
just lying there uncomfortable totally
uncomfortable but Boland Brants you
don't need to spend a fortune to get the
rest or the comfort that you need great
sleep starts with the right sheets and
great line awake also starts with the
right sheets and they're more affordable
than you think with Boleyn branch they
let me give you three most important
words for being comfortable for getting
a good night's sleep it's being
comfortable having great sheets being
that you know that cool crisp feeling
you get with sheets at that that's what
makes the difference what makes bull and
branch unique is that each sheet is
crafted from 100% organic cotton and
that means ball and branch sheets not
only feel incredible but they also look
amazing and since Boleyn branch sells
exclusively online you don't pay that
expensive retail markup you're getting
half getting twice the quality for half
the price go to Boleyn branch calm today
and you'll get $50 off your first set of
sheets plus free shipping in the US when
you use the promo code Clavin and you
will lie on these sheets and you will
save yourself I am so comfortable I
can't remember how to spell Clavin it's
KLA
VA n and you'll get $50 off plus free us
shipping right now at bowl and branch
comm it's spelled bol l and branch comm
promo code Clavin Bowlin branch comm
promo code Clavin you'll get a great
night's sleep or if you like me you'll
get a great night lying awake
alright so that establish Obama of
saying the same thing it's time to come
home home it's time to help their
American workers and the reason we were
in Syria
lest we forget is because Obama pulled
out of Iraq because Obama to let the
Syrian civil war go on without doing
anything and Obama basically remember
said Isis it's in the Jade
we don't have to fight Isis it's no big
deal and they set the entire Middle East
on fire so how did the New York Times
cover Obama pulling out of Iraq
President Obama listen to this this is
from 20 2011 President Obama who first
ran for office campaigning against the
war has never wavered on his promise to
bring the troops home the last few
thousand will be out of Iraq by year's
end we celebrate the return but this
country must never forget the
intolerable costs of a war started on
arrogance and lies so Obama keeping his
campaign promise and he did it was a
stupid promise and he kept it that was a
sign of integrity and honesty
but Trump keeping his campaign promise
is the worst thing ever and you know
this is true on everything Trump does
everything he does it's not judged like
the guy said oh is this policy good or
is this policy bad it's judged on Trump
it's just be bad because Trump did it
it's like it's like gluten and not said
that set the Rogen film this is the end
where he says you don't know what gluten
is and Rogan says sorry no gluten is
everything bad that's the way they treat
Donald Trump and so they do this you
know also there's a piece in The Wall
Street Journal same pieces in the New
York Times Trump plunges ahead with
America first nationalist approach and
he blames the fact that all these guys
have been fired this is Gerald side he
blames the fact that all the guys were
fired and that he not enough is getting
done in the Senate in Congress and by
the way I don't want to get too deep
into the political weeds about this but
Mitch McConnell is to blame for a lot of
stuff that's going on because he is
slow-walking everything he is playing
it's so safe that nothing gets done and
Trump decides well what you know I don't
need to negotiate I don't need to
compromise I don't need to talk to
anybody because they're not doing
anything anyway and he goes off on his
own so again there's this caravan of
people heading for the border and Trump
says he's gonna call the National Guard
and send them in to defend the border
here's here's Trump just saying that
until we can have a wall in proper
security we're gonna be guarding our
border with the military that's a big
step we really haven't done that before
or certainly not very much before but we
will be
doing things with Mexico and they have
to do it otherwise I'm not going to do
the NAFTA deal NAFTA has been fantastic
from Mexico bad for us we've had our car
plants moved to Mexico many of them we
make tremendous numbers millions of cars
in Mexico that years ago didn't exist
they closed in Michigan they closed in
Ohio they closed in other places now
they're starting to move back because of
what we've done with regulation and with
taxes they're starting to come back into
our country in a big way but I told
Mexico very strongly you're gonna have
to do something about these caravans
that are coming up and I just noticed
that the caravan now which is toward the
middle of Mexico coming up from Honduras
is breaking it up very rapidly that's
because Mexico has very strong
immigration was as we should have sir so
you know obviously this is he because
he's racist because he hates Mexicans
because he's a warlike you know starting
a war on the night Mexican work but
let's listen to another president I used
to know talking about the border as well
when he was not president but when he
was campaigning this is cut number four
we all agree on the need to better
secure the border and to punish
employers who choose to hire illegal
immigrants you know we are a generous
and welcoming people here in the United
States but those who enter the country
illegally and those who employ them
disrespect the rule of law and they are
showing disregard to those who are
following the law we simply cannot allow
people to pour into the United States
undetected undocumented unchecked and
circumventing the line of people who are
waiting patiently diligently and
lawfully to become immigrants in this
country so that's why we need to start
by giving agencies charged with border
security new technology new facilities
and more people to stop process and
deport illegal immigrants guy is tough
on those illegal immigrants isn't he
that must not like I don't think he
likes Mexicans very
I think that's that's the problem with
him you know all I'm saying is that
Trump is doing what he said he would do
and Obama wide
Obama said he was gonna do stuff that he
didn't do he did not stop the border and
then blamed us for wanting our borders
to be secure I mean and and you know
hearing I'll give it to you in a
nutshell I'll give it to you in one clip
okay
Scott Pruett EPA guy right
he is dialing back some of the mileage
standards that the Obama administration
had and anything that involves an
environment it must be good right
anything Obama did that involved the
environment listen to the way CPS
reports this I mean you want to talk
about fake news listen to the way that
CBS reports then dialing back these
Obama regulations and then I'll tell you
what the regulations really are the EPA
will announce plans today to reverse
Obama Arab fuel standards meant to fight
air pollution the move sets up a
showdown with environmental group the
Trump administration is set to roll back
one of President Barack Obama's
signature policies on the environment
the move comes from the head of the
Environmental Protection Agency that's
got Pruitt today Pruitt is expected to
announce a reversal of tougher Obama era
standards for rules on greenhouse gas
emissions and fuel economy that would
set up a showdown with lawmakers and
environmental groups meanwhile the White
House is reportedly reviewing reports
that Pruitt paid a below market rate to
live in a Washington condo tied to an
energy energy lobbyists energy industry
lobbyists that is cheaper ideas at the
White House with more chip good morning
well good morning Pruitt says rolling
back greenhouse gas emissions and fuel
economy standards will help not only the
car industry but also consumers but it's
expected to ignite a firestorm of
criticism here in Washington a firestorm
of criticism that hasn't happened yet
but they're reporting on the future but
that's not what is so dishonest about
that first these ethics violations that
everybody's coming to scott pruett I are
completely political they are completely
political here that apartment that he
was using he got it at a market rate the
person who gave it to him did not have
any business in front of the EPA at the
time is there talking about his travel
expenses which are less than previous
EPA
straighter travel expenses this is a hit
job on Pruitt and I hope the president
knows it is because Pruitt is doing an
excellent job dialing back and
completely overweening at EPA secondly
the signature legislation of the Obama
era is absolute garbage this thing they
basically misused a Nixon Carter era you
know cafe standards they call them
corporate average fuel economy standards
that was coming back from the 70s when
they had gas shortages and people were
waiting on line for gas and they misused
this to mandate a fleet-wide average of
fifty four point five miles a gallon a
number they made up completely in fact
the 0.5 was like a little dig at the car
industry it was just a joke you were
allowed to get around these these
standards by selling electric cars at
below cost so in losing money so the car
industry was supposed to lose money to
serve the government's you know electric
car agenda which is not you know it's
fascism basically the government telling
businesses how to run themselves and I
don't mean fascism like a curse word I
mean literal fascism where the
government is telling a business how its
run instead of communism where they just
take the business over these regulations
were a complete joke they were complete
they did very very little for the
environment they have very very little
environmental effect and this kind of
outrage that's going on it's just Obama
good Trump bad let me stop here and then
I'll wind this up but I so we can get to
the mailbag but first I have to talk
about Skillshare you know I like
Skillshare I have tested it a number of
times where I go on Skillshare it's an
online learning platform has over 18,000
classes and all kinds of things design
business technology and more and
basically you get experts in their field
doing a series of videos that you can
watch online that are classes and you
don't you pay one time and you don't
have to it's not like you know in-house
what do they call them in-app purchases
you just can watch the entire a series
of classes I've tested them in writing
which I found really useful it was stuff
obviously I was testing it was stuff
obviously new black worship it noted
earlier I had to learn it by doing it it
was good to just see somebody telling
you online I tested it with marketing
and with doing a podcast when Knowles
and I did another Kingdom is really
they're really good they're entertaining
that and it's really easy to use you can
join millions of students already
learning on Skillshare today with a
special offer that is just for my
listeners you get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents so for two
months you try the whole thing I mean
you can do it a whole lot of classes in
two months and it's just $0.99
Skillshare is offering this to my
listeners two months of unlimited access
over 18,000 classes for just 99 cents
and these are things you know from
things that you would use in your
profession that an extra skill or things
that you might just do as a hobby to
sign up go to Skillshare comm slash
andrew Skillshare dot-com slash andrew
to start your two months now that
Skillshare dot-com slash Andrew alright
I'll wind up what I'm talking about with
trunk just and so I can get to the
mailbag Bobby Jindal former Louisiana
governor he wrote a piece in The Wall
Street Journal that just sums it up he
says Trump keeps his predecessors
promises he says true enough President
Trump has wrapped his policy proposals
in harsher rhetoric than his
predecessors and he threatens to go much
further than they contemplated it's also
true however that many of his actions
were previously promised by Democrats
and Republicans alike now that there's a
politician finally seems to be doing an
office where he pledged to do when
campaigning voters can be forgiven for
supporting him and for wondering why
this makes him or them deplorable you
know Obama even said he was going to and
so didn't hillary say that she was going
to renegotiate NAFTA that is supposed to
be such a shocking thing Jindal goes on
to say the lesson is that rhetoric
matters establishment politicians have
been borrowing nationalist rhetoric to
win elections and then maintaining the
same old activist foreign policy free
trade and lacks immigration enforcement
they have spent years offering cheap
talk with no intention of following
through now they are shocked that mr.
Trump an outsider does not play their
sophisticated game if they believe in
the liberal multilateral world order
governed by institutions and rules they
is being threatened by mr. Trump's ethos
of American first they should make that
case but they should trust voters enough
to do it honestly basically the media
cannot believe that the voters said
meant what they said that Trump met
weren't they what they said and I've
talked about Trump's style and how often
and yeah I don't like his style
I've talked about some of the things he
does that I don't like but this is what
he ran on and this is what he's doing
and it is simply and so much of it was
promised by his predecessors and either
the media knew they were lying
or didn't care they were lying because
they were Democrats and so Obama good
Trump bad that is the reporting and of
course Trump's popularity will rise if
they continue to do that all right I got
to say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
come on over to the Daily wire calm
while you're there subscribe for a lousy
$9.99 a month or whatever it may be
let's call it ten oh we'll call it ten
bucks 10 bucks a month it's a hundred
bucks for the whole year and you get the
wonderful leftist tears tumblr I'm
traveling without my left is tears
tumblr no left the Sears that's why I
look like this so you can get all that
and you can ask questions in the mailbag
and on April 10th you can ask questions
in the conversation come on over the
mailbag
you guys are getting slow alright from
Lucy
dear Andrew most brilliant of all
pundits anywhere an author of the one
podcast that is essential and
indispensable all true and all on my
business card you are a Christian and
you do understand I think correctly that
the vast majority of Christians do not
wish to be mean to gays however what
really bothers a lot of us is that
according to the gay agenda children are
not entitled to a real mom and a real
dad in other words we don't care what
consenting adults we don't care
Christians don't care what consenting
adults do in the bedroom that's between
them and God but when it comes to kids
not only is abortion wrong but children
are absolutely entitled to their own
biological married or second-best
adoptive mom and dad your opinion
question mark first of all as always as
always you have to distinguish between
gay people and gay activists I mean this
is entirely two different things same
thing with black people and black
activists women and feminists you know
these these things are not the same and
that has been you know when you talk
about how narrative how the Left
controls the narrative that's the
narrative the narrative is that these
are all the same that they Dan Savage
who sells his disgusting anti God
bullying agenda that he is gay people
and he's not he's just Dan Savage but
they put him on TV because the ordinary
gay guy isn't going on TV he's doing his
job he's going to work he's you know
doing the things that we all do and I
think that that is the problem obviously
when you're fighting against these
activists you have to fight I've said
this a million times but these guys were
going sue who look for some small
businessman who will not make a cake for
a gay wedding and then sue him out of
business
those are bullying thugs I don't care
what they believe I don't care whether
you know who they sleep with that's
that's the thuggish nough stat is the
thuggish 'no stand you're absolutely
right most of the Christians I know at
this point you know are just like hey
you know I may believe it's a sin but
that's your problem I'm not here to
judge your sins and we are not here to
judge other people's sins that is
absolutely true so all I would say about
this is yes of course you're right the
best case scenario for a child is a
married biological mom
that studies show you know I think it's
wonderful when people adopt children who
need adopting and when they marry
somebody who has a child and take care
of that child as if it were their own
but studies show that people do at that
the best they do is when they have a
biological mom and dad in the home it's
staying together and so and so yes that
makes divorce that when you have young
children a real problem you know and it
makes all kinds of different
arrangements that we're supposed to say
when all families are alike all families
are loving all families are the same
it's just not true and children deserve
the best we have not the second best not
the third best so of course you know
you're right about that
but again this is not something that I
think you know I'm sure a lot of gay
people would agree with you and those
are not the guys they put on television
because they are controlling the
narrative to sell their agenda from
Scott
hey Andrew assuming the tariffs are not
good economic policies how can the
United States pressure China and the EU
to drop tariffs on US products great
show thank you it's done
um boy that's a that's that's a
complicated question I you know first of
all I don't understand why steel tariffs
that Trump was talking about are
supposed to threaten China which doesn't
give us very much of our steel I mean a
lot of our steel that people who send us
our most steel as Canada so I'm not sure
I understand why those tariffs just seem
kind of like wild you know things to
help our industries they're supposed to
help our industries but not really
things to deal with China and the thing
is China is a rogue state and China is a
dangerous state in fact tomorrow - my
friend Ming yaws going to come on and
talk about China she's really what does
I call her mean yeah you mom it's
terrible - she'll never forgive me
but but she she will come on and talk
about China and the problem with China
is they're trying to establish all the
good things that a free market gives you
without giving people freedom and it's
dangerous that if that works I do not
think it'll work I have faith that it
won't work but oppressors and tyrants
are infinitely creative and they may
make it work and that will be a very bad
thing if they have all the benefits of
capitalism and free markets without
being free that's gonna be a bad thing
I don't think it's gonna work ultimately
but they are rogue state they steal our
technology
steal things from from us and they
really do play unfairly the best
solution that I can think of is
something like you know I'm not an
expert in the trans-pacific deal that
they were trying to put together but
something like that where we band
together with trade traders in the
region establish rules for fair play and
hold China accountable as a group you
know this is a global solution because
its global trade you you hold China
responsible as a group and punish them
as a group instead of starting some kind
of trade war this is gonna hurt us as
much as it hurts them maybe more so you
know that that's my take on it I I'm
assume right now the Trump is using
tariffs as a negotiating technique and
you know so I think like so I think you
have to wait and see what exactly he's
trying to pull here but I think the only
thing we can do is form some kind of
Trade Agreement arrangement and and deal
with China that way from Christian if
you could ask Shakespeare one question
and be guaranteed an honest answer what
question would you ask him well actually
you know that's funny I love Shakespeare
Shakespeare is like at the centre of my
reading life and my artistic life in
every possible way but I'm not that
interested in asking questions because
of what Socrates said about artists that
when artists work they have some kind of
Muse who talks to them and makes them
create beautiful and wise things but
frequently they're not wise themselves
so you could get one question of
Shakespeare and find the guy was aloud
or five didn't know anything you know
you just never know but if I had one
question to ask him I would ask him to
clear up the story behind the sonnets
because they're very mysterious they
hint at the homosexual love and I don't
believe from reading Shakespeare that he
could have possibly been gay he may have
just been imitating Petrarch and doing
that but I would like to know who the
Dark Lady is I would like to know all
these mysterious things that the sonnet
doesn't tell it tells this wonderful
story of a love between that among two
men and a woman and you know I would
just like to know what he was talking
about and was it autobiographical at all
or was he just just making it up that
would be the one
actually be interested in hearing um
from Leon dear Andrew have you lost any
liberal friends due to conservative
views have I ever yes if not what is the
best way to keep a meaningful friendship
going when I virtually disagree with
everything politically my friends bring
up we have been friends for a whole life
I've recently taken the red pill while
my friends is in deep with campus
leftist thanks for the advice huge fan
of the show it's a problem what I can
say is I lost most of my liberal friends
right after I realized others are
conservative because it was like being a
religious convert I couldn't stop my bad
I could not stop talking about it
I couldn't stop bringing it up I
couldn't stop like just with the
amazement that everything that was on TV
in the news on CNN was a lie you know
and I just wanted to tell everybody I
wanted everybody to know they didn't
want to know so much and so really I
should have kept my mouth shut down a
little bit more it's not that you have
to lie it's not that you have to lie but
everything is in politics you don't have
to discuss politics you can't even say
to your friends you know we disagree
about politics let's not talk about it I
have I still have liberal friends thank
heavens and I sometimes say to them you
know we won't talk about it if you're
gonna talk about it talk about
principles not people I always say this
don't talk about Donald Trump don't talk
about how much you hate Obama just talk
about principles and what you know what
you believe in it's hard to do because I
have to say that beyond what about ISM
you know Trump is doing this well what
about when Obama did this leftist don't
really understand how offensive Obama
was how radical he was how against a lot
of the American ethos he was and so they
don't understand why when Trump does
things even when he does things in ways
we don't like even when he talks in ways
we don't like why we just think like you
know what we eat it now you eat it you
know it's like those to whom evil is
done do evil in return and so I you know
it's it's really hard to stay off the
personalities but it's something that
you can do and I think it's it's
important to do it because I think you
should have friends who are like
left-wing it I mean this is one of the
things I really loved about being at the
college yesterday I like hearing what
the kids have to say I like hearing the
fat you know the
arguments they make and why they care so
much about race then and why they think
you know things that are true about
gender you know and I I think that the
you know young people experiment with
ideas and I think that that's fine what
what really bothers me again is is not
the something leftist it's not the
agenda of people who are liberals who
are Democrats
it's the agenda of people who want to
silence everybody else that's those are
the people are really bought from
Mercedes dear aunt why should I believe
in God if I should then how should I go
about it for reference I'm a Christian
but have been questioning my beliefs
would love your help it's only one
reason to believe in God same reason you
believe in gravity it's real and your
life will go a lot better if you believe
the same thing with gravity stop
believing in gravity things just don't
go as well as they do when you do
believe in gravity and the same thing is
true of God
and unlike gravity which you can test an
idea belief that you can test
immediately just by stepping off a cliff
and you can test finally God takes a
little bit of time to start to
understand what he has done in your life
I think I was talking about this
yesterday about that the scene where
Moses parts the Red Sea even though
people are screaming all their doubts
and and people are screaming all their
doubts even though God has done all
these miracles in their lives when I
wrote my memoir about this the great
good thing you know Kierkegaard said the
Christian existential philosopher
Kierkegaard said this is a summation of
what he said not the exact words he said
life has to be lived forwards but it can
only be understood backwards and when I
wrote my memoir the great good thing I
was shocked at how obvious God's
presence had been in my life even before
I believed in him I mean it was it was
comical it was comical house dense and
stupid I had had to be to miss him doing
what he was doing in my life that's
that's how that's how different it was
to look back on my life with faith and
understand that he had been there all
along it was so obvious so that's the
reason and how do you start well I you
know I started with prayer I think
prayer is the best way I always say find
a place where you can be alone find a
place where you can talk out loud don't
try to trick
don't try to tell them how pie as you
are don't try to say that only the
things you think you can say he already
knows it all just be as honest and blunt
about the things that are bothering you
the things you want in life the things
that trouble you about yourself the
things that trouble you about the world
and you'll see you'll see I mean one of
the reasons I came to faith was after
five years of praying my life was
transformed and I think yours will be
too and that's and that is that's the
reason that's the reason all right
another biblical question we have time
for Nathan I've been listening to your
interpretation of the biblical text and
though I agree there is an element of
metaphor and things like the days of
creation representing a different span
of time than the word implies some of
your other claims sounds somewhat like
the Jeffersonian interpretation no I
don't think that's fair but okay this
seems to explain away unbelievable
claims and narrows down the scope of the
text to only the most literal pieces of
historical accounts where do you draw
the line and who decides what to take
literally and what was meant for
hyperbole first of all I don't discount
the miraculous I do not discount the
most miraculous I do believe in miracles
I don't believe in magic and I'm a very
practice reader I've read a lot as Noll
says I have read all the books and and
when I'm confronting something that I
believe is conveying truth through
mythology or through or truth through
legend I think I recognize it you know
so I'm not I'm not dismissing things
that are miraculous or things that don't
happen every day you know I'm just
looking at stories the way they appear
to me the question of who decides is the
great question of Christian history
because of course you have the
Reformation when you have the church
that says we decide god guides us God
formed this church he is running this
church it's like the Supreme Court the
reason the Pope when they say that he is
you know that he's infallible they don't
mean he's always infallible they don't
mean when he says it looks like it's
gonna rain today that it's got to rain
they mean on certain areas of doctrine
his word is final you know his word is
the final word just like the Supreme
Court in Protestantism there's a lot of
different sects a lot of different
beliefs but there is this belief that
essentially but it's between you and the
text between the believer and the text
of a personal relationship with God he
will guide you instead of guiding the
church
do not need the the priests in between
my feeling about this is is right in the
middle okay ah I believe that it I have
said this is someone last night that the
Catholics are right about everything
about accept Catholicism when I when I
look at theology I'm frequently reading
Catholic theology Benedict in my
lifetime has been the greatest
theologian alive pope benedict xvi just
a Ratzinger's he sometimes write wrote
under before you spoke i think he's a
brilliant theology theologian CS lewis
of course was not a Catholic but he was
so close that there's very little
difference but the thing is the thing is
because I believe in maybe just because
I'm an American but also because I
believe in freedom no it's because I
believe in freedom and I believe that
virtue has to be chosen you have to
choose virtue you have to train your
heart to love virtue and then choose it
for the love I believe that you have the
right to override even the Pope and so I
believe it's not that I believe that I'm
infallible it's simply that I believe
that I will listen with great
seriousness to the great theologians and
then if I disagree
I will go to God with my disagreement
and follow that path because I believe
he means me to think for myself
he means me to be free to choose my way
so you know that that is the way I read
the Bible I'm very very serious about
you know not just saying oh this is not
true and I pick this and I pick that and
this I'll choose this verse and I'll
choose that verse in fact a lot of times
in my church the Episcopal Church but
that's what the priests are doing but I
don't do it I'm very serious about it
and I don't dismiss anything lightly but
but there's a lot of backing
theologically from my reading them for
instance Genesis it's not like the I
mean the Catholic Church reads it a lot
closer to my reading then to the literal
reading all right I got a stop let us do
tickety-boo news
so I just want to finish this thing on
the press with this I don't know if you
saw the Sinclair ad but I just love this
for the sheer comedy of it Sinclair is a
conservative at Sinclair Broadcast Group
it's a conservative network of about 200
television stations 614 channels and 89
us markets and it's different than
everybody else because they're
conservative right and they kind of
support Trump and so they put out an ad
and they ask their news anchors to read
the ad this is an ad for Sinclair news
and some wag got the idea of putting all
the different newscasters together
reading the ad so it looked like they
were zombies reciting this kind of text
but it was just the different Sinclair
stations were reading the same ad so
here's the compilation that they put
together sharing of biased and false
news has come all too common on
so basically it's saying there's a lot
of fake news out there social media
promulgates fake news the other guys use
social media to spread that to report
their news we don't the other guys don't
get it right we do that's all I was
saying that's what that's the ad I mean
is there a new station in America that
hasn't essentially put for that ad
because they're conservative just like
we're talking about with Trump the media
went nuts here's a montage of the media
going nuts it's like something out of
the movie 1984 historians will be
looking at this and saying the the
people who spoke out against the erosion
of democratic institutions in this time
were the ones who were on the right side
of history not journalists it was
propaganda most of us have heard this
kind of thing in you know totalitarian
regimes where somebody has to repeat
what the government says in this case is
what the corporation says
there has to be an understanding that
this problem
propaganda has to stop I've spent a lot
of time in China which is a country that
has an actual state media and it rings
very familiar that this is the way
authoritarian states operate I mean it
is what Trump and what now Sinclair is
doing is conflating this idea of fake
news which is the purposeful
manipulation and fabrication of fact
with stories that they find somehow
unflattering and that is really what's
chilling to democracy they're saying
trust us we're fair we're the ones that
are honest don't believe the others and
and that is so sort of an echo of
president Trump's anti media messaging I
would just like to say to all of you
know are my fellow broadcasters and you
are the biggest bunch of knuckleheads
that has ever walked the planet you you
know there are guys there are gun eyes
who paint the size of barns for a living
who would be better journalists than you
and that is utterly absurd first of all
again they kept blaming Trump Trump you
can do with it it was a sinclair media
ad sinclair broadcasting an ad these
guys are so dopey so pretentious so full
of themselves that they can't even see
what a bunch of dopes they really are it
is just amazing the only thing about it
is it makes life a lot funnier than it
would be without them so sinclair
casting did an ad it was Orwellian it
was the end of the world i hope that i
hope that for instance CNN never doesn't
add about how their news is an apple but
everybody else is a banana because that
would just be you know or well you brave
new world come again i gotta say thank
you to the media today for just like
being the funniest group of more in
america alright your mom will come on
she's wonderful on the question of china
she will be here tomorrow i guess i'll
still be in manhattan i have no idea
where where I am anymore
but i seem to still be upright and if
that continues I'll be back I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
we'll see you tomorrow
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by mic core Mina hair and
makeup is by jesuit vera and our
animations are by cynthia Angulo and
jacob jackson the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
