it's a clever song but it's also
completely wrong and cynical and
manipulative and dishonest some of the
lyrics it's a little spoken word poetry
here for you the song says I can't walk
to my car late at night while on the
phone
I can't open up my windows when I'm home
alone I can't go to a bar without a
chaperone and I can't wear a miniskirt
if it's the only one I own tell me about
it I know the feeling so let's go
through this she said she can't open her
window she can't walk to her car late at
night she can't go to a bar without a
chaperone can't wear a miniskirt she
can't be brutally honest she can't dance
with her friends if she really can't do
most of these things that's a reflection
not of her gender but of where she lives
if you really can't do any of those
things safely where you live if you can
you should definitely move if it is an
unsafe place then that means it's also
unsafe for men we're not bulletproof
okay we're not superheroes we also we
can also be hurt and killed and we are
all the time the statistics show that in
fact men are at a greater risk of being
the victims of violent crime than women
yet I think we all know that even though
she's listing all these things she can't
do we all know that she probably does
almost all of those things all the times
you said most women do that you can't
wear pajamas when you answer the door
well I mean I I think it's good decorum
to not answer the door in pajamas I'm a
pajama critic I think pajamas belong at
night in the home when you're sleeping
but then you put on regular clothes
after that that's that's my fear can't
live in a first-floor apartment well
women would live in first floor
apartments all the time I lived with my
wife in a first floor apartment we never
even we never worried about it we never
even thought about it it was a safe area
I see women jogging with headphones in
all the time in my neighborhood all the
time it's a perfectly normal thing so
what is the point of a song like this
what's the point of painting this
picture where women can barely leave
their homes without being killed or
kidnapped first of all the first point
is to make a strawman out of the
concerns that men have the way that she
reconfigures it is that men the thing
that men are worried about is that they
can't rape anyone and get away with it
that's not our concern our concern is
that we will be accused of doing
something like that even though
we have not done that thing why is this
so difficult to understand what's so
hard about understanding this it's not
about we can't get away with it it's
about we could be accused of something
we didn't do I feel like am i speaking
Greek I think I'm speaking English it's
it should be a pretty easy thing to
understand that's the concern it does
happen and so men are worried about it
worried about it especially because we
are told believe all women so that means
that all it takes is for a woman to tell
a story about us and we're finished
that's the scary thing
