there was a lot to talk about because
there were a ton of misconceptions out
there and lefties at Fox in the
Washington Post are simply lying to the
American people on the question of the
free speech crisis on campus leftists
are denying that there is a crisis of
free speech on campus I don't know if
you've seen the think pieces over the
last few years
Matthew Iglesias / voxcom
he's actually arguing that support for
free speech is rising right now on
campuses how he does that is a great
question
Jeffrey Sachs at the Washington Post
says that the crisis is absolutely a
myth it's just a scare mongering by
fragile little conservatives fragile
little conservatives were being beaten
with bats on college campuses and
disinvited from speaking there and
Andrew Hartman at the Washington Post
says that students have never been
hostile to speech Oh old people always
say that students Rossville speech that
has never been the Clay's case they
claim that opinion surveys show this
they say oh well you know this survey
says that students really support free
speech and in a certain sense they're
right there have been public opinion
surveys that show that's students they
don't know we shouldn't censor this
speech we shouldn't censor this speech
the trouble is that when the students
actually get to campus and when the
rubber hits the road you know when they
actually have to put their ideas into
practice they completely balk they say
disinvite speakers they shriek they yell
they shout people down and in some cases
like charles murray went during one of
his campus visits they assaulted the
speaker's other people by the way have
shown that all of these claims from the
lefty journalists just are not true so
and that isn't just conservatives who
say that this is people from across the
political spectrum social scientists
Sean Stevens and Jonathan Hite have
shown this they there was this giant
survey that I think a lot of the lefty
journalists are relying on but when you
focus the research down onto the kids
who are actually in college now not the
35 year olds not the people who were out
of college not even the Millennials when
you focus it on the I Jim the generation
that comes right after Millennials
people who enter college in 2015
non-word there is a downturn in support
for controversial speakers
