so here's an old joke about a dumb guy
and on a game show and in the old days
when I heard this I was a kid they said
it was a Polish guy because Polish
people were supposed to be stupid and
nowadays they would probably say was a
blonde but I don't want to be prejudiced
at all so let's just say it's a blonde
Polish guy so this is a stun guy on his
game show and he just can't get anything
right and he doesn't get to know any of
the answers to anything and the emcee
begins to feel sorry for him and decides
he's gonna ask him the simplest question
that he can come up with and the emcee
finally just so he can win a little
money he says the dumb guy what is the
meaning of Easter and the dumb guy says
oh oh yeah yeah I know that I know that
on Good Friday
you know Jesus was crucified and then
they put him in the tomb and rolled the
rock over and she says right right and
he says then on Easter Sunday the tomb
rolled back and Jesus was resurrected he
stepped out side and the emcee says
exactly and the dumb guy says and if he
sees his shadow there'll be six more
weeks of winter you'll be happy to know
that that dumb guy is now working for
NPR I'll explain it all
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right welcome back I hope you had a
wonderful wonderful Easter you can see
I'm not broadcasting from our studios
I'm broadcasting from beautiful downtown
Rochester New York row be speaking later
I seen this background that looks like
I'm in an elfish print critic or
something like that but I had a
beautiful beautiful Easter lots of
lovely lovely things happened among them
of my daughter faith more published a
piece today in the Wall Street Journal
on Disney Princesses which I hope to
take a look at it's on the op-ed page
and and I think she'll be on with
Knowles later in the week tomorrow is
the mailbag we have a lot of
announcements listen today we had this
tomorrow's the mailbag so if you're a
subscriber and if you're not a
subscriber subscribe go in lardelli wire
comm press the podcast button press my
podcast and press the mailbag you can
ask me anything you want personal
questions religious questions political
questions answers guaranteed 100%
correct will change your life for some
of you for the better for the rest
you're done but but no go ahead please
send those in as soon as you can and
what else is we got oh we've got the
conversation coming up that's not coming
up for a while though that is coming up
I will tell you in a moment as soon as I
as soon as I know myself there it is
that's April 10th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific I will be there you
can just if you can already if you
haven't already joined the conversation
series it's the monthly QA hosted by
Alicia Kraus where we answer any and all
questions from politics to the personal
it's kind of like a gigantic mailbag you
can just send them in the episode
streams live on The Daily wires Facebook
and YouTube pages it's free anyone can
watch it but only the subscribers only
the subscribers can ask the questions to
ask questions as a subscriber log into
the website daily wire.com head over to
the conversation page watch the live
stream and after that just start typing
into the daily wire chat box and I won't
answer the questions you will get to
hear your questions read in Alicia's
mellifluous tones
once again subscribe to get your
questions answered on Tuesday April 10th
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific join
the conversation and it's good when I'm
on because I know everything all right
now one more thing before we get started
what what is it it is Indo Chino got to
talk about Indo Chino because of the way
you're dressed you know as I was packing
to leave and my speech you always take
your nicest clothes when you're gonna
appear I went immediately to my Indo
Chino shirt because it is made to order
it is not just something they pull off
the shelf and you hope it fits a little
bit they fit it to you what you do with
Indo Chino is you go in to their local
place and your your more town if they
don't have that go online go on to Indo
Chino dot-com you you send them your
measurements and then they'll have them
online and whenever you want to made to
order suit made to order shirt anything
you want you can then pick your fabric
choose your customizations submit your
measurements wait for your custom suits
arrive in just a few weeks and this week
my listeners can get any premium Indo
Chino suit for just three hundred and
seventy nine dollars that is amazing
because that's a made-to-order soup for
about half price three hundred and
seventy nine dollars go to Indo Chino
dot-com and enter Clavin at checkout and
I know what you're thinking you're
thinking I'm so beautiful now that I
can't even remember how to spell Clavin
but it's que la VA n is 50% off the
regular price for made-to-measure
premium suit plus the shipping is free
that's Indo Chino com promo code Clavin
for any premium suit for just three
hundred and seventy nine dollars and
free shipping
it's an incredible deal for a suitable
fit you better than anything off the
rack ever could I really I really do
like the stuff they make it just fits so
incredibly well alright I had I had a
beautiful he's a really rich deep
emotional Eastern the night before
Saturday night I was sitting up a little
late perhaps dozed off and I woke up and
there was the ten commandments cuz it
was also a Passover was on the screen
and I woke up just in time to see Moses
or if he reformed you Charlton Heston
about four hundred I think believe in
Charlton Heston but if Moses parting the
Red Sea and I don't know if you remember
the scene every you know the soldiers
the Pharaoh's soldiers are coming to
the juices that are escaping from
slavery and they're up against the Red
Sea and people start to doubt whether
they're gonna be killed than Moses says
to them you know ten times you have seen
God do these miracles what is your
problem and Edward G Robinson is there
he plays the voice of doubt and Edward G
is like ah you know whether no graves in
Egypt shame and we're gonna die
nitpicking him die
and then of course Moses says behold the
mighty work of the Lord and the Red Sea
parts you know and I was thinking it was
it's the movies a little dated now is a
little clunky it's a little corny but I
found it incredibly moving and and you
know I was wondering why I found the
story so moving and one of the ways to
read any important story any good story
whether it's a true story any story that
moves you is as what is called a psycho
Maki which means a psychic battle and
that means when you read something as a
psycho Maki it means that every
character in there is you it's all just
a battle that's going on in your own
mind and you can read almost any great
story even true stories you can read
them as a psycho Maki and I was thinking
as I was watching that the reason this
moved me so much is because it was like
a little symbol a little parable of my
own life that in my own life when things
rise up and things look difficult I
frequently turn into energy Robinson and
saying we're we're thrilling our things
are not over say and then of course you
know if I look back I see that all
through my life got out as part of the
waters and that doesn't mean that
everything always goes great what it
means is you get you continue your march
to the promised land your march to the
life you're supposed to have and the and
the soul and the joy that you're
supposed to have if you just keep your
faith and you keep moving and that has
happened to me again and again and what
well he's getting me but this is it it
really pains me to see how the media
covers religion and especially how they
cover Easter and some of this and some
of this is you know left-wing hostility
towards Christianity because the left
hates Christianity because they hate
Western culture and Western culture the
ball comes out of Christianity it's kind
of like you know getting angry at your
mom all the time because you don't like
who you are and and some of them hate
but some of them are believing
Christians who just want to wrestle
Christianity into saying you know what
it is they wanted to say the guy was
referring to that that joke about the
gameshow I was referring to MPR which
was writing a story about the Pope
there's this old atheist guy he's in his
90s or something like this who says he's
had many conversations with the Pope and
he didn't take me notes but he remembers
them and so he's publishing this stuff
it says the Pope said something he
almost certainly could not have said and
that he published something saying the
Pope it said there's no hell and the
Vatican push back and said the Pope
believes but the church believes which
you are in you know if you don't follow
Jesus you are in danger of the pains of
Hell when you die and NPR was reporting
this and at the end they just wanted to
remind you they said Easter is the day
celebrating the idea that Jesus did not
die and go to hell or purgatory or
anywhere like that but rather arose into
heaven Eastern Sunday and of course
Christians like most of America which
means most of America generally believe
that Jesus died and was buried and went
to hell and he did what was called
harrowing hell the HERA was like a rake
he would herro herro tell where he took
all the people who had died before
salvation Arai a robe rose who were not
supposed to be in hell and he lifted
them out of hell and then and then on
the third day he rose and it was just
kind of like you know you're writing
about religion for NPR which is supposed
to be this quality network can't you
even know what Easter is the major major
holiday of the major major religion from
which all of Western civilization
Springs from which your country's
principal spring a really I mean you
went to journalism school and nobody
said you know what when you're right
about Easter you ought to know what it's
for but then there are all these guys
who were writing who were writing from
an ostensibly Christian perspective
trying to like just stretch Christianity
into left-wing ISM so you know and I
listen I feel people on the right do
this a little bit to that
you know it's traditionally in the
Christian religion you know there are
things that we believe things we believe
about marriage things we believe about
sexuality but but Jesus didn't come to
earth for that he didn't look around say
how people are running around having too
much sex on the
way I better hurry to earth you know to
get my cape and I'll fly it out there
you know that's not what the religion is
that it is at its essence it really is
about salvation for all mankind life in
abundance for all mankind
so at CNN or the Church of CNN John
Blake a producer he writes how Easter
became a me-too moment okay he talks
about he writes about Mary Magdalene
being the first the women were the first
to see Christ risen and they ran back to
tell the men that they they had seen the
risen Christ and the Book of Luke says
but the men did not believe the women
because their words seemed to them like
nonsense right and he says well this is
you know like just like me too that
women have all these things to say but
men don't believe in them because
they're women but the men didn't believe
the with him because they did not
believe the woman because there were
women they didn't believe the women
because they were telling them that a
dead man had arisen it was kind of like
it sounded like nonsense to them and you
know it's just it's just like this
twisting of thing and the one that
really bugged me was this cheap shot
that Stephen Colbert took at Donald
Trump because Stephen Colbert does know
he's he's a Catholic a believing
Catholic I've always had the feeling
that Colbert is a pretty decent guy he's
a sunday-school teacher he really does
know what this is all about so he used
it he has this dumb cartoon I think it's
called our cartoon president and he used
this to to attack Trump making Trump
look like you know the worst unreligious
guy do we have a clip from this replay
that how was church today uneventful
they love me over there president Satan
that's what many are calling President
Trump after he was caught on a hot mic
committing the biggest religious gaffe
since Reagan arm the Taliban was that
Joseph guy a putz of what clearly he
wasn't taking care of Mary's needs I
mean if God knocked up my wife he'd
never do it again
I cut off God's peace sir I think that's
a hot mic
Mike stop acting like a tech buff you
figured great-grandfather hunted
dinosaurs
how do grown adults still worship Jesus
I mean where was Jesus when the Taj
Mahal was at a standstill with the
unions so so of course you know Hillary
Clinton was very upset about and she
issued this statement Jimmy
personally this video is disgusting and
reprehensible it appears to have a
deeply cynical purpose to denigrate a
great religion and to provoke rage oh
wait that was the Benghazi Islamic video
they I forgot the left doesn't complain
when people attack Christianity only
Islam but I know this is not what you're
thinking about what you're thinking
about you're looking at me and you're
thinking how do you look so great and
it's because I work out constantly even
when I'm on the road and that is why I
like Beachbody on demand because I can
take it with me anywhere I go Beachbody
on demand is an easy-to-use streaming
service that gives you instant access to
a wide variety of super effective
workouts you can do from the comfort of
your living room or your hotel room 24/7
it has a history of success as a company
behind p90x insanity 21 day fix t25 all
these really powerful exercise routines
that you can use just get right on your
phone anytime you need them they've also
got a three week yoga retreat you get
motivated by celebrity super trainers
that you know like Shaun T and chalene
johnson Tony Horton autumn Calabrese and
a hundred hundreds of effective workouts
and all fitness levels bodybuilding to
weight training to cardio and they also
have all kinds of nutritional
nutritional videos and things like that
it really is the insanity one is the one
that I prefer just because of the name
and mostly because it actually is insane
and so you you really can just take this
anywhere you want stay in shape even
when you're on the road I really want
you to try this service because you'll
feel better it'll look better and people
will whistle as you go by as they do
with me right right now my listeners can
get a special free trial membership when
you text Andrew to three oh three oh
three oh 30 30 30 you will get full
access to this entire platform for free
all the workouts the nutrition
information and support totally free
just text Andrew 30 30 30 for Beachbody
on demand last one of this Christian
thing and I'll move on to this other
thing that is bugging me
the Jonathan Wilson Hart Grove who is in
fact they think a Christian writer he
wrote on Easter Sunday Christians must
remember how easily and often our faith
is used to defend white supremacy that
is what you should be thinking about on
Easter Sunday it's just like every you
know it's just everybody everybody has
got to be has got to get like Jesus on
their side instead of doing what you're
supposed to do which is paying attention
to your problems your sins and not
judging other people just just saying
just saying
so speaking of you know racial matters
Trump is back on the warpath on
immigration and he is being accused of
white supremacy they always make this
into a racial issue which I don't think
it is but you know he's he signed this
this budget bill that didn't include
included just a little bit of funding
for the wall and Ann Coulter went after
him I mean first he was spanked by the
pornstar stormy Daniels now he's been
spanked by Ann Coulter come to think of
it he's living out my fantasy life but
here she was Oh Howie Carr on the radio
this is the the first cut where she just
really went after Trump do you still
believe that Trump is a plural bus
awesome not if he's not building the
wall and it sure doesn't look like he's
building it now it looks like he's just
gonna see how long he can take his right
his voters for a ride maybe you'll come
around and I think it isn't helping to
have these cro-magnon saying oh no it's
3d chess and just applaud everything he
does put some pressure on did you did
you call us deplorable SPRO magnons no
I'm calling the people who go around
claiming every time he destroys his
presidency no it's really some
complicated plot that will somehow and
you were to it no I know it isn't no it
isn't he's not he's failing right now
the presidency isn't over yet he can
still come back and do it but you know
people who voted for him shouldn't be
cheering every time he betrays them and
this is a total betrayal for him to sign
that bill it is a total betrayal for him
not to build the wall and to pretend
like it isn't yeah he can come back and
as I told the New York Times if he does
I'll start a committee to put him on
Mount Rushmore if he built
wall but right now if you want to make a
bet I don't think we'll get in the wall
so so let's play she said she said
apparently she got into a an obscenity
laced argument with him and they were
screaming curses one another but she
says it's all right he cursed at her
first so now there are a thousand two
1,100 Central American refugees whatever
you want to call them they're coming out
of through Mexico up toward the border
and Drudge has got this being played
like it's an invasion he's saying how
far away they are they're getting closer
he's telling and now Trump is saying
that he's gonna send the military out
there and the the media is basically
saying oh you know this is not an
invasion this is a protest they hold
every year and they just come out and
they kind of ask for they they asked to
get asylum political asylum because
they're coming from some very terrible
places but the people on the ground
there even the people who are
sympathetic with them basically saying
you're coming some of them will ask for
asylum and then the rest are going to
try and break across the border and so
Trump has got the army going down and
now that you know the thing is now the
Trump called them out on it
Mexico is doing something about it it's
trying to stop them and saying no no
you're not gonna do it so it's not the
way I mean it's not as it it may not be
quite as clear as Trump is saying but
it's certainly not as benign as the
media is saying the pro-immigration
media and of course the left if you want
to know what the left thinks you go to
CNN and they're saying it's all about
race there's April Ryan and jolly when
they talked about wanting educated and
wealthy immigrants only they're talking
about white they're not talking about
bringing diversity into the country
Donald Trump is playing to this base
instinct that is wrong and immoral and
what you said it speaks more about
controlling the Browning of America
controlling the Browning of America
that's what he's trying to do hey you
know the thing about this is you know
you know sometimes the right talks like
this - I have heard the right talk about
all these people coming in and you know
it's getting rid of our culture and all
this but it it really is about culture
and ideas it's not about race but
this and the idea here is the rule of
law and this is something that the
Democrats the left has lost entirely the
idea that only a nation of laws not a
nation of men is a fair nation only a
nation of laws is an equal nation if if
there is a law that will put me in
prison like say oh just say putting out
classified information or misusing
classified information then that law
should put Hillary Clinton in prison too
and it shouldn't vanish because she's
powerful and I'm just me you know that's
not the way that's supposed to work and
when there is a law the laws supposed to
be enforced but you know with Barack
Obama he would just say well we're not
going to enforce that law you know with
the family you know law that was deemed
to be anti-gay but it's not going to
enforce it and now it said we're not
going to enforce the border we don't
need this we need the voters we want
those voters to come in so we're not
supposed to enforce it and the people on
the right like the wall street journal'
who are very supportive of even illegal
immigration really should get their
minds right because the question is not
who is coming and how many are coming
the question is who do we want how many
do we want and what law should we pass
right because once the law is passed
they should obey the law and the border
look I'm not saying I'm not saying we
should go to war with these guys coming
up from Mexico I'm just saying that they
should obey the law just like everybody
else in Trump is just right about this
now there are plenty of people I'm sure
who hear this and it touches off some
racist thing in them and they it makes
them happy but that's not the point the
point is the rule of law hey we're gonna
go to Roger Kimball he is one of my
favorite cultural observers he's a
cultural critic he's the editor and
publisher of the New Criterion which is
one of them it may be the only true
highbrow right-wing cultural magazine
and he's president and publisher of the
great encounter books he's the author of
many books himself including tenured
radicals the rape of the Masters and the
fortunes of permanence culture and
anarchy in an age of amnesia here is an
interview I did with him earlier
Roger Kimball Roger it's good to see you
thanks for coming on it it's great to
see you too how are you I'm good I am
good you are as I have said before
you're one of the first well you're one
of the brightest
observers of culture out there and one
of the few openly intellectual
supporters of Donald Trump I think Trump
has lost a lot of the intellectual right
but you have stayed with him so let me
put those two things together and ask
you this question do you think that
Donald Trump has had an effect any
effect on the culture I think he's had a
huge effect on the culture yeah I think
he's had a gigantic effect on the
country
yeah which includes the culture of
course yeah and I think that the effect
has been largely beneficent okay and if
people talk about his his tweets and so
on his untoward language I actually like
a lot of that I thought it was brilliant
when he described the tubby tyrant of
North Beach a man the floor of the
United Nations and not simply because it
was funny but also because it had it had
a deeper purpose to it and I think that
purpose is now coming to fruition as we
see Kim Kim going to South Korea for the
Olympics they're gonna have talks he's
had to take a special train to Beijing
so they could tell him what he has to
say let me let me just say this if
Donald Trump is able to solve North
Korea's nuclear problem which of course
is also our nuclear problem right
diplomatically that will be one of the
greatest diplomatic KU's in the 20th
century and 20th century it will be as
he would like to say huge I mean you
know the you know many of my many of my
conservative friends find it impossible
to make that that leap from the primary
season of 2016 to the reality of today
but when we look at what has happened in
the the 13 months or so that Donald
Trump is a president truly quite
extraordinary the the judicial
appointments
I mean everybody on our side of the
aisle yeah City one sane understands
that this is gigantic is it's not just
meal course it should cease its scores
of other judicial appointments which are
are going to remake the judiciary and in
in a fundamental way now we have judges
that will interpret the law they will
not endeavor to make social policy by
legislating from the bench which is what
they should be doing right that is
gigantic what he has done with our
energy policy I mean the the the United
States is on the brink of being a net
exporter of energy we will probably be
the world's largest energy producer in a
couple of years that is HUGE you know it
turns out you can drill your way and
what he's done with regulation people
it's easy to say that but what that
means is what that means is that he has
sparked a fire under the gigantic
machine of American productivity and he
has turned up the volume on American
optimism among among businessmen it's
it's it's it's extraordinary what he's
done there I mean there are so many
other things what his Secretary of
Education is doing to close down this
obscene anti-free speech an anti due
process jihad that has been conducted on
college campuses for the last eight
years he's shutting that down that is
it's a tremendous tremendous thing for
the cultures and you know we could go on
and on listing these these items what I
find difficult to understand is how some
of our friends on on the putative right
can make the same list that I just gave
you and add a few other items in and say
I still wish that Hillary Clinton had
won what does that mean well you know to
make their argument to be the devil's
advocate here one of the things that
they complain about with Trump is that
he is so divisive he puts people off so
much that the left is now energized
to the extreme Ted Cruz was telling Ben
Shapiro this yesterday that the left is
going to have twice the number of voters
for the midterms that they had before
and that essentially Trump will destroy
the that will have a couple of victories
we've had these victories but then the
party will be destroyed you see anything
in that well yeah I mean I know that
argument but I don't believe it because
what did Donald Trump do he energized
people much more than the left is
energizing them seems to me I mean the
left has energized a tiny but vocal and
impolite cohort people who go around and
smash things and shout people down and
parade around stages with these severed
head of a mannequin purporting to be
Donald Trump and they scream at the sky
and they they write intemperate tweets
about how venal Donald Trump is and so
on but it's it's actually a very tiny a
group of people it in my my judgment and
you know the the arguments had somehow
he has destroyed the Republican Party
well let's see we have the white house
we have the Senate we have the House of
Representatives we have you know most of
the governor's mansions and we have most
of the state legislatures so if that's a
Republican Party that's been destroyed
bring it on the idea the idea here that
this recent this recent election in
Pennsylvania was somehow a bellwether
this was the this was this is what's
going to happen well that would be a
good thing actually if here you have a
guy won by 600 votes who is probably the
single most conservative Democrat out
there but this out where you see the
Democrat Party Democratic Party going I
don't I think the Democratic Party is
the party of Bernie Sanders at the right
end and the party of people like focus
at the left now it has you know it
really has I I just don't see it
I think that I doubt that the Democrats
will take the house and I'm I will bet
you a nickel that that the Republicans
pick up Senate seats Wow Wow all right
I'm gonna hold you to that I want that
nickel okay now you have a dark will
have a dark and stormy Daniels you wrote
a piece called it could Trump do
anything to win over the never Trump or
could he no I don't think so because I
think it's a it's it's not what he does
it's who he is and it's not even quite
who he is a - it's they've created a
monster and the the connection between
this monster of their imagination and
the reality that Donald Trump was very
tenuous and so every time he tweets
something that they don't like that they
think is in politic every time that he
misspeaks
every time that he he fires someone they
say oh my god can you believe it you
know this is such a horrible man he's
going to destroy the Republic meanwhile
I'm Trump is actually governing I think
more or less the way that Eisenhower
government yeah I mean he's he is it's a
it's a calm cool steady hand the fact
that he has made so many changes of
personnel in my view is because he could
not get people to work for him at the
beginning I mean if you look at what the
situation in January 20th 2017 and today
how much things have moved in his
direction not just the approval ratings
all those have moved to but the quality
of his of his staff at this cabinet
it's extraordinary I mean who could be
better than John Bolton is now a
security adviser right maybe Mike Flynn
but he's unavailable at the moment could
be better than then Mike Pompeo you know
as Secretary of State
these are people with backbone who
understand the way the world works in
the world's a dangerous place I'm glad
that they're that they're there you know
Betsy DeVos is terrific
Scott Pruett is a national hero it no
it's it's a great it's a great team yeah
and if you have to kaneo compare what it
was on January 20th when the the his
Republican Congress wasn't quite sure
whether they're going to
biggest phone calls now you know you got
a huge tax plan through all kinds of
good stuff you know they get everything
yeah no I mean no no that's not the way
it works it's very weird that Barack
Obama was it traditionally more
presidential
certainly more presentable in some way
and yet he was an absolute radical left
winger where's Trump seems so outlandish
in some ways and yet he's really a
tradition he is what you say he's a
traditional Republican and nothing that
he has done has been really expensive oh
well Barack Obama that's a very good
he's a good tailor and someone someone
taught him to read a teleprompter in a
convincing manner you know you move your
head to the left then you move your head
to the right and you just keep doing
that and you use locations like folks
yeah I'm just gonna solve this problem
you know it meanwhile we're gonna take
over the healthcare industry of the
country and we're going to have a world
apology tour where I'm going to as
president of the United States apologize
to everyone that's not the way you get
things done I mean Donald Trump
understands that America is a powerful
nation and that in order to get things
done he needs to live up to that power
yeah you know it's and he's done that
remarkably well I mean about seven more
years to go but we'll see I'm reading a
Jonah Goldberg very entertaining new
book and Jonah Goldberg is a very
powerful voice for the never Trump yeah
side and one of the arguments that he
makes is that he's very very upset by
what he calls the tribalism the
nationalism of Donald Trump as opposed
to and he opposes it to patriotism that
in other words if a patriot loves his
country for its ideals and for its
forest creed but doesn't necessarily
just follow it over any cliff that's
available where he says that Trump is
essentially just calling to this blind
an atavism in people view you know that
yeah I don't agree that I like Jonah
he's a very entertaining writer as you
say smart man all you know fill in all
of those all those kudos but
I don't agree that I think I think
Donald Trump is a nationalist the way
that Winston Churchill was the
nationalist or or FDR was a nationalist
or John Kennedy was a nationalist or
Ronald Reagan was a nationalist
nationalism properly understood it seems
to me is the most important bulwark for
sovereignty and ultimately for the kind
of freedom that we cherish in this
Republic people say what about isn't it
like Nazi Germany well no the the
operative word in National Socialism is
socialism that's the operative word and
it's for the tribalism and so on I I
don't see that it was like people would
say the same thing about the Tea Party
it seemed to me that the the Tea Party
people I met were housewives and
accountants and doctors and lawyers and
and you know talk-show hosts like you
and there are ordinary people who wanted
their country back who thought that
national sovereignty was a good idea and
that the President of the United States
should be first of all speaking for the
United States he should put America
first to coin a phrase and Donald Trump
I think does that you know you could you
could say well our tariffs is the right
way to do that well maybe not maybe
maybe they are maybe it's a strategy
maybe it's a it's a deal
you know making shit you go and you you
play when you go into a game I don't
know the answer to that but the idea
that somehow there's something nativist
or something tribal these are supposed
to be you know negative words you can
get the you know the the image of you
know semi-clad natives dancing around a
cauldron looking for a missionary to put
into it that's not what's going on at
all it's really is it so in my view one
of the one of my favorite of your books
there's tenured radicals which is about
the universities and your mentions Betsy
DeVos changing changing some of the
rules there but has anything improved in
our universities are at Academy still
what they were I mean I keep seeing left
right-wing speakers shouted down and
these riot and have we lost the young do
you thing well I'm not sure we've lost
the young but I'll tell you a story it
will answer your question I've I wrote
an essay for the New Criterion called
retaking the university back and I don't
know ten years ago and my idea was that
we would appealed over the heads of the
faculty and the graduate students and
the deans and the provost and the
president to alumni to parents to donors
and they would they would see that what
had happened to these institutions was a
revolution whereby all the things that
they had been entrusted to do they were
now doing the opposite so universities
exist they're given incredible
privileges in our society because we
counted them to preserve and transmit
the highest values of our civilization
we think that's worth doing I think it's
worth doing but it turns out they're not
doing that they're trashing they're
trashing our civilization so I thought
we could appeal over the heads of the
tenured radicals who run to the
institutions now to these other groups
but turns out I was wrong you can't do
that I was going to write a book with
that title and began and I said you know
it's just too far gone one one person
who read the article said well you know
Kimball's it's you know it's kind of an
okay idea but that's is back in 2006 or
something so no we got a lot of military
hardware around here and I think what we
should do is put it put it to good use
we we fire up the tanks and we need to
go first
you know let's say to Cambridge and we
can't from 240 they don't get up too
early there it's a 10 o'clock in the
morning we start fucking let me keep
it's a small room you know it is true
that the intellectual center of gravity
and cultures is sometimes in the Academy
and sometimes it's not I think this is a
period of time when it when it really
isn't of course you know the sciences
engineering yes it is but for the
Humanities for those disciplines that
pose the question how should we live our
lives what is the good life for man that
is you know the universities are stuck
in this self infatuated narcissistic
insanity and I think most of the
interesting work that's being done in on
those sorts of questions is being done
outside the university and so I I think
the the answer to this is is probably
twofold is one is to strengthen those
institutions whereby you know this
interesting work is being done outside
the university and to think about
alternatives to the university
everything from MOOCs you know these
online things to starting new colleges
that are frankly devoted to you know to
preserving what's valuable in our in our
civilization I mean there are a few
exceptions like Hillsdale College but
like once I say Hillsdale College it's
not that easy to come up with a list of
additional but there are but they're not
not that many others and what that
requires is I have to stop you because
I'm just out of time I won't be able to
put that is that is one of the no that
was one of the most fascinating answers
to that question I've heard so I'm
really glad you said it I hope you'll
come back and we'll continue the
conversation yeah thank you very much
all right we're back it's time for
sexual Follies but before we get to that
I got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
calm you can listen to the rest of the
show and while you're there you can
subscribe so you can watch the whole
show right there on the site without
being cast out into the exterior
darkness plus you can be in the mailbag
tomorrow
all right we're back it's time for
sexual follies
so CNN is doing a documentary on JFK and
it's going to talk about his
relationship with Judith Campbell Exner
who was both his mistress I believe she
slept with Frank Sinatra and she was
also the mistress of a mob boss named
Sam Giancana and there there were for a
while some conspiracy theories that this
is what got Kennedy killed Sam Giancana
didn't did work for the Kennedy
administration but anyway that my point
is that the JAF CNN advertises this by
saying JFK had a legendary love life did
one of his affairs connect him with the
mob so this is after weeks of CNN
telling us how evil it was for Donald
Trump to mess around with the pornstar
stormy Daniels but when JFK did it and
JFK did it with everybody I mean he
slept with every woman who came anywhere
near him when he did it it was legendary
I mean JFK made Jackie's life an
absolute misery he slept with women
ranging from Ingrid are bob who hang out
with him out with Hitler he deflowered a
19 year old virgin in the White House
there were two women named that who were
nicknamed honest honest presidential
staff we were in nick name fiddle and
faddle and it is said that when Jackie
Kennedy then Kennedy was giving a tour
of the White House she introduced them
as the women my husband husband it's
said to be sleeping with you no and it's
it's kind of funny that after this whole
stormy Daniel the latest poll after this
stormy Daniels scandal if you want to
call it that is that Trump's popularity
is increasing with with men and as it's
decreasing with women so men are looking
at this and going yeah you know stormy
down is a good idea I mean it just seems
to me that sexual morality is a little
like Christianity for the left they use
it to get what they want and
over time what does that do it just
makes you completely ignored and
completely hardened to the idea that
anything they say has any meaning except
as a ploy for political power I really
do think and maybe if we have a chance
we'll talk about this more tomorrow I
really do think that it's the media it's
their hatred it's their constant
constant harping on things that Donald
Trump does that they have already
praised in other presidents including
you know priapism you know this sexual
wildness that some powerful men have
that they just cannot let a woman go
past them without grabbing her and the
fact that they hammer Trump about it but
they just praise it it's legendary in
the Kennedys and always we always
treated it like that it really tells you
why they're their voices their moral
voices mean absolutely nothing all right
the mailbag is tomorrow please get your
mailbag questions in go to the daily
wire.com subscribe if you haven't
already it's a lousy 10 bucks a month
you can afford it don't give makin
excuses then go to the podcast button
press my podcast press the mailbag put
your questions in there you can ask me
anything you want and the answers are
guaranteed 100 percent correct and will
change your life
on occasion for the better alright I'm
off to speak at Hobart and William Smith
Colleges which are up here in the
upstate New York so if you happen to be
passing by the Finger Lakes drop in and
lend me some support
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we will see you again
tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
