here's the news roundup here are the
things you haven't heard about maybe you
have heard but you haven't heard the
whole story facebook is now
fact-checking
photos they're fact-checking your photos
we knew this was going to happen this is
being reported as though this is
something new this is nothing new I
actually had the experience of this on
Election Day in 2016 and it wasn't
really written about it wasn't reported
I posted a photo making fun of Hillary
Clinton and Democrat voters you know
just a little joke meme or something my
account was shut down for 24 hours my
account was suspended on Facebook
they've been doing this for a long time
now it's being reported that they're
going to fact-check images how are they
going to do that I don't know they have
all of our information fact-checking is
not a good thing fact-checking is one of
these new euphemisms that we use fact
checkers or fact-checking it's a
euphemism used by the left to mean
left-wing opinion that we will present
as fact that's what fact-checking is
it's why sites like politifact means so
far so far to the left they're much
harder on Republicans and they are on
Democrats it's why now when you look for
right-wing sites on the internet on
Google they will serve you left-wing
fact checkers in there it's it's just
another euphemism and they're trying to
say we have facts and all you ever your
feelings or whatever and that's why we
have to have people who say the facts
don't care about your feelings it's
really disingenuous it's really
dishonest this also is funny just being
juxtaposed with a former Facebook Vice
President Andrew Bosworth wrote in 2016
in a memo where he wrote quote maybe it
costs a life by exposing someone to
bullies maybe someone dies in a
terrorist attacked
coordinated on our tools and still we
connect people the ugly truth is that we
believe in connecting people so deeply
that anything that allows us to connect
more people more often is good okay he's
been criticized for this he's now
disavowed that he said I didn't believe
it at the time no no I don't really
believe it I actually agree with him I
don't know that it's that it is
connecting people but it's the freedom
it's the freedom this is the argument
against freedom were for freedom which
is that freedom involves risk and
freedom involves the possibility of
death
