I think the media is in for a rude
awakening because things are gonna get
really ugly on the other end of this the
me it's getting like for example I think
CNN is beginning to realize this let's
take a quick example let's begin with
Joan wall so Joan Walsh is a contributor
on CNN and she says a lot of egregious
things on a fairly regular basis she's
featured very often in the things I hate
segments so Joan Walsh tweeted out a
series of attacks on Kyle cash oof
when Kyle cashew is the is one of the
parkland survivors and there are a bunch
of people who decided to attack cashew
on Twitter among them was Fred
Guttenberg whose daughter was killed in
the attack Kyle had sweet had something
like this entire thing has become really
politicized and is no longer about
saving lives and Fred Guttenberg whose
daughter died in the attack sees no no
it's all about saving lives
well obviously Kyle wasn't talking to
him I was talking to David hog and the
rest of the power plant survivors who
have been on TV routinely pushing gun
control he was saying that the astroturf
the boycott against Laura Ingraham is
not about saving lives is obviously
about political gain
well Joan Walsh liked all of these
sweets right Joan Walsh liked all of
these sweets and then Kyle kashwood
responded just so everyone knows CNN
would never take a side and then he
tweeted you at Joe and wash and Walt
responded by insulting him saying good
luck handling your stress so let's use
the left standard here for a second
right let's Italy he said Wow Kyle
Kashyap are you really policing I really
policing the likes of a grieving
Parkland father who lost his daughter
good luck handling his stress Kyle
that's what Joan Walsh tweeted out okay
can you imagine if this were Reverse for
a second imagine if I tweeted at David
Hogg good luck handling your stress
David
okay the boycott to be a minute right I
mean this would be this would be an
attack on him well now you have Joanne
will also see a none contributor who's
attacking Kyle Kashyap and nothing no
boycotts no nothing well so here are the
list of CNN's advertisers you want to
play this game if people really want to
play this game we can play this game and
we can boycott CNN's advertisers they're
there for everyone to see we can see all
of the various advertisers hey they're
top advertisers in February 2018 or a
Tesla t-mobile Geico
progressive Chimaera Nutrisystem BMW
Nord VPN AT&T and good good rx okay
those were their top advertisers so
should be boycotted all of those I'm not
saying we should I don't think we should
I think it's really bad for discourse in
America when we astroturf boycotts
against advertisers based on a fake
outrage
hey big I'm a based on a level of
outrage that is completely
disproportionate to the crime that has
been committed so I think that John
Walsh's terrible horrible crime here is
really so terrible and horrible no I
don't I think John Walsh is obnoxious so
I think so yeah and the advertisers
auto-paint monetarily for something john
walsh said that it's dumb on twitter no
i don't and she hasn't even apologized
