welcome to the show thomas sol the
leading economist in the united states
and one of the great thinkers of the
modern american scene he has a brand new
book out it's called discrimination and
disparities I had the pleasure of
reading it over the last couple of weeks
I've actually referenced it at least
twice on the show since I read it I
think it's quite brilliant professor
Saul thanks so much for joining us so
let me let me start with what I think is
the most important part of the book you
make an argument with regard to the
definition of discrimination because
people tend to lump all sorts of
discrimination together you talk about
discrimination 1 1 B and discrimination
2 can you just explain what those are
and what the difference is between them
yeah the people who have discriminating
taste meaning that they are very good at
comparing things and making decisions
accordingly discrimination to means
almost the opposite mainly that once
you've identified someone's identity
then that person's individual qualities
don't matter you will treat them
negatively but on the basis of that and
it's discrimination to that
discriminating discrimination laws have
been passed to deal with and
discrimination 1 B is a different type
of discrimination that you discuss as
well this would be the use of group data
in order to make individual decisions in
the absence of individual information is
that right that's right discrimination 1
a would be judging each person as
individual 1 B would be just judging
individuals by the group that they come
from in the absence of high call
information that would have a
prohibitive cost and the reason that
distinction is so important you talk
about it in the book is because what
people tend to do is lump all of these
things together so if you for example
our taxi driver in New York City and
there's a higher crime rate in the black
community and so you don't pick up a
particular black customer people accuse
you of being a racist as opposed to
simply you're using the information
available to you and the proper solution
to that would be the uber or lyft
solution where you can actually profile
the criminal backgrounds of potential
customers presumably yes black taxi
drivers do that
justice white taxi drivers do so
professor so one of the things that's
great about the book and I think the
most important thing is that you point
out that just because there are
disparities between racial groups which
is of course the most important thing
people talk about in the country that
doesn't necessarily mean that there's
some sort
vicious discrimination going on there
could be an informational based
discrimination one be going on there
could be a behavioral discrimination
type one going on how is it that we
should approach separating out the types
of discrimination that are that are
really insidious from from the other
types of discrimination when we just see
a headline in the newspaper that says
black folks have fewer homes than white
folks or black folks aren't committing
more crimes than white folks for example
well I think the crucial implicit
assumption is that in the absence of
discrimination and in the absence of any
genetic differences that people would be
more or less randomly or equally spread
out and therefore there wouldn't be
these differences in point of fact there
are innumerable differences one of the
simplest ones that gets ignored all the
time is that groups have different ages
that is the Japanese Americans have a
median age that is 20 years older than
the median age of Mexican Americans and
so if you're talking about jobs that
require you know either long years of
education about ten years of experience
something like that then just the
demographic differences means you have
no chance from the outset even if
Japanese Americans and Mexican Americans
were absolutely identical with every
other aspect and one of the things that
this makes clear your discussion of this
discrimination your book discrimination
and disparities and the differences
between groups one of the things this
makes clear is that virtually all
government programs that are directed at
direct redistribution between groups are
probably bound to fail because they're
not taking into account the real reasons
for the disparities in the first place
so in the book is discrimination and
disparities professor so obviously is
written a number of books I've
recommended probably 10 to 15 books on
the program already his latest is really
timely and really effective professor so
one final question for you because I
know that we're a little short on time
there was a New York Times study that
came out a couple of weeks ago and the
claim from the New York Times is that it
showed that black boys particularly are
facing discrimination in the United
States that black girls are not and that
among rich households even the household
income is not a good predictor of future
performance the suggestion from the New
York Times that America is just more
racist against black boys than black
girls what was your take on that study
if you had a chance to look at it look
but I see no reason whatever did once
you expect boys and girls to behave the
same any more than we would expect you
know japanese-americans to be highly
highly representative baseball when when
their median ages in the upper 40s again
the book is discrimination and
disparities professor so thanks so much
for taking the time I really do
appreciate it's always a pleasure to
have you toss an honor and we always
appreciate that you take the time to be
on the program oh thank you thanks so
much
