some of their core beliefs are that
government is the negation of Liberty
that respect for the individual's
property is fundamental to a peaceful
society that violent action is only
warranted in defense of one's property
and that the individual owns his or her
body and is therefore responsible for
his or her actions tonight we are
hosting a speech on the founding values
of our nation
how those values found their way into
our most important historical documents
and how those values still guide us
today we have invited Michael J Knowles
a New York Times bestselling author and
host of his own podcast to speak with us
on the importance of these values if you
have brought his book with you I invite
you I invite you to stay after the event
is concluded as Michael will be doing a
book signing his book is not being sold
at this event there will be a question
and answer session following the end of
Michael's speech because of this we ask
that you keep your comments and
questions until that time before we
begin I would like to take this time to
remind all guests of the Ithaca College
Rules for the maintenance of public
order article 3 section 1 of this policy
states that intentional disruption or
destruct or obstruction of teaching
guest lectures research administration
free movement disciplinary proceedings
or other college activities may result
in disciplinary action we ask all our
guests to be as respectful as possible
throughout the duration of the event
please do not block someone else's view
of the stage and please stay seated and
please stay seated and during the event
unless of course you need to use the
restroom or just leave without further
delay I'd like to welcome Michael Janos
to begin his very important talk on the
founding values of our nation
thank you very much thank you for coming
out I didn't know that my talk would be
so controversial but I'm pleased to hear
it it's very funny because the main
thing that I have ever done is not write
a book so I didn't I didn't talk at
Yeshiva University on Monday where I
talked about the humorless left how the
the right is having such a good time
right now and we're laughing and having
a good time and the left is shrieking
and yelling and wearing hats in the
shape of genitals and just not having a
very good time and they look like do I
don't know if you've ever seen that meme
of Sandra Fluke Sandra Fluke was this
democrat activist and she's kind of her
arms across and she's frowning and says
that's not funny that's not funny that's
the left right now and anyone who would
protest a blank book is protesting
nothing first of all and and second of
all seems to have validated my theory
but we will not talk about nothing
tonight we will use words we will use
words that we're not supposed to use
we're not supposed to talk about these
things at the dinner table the topic of
discussion is give me that old-time
religion America's Christian foundation
we're talking about politics and
religion and that's a big no-no that is
if you're not supposed to do that and
which I've never understood if you you
know you're not supposed to talk about
politics or religion at the dinner table
but what does that leave you to talk
about that leaves you to talk about the
chicken that leaves you to say oh do you
like you like the chicken like this and
I like okay that's nice you know but is
that all we can talk about it just small
talk that's so that's so a shallow
that's that we would think that we could
talk about more than that that the level
of discourse could be a little raised
and nobody enjoys small talk it's very
awkward and it's very tedious there was
a study out of the University of Arizona
in 2010 that showed that people hate
small talk and they like talking about
things that matter the lead psychology
on that study observed by engaging in
meaningful conversations we managed to
impose meaning on an otherwise pretty
chaotic world and interpersonally as you
find this meaning you bond with your
partner and we know that interpersonal
connection and integration is a core
foundation of happiness
meaning order chaos that Jordan Peterson
has just sold about a zillion books
and taken over YouTube by talking about
this very subject and you don't need to
talk to Jordan Peterson or any other
psychologist to tell you how terrible
small talk is it is just awful so it
seems that you're damned if you do and
you're damned if you don't if you
discuss meaningful things then you're
rude and if you just discuss frivolous
things and the chicken a dinner table
you'll be miserable now of course those
aren't the only options for conversation
it isn't just Leviticus or the weather
that would be a very stark contrast you
can also talk about baseball games or
Netflix or how delicious Tide Pods have
become all of a sudden you can you can
talk about the culture in other words
and that is our culture in 2018 we were
promised flying cars and we're eating
laundry detergent that's what we've
become but culture doesn't let us off
the hook so easily Andrew Breitbart was
fond of observing politics is downstream
of culture our culture dictates our
politics Donald Trump was not elected
president because of his great record of
statesmanship
and political achievement he was elected
president because he's a pop culture
superstore Barack Obama the same thing
Rock Obama didn't have any political
accomplishments to his name before he
announced his bid for president he
missed most of his votes in the Illinois
State Senate and he had served in the US
Senate for just two years before he
announced his run he was a cultural
figure hope and change and he also
positioned himself as a religious figure
as a messianic figure during his 2008
announcement of Obama announced I faced
this challenge with profound humility
and knowledge of my own limitations but
and when this is a usage note when
people say but that negates the sentence
servizio I'm very humble but let me tell
you about what a cool guy I am they
always negate sentences you hear this on
college campuses all the time people say
I support free speech but you get you
conservatives off of campus you you hear
politicians say I support the Second
Amendment but I want to take all of your
guns you hear boyfriends and girlfriends
say this I'm really really sorry but and
that means I'm not sorry at all and
you're acting crazy that's what that
means a slight digression on the
buttheads in 2008 in 2008 Barack Obama
announced if we are willing to work for
it and fight for it
believe in it then I am absolutely
certain that generations from now we are
going to be able to look back and tell
our children this was the moment we
began to provide care for the sick and
jobs for the jobless this was the moment
when the rise of the oceans began to
slow and our planet began to heal and
that does not sound like politics does
it that doesn't even sound like culture
Barack Obama promised if you believe in
me
I will heal the sick and calm the oceans
there there is a man who did all of
those things it's in a wonderful book
that you should read his name was not
Barack Obama they called Donald Trump a
narcissist they call him a narcissist
Donald Trump has never promised to calm
the oceans politics is downstream of
culture and culture is downstream of
religion that's built into the word
culture itself culture and cult come
from the same word what a culture
worships is going to define it so a
culture that worships money is going to
be materialistic a culture that worships
X is going to be licentiousness both
that's not so bad some of the time but
but in general broadly in the long run
that's probably not a great thing the
left would have us pretend that all
religions are equal except for
Christianity of course which is terrible
but all of them are equal they except
for that little side note they're all
the same they all worship the same God
the god of Christianity the God of Islam
it's all the same God even the Buddhists
and the Hindus is it it's just all the
same thing isn't it
but of course this isn't the case if
this were the case then we wouldn't have
different religions if if Christianity
were no different than Islam we wouldn't
have a religion called Islam
Christianity came first something
changed there was a new thing and then
we got Islam this is where history helps
our friends on the left may be
frequently wrong but they're never in
doubt so let's clear up some religious
history and then we can see how all of
this affects America's past and present
and future on the question of Islam
Islam was founded in the 7th century by
an Arab named Mohammed who joined his
uncle Abu Talib on a merchant trip to
Syria on that trip he met a heretical
Christian monk named mahira and shortly
thereafter he laid the groundwork for
religious vision this is the basis of
Islam now even just saying the word
Islam even just discussing it I am
waiting for the doors to be knocked down
and ante fuh to come and Club me over
the head even to bring up this thing and
that is because the left confuses two
entirely different concepts race and
religion
Aleph T's seem to think that certain
countries and certain peoples just
naturally belong to some religion or
another
so therefore to criticize one religion
or to even discuss it is racist because
there would be the same thing but of
course this isn't the case on my show
last week I interviewed a Lebanese
Christian woman named Brigitte Gabriel
she was born in Lebanon she lived her
childhood during the Lebanese civil war
she saw most of her friends many of her
friends and family killed were attacked
by Muslim belligerence during that war
she was only saved when Christian
missionaries entered her town and the
Israeli army invaded and gave them
life-saving medical support same country
same race of people different religious
premises different culture a different
life different government different life
Syria today is a Muslim country before
Muhammad's religious movement and
military campaigns Syria was an
important Christian country the Apostle
Paul was converted on the road to
Damascus only in the decade after
Muhammad's death was Syria captured by
Muslim Arabs of the rashidun army which
established the Umayyad dynasty we see
the horrors on television coming out of
Syria nightly how might that country
have developed differently had the
Byzantine Empire resisted Khalid ib'n
Alwaleed invasion in the seventh century
religion defines culture culture defines
politics different religions create
different cultures and those cultures
govern themselves differently so how
might our culture in the West have
developed differently had Muslim
invaders in the seventh and eighth
centuries succeeded in conquering Europe
the Umayyad Caliphate was not contempt
just to hang around Syria and frankly I
don't blame them in fairness if I had
the choice between Syria or Paris I
would choose Paris it's a very nice City
the Umayyad armies agreed within just a
hundred years of the death of Mohammed
the Umayyad Caliphate nearly conquered
Europe
by the year 711 it invaded and started
toppling Visigothic Christian kingdoms
of the Iberian Peninsula by 732 they
made it to tours now you know our
friends on the Left including Barack
Obama they love to apologize for the
rest of us for imagined Western
aggression against the rest of the world
at all times hundreds of years ago do
you remember Barack Obama's apology tour
during his presidency Barack Obama who
knows absolutely nothing about the
Crusades excused Islamic terror today by
pointing to the Crusades a defensive war
that took place 900 years ago which is
really reaching that's quite quite far
back if only he'd looked for centuries
earlier than that to the Battle of Tours
which took place not 150 miles outside
of Mecca but 150 miles outside of Paris
right in the heart of Europe the Battle
of Tours was a turning point in the
history of the West's religious cultural
and political led by Charles Martel
Christian forces turned away the far
larger Muslim forces killed their leader
and stopped the Muslim advance into
Europe now this wasn't the last time
that Muslim forces would try to invade
Europe in 1571 the Ottoman Empire
aggressed in the Mediterranean Christian
fleets flying the banners of Christ
crucified and Our Lady of Guadalupe
sailed to meet the Ottomans off the
western coast of Greece the Ottomans
flew a 16-foot long silk batter the silk
banner rather of their Admiral Quranic
verses in the name of Allah stitched in
gold nearly 30,000 times they also flew
the Zulfikar the double bladed sword
that muhammad is said to have used
during his military campaigns just those
images should dispel any silly notions
that all religions are the same and
would produce the same culture and would
produce the same politics fortunately
for us and despite long odds the
Christian forces prevailed again in 1683
the Ottoman Turks tried to conquer
Europe at the Battle of Vienna that
wasn't 900 years ago either if Barack
Obama happens to be watching I hope he
is I know I think he watches the show
every day less than 100 years before the
American Revolution less than 100 years
before Muslim invaders attempted to
conquer Vienna and fortunately for all
of us the vastly outnumbered Holy Roman
Empire defeated the invaders this brings
about I hope you can appreciate that
we've just
gone through 1,400 years of history in
about seven minutes this brings us to
the American Revolution because this is
the topic that we are discussing tonight
America's Christian foundation very
politically incorrect how might a
different end to all of those battles
have changed our revolution our culture
our government our way of life a father
George Rutner puts this issue into stark
light he writes had the Christian fleet
sunk off Western Greece on October 7th
in 1571 we would not be here now these
words would not be written in English
there would be no University's human
rights holy matrimony advanced science
enfranchised win and fair justice and
morality as it was carved on the tablets
of Moses and in flesh tin Christ without
a Christian foundation there would be no
United States of America Christianity
had existed in England which gives us
our language in our legal system since
at least the 3rd century the university
developed out of the European Cathedral
schools specifically the University of
Paris and the University of Bologna and
the University of Oxford which sprang up
alongside it human rights which our
friends on the left love to talk they're
always talking about human rights they
name things that are tirely entirely
unrelated they call them the human
rights campaign and the human rights
this and the human rights that they're
discussed constantly usually
incoherently those derived from natural
rights as in we hold these truths to be
self-evident that all men are created
equal that they are endowed by their
creator with certain unalienable rights
those derived from the natural law as
described by st. Thomas Aquinas and the
natural law comes to us from that
eternal metaphysical lawgiver that big
Jewish guy in the sky only culture
shaped by Christianity only in those
cultures do we see the abolition of
slavery or any notion of women's rights
beginning with the spiritual equality of
men and women in holy matrimony
extending all the way to the right to
vote slavery as well as the subjugation
of women run rampant today throughout
cultures that have resisted Christian
influence including widespread approval
for honor killings of women in Asia and
the Middle East our conceptions of
Liberty which Americans holds so dear Oh
entirely to the culture that says if the
son sets you free you will be free
indeed
Christianity preaches grace and Liberty
God's love and grace and crucially our
free will to turn toward him
Christianity teaches that God is the
logos the divine logic of the universe
which becomes flesh and dwells among us
other religions teach that God is not
constrained to logic but may deal in
senseless wrath they teach not Liberty
but submission one religion means
submission Americans do not submit
Americans love Liberty why because the
United States has developed within a
certain culture and that culture
worships a particular God if the
founders of our nation worshiped a
different God we would have developed a
different kind of culture and we would
live under a different kind of
government in a different kind of
society nevertheless nevertheless she
persisted nevertheless are lightly
educated friends on the Left they insist
that America is not a Christian nation
they point to slogans and catchphrases
such as the separation of church and
state the favorite line that they point
to when they describe the separation of
church and state is John Adams who says
allegedly who says the government of the
United States of America is not in any
sense founded on the Christian religion
you see this in memes that go around the
social media as Mark Twain put it it's
not what we don't know that gets us in
trouble it's what we know for certain
that just ain't so that line that I've
just quoted comes from the Treaty of
Tripoli which was ratified by the Senate
and signed by John Adams but our friends
on the left should probably not be so
fast to point to the Treaty of Tripoli
as evidence of America's multicultural
anti-christian foundation the Treaty of
Tripoli was only signed because in the
earliest days of our nation
pirates from Morocco Tunis Algiers and
Tripoli began kidnapping American
sailors in the Mediterranean and selling
them into slavery forcing the United
States to the bargaining table as you
can imagine I'd go running to the
bargaining table if my countrymen were
being enslaved the Barbary powers
declared that they were at war with all
Christian nations as a result in
diplomatic communications with these
states Americans would say that they had
nothing against Muslims and in this one
case that America was not a Christian
nation because the business of America's
business and they got to keep that trade
going it's very hard to blame them if
you are a Christian nation and you want
to conduct your trade without your
people being sold into slavery you might
get a little mealy mouth with your
language but to the extent that John
Adams or other early president reached
out to Muslims it was always for the
same reason to obtain agreements for
trade and to protect ships that were
being attacked in the Mediterranean so
there goes that line of argument ok but
what about the First Amendment what
about the Establishment Clause which
reads Congress shall make no law
establishing and respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof now our lefty
friends they point to this they say aha
I've got it this is the irrefutable
proof of the separation of church and
state they do have a point the First
Amendment does offer some separation
between church and state but the purpose
of that separation is to protect the
church from the state not the other way
around not to protect the state from the
church the left would have us believe
that the framers of the Constitution
considered religion a threat to our
civic culture and so they had to
secularize it and ground governments
strictly on reason on neutral reason
rather than all of those awful
superstitions and dangers of religion
even a cursory glance at the historical
and philosophical evidence shows that
this left-wing secular narrative is
impossible well the First Amendment
prohibited the federal establishment of
religion roughly half of the states at
the time had some form of religious
establishment when that document was
ratified other states were pursuing it
as well did all of those states just
ratify themselves into
unconstitutionality probably not
founders and framers all the way up to
and including George Washington John
Adams Patrick Henry Supreme Court
Justice John Marshall all of them
supported some degree of established
religion in the United States John Adams
put it bluntly moral and religious
people it is wholly inadequate to the
government of any other that's John as
it's the same John Adams that they say
said America is not a Christian country
but that he when he said that it was in
a treaty he wasn't texting it to his
buddies or something he made that line
quite clear that's John Adams so why
were so many of our founding
there's insistent on this point of
religion it's because freedom is
dangerous society requires order either
the people can order themselves or a
powerful government will order you for
you just watch out liberty is a risky
thing and it cannot be entrusted to just
anybody people who cannot control
themselves are not fit for liberty
Liberty will die out in an instant as
we've seen so frequently occur when
liberal government is foisted on
cultures that cannot sustain it the
Christian religion simply as the
founders understood is conducive to the
formation of virtue which in turn
sustains a free Republic and allows that
form of government to survive and to
thrive
now of course America's foundation goes
back further than just 1776 Christopher
Columbus the discoverer of the Americas
was a devout Catholic he prayed
constantly on the voyage from Spain he
made a confession and he took a
Eucharist before he left in the morning
he set his book of hours privately in
his own cabin instructed the youngest
sailors to lead prayer every half hour
on the half hour and he ended each day
of sailing with a shipwide recitation of
the Our Father Hail Mary
Apostles Creed and hail holy Queen the
Mayflower passengers who founded New
England were Christian zealots I think
it's fair to say I descend from for
actually only descent from one pilgrim
and then three so-called strangers who
were true derelicts I've recently
learned I looked into the history of
this they were mutineers and thieves and
murderers they my great-grandfather John
Billington was the first person in
America to be executed for murder
so that's but one of them was a pilgrim
Christian zealots and consider the
circumstances of their arrival the
pilgrims make it here the Mayflower
makes it here they are blown three
hundred miles hundreds of miles off of
their intended landing point in
Manhattan
they don't even land at the next-biggest
Harbor they land in this kind of middle
ground they finally settle on this place
at Plymouth they get out of their ships
and there are perfectly cultivated
fields there are perfectly cultivated
fields there are stores of corn and
there is nobody there there are dry
bones because the inhabitants have been
wiped out in a plague just
before the pilgrims arrival then they're
thinking well is a pretty weird
coincidence probably we have the right
religion and as they say that Squanto
walks out of the woods the only person
in the hemisphere to speak fluent
English because by a strange coincidence
he had been kidnapped brought to Spain
freed by monks brought to London hung
out in London for a while
made it back to America walked down the
coast and just miraculously walked out
at the exact place where the pilgrims
were not supposed to land that seems
like more of a coincidence than I'm
willing to accept providential you might
even say our Declaration of Independence
reads we hold these truths to be
self-evident that all men are created
equal that they are endowed by their
creator with certain unalienable rights
to which creator' do they refer they
refer to the Christian God of course who
I should know it also happens to be a
Jew hence the popular phrase
judeo-christian he is the Creator that
they all recognized and worshiped that
line alone should dispel any absurd
modern notion that America's Founding
was somehow atheistic or to use the
modern phrase secular it says creator
right in the document now one should
acknowledge the variety of Christian
belief in America and in the founding
this will bring us back to the title of
the discussion that old-time religion
give me that old-time religion not the
modern religion not the new religion the
old-time religion which is good enough
for me
there was a variety of Christian thought
at that founding I'm sure the Mayflower
ancestors of mine would be shocked and
appalled and horrified by the flagrant
potpourri of their offspring the
settlers of New England banished
religious dissenters of various stripes
including poor Anne Hutchinson who
became the first American though not the
last American to be murdered in the
Bronx she would have a long line of
people after her she was murdered there
by Indians and all she got was a lousy
Parkway Maryland was founded as a
Catholic colony mary'll and the Quakers
flocked to Pennsylvania
the pilgrims splintered into ever more
narrow sects Congregationalists and
Baptists and Anabaptists and Methodists
and so on some of our founders and
framers even espoused and abstract deism
which denied various doctrines of the
Christian Creed but institutionally
preserved
most of what Christendom had bestowed
upon the West
it is this abstraction and vagueness
that I would like to warn against both
in politics and in religion from the
Enlightenment onward there has existed a
rationalist tendency to abstract ideas
from the institutions that support them
you hear this all the time in politics
you heard this during the 2016
presidential campaign especially among
your conservative and libertarian
friends they say so-and-so is not a true
conservative capital T capital C little
trademark sign at the top he's not a
true conservative he doesn't stand for
liberty he doesn't stand for equality or
free cuz they're always standing they
only stand they don't do anything they
just stand there they do it's very
frustrating the Republican presidential
candidate in 2012 Tim Pawlenty
his slogan bless his heart he's a very
nice guy his slogan was the courage to
stand which doesn't require any courage
there is no courage that is required to
stand most people can do it just fine
this is why left-wing activism is so sad
these days too because they all just
kind of loaf they just they Occupy Wall
Street they don't even look knock down
the buildings or throw rock they just
occupy they just sit there what do we
want I don't know when do we want it
yeah that's basically left-wing activism
in 2018 all value West I haven't made
this point clear enough all value is in
fleshed all virtues must be enacted in
time and space by people with bodies the
principles for which our abstracting
friends so courageously stand are
utterly useless if they are not put into
practice by real and therefore imperfect
men through effort and institutions
there is a new search for meaning all
around us it is in the air you can feel
it happening the dominant leftist
worldview just does not cut it it's why
everybody is so agitated they and I got
I saw before this event happened someone
wrote on a poster or something they said
I don't know who this guy is but I hate
him
that sums that everybody's really on
edge especially the left they're very on
edge aren't they there is a crisis and a
hunger for meaning the the prevailing
moral framework a leftist framework
that says if it feels good do it that
isn't gratifying it's gratifying for a
little while then it's not gratifying
anymore
the Atheist vision that life is a
tragedy that all of our hopes and all of
our dreams and all of our joys are
really just illusions produced by
chemicals in our brains that just delude
us into forgetting that we're all gonna
die and turn to worm food that doesn't
cut it the idea that this life is a tale
told by an idiot full of sound and fury
signifying nothing
it doesn't cut it and we all suspect
deep down that it just isn't true Viktor
Frankl the Holocaust survivor of
Auschwitz knew this when he wrote man's
search for meaning is the primary
motivation in his life and not a
secondary rationalization of
intellectual drives instinctual drives
pardon that's why books like Jordan
Peterson's 12 rules for life have
skyrocketed up the bestseller shorts how
a boring quiet mild-mannered the
professor in Canada has become a global
superstar is because he is speaking
precisely to this problem this is why
simple declarations that objective truth
exists that there are only two
biological sexes that facts indeed do
not care about your feelings this is how
they have become the most viral clips on
YouTube the incipit emotivist
relativistic tyranny of feelings that
has defined public discourse for decades
is crumbling under the weight of its own
incoherence now right-minded truth
seeking people have a great challenge
before us which will require real
courage not the courage to stand that
courage is fairly minimal it will
require real courage most of us can
stand we must have the courage to follow
this search for meaning to its logical
conclusions politics it's downstream of
culture and culture is downstream of the
god or gods our society worships the
culture that built the United States
over 400 years worshiped the triune god
of Christianity our politics has decayed
because our culture has decayed and our
culture has decayed because the new gods
that it worships cannot sustain the
greatest freest most charitable most
prosperous country in the history of the
world they cannot sustain our Liberty
this is not a threat this is an
observing
those gods cannot sustain our Liberty
our country is built for a moral and
religious people and immoral and
irreligious people cannot be trusted
with American liberty many prominent
progressives today Sam Harris comes to
mind they deny even freewill existence
they say it's just a matter of random
atoms sort of smashing together it's a
senseless cosmic accident
there's no divine logic to the universe
there's no eternal reason there's no
heavenly Liberator but if there's no
free will then there's no freedom if
there's no free will then there's no
freedom at all what does freedom even
mean if there's no free will
Liberty as an illusion bring on the
tyranny what's the difference and you
can sense this happening or hunt people
might not be articulating this but
certainly we see it happening the great
Catholic writer Hilaire Belloc predicted
all of this as early as 1931 he
predicted that this sort of new paganism
would produce a massive restrictive
legislation on action and on speech that
it would with greater and greater
confidence oppose human dignity
sterilized the unfit restrict birth that
it would institute a new form of slavery
the compulsion of labor backed by the
arms of the state does any of that sound
familiar today there are so many federal
regulations on the books that nobody
knows how many there are
I googled it before the speech when I
was putting it together I wonder how
many federal rate there is no number
that anyone can come up with the
Congressional Research Service cannot
give an answer that is too many
regulations a million babies are killed
in the womb each year bakers and
florists are being hauled into court for
declining to participate in certain
ceremonies we must have the courage to
follow our search for meaning to its
logical conclusions we cannot merely
stand for principles whatever that means
we cannot merely fight the left
we cannot merely even patronize good art
or make good movies or watch good
television shows or cook up good Tide
Pods of course all of these things are
important and and salty delicious
leftist tears are wonderful we should
drink deep of that frothy ambrosia but
we should also contain them in the
proper vessel and and we must not
content ourselves with merely making our
beds and cleaning our rooms we must not
merely intellect
Chua lies or think or say well I don't
believe myself but you know I think that
religious doctrine is good for society
and so I'll just pretend because you
know it might be good for my
psychological state or for my culture
that's not good enough
we must not even nearly believe we must
not content ourselves with merely the
metaphysical and the metaphorical the
abstraction and the rationalization we
are people with bodies in time and space
we must not merely defend ideas but
participate in those traditions and
those institutions and those sacraments
that join the metaphysical and the
physical the signifier and the signified
heaven and earth politics it's
downstream of culture and culture sits
downstream of the gods that culture
worships we must worship truly worship
on our knees with our hosts soul selves
and with that old-time religion the God
who has blessed our country and who made
America great in the first place and who
can make America great again thank you
very much thank you Michael for that
really great and educational speech we
will now begin our Q&A session out of
respect for everyone's time I ask that
no questions be longer than 15 seconds
and there will be no follow-up questions
please you can please line up over there
and mic handlers will give you a mic
thank you
oh okay
this one here would you say that
religion is really something that just
kind of appears out of the blue or would
you say that religion is something that
rather reflects the views of a people
like like I think that Islam is
something that you know kind of just
reflects the general views of the region
rather than just a religion that like
boom appeared well we know and certainly
religions do reflect on people really it
reflects on God so the people reflect
more on the religion and the religion
reflects upon the people but in the case
of Islam for instance it did have a
starting point we do know the starting
point it was a man who did it and it
happened in a certain year and it
happened after he talked to another guy
from another religion and so it
certainly did have that I think there's
a very modern notion that religion you
know it's really just about the fields
man and you know like they do this thing
they say I'm spiritual but I'm not
religious which really means I really
think that I'm interesting but I don't
care that much about God or anything
else that's basically what that phrase
means that I think is implicit in your
question I think that people of faith
are reflecting on something outside of
themselves and part of the crisis that
we're in right now in the search for
meaning is we're realizing that just
looking into ourselves make your own
meaning self-love that my favorite
website on the entire internet is
everyday feminism and I'm
I'm fairly convinced that it is a
right-wing satire website but either way
I thank them for that resource and they
have a portion of the site that says
this is your self-love course we have to
love ourselves but of course if we love
ourselves we're going to be empty we're
going to be unsatisfied a man wrapped up
in himself makes a very small package
indeed but a man who loves a God
especially a God who loves him back is
is more fulfilled and I think the only
way to do that is not to look at we the
people but for all of We the People to
join in and look at God together okay
that was the question can I ask another
question no okay so with the loss of
religion in our society we've seen sort
of a creep of post-modernism in our
society and the replacement of
enlightenment values and even the notion
of objective truth so with this being
said you know people like Dinah's Prager
have talked about how there can't really
be objective morality or objective truth
without faith and certainly the move
away from enlightenment values
coinciding with this would point to that
do you think that's true or do you
believe that we can have a return to the
Enlightenment and objective reality for
lack of a better term without a return
to religion I think we have to go a
little further back than the
Enlightenment because I think much of
the Enlightenment you can't talk about
the Enlightenment broadly because there
were there were different thinkers and
there were different things that came
out worked out a little better in the UK
than in France for instance where
everyone just got their heads chopped
off in the name of equality everyone had
them equally chopped off but I think you
have to go back a little further because
much of the project of the Enlightenment
was separating the values that we all
hold dear from the God that created
those values and that promotes those
values so I agree with my cigar buddy
Dennis on virtually everything but I'm a
little more hopeful because what I'm
looking at right now is not the decline
of religion and society that might be
reflected in certain public opinion
polls or something I see I see Jordan
Peterson skyrocketing up YouTube
I think that there's a whole generation
of people that were raised without any
sort of religion in this awful boring
depressing malaise of postmodern you you
do you man don't you my young and they
think that just can't be right
use I'll use my own church as an example
the Catholic Church in Vatican two and
and in through the 1960s and 70s took
the beautiful liturgy away and they
replaced it with acoustic guitars and
these insipid awful hymns about eagle's
wings and things like that and then the
church is emptied out surprise surprise
but there has been a movement recently a
reform of the reform to go back to that
traditional practice it's really
embodied in in an older form the priests
will not always face the congregation or
the parish you might face away or remind
you're all facing God together I think
that's what we're beginning to see I'm
I'm very very hopeful from from
everything I look around especially
because of the new media because you can
find Dennis Prager or Peterson or ban or
Clavin or whatever I think would be
we're able to crack through this leftist
tyranny of apathetic mid-century thought
I think there's a glimmer of hope on the
horizon thank you for coming and thank
you for your speech my question is
specific to college campuses how do you
recommend engaging with people who won't
even acknowledge some sort of
fundamental principles or objective
truth or even talk about religion or do
you think there's another way to go
about it or is it not worth our effort
effort at all
thank you I think you have to do it like
their children because they behave like
children they wear genital hats and
shriek and yell and interrupt people who
were trying to have civilized
conversations and like children they
don't understand when they are being
incoherent or being illogical the for
instance in your example they might deny
objective truth and they say there is no
such thing as objective truth and you
could always say how do you know that
how do you know you do you just said
something is that statement true or is
that statement false I would treat them
like children and I don't mean that in a
way to punish them or anything I just
mean they're very uneducated
they're very uncultured and a lot of
them don't even know how people are
supposed to behave in conversation they
don't even know about politeness or
manners they just weren't raised right
man they don't have that old-time
religion and so I would do it that way
and also with children you don't smack
them around and torture them hopefully
you have patience with them and you you
want them to see the world clearly you
want them to you you have a vision of
the world as it is and you want them to
share that so I would always do it that
way I wouldn't get too angry you know I
gave this talk on the humorless left but
I ain't humorless I'm having a great
time and I think if you're in politics
and you're you're joyful and you can
laugh at the stupid hats you know then I
think you're doing it right hi thank you
for your speech it's it's good and
refreshing I'm a Christian so like this
is something that I'm actually very
passionate about when I talk to a lot of
friends about and the big pushback that
I get when I say things like when I talk
about Christianity or Islam or Sharia
law like things like that like Bill
Warner I reference a lot of his stuff I
get a lot of pushback and I they kind of
make the religions the same right and
they don't they don't necessarily
understand that like they're they have
completely different teachings it's not
just like they all carry the same
universal morality so like what advice
would you give to kind of break that
barrier I mean I've done the like
actually going through the teachings and
then I just got called a bigot in an
Islamophobe even though I'm like quoting
the Quran or or things like that so like
what kind of advice would you have to
kind of break down that barrier and try
and reach the middle ground you were
hate reading
you were hate reading scripture than
that oh that's how dare you that's
terrible yeah there's this bizarre place
where a Jerry Seinfeld said he's not
going to play college campuses anymore
because the kids don't want to laugh
they just want to call things racist and
sexist and it's the same they don't want
to learn about Islam or Christianity or
any other religion for that matter they
just want to call you a bigot because
their religion is politics it's a real
perversion of what we've been talking
about all night
there's religion where and
downstream there's culture and
downstream there's politics but this
awful materialism this awful relativism
this awful post-modernism use whatever
ism you want here instead of looking up
in the culture worshipping what is of
the cult it looks down and it worships
the politics of feminists did this in
the 1960s and said the political is
personal
the personal is political this is
worship of that because everybody's got
to serve somebody so I would always
begin from a position of humility it you
know the least informed are usually the
loudest and so it's an important
realization when you realize you don't
know very much compared to other people
I would do it that way I would I would
ask them sometimes I get asked about
abortion and they say but yeah it's not
a life and it's not of this and it's not
that I say how sure are you
how sure okay so maybe it's not a
morally dignified life maybe there's
only a 5% chance are you willing to risk
that that's a million people a year that
you're killing are you willing to take a
five percent chance I would approach it
in that way and just ask questions
they'll stop sputtering at some point or
they'll walk away so first of all I
really appreciate what you're doing
because in the in the United States I
feel there there's not much that you
know unites people besides religion
because of our situation being a society
of so many different cultures and so
it's really important first of all to
have to have a strong faith based
society moral society but when you say
that when people when the left when what
they do is too passive when they try to
protest like to say wall street or that
it's too passive and when the right say
when they stand what are they really
standing for because anyone can stand
what do you suggest would you suggest
like direct action against institutions
which which actively oppose faith-based
society
oh sure I'm fine with that I I'm happy
to to fight the barbarians when they
come clamoring at the gates but I'm
actually saying something a little
deeper that I don't think people do and
to do that much and it's just kind of
going away which is actually
participating in the institutions there
are a lot of people who now are
realizing that oh gosh this divided
politics and this divided culture is
just miserable and it's not even true
and yes maybe maybe we had it better
before we destroyed Christianity oh man
yeah maybe Christianity that's the good
one and then they don't go to church but
you can't do that because we'd like to
take ourselves out of our own bodies and
say oh I'm just floating in the ether
I'm just this abstraction I can just
think but that's not true you're a
person with a body who participates in
things in time and space and some day
you're not going to be here anymore and
so I think we need to do those things I
think we need to go to the church I
think we need to talk to people on the
street I think it's we should pull away
from being just keyboard warriors and
really talk to people not
intellectualize it or rationalize it so
much but really participate put your
whole body into it put a little elbow
grease into it I think that would go a
long way thank you hi if you had to
choose between enlightenment values
Christian values and Greek values which
would you choose
well luckily Christian Valley if
Christian values seems to do the whole
thing because it unites Jewish
revelation with Greek reason so that's
pretty good for me I'm I would be quite
pleased with this if I had to pick only
two doctors of the church to bring with
me to a desert island I would take Saint
Agustin and st. Thomas and I I think
that comes together very nicely the the
speaking broadly here obviously there
are many enlightened thinkers and
writers who I shouldn't be criticizing
and some who were trying to work through
problems and it just didn't work out but
the experiment to try to remove value
from God failed it failed utterly and
the 20th century is the steaming burning
ruins of that experiment so I would I
would push back a little further and try
to analyze me where did the
Enlightenment go wrong how did we get to
the guillotines let's how do we avoid
that in the future and and I would never
neglect reason and I
never neglect revelation I think right
now there's a culture of rationalism
where people worship reason and they do
it as irrationally as one possibly can
that's scientistic culture that says do
you believe in science is that believe
that you're talking a little weird man
it kind of sounds a little religiously
do you believe in global warming
maiya colpa Mia culpa I need my carbon
footprint I need to buy my I need to
find my carbon offset as my plenary
indulgence or something I I hope that
answers your question thank you sorry
thanks for coming
facts don't care about your feelings
trademark ben shapiro the entropy of
20/20 but um i just have a question
about that statement if facts don't care
about your feelings how could you argue
that being secular doesn't cut it like
you said you said as a fact no follow
questions I'll expand on it a bit
because it's a very good question there
are people who begin from the premise
but it's not a coherent premise that the
only thing that is real is that which I
can see and touch that's what's real and
anything else is just a fantasy it's
just a total imagination and obviously
that isn't true I can't touch
mathematics but mathematics is true
I can't touch love but love is obviously
real
I can't touch moral claims but morality
is real and so I think part of the
problem of the last 300 years or so is
that we've so narrowly defined reality
to say only that which I can touch is
real they say well you're you talking
aren't you yeah you're using language or
at you yeah you're using your reason
yeah why can't can I touch your reason
and I think it breaks down there I think
we're beginning to realize that a god
that's that's all feelings doesn't make
a lot of sense but God might be a fact
and he does care about your feelings but
he's a fact too
oh hi so you seem to be kind of
generalizing the left as he's sort of
screaming lunatic or just feminist with
my vagina strange tonight in my
description yeah yeah but I think it's
kind of it's not just unique to the left
it kind of affects the right as well
right like you could see you know videos
online of like pro-life protesters or if
you ask them like well why are you
against abortion and they'll just say
well it's in the Bible right that's
their justification for it have you ever
asked a pro-life demonstrator and I said
it's in the Bible I've seen the
interviews with people who are pro-life
that have a little justification well
okay but my point is yeah and you've got
people like ben shapiro who can make
like secular philosophical arguments
against abortion even though he's a
religious why would adherence to strict
adherence to religious dogma
instead of reason which can be more
easily argued against be conducive to a
civil and productive dialogue there are
no secular moral arguments because
there's no argument for one moral claim
over another moral claim you can't make
a scientific argument for one of those
you have to make a philosophical or a
theological argument for those things so
there are plenty of scientific
buttresses on the question of abortion
for instance there are plenty of good
things we can say for instance a baby
that is born premature can survive
outside 20 weeks so that's a baby but a
fetus will stay in the womb for 40 weeks
so we're saying that a 39 week old fetus
can be killed and is morally irrelevant
but a 26 year old baby that has been
born can survive and is morally relevant
that's not a very clear moral dictum is
it that doesn't make a whole lot of
sense so there are plenty of reasons
that we can add that come from science
as to why our moral claims are true but
you can't make a scientific argument
that you shouldn't kill people there's
no scientific argument for that so
ultimately we all use reason but we must
use first principles and premises that
we can't quite argue for most of the
time when
- the hysterical right the moral
equivalence just isn't there you don't
see right-wing organizations shouting
down leftist speakers and kicking them
off campus and punching charles Murray
in the face and causing the City of
Berkeley to spend six hundred thousand
dollars to defend a five-foot-nine
Orthodox Jew who just wants to tell you
the facts don't care about your feelings
you don't see that happening but you do
see it on the left you see it on the
left because as much as the left likes
to tout their own reason they're very
very unreasonable they shout and they
shriek and they yell you down and they
say how dare you and you can't talk if
you're a straight white cisgendered male
of whatever ethnic background because
because uh because that's not a
reasonable argument that's just yelling
and screaming and so I I don't see the
moral equivalence at all and any
caricature of a pro-lifer I don't think
is fair i I was pro-choice I don't use
that phrase because it's ridiculous but
I supported abortion I was convinced by
a bioethicists over lunch that it didn't
make a whole lot of sense
that most of the arguments for abortion
that are made in books like freakonomics
and so on are really also arguments for
killing young men in inner cities all of
the arguments keep cutting back and and
for killing the elderly and for killing
the mentally deficient and really
heinous or arguments hideous arguments I
think ultimately to put a point on your
question if one follows reason to its
logical conclusion one has no choice but
to believe in God I think the arguments
for God are much much better than the
really the one argument against God that
is at all convincing which is the
problem of pain and the problem of
suffering in our world and ultimately I
think even that observation is an
argument for God I'm nervous
hello my name is John totally nervous
I'm very gentle just a very I'm not like
the ante foe with the clubs in every I
know that's why I came to see you it's
so it's so nice seeing things like this
around campus it makes me so happy like
whew this is really happening I got to
be there I wasn't gonna be here my
rehearsal got cancelled so I'm so glad I
could be here anyway my question
what can people my age who I can only
really speak for myself who understand
the importance of old-timey religion but
I feel like there's so much out there
sometimes that I feel like I'm lost in
like a sea of meaning sometimes what and
I understand that we can like go to
church and read the Bible and all that
stuff and I understand all the stuff and
I could be more religious and I and I
accept all that stuff but what can we do
you have enough Catholic guilt you're
clearly I can tell I'm actually Lutheran
if you want to get real into it is
raised Lutheran so what can we do as
young folks to get back to that old-time
religion action-wise in our lives
meaning and all that shindig thank you
yeah that's an excellent question the
main stumbling block was brought up in
the previous question as well which is
that we've been told though not really
explained why this is true we've been
told that it's unreasonable to believe
in God that religion is just some
vestige of the past and thank goodness
were free from those shackles and God is
dead and we have killed him and you know
really that's okay
we've been told that and so there's this
intellectual snobbishness and people say
oh you know if I believe in God then I
won't be thought smart or sophisticated
and I won't look very nice at cocktail
parties but that simply isn't true the
smartest people in the history of the
world have believed in God and they've
believed in basically the same vision of
God so what I recommend for this culture
which is so bullying they there is such
intellectual bullying in to atheism
incoherent intellectual bullying what I
recommend you do is read the great
thinkers on Christianity some of the
great apologists some of the great
doctors of the church you could read CS
Lewis or you could read Chesterton or
you could read Owen Barfield or you
could read Hilaire Belloc
do you know that meme where it's like
the brain and then the bigger brain and
then the super brain and all yeah that's
kind of how I think you know it's like
CS Lewis you can Chester do you get the
hell there Belloc you know I can't even
take this anymore I would do that
because I think it will satisfy I don't
I think there are many probably better
way
into that experience of faith and that
experience of God but I think that in
our culture there is such a prejudice
for intellectualizing things that I
think we need to use that weakness of
our culture against it even on ourselves
and use that as an entry point to get
into deeper levels of a relationship
with God follow your memes kids follow
your messes I realize this is like great
advice for the culture we're only taking
two more questions so the next two
people who live hi thank you so much for
coming you don't actually seem that
execrable so that was a surprise talk to
you that much yeah I was just wondering
you mentioned that deep conversations
are more important than small talk do
you have any specific advice for how to
invite people to have those deep
conversations yeah just do it just do it
Pete a friend of mine from college no
longer says hey how you doing he says
what are you reading and this is very
most people now that say I don't know
Twitter and reading Facebook or
something I'm looking at images on
Instagram
one way to do it is you should read more
my pal Andrew Clavin very famously in
his 20s just decided to read every book
they just read them all you know just
read him in his twenties I read like you
know millionth of all the books he's
just read them all that's one way to do
it but I would be unafraid to speak
about real things I had a conversation
with a lefty acquaintance of mine and
there was a remarkable thing which is
that I was perfectly comfortable talking
about what I think and this person was
very uncomfortable doing it but this
person kept asking very personal
questions about my experiences which is
very rude and one should not do that and
but she all she wanted to talk about was
her feelings and her experiences that's
a byproduct of a culture that's very
relativistic and very navel-gazing so I
would ignore that it's very politically
incorrect to talk about religion and
politics and to talk about culture which
is really the the middle ground between
them do it anyway just do it don't have
any fear take heart you'll have a much
better time
in in life and in conversation and and I
think will help the culture thank you hi
thank you for coming do you believe that
the rise in graying sexuality and
transgenderism has anything to do with a
decline in judeo-christian values yeah
the rise in confusion certainly comes
from a rise in confusion I think
basically the judeo-christian values
come from the God who says I am that I
am Moses asks God he says who should I
tell them that you are and he says I
tell them I am that I am Christ what's
my microphone there it is Christ says
before Abraham was I am I am the essence
of being and so when you connect your
identity to I am you know who you are if
you don't do that when you disconnect
that you're left with a pathetic
question a really awful question that we
should pity which is Who am I Who am I
and so we take on all of these minor
attributes that are not our identity
that are ultimately unsatisfying for our
identity teenagers do this this is why I
say you should treat the left like
children and I don't mean that to be
mean I mean it to be patient and
hopefully grow them up a little bit is
you put on identities when you're a kid
so for you know a little bit I liked
rock music you know and so I don't know
what I what played a lot of guitar and
we're stupid rings or something and then
you know you like this and then we try
on all of these different identities I'm
an italian-american I'm a - it I'm a dis
I miss that or the other thing all of
those all of those are ultimately
unsatisfying and so I don't know how
much experimenting will need to happen
how much identity experimenting will
need to happen how much spiraling into
the subjective and endless self-identity
needs to happen before we realize that
the only gratifying identity is when we
pull it right out of ourselves and put
it at the eternal and at the infinite
and at the metaphysical
thank you Michael for those really
thoughtful comments and I thank you all
for attending tonight's event as I
stated earlier if you brought a copy of
Michael's book with you feel free to
stay after so he can sign it my really
thoughtful book you're really thoughtful
yes you're very thoughtful book yes for
everyone else I ask that you please find
their way to the nearest exit as the
space is reserved for another event at
this time thank you
you
