to preschools in Sweden are trying to
teach kids to be gender-neutral
carefully crafting their curriculum
around bogus studies by crackpot leftist
pseudo-scientists the teachers at these
schools teach girls to be rowdy and
aggressive so they can grow up to be
obnoxious loud mouths who can't find
husbands and they teach boys to behave
in a feminine manner so when they grow
up they can become serial killers who
keep the heads of women and their
refrigerators especially if the heads
remind them of their preschool teachers
who forced them to act like girls one of
the female teachers at the school told
reporters she very much enjoyed working
there saying quote coming into this
wonderful gender-neutral environment
makes such a refreshing change from
being repeatedly raped by Islamist
immigrants once Sweden has solved the
problem of boys being boys and girls
being girls they look forward to
changing other aspects of reality like
gravity the second law of thermodynamics
and idiots Swedes making their
children's lives miserable while
ignoring their real problems the
quarantine
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Klavan show
it's always nice to start the show with
a little reference to severed heads in
it just give it I don't know it gives it
an upbeat feeling you know
and speaking of severed heads we have to
say congratulations to Ben Shapiro
because he starts his big radio show
today I think it's in five major markets
around the country and I think it's
gonna be a Monday oh I thought it was
today no I was reading it off the Daily
wire that's them you can't trust this
paper this fake knows his fingers anyway
it starts Monday if he's in New York is
in Washington all over the place and I'm
sure it's gonna go great also we want to
congratulate Charlotte pence the vice
president's daughter because her picture
book Marlin bundo day in the life of the
vice president is now number five on the
New York Times bestseller list for
children's books and that means in spite
of the fact that her father kills and
devours homosexuals what he's after he's
been drinking think Mike Pence is doing
that they ate so much I don't know but
anyway that's great that she was
absolutely delightful and charming the
book is delightful and charming and we
have another book the boy crisis we will
have today the author dr. Warren Farrell
he wrote it with John Gray who's the guy
wrote the men are from Mars Women are
from Venus right but he was talking
about the boys boy crisis it's a
pre-recorded interview really really
interesting had a very different take I
thought on what was going on but it
really did sound bad and just to remind
you there will be a Friday show tomorrow
the clayvin list weekend curfew for the
claim this week and will not ring
tonight that it was it is still it is
still the Clavin Clavin Phil
delightfully Clavin filled week speaking
of your teeth your teeth are very
important because if you don't take care
of your teeth you come to look like look
at the mirror that's what you look like
it's disgusting it's disgusting and if
you want your dad to look good you got
to use an electric toothbrush my own
dental
Genest told me this did I tell you the
last time let's that the dental
hygienist
she said to me she said to me you have a
darkness in your tooth but it may just
be a void and I said god that's
existential you know it's like like
having a French novel in my face you
know like the man's search for tooth she
didn't think it was funny ya know what
but but you want your teeth to look good
and she told me you have to use an
electric toothbrush and of course the
problem with electric toothbrushes is
that they are roughly the size of
nuclear missiles they're so huge and
bulky you got to keep sticking them the
thing to make sure that they are charged
not with quip quip is a beautifully
designed sleek small battery-operated
electric toothbrush you can take it with
you anywhere it packs just the amount
right amount of vibrations into a slim
design and a fraction of the cost of
bulkier traditional electric brushes
clip also comes with a mount that
suctions right to your mirror if you
want to put it on your mirror I like to
suction it right here on my head and
just walk around with a beautiful clip
toothbrush it's doctor I'm sorry I'm
losing it great equip subscription plan
also refreshes your brush on a dentist
recommended schedule this also my dental
hygienist told me was very important it
delivers a new brush head every three
months for just five bucks including
free shipping worldwide that's really
important because I forget otherwise if
they don't deliver them I forget to
change them quip starts it's just $25
and if you go to get quip comm slash
Clavin right now you'll get your first
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush so get one you can put it in
your mouth brush and then shake your
favorite it's que la VA n there's no
ease it is not easy to be Clavin there's
no ease in Clavin get your first refill
pack free at get quip comm slash Clavin
that's GE t qu IP comm slash however you
spell Clavin they're sleek and
good-looking alright so I you know I've
worked I'm one of the few people
conservatives who complains about
Hollywood who actually worked in
Hollywood and I notice Roseanne her show
where she plays a trump supporter was a
smash I mean it was
way way beyond expectations and
everybody's kind of talking about it of
course the left is trying to parse it so
it doesn't mean that she was a trump
supporter and the right is trying to say
oh this is wonderful we're winning the
culture but I wanted to take a look at
it and really think about what what that
meant now I've talked about this before
but I am one of the very few people
there are people who would kill their
mothers to get a the Hollywood career
that I had I was dragged into it by
accident this is true I wrote a book
called the scarred man and it was my
first kind of first thriller I wrote
that got a little notice I mean actually
it's not true some my other thrillers
had won awards but this got a little bit
more notice a little bit more publicity
and it went around Hollywood and it's
sold they've got a big sale Hollywood it
was really the turning it was the the
economic turning point in my life I was
actually sitting on my bed computing
whether I had enough money to get to the
end of the month this is absolutely true
and the phone rang and I reached around
behind me picked it up and said hello
there was a man there I had never spoken
to before in my life he turned out to be
my Hollywood agent which I didn't even
know I had and he had sold that my book
the scarred man for what to me was then
a shower of gold and it absolutely
changed my life and it changed him
instant like that I then got a phone
call from a movie producer who had
started a new studio was working in a
new studio and she said you know I read
your book you obviously are a
screenwriter you're a natural-born
screenwriter I will hire you to write
any screenplay you want and I said I
don't want to do that so I love to tell
the story to aspiring screenwriter so
they go home and hang themselves you
know because my sister you know and I
just I just didn't want to do it I've
loved writing novels I still love
writing novels that's what I wanted to
do but this lady was very nice and she
said to me I will go get any piece of
material that you would like and I was
working at a at Columbia Pictures where
I was a reader and I'd read this
wonderful book by Simon Brett called
shock to the system and I said I would
do that if he got that she optioned it
and I wrote it and they made it into a
film right away and it's a good film
shock to the system with Michael Caine
and and so over the years I've just been
able to work in Hollywood from time to
time until I became a loud mouth
conservative now I have never claimed
that my career ended
I was a conservative because at the same
time I became very noisy about it the
business kind of tanked the movie
business tanked there was a writer's
strike and the people who hire people
got very angry at the writers so it
would all kind of happen together
there are definitely definitely people
who will not work with me because of my
politics and that it's so hard to work
in Hollywood that just makes it even
more hard but there is no question in
this world that they think in it for a
minute that this conservatives don't get
at least Grey listed that that's
ridiculous they are grey list that it is
hard to work and you know it's hard to
work because you go in to a meeting and
you talk and you try and sell something
and they're talking about how stupid
Donald Trump is and if you're an honest
person like me I don't want to just sit
there and smile with a you know a stupid
grin on my face pretending because once
you do that they own you they own you
body and soul because now you can't come
out and say what you really think and
I'm very polite but I always say no I'm
on the other side of the question I
don't mind Trump so much whatever I say
I say something and it can end the
conversation and certainly I know for a
fact I certainly certainly a lot of
people have been in meetings and then
they google me and they see the stuff
that I'm saying to you right now and
they don't want to and they don't want
to work with me so there's definitely
definitely this you know leftward tilt
toward Hollywood in terms of hiring in
terms of fair hiring that is not fair
and it's our fault it's our fault on the
right as I've said a million times so
yeah you know it's our fault that we
don't build our own studios that we
don't make our own movies that we don't
use YouTube cleverly enough that we
don't promote things that we're afraid
to come out and say the things that we
said that we want to say and we also
don't support the artists who do it with
if the artist doesn't meet every little
criteria criterion of right wing
philosophy we won't go and support that
we want our right wing art to be
incredibly right-wing you know it's got
to be like right wing Jesus it's Jesus
with a gun Jesus is coming with a gun
he's coming this time he has a gun it's
Jesus too
you know he's coming back and this time
he has a gun so you know we're not that
good at supporting the arts and so the
left is taking them over and it's it's a
problem I mean I really do think it sets
a lot of the tone
of the country so now Rosanna using her
star power which is considerable comes
back in issues always a kind of a
representative of the working class she
does this show and she plays a trump
supporter and it's a huge huge hit and
even at you know we should play the
piece right I didn't play this piece
yesterday where she was sitting with
Jimmy Kimmel did we play this I don't
think we did where she just told Jimmy
Cooper I don't think we did but let's
play it anyway she just was sitting with
Jimmy Kimmel and she told him the truth
about what he is not it's what he is
doing and it wouldn't matter if it was
just him it's all of them every single
comedian is anti-trump and that is the
problem it's not one person it's not
that there's some people who are on one
side and some people on the other it's
that they all believe the same thing so
she really went off on him very liberal
socially liberal person in general i say
this Jimmy a lot of us you know no
matter who we bought it for we don't
want to see our president fail right cuz
this is the thing and we're gonna get to
this in a minute Roseanne is in fact
very socially liberal so John put
Haaretz who was a good cultural observer
he's writing at the New York Post and
this is his reaction to Roseanne success
at the beginning of March the Academy
Awards featured performers talking about
intersectionality and dreamers and jokes
about how an oscar-nominated movie about
a gay awakening was made to annoy Mike
Pence and the show got the lowest
ratings in history Tuesday night the
premiere episode of the revival of
Roseanne featured a working-class
grandmother saying grace before dinner
and concluding with thanks for making
America great again and the show got the
highest ratings of any Network program
in six years
Hollywood has now faced with
indisputable evidence that there's a
huge potential audience out there for
programs that don't actively
Sault 63 million Trump voters now in
fact this is not indisputable evidence
with all respect to j-pod it's it's
correlation right we don't know people
may not be watching the Oscars because
there are a lot of other things to watch
they may be watching Rose Ann because
Rose they happen to like Rose Ann but
but it does seem logical that not
actively insulting 63 million people is
good economic policy I mean you know
it's again there's a lot of stuff a lot
of choice on television it's not that
you have to you can't actively insult
them it's that every show shouldn't
actively insult them and some show
should agree with them that just seems
to me good business policy you know put
out something for everybody you've got
all these different channels a million
different channels now put out something
for everybody I mean this is it so how
obvious is that as a business model I
mean why is it that I should be gray
listed they should welcome me they
should say oh hey this guy can reach
people we don't reach this guy talks to
people we don't talk to good you know
this is let's bring him in let's bring
in the next you know the next right wing
writer we can find let's have them all
in there but it's such a closed shop and
they don't understand what they're doing
so now Ben had this reaction where he
noticed he said there's something else
going on in Roseanne that should disturb
conservatives the redefinition of Trump
supporters as blue-collar leftists
rather than conservatives Roseanne's
characters Pro gay marriage this is
Shapiro talking program marriage
pro-abortion feminist and Pro
transgenderism and the implication is
that she is a good person because of
these views the real difference between
Trump voters and Hillary voters they're
saying are economic in nature not
cultural and now that to me is another
point of view that I'm perfectly happy
to have on television I'm perfectly
happy I have a trump voter who is
culturally liberal my problem is that
there are no cultural conservatives on
on TV because they just imagine us as
hateful that is the problem that is the
problem it made me think this is what it
made me think like how far apart are we
in this country obviously obviously the
far right and the far left hate each
other now the far right I mean I think
we all hate the far right you know for
if we're talking about the alt-right the
guys who think things were racial and
the guys who
and salt other people for their races
and all those people I you know I don't
I don't think there's a room for them in
a an American movement I don't think
there's room for people who hate each
other on the basis of race in an
American movement it doesn't this has
nothing to do with your racial theories
it has nothing to do with what you think
the reality of race I'm talking about
hatred right but the left the left is
wide swaths of the mainstream left is
now so far out there they're so far out
there that they just cannot conceive of
how anybody could disagree with their
stupid opinions without being hateful so
they can't create that character they
cannot create they do not know how to
create a character who's not a feminist
or who thinks being gay is a sin but
isn't hateful they can't they can't
imagine that Mike Pence here's something
I will tell you I could bet every penny
I have that if there was some objective
tolerance meter Mike Pence is a more
tolerant human being than Jimmy Kimmel I
would bet every nickel in my pocket you
know that Mike Pence is a far far more
tolerant person in practice than Jimmy
Kimmel is he is sustained by his faith
he believes his faith put certain limits
on the moral action but I'll bet in
terms of actually dealing with people I
will bet that the Vice President is a
much much more tolerant person but they
can't imagine that the thing is on our
side we can't imagine that there are
plenty of concern I mean ask yourself
this really okay
nobody wants a gay guy running a baker
out of business because the Baker's
religious and won't go to his wedding
and won't caters wedding now I don't
think people want that when they take
polls they always hate these polls
because they skew the questions but it
seems to me about 70% of the people feel
that that is oppressing him oppressing
the Baker religiously on the other hand
about it's now between 65 and 70% of
people who actually are fine with gay
marriage and are it's about 70% of
people who are fine with people being
gay people sometimes I fear I've heard
people blame Obama for this it's all
they all followed Obama I think that's
absolute nonsense it is following the
logic of our Creed our Creed is is that
all men are created equal but equal
god-given rights and ultimately the
internal logic of that leads us to
include women include people of all
colors include people who behave and
differently than us in their private
lives which is none of our business the
problem I think see this is these are
the things I think we agree on I think
we actually agree on this the problem is
the the trying to force these values
down your throat trying to force you to
participate in these values trying to
force you to celebrate these values and
the resultant idea that if you disagree
you are hateful listen to Sandra
Bernhard Sandra Bernhard was a loudmouth
lesbian comedian I never thought she was
very funny she was on the original
Roseanne program I don't know if she's
on this one I think she is on this one
as well and she played the lesbian
friend she came out as gay and she went
on TV promoting the new show and the guy
asked her how could women vote for Trump
listen to the incredible ignorance
what's the word I'm looking insularity
the incredible insularity of this answer
it is what my friend John Nolte calls
bubble dumb she is in a bubble she's
she's not a dumb person she's in a
bubble and it makes her dumb white women
for Trump can't understand it don't know
where it comes from other than you know
being I think it's a couple of issues
it's being either under the thumb of
your husband or it's in it for the
election that was being so offended by
Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton's
legacy that you turned on her or feeling
inadequate feeling like how can somebody
be so educated how could somebody have
brought themselves up from their own
experience and and and you know gone to
the top educated herself fought for you
know for rights civil rights and
equality and I think that's threatening
to a lot of women how do you mean
threatening a lot of women have
compromised given in you know gotten
married raised their kids and not had
the luxury of being able to think for
themselves
that's an amazing I would play that
every day that is an amazing amazing
moment of a woman who cannot understand
I can understand why leftists you know
want to be leftist I can understand
their good motives I really can you know
I
understand that they think the world
should be more fair and they think that
the you know the rich are too rich and
they have all these observations I
understand I don't think they're idiots
I don't think that people are that idea
that she said they gave in they
compromised and got married I mean she
does she not know how far how distant
from most of our lives that comment is
this this is what I'm talking about I
when I hear my friends were on the Left
talk about Donald Trump I always try to
explain to them and he gets so angry at
me they will not listen I was taught you
know the other day I was bumped into
Glenn Beck and I was asking him because
Glenn gone back thinks about these
things a lot and I say how do you get
this message across it's not I'm not
trying to tell them how evil Obama is
I'm trying to tell them what he looked
like to us the radicalism the radicalism
of Barack Obama the radicalism of his
vision the disdain he had for ordinary
people the power he thought he should
have to reach into our neighborhoods to
reach into our schools and tell us who
should use the bathrooms in our
elementary schools he thought he should
have that power that's how brilliant he
was that's how you know when he said I
want there to be a million little
Obama's he wanted them in each each one
of our schools to have a little Obama in
a telling us what to do they did not
understand they can see anybody can see
how obstreperous Trump is how rude Trump
is what a loud guy he is but they can't
see on their side what Sandra Bernhardt
sounds like to us to the rest of us they
can't see it and and Hollywood I know is
like this they cannot understand why
what she just said he's offensive let me
show you something you know maybe you
don't remember when Obama was running
for re-election he put out this video
called the life of Julia about how much
better Julia's life an ordinary woman's
life was going to be under Barack Obama
than under Mitt Romney and it was such a
disaster that you now cannot find it on
the internet they have scrubbed it from
the Internet
they won't even leave it up there
because it is such so revelatory of
their view of life so I found a guy who
had put together kind of slide shots
from the from the original video and we
just have those and I'm just gonna can
we put those up
I will read them in case you can't see
okay oh okay so here's the life of Julia
and we're already she's now around 27
years old we've already gotten through
her her birth in her childhood and says
each one of these things starts under
President Obama for the past four years
Julia gulia has worked full-time as a
web designer thanks to Obamacare her
health insurance is required to cover
birth control and preventive care
letting Julia focus on her work rather
than worry about her health under Mitt
Romney Romney supports the blunt
amendment which would place Julia's
health care decisions in the hands of
her employer right the next slide can we
see the next line under President Obama
Julia decides to have a child well I
told her not to get under President
Obama never uses protection under
President Obama
Julia decides to have a child I mean
think about that for a minute
think about the vision of the world
encapsulated in that sentence right
under President Obama Julia this under
the glowing you know a beneficent rule
of a God like President Obama Julia
decides to have a child and throughout
her pregnancy she benefits from eternal
checkups prenatal care and free
screenings under health care reform see
an Owen under President Obama Julia's
son Zachary starts kindergarten it's
like Thank You President Obama I mean
the public schools in their
neighborhoods have better facilities and
great teachers because our beloved
leader president I mean this does not
sound like the most fascist garbage show
me another under President Obama
Julia starts her own web business no the
thing I want to say about this too and
you know who makes a great point about
this is Jonah Goldberg talks about the
fact that what this is missing is human
relationships churches associations she
has no husband her son gets on that
school bus he never comes back he's gone
once but get anymore she doesn't need a
life because she's under President Obama
why should she need a church why should
she need a school board why should she
need all the association's that make our
lives worthwhile when she's I got me she
is under President Obama and this is the
vision that they have and this is the
thing that is driving the right nuts
it's not that we disagree so much it
really is not it is not that I don't
believe all the people I know and I know
plenty of people who think homosexuality
is a deep and terrible sin most of those
people I would say almost all of those
people do not want gay people persecuted
by law they simply think they should
repent in order to get into the kingdom
of heaven which is really nobody's
business but God's and there's you know
in other words if you don't want to
believe that I do not think they want to
restrict your freedom of action at all
most of these people that I and I talked
to them about this most of these people
feel government should get out of the
marriage business you know churches can
have their marriages people can make
marriage contracts most of us are pretty
libertarian when it comes to the law we
just want to be left alone and we want
if TV if the wise creators in Hollywood
did not spend every moment thinking of
ways to make us feel like they hate us
if the wise news directors at ABC CBS
and NBC did not spend every moment
thinking about how they can make our
president look bad if the people in the
Academy did not spend every moment
teaching our children that boys or girls
and girls or boys and socialism in real
if you if you love the taste of cats
socialism is one of the great you know
ideas that has ever been had if they
would just stop stop trying to force all
of us to live under President Obama or
under some other you know beneficent
leadership I think we agree on so many
things we could just leave each other
alone people want to be in their
communities they want to have their
values they want to have their lives I
think you know that the Roseanne in a
way represents a lot of things that a
lot of us believe in it's not that we
want to attack each other it's just that
we want to be left alone and we want
some respect for the way we live and the
way we think and I think that really
that that would go such a huge huge way
into helping us start to have
conversations that actually makes sense
all right let's talk about the boy crop
crisis with dr. Warren Farrell he is the
co-author of this book the boy crisis
why our boys are struggling and what we
can do about it he wrote it
with John Gray dr. ferral has been named
one of the world's top 100 thought
leaders by the Financial Times and has
appeared in the New York Times The Wall
Street Journal and Forbes as well and he
is you know I saw this on the he's like
a board member for the national
organization of women and I asked him
about this and he is really interesting
response when it comes to talk about
feminism let us listen him dr. ferral
thank you very much for coming on the
book is the boy crisis why our boys are
struggling and what we can do about it
very powerful stuff well why don't you
begin I mean this is something that is
just now kind of bubbling to the surface
people haven't really been talking about
it up till now but what is the boy
crisis basically I started the research
on this about 11 years ago and I began
to sort of notice that in all 63
developed nations boys were falling
significantly behind girls both
academically and every subject but
especially in reading and writing which
are the two biggest predictors of
success and I saw that they were falling
behind socially their emotional
intelligence wasn't as great their
physical health was deteriorating their
IQs were going down their sperm counts
were getting lower their emotional their
social skills were not as good and in
that they were and they were more likely
to be depressed and not have friends I'd
be withdrawing into video game addiction
not just video games which are fine
the addiction is not and then they were
getting more engrossed in video porn
porn in general and so and and from this
and most importantly I so I started
asking what's the causes of this and I
noticed that developed nations have in
common that they have more permission
for divorce and they also give more
permission for for women being able to
have children without being married so
in the United States for example 53
percent of women who are under 30 who
have children have them without being
married and so I started looking at
these two populations of women who have
children without being married and women
and then divorced families and I found
that some of the people who were
divorced in some other one
no children without being married we're
doing fine but that was a relatively
small percentage who were who had a lot
of father involvement and then the a
significant percentage that did not have
a lot of father involvement we're doing
very poorly they were having children
that were having problems on more than
70 different metrics that I was able to
detect and so while I while I was
ultimately able to identify 10 different
causes in the boy crisis the single most
important of those 10 causes was father
a minimal or no father involvement or
what I ended up calling dad deprived
boys and and this is across the
developed world across the developed
world we don't have perfect data beyond
the academic data on all developed
nations but is it is showing up on every
every nation we've been able to study
well the Pisa the the United Nations
studies of academic competence finds it
in all developed nations and then beyond
the academic conference beyond the
academic measures we have just from all
over the world but not every single
country we have different measures of
emotional intelligence depression
suicidal behavior discipline problems
and so on and the patterns are amazingly
similar this huge breakdown between boys
the boys that I would ended up calling
dad enriched boys they're actually doing
probably by most measures better than
our fathers were and better than boys
used to do they're really doing because
in the old days boys had what used to be
called a sense of purpose in being able
to know that if you're a boy and you
live up to everything is supposed to do
as a boy you'll prepare yourself in a
sense to be disposable disposable as a
warrior or disposable by working so hard
at the workplace that you did whatever
you needed to do to support your family
and disposability isn't a great sense of
purpose but what was behind that sense
of purpose is you were applauded and
rewarded for being a hero your parents
looked up to you your father was proud
of you girls were attracted to you
guys respected you and so even though
you might die at the age of eighteen and
the military fighting against the Nazis
occupying the United States you
nevertheless were a hero and heroic
intelligence well it was the opposite of
health intelligence heroic intelligence
and socialization for a short life the
health intelligence of socialization for
a lone life and even though it was
socialization for a short life it ended
up being a sense of purpose for boys and
that problem is today we're taking that
the the toxicity from the things that
boys learn to be heroes and we're
calling it toxic masculinity as opposed
to recognizing that it's it is the
residue of heroic masculinity when a boy
has to disconnect from his feelings in
order to say to himself when the going
gets tough the tough get going if I die
in the process no problem if I save
somebody that's the big issue and so but
not connecting with one's feelings as
part of a series of things that we
learned as my boys and men that really
worked but that was not healthy for us
and therefore is toxic but just calling
it toxic masculinity is pejorative to
understanding the serving that men did
and boys did too to protect their
country and to be willing to die before
women died you know we often say things
like women our civic men are civilized
by women well that's true on one level
but the opposite is also true that the
result of us going to war and working in
the coal mines allowed women to be more
civilized by being able to stay at home
and talk with people and talk with
children and so it took both sexes so
the entire way we framed masculinity has
led to boys going into college in high
school hearing words like male privilege
as opposed to the men our fathers and
grandfathers fulfilling their obligation
and responsibilities and that's made
boys feel like I can't even say anything
as a book as a boy because I will just
be told to shut up you have male
privilege and that's that's increasing
the toxicity toward toward boys today
what what
connection I mean part of this just
sounds like a dad crisis which i think
is really true and it's spreading
throughout certainly throughout the the
lower classes it's really interesting
that the divorce rate among upper-class
people is actually quite low and
marriage is quite high but among the
lower classes where they need it most
the dads are missing what's the
connection between that and the loss of
heroic intelligence which seems more
unless I miss reading this it seems more
of a societal problem that that that
society itself is rejecting the
sacrificial nature of heroism and of
boys yes so you have in the developed
countries there's permission for divorce
and permission for freedom where there's
that permission for freedom among the
good things that happens is that we we
are able to say we are our nation is
relatively safe we don't have to worry
about you know being completely wiped
out in terms of having all these boys go
off to war there are more people who
died in the battle that battle the
summon World War one than have been lost
in all the wars in Afghanistan and so on
and so the there's so that we have fewer
men used that way so we can we can begin
to explore things like not having to be
a hero what's the tension between heroic
intelligence and health intelligent
intelligence we want our voice not to be
so fearful that they just withdraw that
the first at the first sign of a threat
but at the same time we want them to
know the edge the balance between the
the heroic intelligence and being
healthy and taking care of yourself and
not not calling each other chicken when
they're unwilling to do some unsafe
activity in order to prove yourself a
male but the boys who don't have father
so all of those things are things that
are happening in all developed worlds as
a result of Technology as a result of
capitalism usually but then then we then
have a new set of problems that came
from the solution the solution was
development and not having to be
preoccupied with survival but then the
freedoms oftentimes freed the families
not to be United with fathers and then
that
created in the very families that that
didn't have a sense of purpose
automatically built into masculinity
that required more need for guidance
from fathers to get boys to a much more
nuanced state of who are you sweetie
you're a beautiful young boy who has
this type of skills this type of
orientation and I want you to make use
of that orientation in such a way that
maybe you can do something like write a
book but most people who write books
can't make a living doing it here's a
way to to balance the freedom and the
creativity of writing a book or being an
actor with the with the ability to make
money that is a new onset of transitions
that that have to be developed in boys
and they can be developed in boys to
some degree by women but as a rule
mothers only do not allow the boy a role
model to see what he could be like if
there's a divorce and the father is it
doesn't have access to them to the son
the son doesn't have much of an
inspiration to be a father himself and
say do I really want to be a father and
have two or three children then who then
can't see me
and the father's looking at an apartment
and and the mother moves away and I
don't want to be in that situation
myself that doesn't inspire me and then
also my grandfather he sold product xa
he did he didn't believe in so he could
make a living to be able to support me I
really appreciate that from my
grandfather but and my father but I
don't really want to be doing that and
so in Japan and countries like that they
call this type of training to be an
executive which the feminists called
male privilege they call they call
Karoshi which is death at the desk or
death from overwork so what are the most
popular games in Japan is a game called
Karoshi
and so the person who wins this game
with the reward is you offer yourself
you kill yourself because that's the you
know that's male privilege being being
being I said what is this is what I call
on the boy crisis the uncommon wisdom of
our younger generation they see that
there's there aren't many ways of being
a respected
that also allow one to be one's unique
self one's creative self and so that
catches many and so when the where there
isn't a father figure to guide boys from
the old purpose of the old sense of
purpose to a new sense of purpose boy's
experience a purpose boy and that is a
that combined with no fathers and no
male teachers and caregivers and and
then if the boy is non academic if in
the old days our grandfathers if they
weren't academic in their orientation
they went from they may have dropped out
of high school but they could have
become a good mechanic focused on
machinery and then use their their
physical strength but we've we've
morphed in our society from muscle to
microchip or from muscle to mental and
so that morphing to a new type of
society that is more mental and
microchip oriented means boys have to be
educated because even to be a welder you
have to know physics and chemistry if
you want to make more than just as
simple as a simple wage and so all of
these things have not been addressed in
the last 50 years is there is there a
way I noticed that you are one of the
rare men who was on the board of now the
national organization of women it feels
very much to some of us that what used
to be the fight for women's just
ordinary rights human rights for women
has become an anti male movement it
feels like feminism has become a very
aggressive attacking movement telling
boys like you said that they have
privilege telling boys that they're
toxic telling men that they're you know
that they're rapists all men are rapists
that kind of thing
is that a problem - or is that just
something that it gets played up by the
media I'm afraid that is a problem in
part because it gets played up by the
media it is definitely a message that it
that goes out there from the woman's but
we have like me too and so me - is all
the complaints by women about men who
clearly overstepped their what any
mostly intelligent man would do but at
the same time you don't have
you don't have a hashtag my role-model
meaning my role model was a male mentor
who mentored me through the yet to be
the to be the CEO de to be the assistant
CEO we don't have you know women saying
a great man has to had great men who you
know who was a husband or a father who
helped to be supportive and so boys are
seat looking all around them and if they
have a perspective on this when you know
if they're if they were at a frat party
and they met a woman who came to their
frat house knowing that she would be
drinking and the two of them drank and
they made love and the four had sex and
the following morning the woman realized
by God you know the the her boyfriend
from another town was calling couldn't
get through to her and she you know said
well I was I was at a party and I got
drunk and I got raped and then the boy
that goes from it's her - oh my god I'm
so sorry what could we do and the guy
goes wait a minute you know you said
this was perfectly consensual you are
you were high but you know this but he's
not allowed if he's in college he can't
even have he can't even have due process
and so you oh you only because the
college could lose as much as eight
hundred million dollars a year in
federal monies which is what Stanford
University gets from federal monies and
if they start looking like they're a
school that discriminates against women
and is insensitive to a woman's
complaint they are they're in extreme
jeopardy
and so a real problem I'm running out of
time I want it but I do want to ask you
this this last question yeah what what
do you see going forward as some of the
solutions on offer I mean we can't lose
generations of boys they so important it
really I really feel sometimes the way
boys go that there goes the society what
do you think we should be looking at
well first to get father's much more
involved second to make sure we
understand the exactly what fathers
contribute to the parenting checks and
balances they to understand what what
the tendency of fathers to do emphasized
boundary enforcement to to in to help
with postponing gratification the value
of roughhousing and being able to
distinguish between being assertive and
aggressive and so thought that father
involvement and the not just the male
figure but the biological father has a
huge positive impact number two having
boy males go into schools that have made
a male caregivers male teachers male
preschool teachers that's very important
if there's no possibility of getting
males involved or fathers involved
making sure that the Cub Scouts and the
Boy Scouts and other if you're a
faith-based person that you get your
your chili involved in a faith-based
community that has boys and men's young
men's groups with a good responsible
male mentor to facilitate those groups
so that boys can express feelings and
see that that's something that boys can
do to make sure couples communication
that because the ability to communicate
and hear each other begins in first and
second grade so that boys learn that it
is part of what in Denmark all classes
don't get together and they learn how to
hear each other and listen to each other
and and so that helps boys not have to
withdraw into depression and feeling
rejected and then that's everything I'm
gonna have to stop you there very very
interesting the boy crisis why our boys
are struggling and what we can do about
it thank you very much dr. Farrell
really interesting this thing with
fathers is huge and missing fathers it
is just huge and shattering for boys and
I wish people would talk about it a lot
more than they do speaking of fathers it
is a Holy Week and I've been talking
about this all week and today is Maundy
Thursday and people fit Monda you Monty
is Monty means is from a Latin word
meaning commandant this is the day we
celebrate the the Last Supper remember
the Last Supper when Jesus gave the
commandment this new commandment which
is that we love one another as he had
loved us my father died on Maundy
Thursday about fourteen years ago I
think it is which was just like
now it came together with Passover so it
was kind of a meaningful thing for me
when I realized that I was going to
become a Christian I thought the one
problem this is going to create the
worst problem is going to create is
going to bring my father and I to
absolute blows I mean my father and I
never really got along but we had made a
separate peace he loved the grandkids he
was a great granddad he's a good person
you know he just wasn't a good father
for me I shouldn't you know I don't
think he I'm not sure whether he was a
good father for my brothers they would
have to say that but for me we didn't
get along and we'd always had a really
hard time and but we made a separate
piece but this I knew was going to end
that piece because when I was a kid I've
told the story many times but he walked
in on me reading the Bible and he got so
upset I was reading the Gospels and he
got so upset I was reading them for
literary purposes I had absolutely no
faith whatsoever I didn't think it was a
true story I was just going through it
because I realized how important it was
to Western literature and I wanted to be
a writer I was about 15 I guess 14 15
and he walked in on me and which always
cracked me up because he could have
walked in on me
not just reading porn he could have
walked in on me living porn at that
point and he was furious and he said to
me if you ever convert I will disown you
and I was obviously at that age I was
making a living I wasn't worried he was
gonna disown me but I did realize it was
going to just bring us to AP's
any end to any separate peace we had but
I realized I had to tell him because I
knew that a public person I knew I would
give an interview at some point or write
an article about it and he'd read it in
the paper and I couldn't have that
happen even though we didn't talk much
about personal things I still didn't
want him finding out about it in the
paper so I thought well he's gonna come
out and visit and maybe I'll tell him
then I was juggling with it I hadn't
been baptized yet and he came out that
at Christmastime with my mother to visit
came out from New York and he came over
and he was having a problem seeing
double and he went back home they went
home back to New York and I kind of
laughed about it cuz my father was
always cutting trips short either for
health reasons or for some made up
emergency it was just a neurotic habit
he had so I just figured it was a
neurotic habit it wasn't he had a brain
tumor and he was going to die and so I
realized
that I couldn't tell him I couldn't tell
him but this major revolution in my life
because it just would have broken his
heart and done nothing for him as in the
last six months of his life so I ended
up going back this kind of split-screen
life the priest who was going to prepare
me the Episcopal priest was going to
prepare me for baptism also lived in New
York and I would fly back to see my
father who was slowly failing and then I
would go from his apartment downtown to
see the priest and talk about preparing
for baptism and finally and I if you
want to read more about this it's in my
book the great good thing which is my
memoir about my conversion but finally I
was went back and I was actually
literally sitting down I was lowering my
backside into the chair to have a drink
of wine with the priest we were in a
restaurant right outside Bryant Park
which is the parking of the library in
midtown Manhattan and my brother called
me and told me my father had gone into
the hospital and I knew at that point
that it was the end and I went to the
hospital many times I was supposed to
leave the next day but of course I
delayed my flight and delayed my flight
and it was Holy Week and I I remember
once running through the rain because I
got a call this was the end and I better
get there and I ran through the rain and
I got up to Grand Central Station and it
was 6 o'clock so it was rush hour and
there was a line for cabs stretching all
the way down 42nd Street and I went up
to the front guy in the line and I said
I want to take your cab my father's
dying and the guy looked at me with this
look that summed up New York like yeah
oh yeah oh yeah oh right oh right and
then he gave me the cab and let me go
those are classic New York he didn't
trust me but he decided the better part
of valor rooms let me go and so his
family was gathered around him my
father's family was gathered around him
and he died on Monday Thursday and I
waited around a while help my brother's
deal with the aftermath and then I flew
back just for Easter a tie and just in
time for Easter and I remember I have
this vivid vivid memory of city in this
church that I had been attending in
preparation for the baptism and I was
sitting there and everything seemed to
be bathed in golden light and part of
that was the
Sun coming in through the fantastic
stained-glass windows that they had and
part of it was just this kind of aura of
grief and exhaustion that was
surrounding me and of course realizing
that an amazing transition had was
taking place in my life I had lost a
father who I had never gotten along with
and found the father who was giving me
so much joy and so much insight into the
world and so I am I have to tell you I
can testify so it's very it was a sad
story but at the same time it was a very
joyous transition for me not my father's
death but my conversion and I can
testify that that this idea that we
can't be bound together by ideals and
ideas and stories is a false idea this
idea that we have to be at daggers drawn
with one another we are bound together
by the stories that we believe in and
what really really matters is whether or
not those stories are true you can bind
a country together in their hatred of
the Jews the way Hitler bound Germany
together but the Jews don't deserve your
hatred and hatred of course is a poison
that ultimately poisons the person who
is said who is feeling it himself but if
you bind two people together on the idea
that they have rights and that they're
free that story happens to be the true
story you do have rights you are those
rights are given to you by God and you
are made to be free and if you bind
people together on the idea of a God who
loves them who died for them who
forgives them that too is free and when
you have that story when you know a
story the way you know his story is true
then the way you know that the story
that you're living the narrative of your
living is true is over time your joy
increases and it only increases the more
you understand the story the more your
joy increases that is not true when your
story is false because when your story
is false what you have to do is keep
finding more and more victims to blame
for the fact that your story is false
that is how you tell that is the proof
test of the truth of a story if you have
to keep finding other people to blame
for your misery you know that story is
false because we'll never run out of
people to blame and that is why our old
friend uncle jesus said said judge not
lest he be judged right because if you
are looking at the other guy that means
you are not you don't have the joy from
the story the stories
filling you up with the truth and with
joy I am evidence I am living evidence
living proof that these are the things
that bind us together not blood not
anything else not history nothing else
it is these things that bind us most
together I got to say goodbye we have a
show tomorrow so the Cleveland last
weekend is not here yet you are saved
curfew shall not ring tonight I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show we
will see you tomorrow the Andrew Clavin
show is produced by Robert Sterling
executive producer Jeremy boring senior
producer Jonathan hey our supervising
producer is Mathis Glover technical
producer Austin Stephens edited by Alex
zingaro audio is mixed by Mike Carmina
hair and makeup is by Jesuit Vera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Clavin show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
