a note of caution it Roseanne is not a
conservative show it's not even close to
a conservative show in fact I think it's
pretty clever and nefarious in how non
conservative it is and it's worth going
back to the history of Roseanne and
talking a little bit about this I happen
to be an expert on this because I wrote
an entire 400 page book about television
called primetime propaganda in which I
talked with the producers of the
original Roseanne including Marcy Carsey
who is the woman behind it originally
and the way you can tell that this this
show has some pretty skewed politics
even though it has a trump supporter
who's not being portrayed as a complete
and in compute the reason you can tell
that the politics of the show are skewed
is because the New York Times are
treating it well voxcom treating it well
right all of the leftist publications
are saying Roseanne is great why because
the actual theme of the show is that the
only reason you would vote for Trump is
for non cultural reasons right the show
is one big lie about Trump this show is
one big lie about conservatives they lie
that the show tells is that the reason
people voted for Trump is because they
were dissatisfied with the economy and
because they were looking to give Donald
Trump a chance to fix it and it wasn't
about cultural issues that's not true
okay in 2016 Donald Trump did not win
because there is a bunch of dispossessed
white people who decided they need a
better way of doing economics and so
they turn to Trump that's not what
happened what happened is that culture
war was at the front of everyone's mind
2016 was a cultural war everyone knew it
there is a culture war over race and
over feminism and the left knows this
too and what they're trying to suggest
is that the only conciliation that can
take place in the country can take place
on economic issues now this is how
Hollywood views politics it's very
important to know this show is produced
in Hollywood right okay this is supposed
to be a show about the Midwest and a
downtrodden family in Ohio or somesuch
but the reality is that the politics of
this are pure Hollywood in Hollywood you
are allowed to be libertarian you're not
allowed to be socially conservative in
Hollywood if you say listen I vote
Republican because I want lower taxes
people sort of nod they go okay fair
enough or if you say listen Hillary was
a bad candidate I just wanted to get
Trump a shot because I thought maybe he
could do something on the economy
everybody says all right kind of get it
that's okay I can handle it there are a
couple things you are not allowed to say
in Hollywood those things that you are
not allowed to say our boy is a boy and
a girl is a girl and you're not allowed
to say this in Hollywood you will lose
your job if you say that transgenderism
is mental disorder you will lose your
job in Hollywood you're not allowed to
say that for example same-sex marriage
is not traditional marriage and they're
not the same thing and they're not of
equal moral value if you say that in
Hollywood you will absolutely lose your
job you will never work again in in
Hollywood in this industry if you say
things like abortion is wrong and
abortion is a sin and abortion is murder
if you say that sort of stuff in
Hollywood you will not work again I
remember our interview Patti Heaton
who's very pro-life and I asked her
Patti do you think that you've lost jobs
because of your conservatism and I
remember she first said to me no I don't
think so and then she called me back 24
hours later said I called around I found
out I lost six specific jobs because of
my pro-life positions so the way
Hollywood works this is sure we can be
conciliatory sure we can reach across
the aisle sure we can have American
unity again but only if you accept our
social agenda
