here is President Trump in a very
unconventional and extraordinary press
conference on the confirmation of red
Cavanaugh I would like to begin
tonight's proceeding differently than
perhaps any other event of such
magnitude on behalf of our nation I want
to apologize to Brett and the entire
Cavanaugh family for the terrible pain
and suffering you have been forced to
endure those who step forward to serve
our country deserve a fair and dignified
evaluation not a campaign of political
and personal destruction based on lies
and deception what happened to the
Cavanaugh family violates every notion
of fairness decency and due process our
country a man or a woman must always be
presumed innocent unless and until
proven guilty bingo
absolutely right you know a lesser man a
weaker president would go out there and
say I feel really bad for the accusers
and well we'll just see Prachi well I
think what a lot of presidents would
have done is withdrawing the nomination
probably and oh well I don't know but
this guy has a moral clarity he really
does I know how insane that sounds I
know how unexpected that sounds he has a
moral clarity a gut-level moral clarity
the he look look at the Columbus Day
thing yesterday what does what does
Donald Trump know about Christopher
Columbus probably not very much but he
knows what counts he knows what matters
he was a great man who discovered
America and he was a good guy and he's
been unfairly maligned by leftist
revisionist activists historians and we
should celebrate him and to oppose
Christopher Columbus's to oppose our own
civilization and it's anti-american and
that's what all of that stuff is about
he knows that and he knows that he
should support Columbus on this what
does he know about half what happened 36
years ago not very much but what does
Donald Trump know about BS everything he
knows a lot about it what do you know
you don't you don't BS a BS sir I think
that's the line
Donald Trump knows that he can smell it
when when Christine Ford's storyline was
changing
she was contradicting herself she was
exposed for lies that she had said key
details that have not only been changed
but changed in such a way that they were
unfalsifiable President Trump a lot of
Republicans and conservative said oh
well I don't know and I know I believe
and I'm pleased I don't know don't make
me answer and what did President Trump -
he said yeah that story keeps changing
no but we're sticking by Brett and you
should all apologize to Brett absolutely
right that is a moral clarity and he he
should have done exactly what he did at
that press conference and say I would
like to apologize on behalf of the
country for what happened to you Brett
and what happened to your family
totally right
