our race relations getting better or
worse under Donald Trump the inimitable
Reverend Jesse Lee Peterson will join to
discuss race and sex in the Trump era
all 56 genders and every single race
from white to black to orange then a
word on Cambridge analytic and the media
blackout of trumps possibly
denuclearizing North Korea
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Nolt show that's a lot to talk
about today race sex ending the Korean
conflict after 70 years the media
blackout this Cambridge analytic and
nonsense that is a lot to get to we're
gonna get to Jessie first if you don't
know Jesse Lee Peterson who is the
author of the antidote healing America
from the poison of hate blame and
victimhood
this man has cojones of steel this man
has a phone ace of absolute steal he is
totally courageous he just speaks the
truth as he sees it here is just a taste
from a recent video that Jesse made
walking around bad neighborhoods in LA
asking black people if they love white
people and specifically Donald Trump who
I suppose as an orange person here it is
how old are you I'm 20 how about you 20
would how about you I'm 15 15 did you
vote for president I do how because how
he taking all the free money and stuff
man are you taking the free money what
free money is he taking but if you
believe that President Trump hate black
people I believe you do and only because
I was standing or what did he do to make
you think that besides not agreeing with
Barack Obama that's it that's all yeah
because he didn't agree with Barack
Obama you think that he's a racist yeah
but Barack is a Democrat and the
president is a Republican and
Republicans and Democrats don't agree so
does that make them racist yeah
like the simplicity of it so you know
they're just being a Republican does
that make you racist yeah yeah that's
bad about it so I talked to that vicious
racist Jesse Lee Peterson we sat down to
discuss our race relations getting
better or worse under Donald Trump we
talked last week here's what we talked
about we're joined now by the Reverend
Jesse Lee Peterson Jesse thank you for
being here
thanks for having me Michael I
appreciate it so you write frequently
about race relations in America from the
30,000 foot view or race relations today
better or worse in the presidency of
Donald Trump in one sense they're better
because a lot of black Americans they
were familiar with President Trump
before he became president and they
liked him they liked the fact that he
speak up he has courage you know he's
done very well in life and then on the
other hand because the children of the
lie are pushing this idea that the
president is a racist you have the and
when I say children of the lie I'm
referring to liberals the liberal media
the Democratic Party they're never
trappers and the Rhino Republicans and
they are pushing this lie because they
hate the president and they know that if
they say racism most blacks not all not
all and at all we go into a trance and
whatever they say about racism and his
president they're going to believe it
but I believe that before the president
leave the White House that the race
relations in this country would have
gotten better well that you bring up the
the lie here because there there have
been I think you're referring to the the
father of life this right you're talking
about this these people are pushing this
lie that Donald Trump is a racist but we
never heard this until he ran for office
he was in the pop culture for 40 years
we never heard accusations that he was a
racist how did this develop how did he
suddenly become a racist 40 years after
we first met him in the tabloids of New
York well the reason that he came about
is that President Trump is a straight
white male
Christian conservative of power and he
is a Republican and because of that the
Democrats the children are a lie or
desperate the president has put the
country first and the last thing that
they want is for anyone to put the
country first and they hate this man for
that reason that was a time when Jesse
Jackson and Lewis I mean out shopping
and others they aren't the president
because he cared about the black
community he helped them in several ways
but because he's in control now he is a
white straight male conservative of
power they don't like that as only using
that word in order to try and destroy
him and to turn black votes away from
him so you think the word has basically
been robbed of meeting because it's been
bandied about so much well it's a
made-up word anyway there is no such
thing as racism and I proved it in my
book the antidote heal an America from
the poison of hate blame and victimhood
that were came about in the 40s I
believe and it came about because the
race hustlers the so-called civil rights
leaders and the liberal White's they
needed to control black people and so
they made up this word that why saw I
guess you because of your color there's
racism out there and because most blacks
are angry and they believed it too that
lie and they went into a trance and so
whenever they these hustlers want to get
power and wealth they bring up that word
because they need blacks to support them
I grew up in Alabama I grew up under the
Jim Crow laws I grew up on a plantation
and not one time did I hear the word
racism they in those day if they knew
that that was good and evil right versus
wrong and they are good folks in all
cultures and they're bad folks in all
cultures and it has nothing to do with
being a male or a female
you're either right or you're wrong and
that's how we grew up but that word came
about once the civil rights movement
started because they needed to control
black people do you find because I
always find it so funny you grow up
fatherless on a plantation
in Jim Crow Alabama and then white
liberals scold you for your views on
politics and race nests oh no Jesse it's
how racist of you or something or I
don't even know the terms they use do
you see though we were told throughout
all of 2016 that there is a major
movement called the alternative right
and half of the country is deplorable
do you see an upsurge in anti-black
sentiment in the u.s. around this time
is it is there anything to those claims
or have they is there something to them
but they've been totally abused what is
it you know for the last 50 to 60 years
most white people have been afraid to
speak up they are afraid of the word
racism they are afraid of losing their
livelihood their jobs and and businesses
and so they have not spoken up and they
have seen examples of other white men
and women who have spoken up and they
end up losing their careers and so white
people have fear and then the white man
he's been blamed for everything they
accused him for everything that is
happening with black folks and most
white men have not spoken up now we
finally have a man in the White House
who is not afraid to speak up if you
attack him he will attack back he will
expose you he will deal with you and I
believe that he's given or encouraging
other white men and women who are on the
side of good to speak up and not
tolerate the lie don't be afraid don't
be intimidating and that's what you see
happening and an in children of the lot
don't like that because if white
Americans wake up and take back control
of their lives and their country it will
be over for the Liberals and that's why
they accused of white people being races
and all of it all the white supremacist
it's a once again they were using these
words to try to intimidate I'm very
happy to see white Americans speaking up
because if we lose white Americans it's
over for this country we could say
goodbye to America do you think because
I do think that it's been used
cudgel words like racist or white
supremacists reside think they're
they're used as a cudgel to intimidate
regular old people run-of-the-mill
Republicans want lower taxes or
something it's clearly a bullying tactic
it's interesting to compare especially
to like the 1970s 1960s and 70s louis
farrakhan the leader of the Nation of
Islam he gets a total pass from the
mainstream media a racist if ever there
was one if the word does have meaning it
certainly refers to him he he talks
about the Satanic Jews he blamed the
Jews for 9/11 he called Hitler a very
great man and he calls white people
Devils yes the Congressional Black
Caucus plays nice with him there's even
a photo of Barack Obama meeting with him
all smiles in 2005 and yet the
mainstream media totally covered that up
if racism is the issue if if we want to
reduce racial bigotry which all people
do all people of goodwill do I suppose
why does Louis Farrakhan get a pass when
I first moved to LA back in 1968 I
started to listen to Louis Farrakhan
because I had this anger and at the time
I had not overcome I have not I had not
forgiven my parents I'm not overcoming
anger and so I listened to Jesse Jackson
and Louis Farrakhan and others and in
that state of anger I thought that he
was telling the truth and I thought that
the battle between blacks and whites
because I believed it too that lie and
at the time Louis Farrakhan would come
to LA and he would speak at the forum in
Inglewood California and he would say
that black people were the first people
on earth they were very smart and then
there were some black people turned evil
and went into a laboratory and created a
white man and as a result we have the
blue-eyed devil and that's how white
people came about and he blamed the Jews
for all the problems of life America
calling them blessed second Jews and how
they controlled everything and all that
and we believed internet live it's hard
because there were no one saying that it
wasn't true the black cock is the black
represent
were gone along with that and what they
would teach it black people and that we
all have to stick together because we
are black and fight against the racist
white people and the blood-suckin Jews
and that's what you see happening now in
all honesty the members of the Black
Caucus who are supported Louis Farrakhan
they believe in what he says they teach
that themselves and so that that's why
you still see them supporting him
because they agree with it and because
of the double standard in America today
these blacks can get along with get away
with doing and saying whatever they want
because they know white people not
understand against them it has just gone
out of control and it's not gonna change
until black people who on the side of
good and weiss and use a light stand
together and fight against these people
otherwise it's only gonna get worse
because they are encouraging other young
black people to do the same thing and
believe into the same thing the only
thing I'll say in defense of Louis
Farrakhan is we did create ben shapiro
in a laboratory that is true we did we
did we try to us and the feelings a
little down yeah that's unfair Louis
Farrakhan is an evil evil man he's evil
to the core yeah there was one time
where he would call it for all black
state within the United States
he is so evil but he because he's black
he's able to get away with it it seemed
as though has changed it a little bit
now I hope so but unless people speak up
it's not gonna get better why is it do
you think that Louis Farrakhan's group
the Nation of Islam was able to take
hold so significantly during movements
like the Black Power movement in the 60s
and 70s why was it the Nation of Islam
instead of out of the nation of
unitarianism or something or the nation
of Christianity why was that ideology
able to take hold because in the public
school system into prisons and jails and
the juvenile detention centers and some
of the so-called crystal black churches
they were teaching that
Christianity is the white man's religion
and that in Africa blacks were Muslims
and not Christians and that bless I've
been brain wife with Christianity that
white people went around the world and
brainwashing blacks and others with
Christianity and that is not the black
man's religion and that's why fair care
was able to seduce them and in the
prisons in jail you have a lot of men
black men and women who are angry they
are angry but the anger starts in their
homes because most black men and women
they hate their mothers and they your
for their fathers their mothers have
turned them away from their fathers and
the worst thing that can happen to
children is to turn them away from their
earthly father's because when you turn
them away from their fathers you turn
them away from God and it leaves the
emptiness aboard in your life and you
find yourself looking for love in all
the wrong places
and so it's instead of telling black
people to forgive their mothers for what
they've done they tell them that it is
white man their Christianity is the
white man's religion and in these
prisons he has a judgment for a father
and Louis Farrakhan represent that in a
bad way but you see a representative and
that's why they believe him and that's
why his religion is not a religion but
his so-called religion has grown in
numbers because he has seduced blacks
and therefore the state of anger why
I'll take this as an opportunity to turn
from race to sex for a second to talk
about this this crisis of masculinity
which you you write about and speak
about eloquently you have an
organization called bond you say that
our culture has a shortage of good men
and you want to rebuild the family by
rebuilding the man what is wrong with
men in our culture what how did that
crisis of good men's start well today
men are the most hated species of this
out of heaven and the reason that they
hate it is because they represent
strength they represent love they
represent Authority they represent good
and
the children who the folks who hate God
they hate men for that reason because in
in the in the Christian world there's an
order of life and that order is God in
Christ Christ and man manual woman and
woman / children and when you have that
order life works better for you but when
you remove that man from the farmers
family by degrading him or attacking him
or falsely accusing him of being a child
molester or abuser then you turn the
wife and children away and then Eva can
take over the minds of the of the women
the wife and the children and destroy
but as long as you have that man over
the woman you know with with God's love
operating through him that cannot happen
and I saw that happen with black men
first
we're under lyndon b johnson he came in
with the democrats approver and they
said to black people we are going to
help you you can't make it in life
because of racism and and so but but you
can't have a father in the home you
we're gonna give you government programs
and all this stuff but you can't have a
man and the man left his home the
government took over along with the race
hustling so-called civil rights leaders
and it just been downhill
today most black women hate black men
and most black men hate black women
because it's not in the nature of a
woman to raise children it's in the
nature of the father that's why i got
married man and woman so that they can
beat her and to help each other raise
children and when you leave when the
father leave the home the mother has to
impose her will on them she she has to
operate with anger and a lack of patient
and they end up destroying the innocence
of the children because they become
angry at the mother and as you know
whomever you become angry at you become
like them you take on their identity and
if you notice most black men even the
so-called straight one they act like
women they're easy to anger they are
impatient they don't want to work
anymore they'll blame you
white man for their problems because
they have the nature of their mothers
instead of in nature of the father and
that can only change when they forgive
their mothers for what they have done
and they return to the Father it is one
of the central predictors of future
success whether you were raised in a
two-parent home or in or if the father
ran out that is a predictor that you'll
have you're gonna have a harder time in
life you have made it very far in life
and you've you grew up without a father
in Alabama you got over your anger you
talk about this and you write about this
how did you do it
you know I when I moved to LA in at 18 I
was on my own and I had a lot of fear in
doubt insecurity I didn't really know
what I wanted to do in life I had this
emptiness inside of me deep down in my
soul and it didn't matter how much money
I had where I lived anything I still had
the void and so I wish to some of the
black churches that I would tell the
preachers that I felt this way and they
would say where's not you it is racism
it's the white man keep you down and for
the first time in my life I started to
resent white people and as you know when
you hate what you put out come back on
you my life went to hell in a handbasket
and so love story short I started to
think about this and I'm thinking in
white man and the white man is holding
me back because of my color why is it
that he's not holding Jesse Jackson back
and Al Sharpton all those people you're
doing there were three nice suits and
doing just well and then so I asked God
to let me see what was wrong right and
he allowed me to see that I resented my
parents my father for not being there
and my mother who tried to turn me away
from him and I had become like my mother
and so as a result I understood that I
needed to forgive them and what I
forgave them God forgave me and he gave
me perfect peace he took the anger way I
have no anger and this has been 29 years
ago I have no anger and I only have love
but not emotional love a love that
allows me to speak up and deal with evil
but don't resent and then when I was
growing up we was always taught to work
be independent so already had that going
on for me but I didn't have the inner
self control and security that a man
should have I now have that and I have
the best life on this side of heaven
because I hate no one I just agree with
what people some people about but I
don't have anger to war them about it is
that the essence if we're talking about
forgiveness
that's a an important lesson for all
cultures at all times to keep in mind
because if you carry things around with
you it is really going to deform you
it's really gonna wreck your life is is
the message here basically just
Christianity just repent and believe in
the Bible is that is that the message
for the culture Michael I can promise
you it is the message once you forgive
but forgive your parents first because a
lot of people especially with the
mothers they always blame the father so
they deal with the father's right but a
lot of adults young a toe are afraid to
deal with their mothers because they
feel guilty the mothers make them feel
guilty the mother made them feel that
it's the father but what you forgive
your parents then God will forgive you
and he would take that identity away
from you and give you back your identity
so that you could be you and there's
nothing on earth by being you you know
you're supposed to have the good values
of our parents but we are not supposed
to lose our identity and become like our
parents and so what you forgive you will
be forgiven you will have perfect peace
you will wake up and there you can live
your life and until that happen you're
never gonna find peace within I notice
the Democrat Party seems to have doubled
down on their strategy of the past
several decades they've elevated Keith
Ellison a former member of the Nation of
Islam to become vice chairman of the
party is there any hope that Democrats
will listen to one of your programs at
some point and get the message and
moderate a little bit I doubt that the
politician aspects a political aspect of
the Democratic Party will but I have to
honestly tell you there are Democrats
who there are blacks and others who have
been voting for
Democrats were high over law they are
here this message and me and they are
forgiving they're starting to deal with
their own lives and they are waking up
they're overcoming anger and they are
turning away from your Democratic Party
I think that the Democratic Party is so
far left now it's gonna take another
hundred years before they turn around
these people love power they love wealth
and they love to control the people and
I don't see them giving that up anytime
soon but I'm happy about that because
now that we have the great white hope in
the White House he's putting the country
first people going back to work you know
they're they're seeing more money on
their paychecks
I know people personally who are
starting businesses as a result of the
president and I think that that's gonna
impact people more so let the Democrats
go for love let them serve their father
too devil I'm quite happy with that
because America is waking up on the
topic of the great white hope and
specifically on Donald Trump and in race
relations there is this incredible video
you put up in February where you went
into these terrible neighborhoods and
you asked people to questions do you
love Donald Trump and do you love white
people and the answers you got were
incredible what did you find
I found that most of them hate white
people they're angry at white people and
then some of them a lot of them were
angry at President Trump to separately
because he's white
and I've been sad for years he's orange
a no I'm kidding I'm sorry going I've
been saying for years that most black
people hate white people and it's not
white hating black is black hated white
and it's because they're coming from
destructive homes
they'll be born out-of-wedlock they've
been told that it's a white man and so I
did the man on the street to prove that
point even more so that it's the lack of
more character and the destruction of
the family it's just anger that black
people have that's holding them back
instead of the white man is they're
holding themselves back by not dropping
that anger it was an amazing video
it was amazing to get that on camera so
the world
see that black people hate white folks
manat you know until they drop that
anger you can give them affirmative
action you could allow them to move into
your neighborhood you can allow them to
go to whatever school they want to until
they drop their anger they will always
be complaining and blaming white folks
well their lack of and so I proved that
on the video I hope everybody check it
out I everybody has to go see it because
Jessie one thing about you that I've
always loved is that you you exist on
like another plane of existence so you
you have no fear you have no fear
whatsoever you will go into any
neighborhood and with a microphone and
say so do you love Donald Trump what do
you love him do there is no guile
there's nothing being held back at what
you see is really what you get you're
having is very honest conversations I
wonder because obviously the left and
the media want to use terms like racist
or bigoted or this or that and bring it
around our necks but I wonder about the
difference between culture and race it
seems to me that race doesn't really
matter much at all a bit doesn't and it
doesn't really affect anything who from
from what I can tell but culture matters
tremendously and culture matters a lot
the word culture derives from the same
word as the word cult it kids comes from
what you worship if you were if you
worship and money you're gonna have a
more materialistic culture how do we
turn the culture around in America what
you you've written about the antidote
what is the hope how does the culture
have to change so that the country can
become more unified more productive
together that's a really good question
first of all we got to tell the truth
and the reason I don't have fear Michael
is because we God took my anger away he
took away fear anyone who has anger has
fear anyone who doesn't have anger will
not have fear I have fear before but
what we got to do is we got to start
telling the truth
for too long we have allowed the lie to
persist to go on and on generation after
generation and
have not told the truth and so all
people who love what's right must tell
the truth and once you start telling the
two there are people who are going to
wake up to that roof and overcome we
have to overcome culture we should only
love God with all our heart soul and
might and then love our neighbors as
ourselves and if you love anything else
along with that then you're not gonna
love your fellow man
well I can enjoy cultural you know I can
take it I can go to the hood and eat
some collard greens and fried chicken or
whatever they eat but I'm not into the
culture thing I'm into loving all people
and again I want to make sure I'm not
talking about that emotional love I'm
not talking about that love that you
know only love you when someone love you
I just love is simply not hating if you
don't have an anger then you have love
and so until we start telling it true
it's just gonna get cultural thing would
get worse that people would be more
divine it we can no longer be afraid to
stand up and tell the truth that's the
only thing that's gonna defeat the lie
the truth that is absolutely true the
it's it's very easy to say you know
there there are troubles in this world
another great Peter Senate that I talked
to Jordan Peterson whom I spoke to a
little while ago he pointed out that
people now want to pretend that there
isn't suffering in this world that we
aren't naturally going to suffer but
there there is an important verse which
says you'll suffer in this world but
take heart for I have overcome the world
at what's on the horizon for you what
projects are you working on and how can
we get you to run for office or
something
well hey herb is maybe the t-shirt I
have a great t-shirt imma show you here
in a minute
but uh we're having a town hall meeting
a barn my headquarters in Los Angeles on
April I believe it's 21st I get to date
for you and we're going to be talking
about this
Elita alien situation in our country I
am 100% for the wall and I want to
deploy all illegals I want them gone I
want my country back
and so witnesses how huh
oh we have an ATAR on April 12 at the
headquarters a barn and we've got to be
dealing with the illegal alien situation
in the country we also you know I have a
radio show I'm on Newsmax TV now in over
50 million homes around the country and
just telling the truth and waking people
up we're doing speaking tools dealing
with this trying to unite the races with
the truth rather than divide in there
with lies and this is a perfect time to
do it I want to show you a great t-shirt
that we made are you able to see that
for people who are only listening it's
the mug of Donald Trump and it just says
the great white oh so we have that going
I'm taking the opposite this is the best
time of our life Michael
we finally have a chance to take back
America and I'm now seeing all races of
people who are on the side of good and
love the country unite together and
fight against those who hate the country
and trying to destroy and so we need to
take advantage of this opportunity for
the first time in my lifetime we have a
president who was put in this country
first he's driving the children of the
lie insane and it's a joy to see that
but I want to unite the country while we
have him in the White House and what
we're United it would be harder to tear
us apart again love is the key if you
walk around with a chip on your shoulder
if you walk around hating everybody
you're not going to have a good life
you're doing it wrong it there are even
schools of this in the Academy the
Harold Bloom calls it the school of
resentment when you approach literature
or history or whatever and you just hate
the guys and you say oh he was bet he
was a racist I bet he was a sexist guy
but I don't really like him if you if
you go around life like that you're not
gonna have a good time if you have
you'll walk lighter if you if you get
rid of hate and start loving people and
that is the antidote I'm sorry I want
that what sorry for interrupting mine I
want to encourage people to go and
forgive start with their parents first
and don't ask them
to forgive you you forgive them you know
in the Lord's Prayer it says forgive me
forgive me as I forgive right so you go
and forgive them because the problem is
your hatred or your anger toward them
but once you go and apologize for what
they've done to you it doesn't make it
right but apology is for hating them is
forgiveness God will forgive you and he
will give you perfect peace then you can
finally have the life that we are all
meant to have we were meant to have a
good life we could have challenges but
when you don't have anger you can
overcome those challenges that's it the
Reverend Jesse Lee Peter sent the
antidote healing America from the poison
of hate blame and victimhood also check
them out on news max check out his check
them out all over the Internet and these
town halls Jesse it is always so good to
see you and I look forward to seeing you
again
thank you Michael I joy talking to you I
really appreciate you having me on
do you love Jesse Lee Peterson do you LA
I love Jesse Lee Peterson what a guy he
is great we have to talk about the news
we have to talk about how Donald Trump
may be denuclearizing North Korea
let me tell you if someone were taking
bets on that I probably wouldn't have
won money but hey in the age of Trump
you can't predict anything never say
never when it comes to Donald Trump
we'll also talk about this Cambridge
analytic and non traversée the most
absurd non traversée that the Democrats
have come up with in decades and really
what it's all about how everything in
the news is designed to attack Donald
Trump but I can't do that
yet because I have to say goodbye to
Facebook in YouTube I said goodbye to
YouTube a long time ago but I've got to
say goodbye to Facebook if you are on
The Daily wire calm thank you very much
because you helped keep the lights on
even the lights here at National Review
there we're not we're not paying them
anything for this so thank you to our
friends and National Review for having
me if you're not a subscriber go there
you get me you get the intro Clavin sure
you get the Ben Shapiro show it's $10 a
month or $100 for an annual membership
what you really get what is so important
is the leftist here's tumblr I feel
incomplete this week you know I'm in New
York I'm right after this show today I'm
going to go right up to Ithaca I've got
a speech at Ithaca College tomorrow
we're gonna be talking about that
old-time religion I'm
going to be talking about the crisis
that the search for meaning among
Millennials have there is objective
truth I'm going to be talking about the
Battle of Lepanto the difference between
different religions and various
Christian heresies
maybe a little Islam sprinkled in there
I'm just telling you the tears are gonna
flow
the leftist tears are gonna flow I've
already heard they're tearing down
posters at Ithaca College one student
apparently said that my face is like a
middle finger to the campus and I bet is
a sweet little Elise's pet name for me
but she did point out my face looks more
like a thumb it's not it's not like that
totally narrow it's a little more like a
thumb it's opposable it's easily opposed
on that campus so make sure you need
that leftist ears Tumblr go to daily
wire.com we'll be right back
my very opposable head that wonder if an
teef was gonna throw any tomatoes or
Molotov cocktails at it tomorrow we
shall see shouldn't we
okay let's very quickly before we have
to go here and I need to go sit in five
hours of traffic we have to talk about
what's in the news because it is clearer
now than ever that everything that is in
the news is designed to attack Donald
Trump that's it that's the only common
thread between all of it there are
women's marches that don't invite women
there are the March for our lives that
have Planned Parenthood's supporting
them they it's all it seems like they
want certain gun control but they don't
want any effective gun control and
really they just want to take away all
of your guns it's all of this weird a
moment they're attacking John bolt and
they're attacking Facebook they're
attacking Russia they want spaghetti at
the wall they want anything to hit it's
so pathetic because I'm in New York
I've been going into different places
restaurants offices that and they have
CNN and MSNBC on which I rarely am
subjected to but it just drives this
point home especially CNN it just exists
to attack Donald Trump let's look at
just Cambridge analytical for a second
this is the most absurd innocuous and
non traversée that Democrats have come
up with in a very long time it's a
Nothing story here's what happened users
gave their data to Facebook and then
certain companies through Cambridge
analytic a created certain apps and
tools to have users give them their data
and they did that's what happened they
you know there's like a little quiz and
it says are you really smart and do you
want to give us all your data and you
say yeah I really want to give you all
of my dad oh and then they have it a
marketing company used Facebook
effectively that's basically that's oh
oh my gosh by the way if it were a
Democrat who did this you wouldn't hear
about it all you heard in 2008 was
Obama's the digital candidate he's using
digital he's so great
you even heard this about Hillary until
we found out it wasn't true then when
Republicans use digital really well it's
a national scandal another way that you
know this is nothing
so they on Twitter today one of the top
trends was Robert Mercer and Robert
Mercer is a big GOP donor and the big
scare
headline was that Robert Mercer who had
invested in this thing and that thing
and his third cousin twice removed
worked at Cambridge analytic or whatever
that he had donated to John Bolton's
political action committee John Bolton
the new national security adviser to
President Trump and this was
groundbreaking this was really
earth-shattering news a GOP donor
donated to our Republicans political
action committee breaking and also the
sky remains blue and fish continue to
swim and the Sun continues to shine this
is also breaking news
he's a GOP donor gives to a lot of
Republicans of course but there try this
is how you know they don't care about
this at Cambridge analytical thing
Republicans used technology well and
they're very angry about that because
only Democrats are supposed to use
technology well they're very upset so
they attack anything they can why are
they bringing up John Bolton Oh because
John Bolton is Donald Donald Trump's
latest move he just appointed John
Bolton NSA so now it's got to be about
John Bolton they will grasp at anything
and by the way even the Washington Post
admits this in the wopo today it Rodgers
explains quote because Democrats have no
affirmative agenda to run on in November
they are left clinging on to the Russian
collusion story for dear life even when
it comes to Bolton Democrats such as Tim
Kaine who would have been the second
woman president have gone so far as to
suggest that perhaps Bolton shouldn't
receive a security clearance because
he's interacted with the Russians over
the years well most foreign policy
professionals in the United States make
it their business to interact with
Russians on a regular basis oh and by
the way it was the candidate who picked
Kane as her running mate Clinton Kane
whose allies actually used Russian
supplied information it's just spaghetti
at the wall now you're probably reading
all about stormy Daniels for whatever
reason or you're reading about Cambridge
analytic you're reading about a big
technology company that you give all of
your data to using your data that's
where you're using what you're not
reading about is have donald trump may
have denuclearize North Korea after 70
years of aggression with this country we
met 20 years of a nuclear program more
than that we may have denuclearized them
the main stories on CNN in The New York
Times today though if you search you
assume it's probably that's probably big
headline no that would be so
we Daniels we might denuclearize North
Korea a major geopolitical threat or
Donald Trump had sex with a porn star
once 10 years ago allegedly we we might
not all burn up in nuclear holocaust
because of a rogue state that we've been
fighting for 70 years Donald Trump a guy
who bragged about having sex with porn
stars may have had sex with a porn store
one time 10 years ago that's the
headline knows that's the headline on
the New York Times in CNN the lead story
in The Washington Post was about how
awful Trump's policies will be toward
immigrants that was the big headline
North Korea might denuclearize it would
be my but the immigrants end here's the
headline from The Washington Post
national security trump proposal would
penalize immigrants who use tax credits
and other benefits listen to the
language immigrants said why would it
how would it so someone's here they're
an immigrant why would it may be
penalized if they use welfare the
Washington Post writes immigrants who
accept almost any form of welfare or
public benefit even popular tax
deductions could be denied legal u.s.
residency under a proposal in waiting
the administration which is seeking to
reduce the number of foreigners living
in the US hold on us I thought we were
talking about the immigrants an
immigrant is someone who comes to the
United States legally an emigrant leaves
his country an immigrant is accepted
into a new country so it's saying
immigrants who accept almost any form of
welfare could be denied legal US
residency but if they're if they don't
have legal u.s. residency then they're
not immigrants oh oh the Washington Post
means illegal aliens they just used a
completely deceptive term that doesn't
actually explain those people because
they want to blur the distinction
between illegal aliens and immigrants
who come here that you know there are a
lot of immigrants they're Italian
immigrants there are Jewish immigrants
there are illegal immigrant kinds of
immigrants right no these are
categorically different things and this
is why you cannot trust anything that
you read in these sources it's why you
can't trust the news we see that
everything is designed just to attack
Donald Trump it isn't designed just to
report the news that's why we call it
the fake news but just the language
that they use is it comprises lies the
whole constitution of the language that
they use is lies the word immigrant to
refer to illegal aliens is deceptive
dishonest lying fake language it's just
baked into the very medium that they're
using to report the news
so don't that's a little bit of a
sidebar but it's really important to pay
attention to those things I've got a
Prager you video coming out soon on the
importance of language which is ironic
because I didn't write a book so now I
get to talk about language but it's very
important to pay attention to that
language language concedes whole
premises back to North Korea this means
just in case you missed it I know the
news didn't report on it that our
madman's strategy you know our madam a
they've got North Korea has its madman
and Donald Trump says you better watch
Jack because he's got to deal with this
madman it seems that that strategy is
working it seems that that strategy is
working and it seems that the
appointment of John Bolton isn't
coincidental it seems that that is
working John Bolton may be the most
vocal voice in the United States the
loudest voice in the United States at
attacking North Korea hammering North
Korea they Donald Trump appointed John
Bolton NSA like five minutes ago
he hasn't even taken office yes yet and
North Korea says okay well denuclearize
okay hey so I was thinking we might
appoint John but we'll do it we'll do
nuclear eyes okay we'll do it okay well
I didn't even finish our John Billington
I could have said no but don't get you a
belt Bolton right that is a pretty good
strategy and this is the meaning of
peace through strength Democrats totally
misrepresent this they demagogue this
all the time they accuse Republicans of
war mongers Ronald Reagan talked about
this in his famous speech in the 1960s a
time for choosing peace through strength
what Democrats get us is war through
weakness Barack Obama was a wartime
president I was told if I voted for John
McCain that we would get involved in
many more wars in the Middle East and
they were right I voted for John McCain
and we got involved in more wars in the
Middle East and in Africa they just
because one talks the talk of peace does
not mean that one will affect peace and
this is the constant refrain of
Democrats and lefties who want to
appearance of the thing but not the
essence of the thing weakness leads to
war and strength leads to peace it looks
like we might be seeing that playing out
right now of course I don't believe Kim
Jong and I don't believe little Rocket
Man for one second I talk is cheap and
we'll see what happened but you know
just look at how the media is reporting
this when Barack Obama said hey we're
gonna basically give Iran a nuclear
weapon but they say that they probably
won't do it
he was lauded as this Messiah as the
savior of the world from the brink of
war even though we know Iran began
cheating on that agreement almost
immediately
Donald Trump has a perfect parallel here
with North Korea they say he's going to
get us into war he's so crazy he's so
crazy they're gonna get us into war this
is this is that parallel and who knows
probably Kim jong-un is a liar and
probably we can't trust him
this is right ahead of the summit he
said it to China but let's not forget
that North Korea is basically just an
ancillary state of China so if China
pushes them if get tough talk with China
and putting pressure on China will force
North Korea to the table all the better
for it and we should remember the
important phrase of Ronald Reagan to
avenge ya know Pro Vader yeah trust but
verify I don't know how to say that in
Korean we should look it up and
hopefully Donald Trump says it at the
table
okay I'm heading up to Koresh I'm
heading to Korea I can't wait I'm afraid
we get protested there I'm heading up to
Ithaca but we'll have a show tomorrow
we're gonna be doing the mailbag so get
all of your questions in especially if
an Tifa comes going for me you know this
might be the last mailbag for a while so
make sure you get all of your questions
in in the meantime I'm Michael nose this
is the Michael Noel's show I'll see you
tomorrow
the Michael Knoll show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex Zingaro audio is
mixed by mike core amina hair and makeup
is by Jeshua
of era copyright for word publishing
