former Supreme Court Justice John Paul
Stevens has called for the repeal of the
Second Amendment the only problem is
there is no gun problem in America
conservatives keep defending their
second Amendment rights on the left's
terms but even a cursory look at the
numbers shows America does not have a
gun problem we will analyze then on this
day in history in 1973 Marlon Brando
ruins Hollywood I'm Michael Knowles and
this is the Michael Nolan show
a lot to get to today a lot to talk
about and I'll start out on a nice note
at least they're honest at least they're
honest at least John Paul Stevens former
Justice of the Supreme Court is finally
being honest and not saying we need to
ban this sort of accessory to rifles and
we need to ban this random kind of rifle
but not the other guns at least he's
being honest and that's what the debate
is really about repealing the Second
Amendment so we will analyze and we will
take a look should we should we repeal
the Second Amendment what would happen
if we did what are the forces urging us
to do that right now but before we do
that we got to make a little bit of
money we have to thank a sponsor to the
show a wonderful sponsor Lending Club
this is a really great service that is
available to you Lending Club gives you
access to low rate loans of up to
$40,000 for almost any purpose you can
take control of your debt finance a
major purchase or finally make those
home improvements now you can't just go
and run away and just go to Vegas and
drink yourself into a stupor that's
probably not but there are a lot of uses
everybody could use a little bit of
money and sometimes you're just a little
bit tight you need a little loan to get
you through Lending Club is a great way
to do it it's so 21st century it is
easier than going to a bank it offers
lower rates than high interest credit
cards a lot of people I notice they'll
they you know they're in a pinch they
need money at a particular time and
they'll they'll use credit cards and pay
these exorbitant fees don't do that
they're smarter options available to you
do not just swipe just go to Lending
Club dot-com enter how much money you
need and see if you're approved within
minutes you can pick the offer that's
right for you and the money can be in
your account in just a matter of days it
is that simple for more than 10 years
Lending Club has helped millions of
people with over thirty 1 billion
dollars in loans take charge of your
finances today with Lending Club this is
a great service it's very easy you know
my money is fungible and some sometimes
you need a little bit more money than
other times don't don't be foolish you
know you can use money to get you
through in a pinch go to Lending Club
comm slash Knolls Keo wles
and make sure that when you need that
money in a pinch you don't do
in a very expensive way you do it in an
easy way with the lowest rates possible
go to Lending Club comm / Knowles ko
wles to check your rate for 3 it will
not impact your credit score that is
Lending Club comm / anoles Lending Club
comm / Knowles you know you there are
all these sometimes little repairs I for
a period when I was in my teens I owned
a house and everything seemed to happen
at once though the roof would break and
the heater needed to be fixed and this
and that they'll help you get through
you know credit card debt sometimes you
want to deal with that that long overdue
vacation there's so much you could do
with just a little bit of money you can
start now at Lending Club dot-com /
Knowles ko wles all loans made by Webb
bank member FDIC Equal Housing lender ok
let's get into this let's get into the
guns we are we were talking about guns
we're talking about money all very
important things to the American Dream
so John Paul Stevens has called to
repeal the Second Amendment a few
observations right off the bat John Paul
Stevens is a Republican this isn't some
lefty judge I mean I guess obviously he
is a lefty judge but he's a Republican
he was nominated for the Supreme Court
by President Gerald Ford he was
nominated for the appellate court by
Richard Nixon he isn't a Democrat he's a
Republican but obviously he's not a
conservative he's not an originalist
certainly to say and there's a big
difference here between Republicans and
conservatives not all Republicans or
conservatives or originalist
or defend our Constitution this calls to
mind a second thing this this op-ed
alone that he published in the New York
Times
calling for the repeal of the Second
Amendment should remind us all thank God
Donald Trump instead of won the
presidency instead of Hillary Clinton
thank god I know we're all very upset
about this budget it's a terrible budget
we think it's not a conservative anymore
Hillary Clinton was running she was
campaigning on gutting the Second
Amendment and the thing they all used
all used to do they would say we look I
defend a second I don't want to repeal
the Second Amendment
I just wanna but I just but but I just
wanna it's very clear they're laying
their cards on the table other people
have called for this to this the
so-called conservative commentator Bret
Stevens is called to repeal the second
and many other people have as well it is
a very good thing that Donald Trump won
that election because this would be on
the chopping block Hillary would have
appointed left-wing justices or
apparently even moderate Republican
justices and they would have gutted this
thing there is a call among the
political class not among the people the
American people oppose gun control but
among the political class there is a
call to gut this very basic
constitutionally protected civil right
here's what Stevens read in the New York
Times rarely in my lifetime have I seen
the type of civic engagement
schoolchildren and their supporters
demonstrated in Washington and other
major cities around the country this
past Saturday these demonstrations
demand our respect they reveal the broad
public support for legislation to
minimize the risk of mass killings of
schoolchildren and others in our society
I don't know where to begin dismantling
just about everything he just said is
not true it is unreal he said really in
my lifetime have I seen this type of
civic engagement schoolchildren have
demonstrated hmm but maybe that should
tell you something it should tell you
something that this entire movement is
being led by 11 year olds they're
literally 11 year olds giving speeches
what our 11 year olds known for are they
known for their vast knowledge is that
something no there's students because
they have to learn they don't know
anything that's fine we were all
students once but they don't know
anything perhaps they shouldn't be
leading this movement then he says these
demonstrations demand our respect no
they don't they don't demand our respect
this whole thing was organized out of
Hollywood it was believed Justin
Bieber's manager I forget his name and
George Clooney funded this thing to the
hilt that that producer and managers
wife was the one running it and
collecting donations and managing the
whole thing these these don't just
happen when there were massive
nationwide protests and big PSAs and
campaigns and a lot of money flowing in
usually you can tell that's not coming
from 16 year olds 16 year olds don't
have a lot of clout for money but
Twitter is verifying them this is true
collusion this is collusion among the
activist forces of the left to use these
school kids like little puppets there
was that meme going around of David hog
is a little
puppet on the hand of CNN and CNN says
so David should we were build a second
Matt that is what's going on and by the
way this is an important message for
everybody follow the memes this came to
me last night when I was giving the talk
at Yeshiva there are all these memes
just making fun of david hog follow the
memes it shows you what's really
happening in the culture the
undercurrents of the culture not the
things that are on the TV or on the news
or in movies but the undercurrents of
what's happening in the actual popular
culture the american people do not
support this and they certainly don't
demand our respect they're trying to rob
us of our constitutionally protected
civil rights they are not they are not
passionate wonderful believers in the
American dream they are dismantlers of
the American Dream they're arrogant
ignorant dismantlers of the American
Dream we shouldn't give them any
attention we shouldn't give them any
praise he then goes on and says these
demonstrations revealed a broad public
support for legislation to minimize the
risk of mass killings of schoolchildren
and others in our society this has two
major errors here first of all what he's
implying is gun control what he's really
saying it's broad public support to get
rid of guns ultimately to repeal the
Second Amendment that does not exist
every time there's a very public and
reported on shooting event then support
for gun control jumps up and then
shortly thereafter it drops right back
down majority of Americans broadly do
not support gun control but then look at
how he phrases it he says legislation to
minimize the risk of mass killings of
schoolchildren as though someone opposes
that who opposes legislation to minimize
the risk of slaughtering schoolchildren
nobody does but as Marco Rubio pointed
out a few years ago
there isn't any legislation that has
been proposed that would have prevented
these shootings there isn't one piece
there were tens of thousands of gun
control laws on the books the federal
government has failed to enforce those
laws and has failed to do its job many
times so should we should give it more
power is that the idea gun confiscation
does not work people don't give away
their guns didn't happen in Connecticut
didn't happen in Australia so much wrong
about what he's saying now ultimately he
is putting forth this idea that forget
all of the gun control you're right
you're right about the gun
control that won't work which is why we
need to repeal the second amendment this
is how he goes on in the in the column
that support is a clear sign to
lawmakers to enact legislation
prohibiting civilian ownership of
semi-automatic weapons increasing the
minimum age to buy a gun from 18 to 21
years old and establishing more
comprehensive background checks on all
purchasers of firearms but the
demonstrators should seek more effective
and more lasting reform they should
demand a repeal of the Second Amendment
to that I say I mean he's making a lot
of suppositions that aren't true such as
the broad Americans support for gun
control that doesn't exist but to this I
say at least he's honest at least John
Paul Stevens is being honest the left
used to hide this they used to be but
hints they were the buttheads the ice I
support the Second Amendment but by mmm
oh I know I support free speech look I
support free speech but and then they
send then whatever they say just
contradicts what they previously said
because butts negate sentences oh no I
support the Second Amendment
I just want to gut the Second Amendment
here is Hillary Clinton exemplifying
this tactic when he's gotten a tough
question from a reporter when he's
challenged in a debate when he sees a
protester at a rally imagine if you dare
imagine imagine him in the Oval Office
facing a real crisis a man you can't
bathe with a tweet is not a man we can
trust with nuclear weapons sure it's a
lot of Hillary it's long long Hillary
she did that look I don't want to take
away your second amendments that's what
she says I don't want to take away your
Second Amendment but I don't want people
to do this as she did the same thing
with abortion we have to get to that in
one second but before we do that we have
to thank another sponsor and this spawns
and this is providential as frequently
is the case a providential sponsor that
I've let me ask you this how great would
it be if when you went on a business
trip you got the kind of support that
astronauts get when they go when they go
on a business trip of Dadar space having
a whole team of people in Mission
Control making sure that your business
trip
smoothly now as you know fortunately we
have upside comm upside is a mission
control for your business trip I think
if we didn't have that probably you know
I'm gonna I'm on a trip right now I'm
giving these speeches in New York if I
didn't if we didn't have upside comm
then I think probably it would just be
like me telephoning sweet little Elise
in the middle of the night saying hey
all my flights are canceled gee Mac I
don't know what to do I can't do
anything from over here Mac it's you
need a team of people to support you
that's so upside will be your mission
control they will look out for you every
step of the way they will handle any
problem that might pop up they have a
team of specialists working 24/7 to make
sure your flight your hotel and your
core rental all go off without a hitch I
have all of these things on this trip
and I hope they go up for that a hitch
but if they don't luckily there's a team
of specialists who can fix that
upside calm monitors your trip around
the clock proactively keeping you posted
on everything from if it's gonna rain
yeah if there are alternate flights home
in case you want to squeeze in one more
meeting or in my case one more round of
drinks at every single bar in New York
if you wanted it look sometimes you have
to do that sometimes it's very important
to business to go around one more time
to every single bar in Manhattan if you
need to do that you need someone to look
for alternate flights home have you ever
experienced that level before on a
business trip of course you haven't not
until you've used up side trust me once
you've experienced a committed team
looking after every detail of your trip
you can never go back that's actually I
think why band is having me use upside
is so that I never come back that I
think he wants to be a team that keeps
me in New York they say oh no that's
okay one more meeting is fun it's a
really wonderful service for easy
booking competitive prices and a team
that always has your back go to upside
calm slash cough FA CE o V Fe Fe will
add a lot of cough fi to your business
trip book your next business trip sign
up today for your free account and get a
free pair of Bose headphones on your
first business trip those are very nice
those are those are nicer than these
little earbuds that they give me at the
daily wire they're really good don't say
I never did nothing for you upside calm
slash cough FA Co V Fe Fe there's a $600
minimum purchase required within 90 days
the site for complete details resist
kind of disclaimers but it's a really
great service are you really gonna enjoy
it and you get some free headphones
that's pretty cool okay Hillary did this
same tactic the but tactic I don't want
to take away your second Amendment I
just you know I just she did the same
thing with abortion she said that
abortion should be safe legal and rare
and this never made any sense of course
if abortion is morally similar to murder
than it shouldn't be legal and if
abortion is just a procedure it's just
like removing a zit or something a clump
of cells then it shouldn't be rare why
should it be rare it doesn't have if
either it has moral weight or it doesn't
have moral weight but you can't have it
both ways that is what the left has
tried to do on guns for years and years
and years they've said look I totally
support the individual right to keep and
bear weapons that can blow people's
heads off I understand I respect that
constitutional right but I bet you you
shouldn't but you shouldn't that's what
they say is you can't have it both ways
either you so you believe that this is a
right that people ought to have and then
ought to be recognized or it makes no
sense if you don't believe that
ultimately if Free People needs the
right to arm themselves against a
government that could turn tyrannical as
liberal democratic governments have done
many many times over the last two
centuries if you either you believe that
they need that right or it is insane to
let people have guns if you don't think
that that's the point and you're going
to allow people have these killing
machines just to go duck hunting or
something of course not if it is right
you have to deal honestly with it and
with some philosophical clarity finally
it seems people are doing that the
alleged comedian Michael Ian Black
he's not a Butthead he's not playing
this justjust game he just called to
repeal the Second Amendment he tweeted
quote I'll say it assault weapons aren't
the problem and guns are the problem by
all means ban ar-15s and the like but
handguns kill far more people the
solution is to repeal and replace the
Second Amendment make gun ownership a
privilege not a right yes having the
ready ability to take someone's life is
dominion over that person gun ownership
should be viewed as slavery by another
name at least he's honest he's
completely wrong but at least he's
honest it is true handguns are involved
in many more deaths
than assault weapons or whatever made-up
scare named the left that comes up with
they are involved in many more now of
course two-thirds of the time those are
suicides of middle-aged men and for the
remainder in major cities eighty percent
are involved in gang crime inter gang
crime but he makes a good point banning
the ar-15 won't do anything here is
David Hogg at the March for our lives
over the weekend I'm gonna start off by
putting this price tag right here as a
reminder for you guys to know how much
Marco Rubio took for every student's
life in Florida one dollar and five
cents okay
the cold grasp of corruption shackles
the District of Columbia the winter is
over change is here the Sun shines on a
new day and the day is ours inaction is
no longer safe and to that we say no
more ninety six people ninety six people
die every day from guns in our country
yet most representatives have no public
stance on guns and tonight we say no
more - David hog I say no more I agree
with you David ugh no more I can't take
it anymore
yeah that is like the cringy esteverena
pair
he thinks he's Martin Luther King he is
getting it he says oh this is gonna be
my phrase is okay no more yes to that I
say like listen I didn't know Martin
Luther King you are no Martin Luther
King here's a big difference Martin
Luther King wanted to defend Americans
civil rights and David hog wants to deny
American civil rights that's the that's
the subtle difference there I was there
other differences too but you see I've
been to the mountaintop Martin Luther
King we say no more no more you can't
have your rights anymore I was asked a
question last night during the Q&A you
should be University and this was a
conservative guy who I take it watches
the show and he asked a question I think
a lot of young conservatives are
wondering and they kind of get sucked
into this I say don't we have to do
something we have to do something we see
these images of dead children on TV oh
we have to do something there's a
problem I can see it with my own eyes
and we have to do something
can't we just compromise isn't it a
crisis isn't it like out of you and
there's this anxiety that builds that
the media has constructed that the media
have constructed the this anxiety of oh
gosh we can't we don't want it or do we
defend the status quo the the end of his
question he said or do you think the
status quo is just fine I don't think
the status quo is just fine I think the
status quo is not very good I think the
problem with the status quo is we have
too many gun control laws on the books
we have far too many gun
tens-of-thousands of gun control laws on
the books there are other problems as
well
which influenced these killings and
these shootings but no we should that
the the problem with the status quo is
not that there are not enough gun
control laws on the books the problem is
that there were too many because the
right to keep and bear arms shall not be
infringed and it's infringing on a lot
conservatives should not bring a knife
to leftists gun fights actually probably
they should bring a knife because
statistically speaking knives are much
more likely to kill you then assault
weapons or rifles of any kind so maybe
we should bring we should bring those
assault knives but we shouldn't bring a
knife broadly speaking we shouldn't
bring a knife to the leftists fight over
guns there is no gun problem in America
they are promised their premise rather
is that there is a major gun problem
right now it is escalating it is
reaching a fever pitch their premise is
total BS it is not true there is less of
a gun problem now than there has ever
been in American history there are many
other problems there are problems of
criminality there are problems of
certain punishment of not punishing
people in a certain way there are
problems of not having the facilities to
deal with deranged people and with
lunatics
those are plenty there are plenty of
those problems there's a hollowing out
of the culture there are problems of
despair there problems suicide there are
problems of irreligious 'ti which
contributes to all of them there is not
a gun problem in America and we
shouldn't compromise on anything why
should we compromise they're like they
are they used to be like screaming
little children on this issue now they
actually are screaming children we
talked a lot on this show about the
difference between the signifier and the
signified the metaphysical and the
physical they have become the metaphor
they are actually just screaming 11-year
olds and David hog and shrieking at you
without knowing anything we why would we
compromise on them say well look they
want this and we want to defend our
civil rights they want to take away all
of our civil rights and we want to
defend our civil rights
so let's only take away some of our
civil rights no no why would we do that
especially when all of their premises
all of the statistics they're citing
aren't true let's just go through some
of the numbers here to explain how there
is not a gun problem in America in 1980
there were ten point eight willful
killings per 100,000 people within 13
years that
dropped to seven homicides by firearm
for every 100,000 Americans by 2013 that
figure dropped again by 50% violent
crime has decreased by 49 percent since
1991 there was a high mark in 1980 it's
been declining for decades since the
overall homicide rate is way down since
1980 in 1980 10.2 people were murdered
per 100,000 Americans by 2014 that
number had fallen to 4.5 people per
100,000 Americans wherever you look some
statistics they vary a little bit you
can see 10.8 you can see 10.2 but they
do agree on this major trend that has
gone down and I know what here's what
the lefties are going to say well we had
a federal assault weapons ban and that's
what did it and I'm going to explain to
you why that is absolute bunk and
nonsense plus we also have to explain
how marlon brando destroyed hollywood
single-handedly destroyed hollywood on
this day in history and actually
destroyed acting ironically we'll go
into that too we want to tell you about
all of that but if you're not on daily
wire.com I can't my hands are tied what
do you want me to do a we if you go to
daily wire.com you will get me you'll
get the inter flavin show you get the
Ben Shapiro show you can ask questions
in the mail bag and mail bags coming up
on Thursday so make sure to get your
questions in everybody can watch but
only subscribers can ask the questions I
again I know none of that matters but
you can get this the most important
vessel of all the leftist here's tumblr
now I'm on the road I didn't want to
take so valuable a possession with me on
the road lest something happened it
would probably be confiscated at TSA as
a weapon of mass destruction or as a way
to fight weapons of mass destruction so
I have to keep my salty leftist ears in
this vessel now that's fine but here you
know I when I drink it and it's still
salty so that's good I mean they're
always delicious this room temperature I
don't want to I like my salty leftist
ears either hot or cold I'm room
temperature
why would I don't even know if this is
safe and you know we're broadcasting
from National Review I want to thank my
friends a national view for having me I
don't know what sort of radiation
they're being subjected to right now or
that I'm being subjected to don't put
yourself at risk like I'm putting myself
at risk go to daily wire.com we'll be
right back
so we see this trend broadly by by your
count anywhere from ten point two to ten
point eight willful killings per hundred
thousand people in nineteen eighty
number way way down drops by fifty
percent
just from 93 to 2013 just within those
twenty years violent crime way down
since 1991 the overall homicide rate way
way down by 2014 we're looking at four
point five people per 100,000 Americans
so lefties might say well there was the
federal assault weapons ban they they
just made up that term matter what's an
assault weapon I think all weapons or
assault weapons or anything but it is it
has dropped that's true they make a good
point however let's look a little more
carefully because it seems so clear
doesn't it but all shallows are clear
federal assault weapons ban expired
fourteen years ago nevertheless the
trend continued it was enacted in 1994 a
decade later it was expired it wasn't
renewed but the trend in the drop in
crime continued to drop so there is no
evidence that the so-called assault
weapons ban has had any effect
whatsoever on murder or crime rates even
the Washington Post admits this by the
way so even the Washington Post where
democracy dies in darkness admits on the
wonk blog in a piece in 2015 we've had a
massive decline in gun violence in the
US here's why now some of their
explanations are more compelling than
others for one they note the increase in
cops that we've hired that there are
more police officers on the beat gun
violence murder crime they all start to
decline around the time of the assault
weapons ban but the so-called assault
weapons ban the the so-called assault
weapons crimes didn't really change I
think the reason that people see that
coincidence
is that also at this same time in 1994
President Clinton signed sweeping crime
bills and there were other crime bills
all throughout the United States in
major cities New York in particular but
that funded law enforcement agencies
nationally added a hundred thousand
officers nationally at a time when law
enforcement agencies were already
expanding economist Steven Levitt
estimates larger police forces reduced
crime by five to six percent gun
violence had declined with crime
generally at this point now I will say I
don't I take social
with a grain of salt it's very it's a
it's a it's abysmal science and it's
very it can be easily manipulated I will
cite it when it suits my purposes as now
but you got you do have to take it with
a grain of salt nevertheless seems
pretty compelling the Washington Post
also points to the adoption of computers
is helping this trend so computer
modeling particularly New York's
CompStat comparative statistics system
allowed police departments to identify
neighborhoods that needed more policing
than other neighborhoods and it made
them much more effective the Brennan
Center for Justice ran a study that says
that this reduced homicide by 11 percent
again take it with a grain of salt but
seems compelling then the Washington
Post gets a little wonky they a third
answer they suggest is less booze
American alcohol consumption declined 21
percent from 1980 to 2000 that number
has since increased presumably because
of my 21st birthday that has started to
go back up again
booze does get people rowdier and more
aggressive if you've ever been to
college or at a bar after 2:00 a.m. you
have witnessed this perhaps you've
participated in this yourself the
Brennan Center for Justice gives this
credit for 5 to 10 percent drop in crime
who knows that's obviously a little bit
less hard to track when you're looking
at cops actually arresting more people
it's a little bit easier there was that
famous line from the New York Times Fox
Butterfield who said a prisons fill a
despite drop in crime continues to drop
despite prisons filling they say well
maybe there's a maybe something has to
do with each other maybe the one oh I
don't know I don't know I'm not a
statistician another suggestion that the
Washington Post makes is that there's
less lead so and this is actually a
widely held hypothesis it's total
nonsense
but the idea is that lead makes humans
more aggressive if you are exposed to
lead you know in lead paint or whatever
as a child it will affect your brain and
make you more aggressive so they thank
the Clean Air Act for reducing lead in
the environment it's mostly just that
they want to talk up environmental
regulations in the Clean Air Act
jessyca raised an economist from Amherst
College estimates that the reduction of
lead in the environment has led to a 56%
reduction in violent crime this is
absolute nonsense
Phil cook an economist and sociologist
from Duke points out the hole in this
theory which is that it assumes that the
kids in the 80s were worse than the kids
in 90s right they were worse when there
was more lead in the environment than
there was then when there was not as
much lead in the environment but that
that doesn't correlate with the crime
statistics so if you would you would
have to see a generational shift but
actually when the crime dropped in the
90s even just a brief glance at the data
showed that it was not associated with
one particular cohort of people over
another it was across the board it
happens simultaneously the drop has that
same pattern so you can't you can't
blame it on the lab it's a ridiculous
theory but kind of funny then they then
they get to their final suggestion which
is the better economy
there was a great economy for the
nineties and the Brennan Center says
that a better economy is responsible for
a five to ten percent reduction in
violent crime
this also is BS I think because economic
trends can explain property crime but
they can't really explain violent crime
when economies don't do as well you see
things like theft and burglary tick up
but not really murders and assaults and
things like that even the Washington
Post admits this the left always has to
push this because they love to pretend
that crime is caused by money they think
that people are just animals they think
that we're just only motivated by
physical things Winston Churchill and
later Ronald Reagan said when great
forces are on the move in the world we
learned the word spirits not animals
that there's a moral framework and we
aspire to virtue not just property the
left doesn't believe this they have a
materialist a framework and moral
framework in view of the world and so
they say old poverty causes crime
poverty coincides with try crime
criminal behavior certainly causes
poverty but you can't blame it on on
poverty it basically is a way of looking
at people who are impoverished or who
committing crime and reducing blame and
saying they can't be held accountable
for their immoral actions they can't be
held accountable for their free will
their poverty made them do it or their
brain made them there's really no
evidence of that now here's a story that
will illustrate just how made up this
whole thing is this whole March for our
lives gun control movement the
grassroots movement Al Sharpton's
brother
the Reverend Kenneth a Glasgow was just
charged in the drive-by shooting of a
woman one day after he participated in
the March for our lives anti gun crime
protests he goes on Saturday goes I'm
yeah we need to stop guns
the next day does a drive-by shooting
now it's unclear if he pulled the
trigger he probably didn't pull the
trigger either way he's culpable of
murder because he aided an embedded
murder this is exact this is the
Reverend the Reverend Kenneth Glasgow I
expect no less of somebody affiliated
with al Sharpton
that's charlatan but it sure it shows
all of this for what it is I think I
pointed this out on the show yesterday
that all of these protests the women's
march and the March for our lives and
the this March and the immigrant were
there not about the issue that they say
they're about they're not about women
they're not about guns yeah I mean Al
Sharpton's brother shows us pretty well
nothing else sharpens brother wants to
reduce gun ownership in America he
probably just wants to reduce legal gun
ownership so that criminals can go and
shoot people in cars but it isn't about
that it's just about Trump it's just
about hitting Republicans they're
throwing spaghetti at the wall there's
the guns and the immigrants and Russia
and stormy Daniels and the porn stars
and it's just because they don't like
Trump it isn't earnest there isn't an
earnest national outcry that kid David
hog you know the next Martin Luther King
David hog is now moving on to voter
suppression for some reason that's his
new issue because he knows his 15
minutes are up on this so he's got to
move on to something new it's just the
same anti-republican nonsense now
looking at where we are here the gun
problem in America which does not exist
if anything we should be counting our
lucky stars for our success in fighting
gun violence in America we have
solutions that we know work policing
locking up criminals giving law
enforcement better technology and better
money it's more money and in locking up
crazy people who shouldn't be allowed
into society the left hates the solution
of giving law enforcement more power
because they don't like cops right the
whole thing is that these crazy awful
racist cops are gunning down innocent
black men so they should be the only
ones with guns
that's the idea they don't like that
solution they can't resolve the
cognitive dissonance on those two issues
and then they also don't want to lock up
crazy people because it feels icky you
don't want to do that civil libertarians
don't like that either but there there
is nothing compassionate there's nothing
of dignified or nothing really
pertaining to Liberty by allowing a
crazy people in lunatics to live in
squalor on the street and propose a
threat to themselves into society
one other thing to notice is that only
20% of homicides each year occur during
what would during someone committing
another crime so the rest of those are
interpersonal they're much more likely
to be committed by people who know one
another and guess what they're gonna
happen whether the guns exist or not
that which is actually why so many
violent deaths involve hands and feet
and knives and hammers and baseball bats
because if you want to kill somebody
you're just gonna do it if you want to
kill yourself
two-thirds of gun deaths each year or
suicides you're gonna do it you can just
walk off a ledge Dorothy Parker summed
it up well if somewhat callously razors
pain you rivers or dam acid stain you
and drugs cause cramp guns aren't lawful
nurses give gas smells awful you might
as well live there are a lot of options
as she outlines in that poem resume and
the the problem isn't the guns the
problem or underlying of issues such as
depression leading people to suicide
gang crime we know how to solve some of
these there's this cultural issue of
despair one hopes that there is a
cultural resurgence that will take care
of that public policy probably will not
be very effective to do it for issues of
criminality lock them up just lock them
up it worked in the 80s it worked in the
90s now that we've gotten all those
successes this is what the left always
does they get all of these successes
because of conservative policy and then
they say oh but we don't need to do the
policies anymore we want we want the
effect we don't want the cause we were
crazy lock the month okay is it we got
we had a little bit of time left it is
time for this day in history
this day in history this is a good one
in this day in history in 1973 Marlon
Brando destroyed Hollywood he ruined it
he really ruined the film industry I'm
not being hyperbolic here he he refused
his Oscar for the first time for the
Godfather he did it for political
reasons now Brando had been nominated
for an Oscar in 1951 for streetcar named
desire following year he was nominated
for Viva Zapata following year for
Julius Caesar following year 4 on the
waterfront
I could have been somebody I could have
been a contender I could I had plans
that movie he actually won for that
movie then his career flaw totally
flopped 1960s he had a bunch of bad
movies a bunch of flops he had one
actually kind of like the movie mutiny
on the bounty
it was critically panned it was
unpopular Francis Ford Coppola when he
cast Marlon Brando in The Godfather
really had to fight for him to get him
cast no one wanted to work with him he
was known to be difficult to work with
and he hadn't had a great previous
decade 1973 this is Brando's comeback
he's given the performance of a lifetime
just an unimaginably good performance in
The Godfather and he refuses the Oscar
and sends an American Indian in his
place here's what happened
accepting the award for
this stuff you
hello my name is Sachi Littlefeather
I'm Apache and I'm president of the
National Native American affirmative
image committee I'm representing Marlon
Brando this evening and he has asked me
to tell you in a very long speech which
I cannot share with you presently
because of time but I will be glad to
share with the press afterwards that he
very regretfully cannot accept this very
generous award and the reasons for this
being are the treatment of American
Indians today by the film industry
excuse me
first interesting to hear the booze
that's how when when Brando injected
politics the you hear booze even later
on went in 1978 Vanessa Redgrave gave a
speech attacking Israel you got some
booze there too now if someone has a
political speech to give it the Oscars
you you'd get cheers I think if you just
give a gracious speech that's when they
boo you now in the old days if you
brought politics and it was thought
really below the stature and below the
glamour of that occasion now that's the
whole show I mean that is what the
entire show is at the time the Brando
did this the only other guy to decline
an Oscar was George C's Scott for Patton
and that wasn't political that's because
he thought the whole thing was frivolous
and he's a real actors actor and he
didn't want to take part in that silly
pageantry fair enough that's actually
fine by me but Brando injected politics
into the whole thing so you had Vanessa
Redgrave in 78 in 93 you had Richard
Gere using his speech to attack China
for abuses in Tibet that same year Susan
Sarandon and Tim Robbins attacked the
u.s. for not allowing HIV infected
Haitians to come into America quickly
enough I don't know I don't know where
they picked these issues where they just
art board in Hollywood they say well I
guess I don't have any time I don't have
anything to do it to fill my time I'll
just okay that yep that's what I'm gonna
do that one now HIV infected would-be
immigrants from Haiti that's gonna be my
new issue and they just picked these
sort of hit random in 2003 Michael Moore
ranted about how much he doesn't like
george w bush in 2009 Dustin Lance Black
lauded the martyred pederast Harvey Milk
during his acceptance speech was all
political 2013 Michelle Obama who was
never proud of her country until it
elected her husband she showed up for
some reason in 2015 Patricia Arquette
went onstage and complained that she
should make even more millions of
dollars to pretend as she accepted her
golden statuette now this happens every
single year it just happens on and on
and on and it's interesting in the case
of 2009 you saw this shift of the movies
getting way more lefty way more on
with their politics I mean they've got a
movie about about mortared pederast
Harvey Milk yet a whole movie lionizing
him as some sort of saint
that I think has fed into it to the
whole ethos of Hollywood even the
business of Hollywood has become much
the more left wing but Brando started
this and it's very frustrating
his Brando is the great actor of his age
he was truly an amazing actor he ruined
acting - this is the point I'll leave us
on this is not frequently noted he
ruined acting because before Marlon
Brando you had this kind of Laurence
Olivier excellent diction and what would
be called in modern acting
rubber-stamping represent some
representational acting there was good
stuff too but it wasn't organic as is
the term now so what Brando did is he
mumbled a little bit and his acting came
out of the American schools of acting of
Stella Adler and Sanford Meisner and Lee
Strasberg which in which actually
previously had come from Russia from
Stanislavski and a lot of it this really
all begins with Freud Freud is the
beginning of modern acting because Freud
writes of the subconscious and all of
modern acting is about getting creating
an inner life so that subconsciously
this will affect your behavior and you
don't need to plan out okay I'm gonna
put my hand here at this time it happens
organically you're like a sponge you
fill up and it comes all out one effect
of this is mumbling so you don't talk
with perfect diction like you would
doing Shakespeare or something
you're kind of slow you still I want to
see my girl Stella I could have been
somebody
but Brando did it perfectly because he's
Marlon Brando every other modern actor
it's just is infuriating because you're
watching the show and you can't
understand a word they're saying
they think they're Marlon Brando and
they talk like they have marbles and
they're math but it's really awful
because they're not Marlon Brando so we
got to hit him for that too you ruin the
film industry and he ruined acting even
though he himself is very good at it
both of these things that take away from
both of these is they characterize
something that is essential about our
age and that is informality we are
allergic to formality I'm seeing this
now as I get ready for my wedding its
styles of dress have changed
dramatically rarely if people don't even
really wear tuxedos in the evening
anymore
events they thought were they think you
know I'll wear this kind of suit or this
thing or that they don't were allergic
to it we think it's icky it's not it's
not authentic it's not organic
Brando did this in the at the Oscars the
Oscars are a nice elevated glamorous
event you receive a gold statue you're
very gracious maybe you tear up I want
to thank my mother and God and all this
whatever in and he said now I'm gonna
lower it I'm gonna degrade it no I'm
gonna it's just a it's just an
opportunity I don't like it
same the same thing with the acting race
and now it's gonna be more pedestrian
it's going to be more common and that's
not to knock it entirely there's quite a
lot that comes out of that sort of art
art that is common focuses on the common
man but our culture has lost the sense
of formality and it's really bad a
really two bases or civil discourse I
think because we have all of those
manners that you were supposed to learn
when you were growing up people just
don't have them anymore they don't have
manners and manners are important
because manners allow us all to live in
nice polite civilized society so maybe
we can get more of that okay I hope we
can reverse that trend that trend that
began on this day in history in 1973
okay that's our show
get your mailbag questions in I'll be
back again we've got a good guest for
tomorrow but I can't tell you yet I
don't want to ruin the surprise and then
I'm heading up to Ithaca tomorrow too so
if you happen to be in the area I know
it's I know it's a thriving metropolis
up there in upstate New York but if you
do happen to be there I'll be giving
I'll be giving a speech on give me that
old-time religion America's Christian
foundation until tomorrow I'm Michael
Knowles this is the Michael Nolt show
see you then
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex Zingara audio is
mixed by mike core amina hair and makeup
is by Jeshua OV era copyright for word
publishing 2018
