it's the failure of the media to get
Trump with their phony Russian collusion
thing that Russian collusion story is
blowing up on them and suddenly the FBI
looks really really bad this is
happening because the Russian collusion
story is falling apart not only is the
House Intelligence Committee mopping up
its investigation everything is too it
is pointing to dishonesty at the top of
the FBI and the DOJ not working you know
not in the places where the guys do
their actual work but in the leadership
that was put in place by Obama
Andrew McCabe's firing Andrew McCabe
wrote a piece remember he was the deputy
director fired not by Donald Trump fired
because an internal investigation the
Inspector General DOJ inspector
general's investigation turned up that
he had lied under oath or lacked candor
they said under oath about a story he
leaked to the press and that went to the
FBI's internal affairs division and he
would spend jeff sessions fired Andrew
McCabe and that did not cost him his
pension as they kept reporting that's
not true although it may cost him some
money he wrote a piece mccabe wrote a
piece saying well did he lie no he said
at worst I was not clear in my responses
and because of what was going on around
me I may well have been confused and
distracted and for that I take full
responsibility but that's just what Mike
Flynn said remember Mike Flynn the
national security adviser was tossed out
of office because the FBI accused him of
lying and the confessed to admitted
guilt to lying to the FBI about
conversations he had with Russian
diplomats and he said it was confusing
it was during the transition period it
was all legal it was legal for him to do
it he was just convicted or pled guilty
to lying about it it's not that it was
illegal to do it he just didn't get this
to his story right to the FBI so mccabe
is being treated much much better than
michael Flynn Michael Flynn was thrown
out had to leave the national his post
as national security adviser his life
has basically been ruined for nothing as
far as I can tell he's been truly
mistreated by the Muller investigation
he was replaced by HR McMaster who never
you know his good man but he and Trump
never saw eye-to-eye now he
is gone and John Bolton is taking his
place
