a 1.3 trillion dollar omnibus budget
that preserves and expands Obama era
initiatives has conservatives wondering
with Republicans like this who needs
Democrats is it time to turn on Donald
Trump we will analyze the budget and the
state of conservative policy alongside
Howie Carr author of what really
happened how Donald J Trump saved
America from Hillary Clinton then three
cheers for John Bolton I'm Michael
Knowles and this is the Michael Nolt
show
we're here you can tell I'm not in my
regular broom closet of the ben shapiro
show I'm in New York I'm gonna be in New
York for the next week or so giving it
I'll be giving a speech at Yeshiva
University tonight and then I'll be
giving a speech at Ithaca College on
Thursday the main takeaway from this of
course is that if you don't write a book
then people will invite you to speak if
you don't use words at all then people
will assume you're good at using words
and and come give a talk we're gonna be
talking tonight about why the left is so
humorless why the right is so funny
right now and the left has absolutely no
sense of humor and then the speech on
Thursday will be titled give me that
old-time religion America's Christian
foundation so two two related topics in
this beautiful comedy of our lives but
you know if you're around maybe I'll see
you around the streets of New York a
good place to check would be all the
cigar bars we have a lot to talk about
today I want to thank our friends at
National Review by the way National
Review is very kindly hosting me I was
gonna do my podcast from just the
streets of New York just kind of walking
around looking at the sky you know
tattered clothing but they've been very
warm and they've taken me in it's very
nice of them so thank you again 2nr
before i've already lost my I've already
lost my add for today before we get
started I have to thank a wonderful
sponsor of ours they've been with us
awhile you hear me talk about them all
the time
that would be Dollar Shave Club look at
this shape I just I've been on an
airplane I'm traveling I'm Haggard but I
still have loved Dollar Shave Club
because they are always there to keep me
looking and feeling fresh
dollarshaveclub.com delivers everything
that you need to look feel and smell
your best it's more than just razors
you've heard me talk about this before
it they started out they're great razors
it R is really the best razor that I
have ever used and I don't usually skimp
on razors because you know those things
will rip your old face up this is the
moneymaker folks so Dollar Shave Club
also has great dr. Carver's shaved
butter it's not quite a shaving cream
you know like that big poofy stuff that
your grandfather used it's not gel for
like soy boys it's the shaved butter
very nice very smooth they handle
everything you need though to look feel
and smell your best shampoo body wash
toothpaste the razors are amazing
it is a must-have experience in the old
days you would have to go you'd have to
go to the pharmacy or the drugstore
you'd say where that we're the razors
we're the tooth pay and then you'd end
up guys in the wrong aisle you know that
aisle you're not supposed to go down you
feel very awkward you feel how people
are judging what am I doing here
forget that it's 2018 treat yourself
well have it delivered right to your
door you never have to worry about going
to the drugstore again I'm a millennial
you know this I like to be fused to
whatever sitting device whatever vessel
that I am in this is really excellent
for that for a mind-blowing experience
join Dollar Shave Club today for just
five dollars with free shipping you will
get the six blade executive razor plus
trial sizes of the shave butter body
cleanser and that's something called a
one wipe Charlie I should I just let you
use your imagination for what that is I
am I'm not going to go into a long
explanation about this it's called the
one wipe charlie I think you can
you're probably sophisticated enough to
have an idea of what that is you know
you got to be covered head-to-toe and
everything in the middle so you will
keep the blades coming for a few bucks
more per month get yours at
dollarshaveclub.com slash cough fa co v
fe fe dollarshaveclub.com slash cough fa
you're gonna get all this great stuff
for a very low price don't say I never
did nothing for you okay
we should get we should get into this I
am going to analyze the budget a little
bit later in the show
conservatives are very upset about this
conservatives are very rightly upset
about all this my whole Twitter feed
over the weekend was just people saying
should we turn on Trump now is this it
or we or conservatives done with Trump
and I did keep going back to this
question of gratitude we've gotten some
good stuff out of Trump and also he
saved us from that hellish nightmare of
a Hillary Clinton presidency which we
shouldn't underestimate how terrible
that would be I did an interview with
radio host Howie Carr because Howie is
the author of a new book what really
happened how Donald J Trump saved
America from Hillary Clinton you know
very nice subtle title it's a really fun
book I highly recommend reading it I
talked to Harry about this before the
the budget came out and so you shouldn't
judge how he as though this were coming
out after
budget but here are some his thoughts
he's knows Donald Trump he's known him
for years
he was the last radio person to speak to
him before the election results came in
in 2016 so let's cut to Howie for his
perspective then we'll look at the
budget and then we'll talk about how
great John Bolton is Howie thank you for
being here thank you for having me
Michael
the book is called what really happened
how Donald J Trump saved America from
Hillary Clinton a far far better book
than what happened written by my third
cousin once-removed Hillary the only
book in history for which the cover
answered its own question amazon.com or
how a car show click on store it is
really good I really have to encourage
every conservative and Republican to
read this book it is first of all you'll
learn a lot of things you didn't know
second of all it is such a joy it is the
grin I don't think left my face from the
beginning to the end reliving this
wonderful event and kind of learning
what was going on back behind the scenes
but the title says it all doesn't it you
know a lot of Trump critics on the right
insist
this wasn't a binary election Oh Trump
isn't that great he you know he tweeted
some awful thing he doesn't hold his
Chardonnay glass by the stem but we were
headed for four to eight years of
Hillary Clinton 12 to 16 years of
Democrat rule that awful woman who
campaigned on gutting the first and
second amendment
who called conservatives deplorable and
irredeemable how bad would it have been
had Hillary won oh it would have been
awful I mean I I I was prepared for the
worst that when it was wit on election
day I I thought it was over you know
again a lot of people don't realize that
the first and the second amendments and
probably more were on the table you know
I mean she added publicly said she was
going after gun rights in the end free
speech you know she called that citizens
united and the Heller decision on the
Second Amendment but you know you read
between the lines that's what she was
talking about the right amendment of the
Second Amendment and and she and she
would have put on some
extreme liberal on the Supreme Court
they would have they would have had that
majority five to four maybe six to three
it would have been it would have been
horrible open borders unvetted
immigration from terrorists terrorists
influenced countries it just would have
been a total disaster a you know this
Kotori tax rates deficits out of control
it would have been horrible it was a we
got a break the United States of America
got a break on November 8 2016 that's
what it felt like it felt like a relief
and and you write in the book you say
quote now it would be up to a
thrice-married potty-mouthed one-time
casino owning billionaire from Queens to
defend Adams as moral and religious
people to be the last conservative
standing a thwart the tide of history as
William F Buckley once wrote yelling
stop I think you're right what does that
tell us about our political culture
fifty years ago we had a bookish
Catholic wasp from Yale to bring the
Conservatives to victory now we need a
boor from Queens what does that mean
about our culture now well just
obviously the the culture has been
corset but I think the you know Adams
people I referred to John had up saying
that you need a religious world people
to to keep a republic I think I think
John Adams descendants that the people
he was talking about they understand
that they there they are and were up
against the wall and you know you you
they needed a bodyguard
I ordered Tucker Carlson before he took
over Bill O'Reilly slot and he was
writing I think yeah I think was at
Politico and he said they're not they're
not looking for a moral exemplar they're
looking for a bodyguard right it's the
same thing it's that that's that's why
stormy Daniels you know see CNN and
MSNBC can have all the fun they want
with stormy Daniels but that's not going
to cost Donald Trump any votes it will
not cost him one single vote and if they
think that that is what is gonna bring
this guy down they are they're living in
a fantasy now you I think you were
Donald Trump's last interview before the
polls
on election night did he think that he
was going to win did you have that sense
from him well I don't think he still
would have been working the phones you
know at 6:30 on election night if he
hadn't thought he was gonna win the
night the night before the election
election Eve I was in Manchester
broadcasting for my affiliate up there
and then we went over to the to the for
the rally that he had and that's where
he pulled the letters out from the
letter from Bill Belichick the coach of
the New England Patriots endorsing him
and and of course he'd been endorsed
earlier more or less by uh by Tom Brady
the quarterback and you know but after
he left Manchester that night he flew to
Grand Rapids Michigan and he had a rally
at 12:30 in the morning in election day
in Grand Rapids Michigan and that's why
I laughed when I saw Sean Michael Wolf's
book earlier this year saying oh he
didn't really think he was gonna win he
didn't even want to win hey give it come
on you you know you don't go to a rally
in Grand Rapids Michigan at 12:30 in the
morning on Election Day if you don't if
you don't want to win and he obviously
wanted to win he's still angry about
losing New Hampshire you know I saw him
right after Christmas at the at
mar-a-lago and he was asking me about
the New Hampshire because I'm on eight
stations in New Hampshire and he said I
said why did they pass such a week a
week
boater uh boater law you know the judge
- and our registration right same-day
registration right yeah there were there
were six thousand people did same-day
registration on Election Day
and he lost the state by three thousand
votes in Kelly Ayotte the Republican
senator lost her Senate seat by a
thousand votes and according to New
Hampshire law you have six months after
you vote in a say has a same-day
registered to transfer your driver's
license and and they the Secretary of
State's office in New Hampshire did it
did a study and of the 6000 people who
took ballots under the same day
registration law only a thousand up and
re-register
so that's Wow
that you know he the election probably
was stolen from him it was definitely
stolen from Kelly Ayotte and he's very
disturbed about that and he keeps trying
every time I talked to him since the
election he's he's brought up New
Hampshire and I'll bet he you know I'll
bet he's still thinking about it
that's so interesting because from the
Michael Wolfe book you say oh he doesn't
care he was just joking he didn't really
want to win but when you talk to people
who know the guy who have spoken to him
about it he's tracking everything and I
would not be surprised at all people
have no idea of what it's like on the
ground I have seen buses of voters come
in across state lines I see these things
happen at polling places and the
Democrats are just better at it than we
are and speaking of another aspect of
the Democrat political establishment
let's forget about Hillary for a second
or hopefully forever
I see right in the book about the
mainstream media's incestuous
relationship with Democrats and it's
even more shocking than I had realized
and I spent half of my life harping on
the mainstream media but the
relationships you describe are
staggering how against Trump was the
deck stacked in 2016 it was totally
stacked you see the the surveys they do
every once in a while you know how many
positive stories versus negative stories
against and it's over 90% negative but I
think the problem Michael is that when I
was coming up in the main mainstream
media what you did was you started out
you know whether you were in TV or
newspapers which I was in both you
started out at like a regional newspaper
or a regional TV station and you worked
your way up to a major market but now as
I as I said in the as I said and what
really happened the way you move up now
is you're a Democrat operative and
that's these most of these people that
are that are you know you see on the
cable news shows have never been
reporters they've never covered a fire
they never covered the police beat they
never cover the County Commissioners
look at look at him you have you have
Stephanopoulos Clinton spokesman you
have a Jake Tapper
he was a he worked for Chelsea Clinton's
mother-in-law was a congressman and her
husband
Prison Bank he was a congressman to
still owes ten million dollars he hasn't
made restitution for you have Chuck Todd
from my NBC he he was a he was a
spokesman for a Tom Harkin one of the
still at the Stolen Valor senator from
from Iowa and claimed he was a combat
pilot in Vietnam he was a pilot but just
on cargo planes I mean these these
people you know I guess Tim Russert and
Chris Matthew started the trend right
you know they weren't they were both
aides to Democrat politicians Matthews
to Tip O'Neill the speaker and and
Russert to Daniel Patrick Moynihan but
that's that's the way you move on and
they're also they're always then that
all of them are so married into it there
I could just go on for an hour just
talking about all the people who were
married in Reger his wife right she was
always representing the Clinton aides
right she was representing all the
people in the email the email scandal
and she got the ball you know when
grants of immunity as a Savannah Guthrie
is married to what I think when I Al
Gore's people and it just and Christiane
Amanpour was married to the James Rubin
the Clinton State Department spokesman
it's just it just goes on and on and on
and look at a Chelsea Clinton gets the
job at NBC and the most highly paid
internship in the history of the world
right $600,000 $600,000 did she she's
the only intern Michael who ever had her
own producer you know I clearly was
doing internships wrong I really should
have demanded more in my negotiations
one title I want to ask your bet at
chapter four you titled never complain
never explain why is that well that's it
that's an old saying from a boston Mayor
James Michael Curley and that's about
that's what he always said you know
never respond to criticism and I used
that one
I was with Trump on on going up to a
rally in Bangor Maine because he again
he for someone who didn't know didn't
want to win the presidency he knew how
Maine operated they separate the
congressional districts in the electoral
college vote so he knew he couldn't take
southern Maine but he could take
northern Maine and he did so he was kept
going back to Bangor and northern Maine
at central Maine that the campaign so I
went with him one day for Boston to
campaign in Bangor and and I said I
decided I was gonna get a good response
from the crowd so it was being live
streamed it was on cable TV so I said
and you know our senator in
Massachusetts Elizabeth Warren and so so
like two minutes later I'm walking off
the stage and one of trumps eight says
they're already coming after you how he
shows me on his cell phone
they're already attacking me on Politico
and everything was a joke because I mean
how could it be racist she's not an
Indian she's a white person masquerading
as a Native American so I didn't really
care but so I we were ready we were we
were on the plane back to New York after
the rally and I you know I told Trump
what had happened that he said and he
said to me whatever you do how we don't
apologize
don't apologize he said remember Jimmy
the Greek he was doing okay till they
said he was sorry then it was like that
that's right I know I told them about
the quote from James Michael Curley
never complain never explain I like that
you're quoting Curley and trump is
quoting Jimmy the Greek it's a beautiful
image I have one last question before we
let you go I know we're on a tight time
limit here Trump 2020 there's no Hillary
to save us from will Trump be able to
muster the same coalition to defeat
whichever other old geriatric socialist
they drum up or is the Trump victory
primarily about saving America from
Hillary Clinton I don't know the answer
to that question Michael I said in the
at the end of my book but that I didn't
know if he if he's like a one-off can't
a guy like
like a Julian the apostate you know the
Roman Emperor Emperor he was the last
pagan Empire Emperor his parents were
Christians he tried to bring it back and
he was the one guy or Oliver Cromwell
you know in the New Model Army it was a
you know he seemed to be a game changer
until he wasn't a game changer I don't
know how it's gonna play out I I
certainly hope he gets another four
years because you know that that's he
needs that to you know to even begin to
drain the deeps the swamp and the deep
state of course well one hopes that he
can pivot I you know luckily with the
Democrats we can always count on them to
shoot themselves in the foot so maybe
they'll run an even more unlikable
desiccated socialistic candidate next
time they just have to say I suggest I
really hope they pick up picked this up
that Howie Carr has endorsed the
Democrat nominee Elizabeth folk ohonta
sly owatta Warren for president Howie
Carr thank you so much for being here
listen to his show buy this book it is
so enjoyable I promise it is gonna be
the most enjoyable reading you do for a
while what really happened how Donald J
Trump saved America from Hillary Clinton
Howie I'll talk to you soon thank you
Michael Knowles I appreciate it
oh he's so diplomatic isn't he just the
UH unbelievable we really clearly had a
melding of the minds I should have put
on my Pocahontas dress and then we
really could have come together Howie
Carr so that's all the good stuff about
Donald Trump it does remind me it does
warm the cockles of my heart not the
cuckolds the cockles of my heart to
think about how what he saved us from
because it really would have been awful
Hillary Clinton was campaigning on
gutting the first and second amendments
those were separate tabs on her campaign
website so there is all that now we've
got to talk about how awful this budget
is I try to defend the president here
I'm a member of a team I'm on the
Republican team Donald Trump has done
great work so I give him more grace than
I would give to Liz Warren Pocahontas or
whatever this budget is a really really
bad we're going to talk about how bad it
is but out of deference to my party and
president we're gonna do it
to the paywall we have to talk about
that I also have to talk about John
Bolton what a wonderful amazing
appointment this is and why people get
him totally wrong they treat him like a
caricature we'll delve a little bit more
into John Bolton but if you were on
Facebook and YouTube you're not on
youtube but if you're on Facebook go to
daily wire.com right now then you hear
the whole thing what do you get for $10
a month $100 annual membership you get
me you get the under Clavin show you get
the Ben Shapiro show you have to ask
questions in the mailbag now everybody
can listen to the mailbag but only
subscribers can ask the questions many
are called but few are chosen
same thing with the conversation you're
gonna have questions in the conversation
next up I believe is the Supreme Lord of
the multiverse himself Andrew Clavin you
get all of that but none of that really
matters which you really need is the
leftist tears tumblr now obviously I -
parked outside in Manhattan you know the
leftist tears are just constantly
flowing they reminds me I lived in
Manhattan during Hurricane sandy reminds
me a lot like that so I've got two
parked out there so I can ride it all
the way back down to the financial
district where I'm staying in the meet
you have to go get that I also would
like to put in one little plug because
we're here at National Review they've
been very nice to us the William F
Buckley Jr program at Yale is hosting
the dis invitation dinner they do this
dinner every year where they take some
speaker who's been disinvited from a
college campus and they give him a
speech to to give it is a really
wonderful dinner I was I think the first
fellow of the bill buckley program at
Yale or in the first year of student
fellows it's a wonderful program one of
the few things that is pushing
intellectual diversity on college
campuses I can't speak highly enough of
it that dinner is going to be addressed
by charles murray this year charles
murray is wonderful so that will be
wednesday april 18th that will be at the
Metropolitan Club in New York City a
black-tie optional it's gonna be super
chic so if you're interested check it
out at the Buckley program reach out to
them it is a wonderful event if I can be
in town I certainly will be attending it
myself okay go to daily wire comm we'll
be right back to talk about all the bad
Trump
I try to resist this the best I could
you know Ben does the good Trump bad
Trump thing I really try to resist that
I am a partisan he is my guy I really
want to defend him this budget is so
terrible this budget is so phenomenally
terrible I can't get over it in the past
we know that Donald Trump is called for
budgets that will end the tiger program
a grants for transportation projects
from the Obama stimulus that will end
arpa-e an Obama era energy energy
research agency that ends the cdbg which
is an urban slush fund the CBGB I don't
know the ABCD efg all of these agencies
all of this constant funding he said we
got to slash that we got to cut that we
need to fund the wall Mexico is gonna
pay for it will build this big wall we
need
twenty three billion dollars to build
the wall what happened in the actual
budget triples the funding for Tiger
doubles the CDBG it boosts or PE budgets
it increases the energy department
renewables budget by 14% the Energy
Department should not exist the this way
I believe this was the department that
Rick Perry forgot the name of that he
was going to cut this department should
not exist we should be slashing its
funding we're now increasing its
renewables budget 14% it increases non
military spending sixty three billion
dollars we should be slashing
non-military spending there's no cut in
funding to sanctuary cities as was
promised and threatened
there are no new detention facilities
for illegal aliens it doesn't eliminate
the National Endowment for the Arts or
the National Endowment for the
Humanities as Donald Trump promised not
that I think we need to end those things
I don't really care it's not a lot of
money but doesn't do it doesn't cut Pell
grants doesn't cut Head Start the Obama
education program doesn't cut funding to
the NIH National Institutes of Health or
the CDC Center for Disease Control both
of which are extraordinarily wasteful
and get involved in things that they
have no business being involved in it
even maintained the EPA's level of
funding the EPA villain number one
discovered has done a great job at that
agency slashing the bureaucracy but
they're maintaining their funding which
is outrageous because they're cutting
their staff it
back a ban on the CDC researching guns
as a disease it actually there so right
now there's a ban the CDC can't research
guns as a disease because as you might
realize guns are not a disease they're
constitutionally protected civil right
the Democrats have always want to
research them as a disease because they
they want to pretend that every terrible
thing they don't like you know freedom
liberty defense of our civil rights that
that's a disease somehow well too bad
it's gonna roll back that and we don't
get anything in return the freedom
caucus said okay we'll roll back that
provision as long as we can get
reciprocity for concealed carry
throughout the states did we get that
absolutely not this bill this omnibus
budget strengthens gun background checks
because I get whatever I mean we have
strong background checks already and the
government just fails to do its job and
in some cases like the shooting in
Florida the school district
intentionally tries to hide all of the
warning signs and in the case of the
federal government Barack Obama used
that district as an example of how we
should stop disciplining people there
are a lot of gun was on the books tens
of thousands of gun laws on the books
already but okay he's gonna strengthen
background checks for what reason I have
absolutely no idea
it gives six billion dollars to the
National Science Foundation I know these
things all sound nice I have a lot of
graduate student friends a lot of people
who are in grad school
the NSF is mostly a scam the NSF as
reason magazine has pointed out fun
studies on how sea monkeys swim in
formation on to teach land monkeys how
to gamble they've run shrimp on
treadmills and watching humans play
farmville those are some of the studies
that your tax dollars are funding at the
NSF really they're just funding grad
students who want to get free money and
those are the sort of things that
they're seeing
Planned Parenthood is funded for some
reason no idea why they just did it
now I understand maybe it's hard to
defund Planned Parenthood maybe you need
to get some concession from the other
side you're willing to negotiate what
negotiation what art of the deal this
budget is terrible it's hard to blame
the congressman here because no person
has read this 2,000 page bill nobody has
read it whatsoever ran
all tweeted at a picture of him holy
they took him ten hours to print it or
something like that and no one has read
it the president hasn't read it no
member of Congress has read it Trump
actually says he hates the budget he
said don't ever send me another one like
this again but he signed it anyway he
said it was a matter of national
security military funding is a matter of
national security but what about the art
of the deal come on man this if we lose
the house I wish I'm not I'm actually
not predicting but history would tell us
that there's a very good chance we're
going to lose the house if we lose the
house then have we just squandered our
opportunity here very frustrating that's
the bad there is some good stuff in this
budget not enough to make up for the bad
but at hikes defense spending 10% I
suppose that's fine 2.6 percent military
pay raise fine by me
1.6 billion dollars for border security
I guess that's good but that money
explicitly cannot be spent on the wall
the wall is going to cost 23 billion
dollars that's what Trump requested so
far we have zero dollars allocated for
that and 1.6 billion dollars for border
security that's a drop in the bucket
there was a six percent cut in foreign
aid and other State Department programs
good that's a start
it's less than the 25 percent we were
promised but well that's fine it mixed
some slush money for new york new york
city gateway rail tunnel project that's
not in okay
there's no amnesty for illegal aliens
good and it doesn't stabilize Obama care
which was a real risk that that would
make it into the budget it didn't okay
that that legitimately is a win very
very frustrating very frustrating so
shoot is it time to turn on Trump that's
the quest is it time for conservatives
to turn on Trump no the answer is no it
isn't I it's easy to get emotional about
these these single issues this is a lot
of spending it a lot of things that we
were hoping for it didn't happen but a
lot of things don't happen in the first
year of a presidency the first two years
in a president say you can't do
everything and I am reminded of the
Heritage Foundation which shows that
Donald Trump has completed two-thirds of
its agenda and says it's he's completing
at a faster rate than even Ronald Reagan
did now you might say Ronald Reagan had
a Democrat Congress that's true you
might say Donald Trump has more
to run up against an any president in
modern history and they're throwing
spaghetti at the wall that March for our
lives the women's March the stormy
Daniels interview for some reason all
they're throwing everything they can at
this guy it's totally incoherent it's
just cuz they hate him 91% to 93% of
mainstream media coverage of Donald
Trump is negative there's a federal
bureaucracies and activists within the
Democratic Party were trying to under
undermine this president who have been
trying to deal ahjumma's this president
from day one okay that's fine there's a
lot of excuses
I hope Donald Trump is right I hope he's
right he says I'll never sign a bill
like this again is he can't hold us
forever
you cannot hold us forever I mean this
is a signaling that we need to
strengthen gun control laws and we need
to fund all of these agencies not good
stuff it's really not good stuff I'm
still willing to give him the benefit of
the doubt because is that we talked
about with Howie things are a lot better
than they would have been and they're a
lot better than any other Republican who
somehow miraculously would have been
elected they're better probably than we
would have seen there but that rope
doesn't go on forever I mean you can't
there cannot be another bill like this
so we'll see now on the same day that
they announced this omnibus bill Donald
Trump appointed John Bolton to be the
national security adviser and I think he
did this just to make me feel happier I
think he did this for conservatives who
were gonna be so angry about this awful
budget they said okay I got to give him
something let's fire mcmaster hired John
Bolton if you're unfamiliar with John
Bolton here's just a little tour of who
he is the point that I want to leave
with you in this very brief presentation
is where I started is there is no United
Nations there is an international
community that occasionally can be led
by the only real power left in the world
and that's the United States when it
suits our interests and when we can get
others to go along that precarious
building in New York has 38 stories if
you lost 10 stories today it would
make a bit of difference the United
States makes the UN work when it wants
it to work and that is exactly the way
it should be because the only questions
only questions the United States is
what's in our national interest and if
you don't like that I'm sorry that that
is the fact yeah John Bolton pop god
bless america what a great he that is
such moral clarity people are trotting
this clip out and they're saying see
he's crazy he's unhinged that is such
moral clarity there is no such thing as
the United Nations there is no such of
all of us coming together in holding
hands there is one moral leader in this
entire world and that's the United
States of America
the most moral the most generous the
most prosperous the freest country in
the history of the world and then there
are a lot of other people and they don't
all play by our rules and they done and
it's not like they're all happy-go-lucky
and trying to help out one another
they're all bombing each other and
trying to do horrible things the United
States can exert moral leadership when
it serves our interests people on the
right the left is trying to gin up anger
on the right against john bolton and
martin mark my words it is people on the
Left who we're doing this
the voxcom ran an article why
conservatives are very angry about john
bolton Washington Post is feeding these
sort of things but when was the last
time you you knew what conservatives
wanted Vox how did you what we what made
you the spokesman for conservatives in
America what they're trying to do is
paint him as a neocon a neoconservative
you know those guys who want to spread
democracy abroad and they get a little
too abstract and all of those things
because he worked for George W Bush and
his administration was largely
neoconservative interested in spreading
democracy abroad wilsonian in its
foreign outlook john bolton is not a
neocon he's not a neoconservative he's
not interested in spraying democracy
abroad as a good above all other goods
are good in itself he's interested as he
just said as he said about the United
Nations in the strategic interests of
the United States what serves our
interest that's what we will do and it
will and coincidentally it will be good
for the rest of the world it's a
caricature to call him a neoconservative
I must say a little bit of disclosure I
am friends with the Bolton family and I
but I've admired the guy before we were
friends and
and I really like them personally I got
to meet him in DC one time years and
years ago and he's one of the smartest
people I've met in Washington you could
you can ask him to talk about I don't
know Afghanistan and he'll just
monologue he'll just go he's so
supremely knowledgeable you will not
find anyone in DC who says that he isn't
knowledgeable by the way the UN he had a
lot of accomplishments there's this
caricature that he's never seen a
country doesn't want to bomb because he
suggests that pre-emptive war is not a
terrible idea
which obviously it isn't it's a
perfectly reasonable idea but at the UN
he had a lot of accomplishments he
created a new partnership partnership
with Interpol to strengthen sanctions
against al-qaeda he got the Security
Council to adopt sanctions against those
individuals who contributed to the
genocide in Darfur he lifted sanctions
against Liberia to help a president
s-see relief after the brutal reign of
that country's previous leader he was
closely involved in diplomatic efforts
in Burma Burundi and Congo he pushed
Ethiopia and Eritrea to accept
international efforts in those countries
he was diplomatic but strong on
preventing Iran from enriching uranium
and as tensions with North Korea are
reaching a fever pitch
seems no coincidence that just now John
Bolton is being named NSA he was very
strong on North Korea very tough cold
called him like he saw him and said that
it's a mass murderous hellish regime by
the way the North Koreans Kim jong-il at
that time said that John Bolton was a
bloodsucker
they called him a bunch of other names
too so you can see the the Vox doesn't
like him the Washington Post doesn't
like him and the Kim dynasty in North
Korea doesn't like him and then good
conservatives do like John Bolton should
tell you a lot about what you need to
know in that case he speaks very bluntly
he takes America's strategic interests
at heart and Donnell and it's very good
to have that voice in the ear of the
president that is a move to the right
and it's a little different from what
Trump talked about on the campaign trail
but that is all right by me and I'll
leave on a high note
because this budget was so depressing
but there is at least a glimmer of hope
there we'll see what happens with it
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Nolt show come back tomorrow I'll
probably be in some other cavern
somewhere in New York we'll do it all
again
you
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex Zingaro
audio is mixed by mike core amina
hair and makeup is by Jeshua of era
copyright for word publishing 2018
