from the Umayyad invasion of Tours in
732 through the Isis bombing of Paris
just a few years ago the West has faced
a lot of violence from the religion of
peace we are joined today by brigitte
gabriel author of they must be stopped
why we must defeat radical islam and how
we can do it she will discuss her
first-hand account growing up in the
midst of the Lebanese civil war and the
devastation that that religious ideology
has wrought on her own life and those of
her family and friends then the mailbag
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Noel's show
my guest today Brigitte Gabriel was born
in Lebanon to a Maronite Christian
family during the Lebanese civil war
Islamic militants destroyed her home and
injured a ten-year-old Brigitte she
relates that she and her parents were
forced to live underground in an 8 by 10
foot bomb shelter for seven years
without electricity water plumbing or
very much food she had to crawl in
roadside ditches to gather water while
avoiding Muslim snipers eventually an
explosion caused Brigitte and her family
to become trapped in the shelter for two
days before they were rescued by three
Christian militia fighters one of whom
was later killed by a landmine her
family was ultimately saved when the
Israeli army invaded Lebanon in 1978
Brigitte runs act for America a group
dedicated to fighting radical Islam for
that effort lefty groups like the
Southern Poverty Law Center and the New
York Times have condemned Brigitte as
hateful and Islamophobic she is also the
author of they must be stopped why we
must defeat radical Islam and how we can
do it
Brigitte thank you for being here oh I'm
so excited to be with you Michael what a
great opportunity Islamophobia Brigitte
I suppose in your case that would be the
not just the irrational fear of having
your head chopped off the irrational
fear of reality of being shot or bombed
by the Islamic militants who ravaged
your family and childhood and murdered
most of your childhood friends how
irrational are you and Islamophobe I am
NOT in Istanbul so but I do have a
rational fear of terrorists who are
threatening to blow us all up who are
committing terrorist attacks across the
world whether in Europe or in the United
States I know what's at stake and as a
as a terrorism analyst I listen to
chatter i infiltrate the stomach and
terrorists chat rooms I know what
they're talking and when you understand
that you are dealing with an enemy bent
on attacking you on killing as many of
you as possible your fear is justified
but I do not let my fear stop me from
doing whatever I have to do to protect
our country and sound the alarm and as
you alluded earlier Michael I mean I
was raised as a child understanding what
it's like to be raised in in the
majority Muslim Middle East as a
minority Christian and the price I paid
for that your opinion of Islam was
mainstream in the West from the Battle
of Tours in 732 through at least the
publication of Hilaire Belloc great era
sees as you point out really up until
the 1970s or so how did the West get so
Islamophobia phobic well yeah the West
only after 9/11 started to realize what
we are dealing with then even though
during 9/11 a lot of people thought oh
these are just a handful of crazies that
does not represent what's happening
around the world and what we have
realized is that right now we are seeing
radical Islam spreading worldwide so
whether you are in America or in Europe
have you seen your follow the news in
Europe Europe is gone when you look at
what's happening on Australia in Canada
so when you look across every continent
across the globe right now every
continent is dealing with the same
problem and that is the rise of radical
Islamic terrorism and its radical
Islamic terrorism it's not Buddhist
terrorism it's not Jewish terrorism it's
not Hindi terrorism it is Islamic
terrorism so the West right now is
justified when you watch television and
we hear Isis or before Isis it was Al
Qaeda is showing press releases saying
that they are going to come after the
West that they want to establish a
caliphate
that Islam should rule the earth and
they are following on their threats and
it's about time we and the West start
listening to them and I believe in the
West a lot of people and obviously the
polls are showing that people are
starting to listen to our enemy and
realize that they actually mean what
they say
speaking of loving the West I want to
ask you more about this the West's
reaction what's happening right now what
has just changed but because we love the
West we need to bring in a little
capitalism here and keep the lights on
in the studio and that's why I need to
talk to everybody about a new and
wonderful sponsor that we have which is
wink what I have been waiting for this
sponsor for a very long time I know
they're all the sponsors are great they
help keep the lights on but me my hands
get a little shaky around this time of
day
sometimes you just need a little
something to take the
and obviously Ben hasn't paid me in
months and months so it's always good to
get a few free bottles of wine that I
can get good practice for when he
inevitably throws me out of here and
maybe that'll be a little something that
I can take with me wink is wonderful one
one thing that's difficulty when you're
selecting wine and one thing that's a
little bit difficult is that nobody
knows anything about wine and everyone
pretends to so they say oh yes it's got
hints of alcohol in it mmm yeah it
tastes a lot like grapes mmm yeah yeah
but you don't really know which is why
it's very nice to have someone guide you
through that process what wink does is
make it a lot easier to discover great
wine they the wine experts at wink will
match wines to your taste personalize
them for you ship them right to your
door starting at just $13 a bottle
look there in the old days I would drink
whatever they call a two buck chuck and
whatever whatever stuff they had on the
clearance rack life is too short folks
life is too short for disgusting wine
you need you come on
treat yourself have some good wine
especially when you can get a very good
deal on it starting at just $13 a bottle
there is nothing like coming home to a
delicious
Wenck wine selected just for you it will
be the best day of your month just fill
out Winx palate profile quiz answer
simple questions that your average store
clerk wouldn't ask or translate into a
recommendation some questions on this
profile you know I took mine a little
while ago it they'll say how do you like
your coffee or do you how do you use
salt how do you use things that you
wouldn't it isn't just like hey how much
do you want to drink a lot okay that's
how I would answer they were much more
attuned into your taste palate so if I
go to the wine store I see a gazillion
wines I don't know what to get a wink
will make that so much easier for you
they send you wines curated to your
taste the more wines you rate the more
personalized your monthly selections
become each month there are new
delicious wines for instance the very
popular summer water rose a I once had a
good conservative friend of mine try to
convince me that Rose a is really the
most masculine of wines because it hides
its fortitude behind a patina of
lightness and levity that might be true
or not I've
certainly like a good rose a each month
new delicious wines will be sent to you
no membership fees as there you can skip
any month you can cancel anytime it's
all up to you you're not going to get
roped into something that you don't want
it is all exactly however much you want
and what you want shipping is covered
and if you don't like a bottle they send
you they will replace it with a bottle
that you will love no questions asked
don't say I never did nothing for you
discover great wine today go to try wink
comm slash Noel's canna wles
you'll get $20 off your first shipment
that is tri wink t ry wi n c tri wink
it's like wine ink tri wink comm slash
nulls k no wles for $20 off try wink
comm slash Noel's let's get back into it
you right Brigitte in they must be
stopped
you're right quote Westerners do not
understand Middle Eastern culture its
religion Islam and how Islam as a
political and religious ideology drives
and impacts every aspect of the culture
and its people
Westerners come from a judeo-christian
background where the teaching of faith
centers on love tolerance and
forgiveness they do not understand that
the sword of Islam so glamorized on film
represents hatred intolerance murder and
the subjugation of anyone not Muslim
that seems a little harsh
no yeah you know I spent a weekend in
Beirut a couple years ago I had a lovely
time very nice people
you of course spent an entire childhood
outside of that cosmopolitan city what
did you observe growing up in Lebanon
that we are missing in the West well I'm
gonna start with the Arab nation
treatment of the Jewish population
immediately after the State of Israel
got its independence when we talked in
the West about the radicalization of
these new groups like Al Qaeda or Al
Isis it's only a radical minority most
people are not learning history or
paying attention to history almost 1
million Jews were expelled out of Arab
land immediately after Israel was
declared the state most people were put
on buses and set on fire as they were
playing Jews now these people were being
expelled by their own
government by their own neighbors by
their own friends by their own
countrymen we as minorities in the
Middle East understand what it's like to
be a minority in the sea of a large
Islamic Middle East
Lebanon used to be the only majority
Christian country in the Middle East we
were open-minded we were tolerant we
were fair we had open border policy we
welcome to everyone into our country
because we wanted to share with them the
westernization which we had created in
the heart of the Middle East Muslims
used to send their children to study in
our universities because we had built
the best universities in the Middle East
their kids graduated and worked in our
economy because we had built the best
economy in the Middle East even though
we did not have any oil Bayreuth became
Paris of the Middle East unfortunately
all that began to change as the Muslims
became the majority and we Christian
became the minority and once the call of
war was declared the calm jihad and that
happened because of the influx of the
Palestinians when Jordan expelled them
and Lebanon being a fair and open and
open minded intolerant country it was
the only country that accepted the third
wave of Palestinian refugees which most
of the Arabic countries did not want
them there were majority Muslims and we
the Christian accepted them once the
Palestinians came in they put their
heads together with the Muslims in
Lebanon and they have become the
majority and we the minority and that's
when they declared war basically on
Lebanon what they tried to do is
basically create a base from which to
fight Israel kill the Jews and throw
them into the sea something they tried
to do in Jordan but failed because of
the dictatorship of the King in a Muslim
country but they were able to do that in
Lebanon taking care of taking advantage
of our democracy and open mindedness so
I saw it up close and personal what
happens to minorities in the Middle East
whether you are a Christian whether you
are a Jew whether you are a sed I mean
look what Isis did today Aziz whether
you are occurred it doesn't matter so my
story is just a small example of what's
happening all across the Middle East to
the
denominations and different groups who
happen not to be Islamic Israel is a
good place to enter into this topic too
because our own politicians in the West
seem to blame us for Islamic terror
attacks on us Barack Obama prattles on
in total ignorance about the Crusades
the Gulf Wars and then of course the
activists left blames Israel now the
Israeli army from what I read saved your
mother's life how did the reality of
Israel contradict the propaganda that
you grew up with oh my goodness when I
was 10 years old
Islamists blew up my home bringing it
down burning me under the rubble wounded
I ended up in a hospital for two and a
half months and later ended up living in
a bomb shelter underground without
electricity water and very little food
as you mentioned in the introduction we
thought the world is gonna come save us
we thought you know America all the
Christian countries are gonna hear
what's happening to the Christians in
Lebanon the slaughter is the massacre
and they're gonna come save us and we
waited and we waited and nobody came and
meanwhile Islamic radicals that combined
forces of Palestinians and Muslims and
they were all Muslims started massacring
the Christians and killing the
Christians I come from a town in
southern Lebanon and we knew what our
faith was going to be because we heard
what's happening to the rest of the
Christians in Lebanon our back was to
Israel I lived five kilometers from the
Israeli border so a few people from my
town decided to go to Israel to the
border and beg for help because they
knew that if we go to the Jews and beg
for help the Jews are not going to
slaughter us because we had more shared
values with them than we had with the
Muslims so a few people from my town
went to Israel and begged for help and
Israel started coming in the middle of
the night bringing in ammunition for the
military bringing in food for the
military food for the children even bomb
shelters for those who did not have bomb
shelters and this is how we survived for
another three years I remember at the
age of 13 years old three years of our
ordeal and the only way we're surviving
is because the Israeli army is basically
protecting us and sending ammunition in
the middle of the night and training the
Christians how to fight so we can stay
alive
I remember Michael at the age of 13
dressing in my burial clothes because we
heard that we were gonna be attacked
that night and a friend of ours stopped
by and he said Bridget if I don't see
you tomorrow I wish you a merciful death
and he gave me a hug and left and I
remember dressing and my Easter dress my
Sunday best because I wanted to look
pretty when I am dead knowing that when
they come to slaughter me there would be
no one to bury me and I remember crying
begging my mother I don't want to die
I'm only 13 years old and there was
nothing my mother could say to me and I
remember sitting in the corner of our
bomb shelter we had a ceasefire for two
hours and my father started praying from
Psalms we held hand that my father
started praying I shall walk into the
valley of death and fear no evil for
thou art with me
and my parents said to me when they come
to slaughter us tonight we will create a
distraction we want you to run towards
Israel and never look back
we are old you are a young child just
run towards Israel thank God I did not
have to make that difficult decision
that night because that's the night when
Israel came in physically into Lebanon
and established security zone around our
homes to make sure we are protected that
the Palestinians and Muslims will not be
able to come into our town and slaughter
us and this is how we ended up surviving
another five years and at the end of the
fifth that the five years it was seven
years in the bomb shelter so far
Ezreal invaded Lebanon working with the
Christians in Lebanon trying to help
them take back their democracy because
by that time we had 11 Islamic terrorist
organizations operating out of Lebanon
including the PLO so Israel invaded
Lebanon working with the Christians
through hoping to establish peace with
the Christians in Lebanon and kicked out
the radical Islamic element and that's
when my mother became wounded by a
Muslim shell exploding in front of our
bomb shelter and we had to take her to
Israel for treatment that really was the
turning point in my life for my mother
it was a life-saving experience for me
it was a life-changing experience of
course how could it not be and and yet
now you as you relate what happened to
you is
relate these horrors that you suffered
as a child and into adulthood you are
scolded by white liberals in the West
and saying oh how dare you how dare you
don't know you don't really know about
what it's like in Lebanon you don't
really know youryour hate mongerer
you're giving out hate speech how do you
respond to these white lefties who are
accusing you ignorant ly accusing you of
hate speech for just recounting your own
experience as a child
exactly recounting my own experience
Michael I still walk around with
shrapnel in my bone I look at my scars
when I take a shower in the morning
those are the scars that will be with me
until the day I die
as a mark of evil of hatred I understand
what happens when people turn a blind
eye to evil thinking it's not gonna
happen to me it's all the way over there
let them all kill each other who cares I
come from over there when I was a
ten-year-old child people said let him
kill each other nobody cares what's
happening over there I was the over
there I am now in America
I am the Anne Frank who lived to tell
about it
if Anne Frank was alive and she lived
don't you think she would be fighting
against Nazism and any sign of Nazism
and warning the world if she saw signs
that she recognized as a child I am the
Anne Frank who lived to tell about it
and right now the my Nazism my Islamic
radicalism that I suffered through when
I was a child is now a plague inflicting
the world whether it is in Australia or
America or Israel or any other place in
the world right now what affected me
that evil that left me as a child is now
attacking the world and I believe it is
my duty it is the duty of every person
who loves peace to stand up and say we
come together with peaceful Muslims with
peaceful people from all religions and
all backgrounds who want to make the
world a better place for our children
and for ourselves and their descendants
we want to leave the world better than
what than the way we received it those
people we embrace
we welcome we work with but if you do
not stand up against evil that says
something about you and unfortunately
today Michael we are being vilified for
standing up against evil the world is
turned upside down but we cannot allow
people to silence us I was I just came
from Israel last night I was in Israel
for the last 12 days and I met with
members of the Knesset I met with
members of the IDF I was actually on top
on the rooftop of the idea of
headquarters in Tel Aviv and I recorded
videos in Arabic targeted towards the
Arabic world speaking to them and saying
let's have peace together enough of the
hatred enough of the killing Israel is a
peaceful nation who wants nothing but
peace with its Arab neighbors join us
let's work together towards peace how
can anybody label someone like me as a
hate monger and by the way here I was on
the border with Lebanon and I as a
Lebanese was looking at my home across
the border and I couldn't even Drive
five minutes to be able to visit my home
of birth and take my children to see
where I come from because Hezbollah
wants my head on a platter simply
because I want peace with the State of
Israel
well this it's why I'll bring up making
fun of the white liberals here because
it seems so morally backward and so
absurd be they're confusing this
question of race with a question of
religion with a question of ideas the
Left calls disagreement with Islam
racist they call you a racist
even though you're the same race as as
all of these people Arabic but you just
was written I don't even need it
translated copy from care in order for
me to understand Islam you can read it
in the original language you can post
videos in that language the the left
seems to equate religion with race
because but race is it inborn religion
is a set of ideas and clearly we think
those ideas are wrong if we thought
those ideas were right we would be
Muslims if anybody thought those ideas
would
they would become Muslims but they're
not how do we explain to people that
Islam is not a race that religion is a
matter of ideas and we can disagree over
ideas without having racial bigotry
Islam is not a race Islam is a religion
and people who follow the religion of
Islam are from all over the globe just
like Christianity I mean there are black
Christians and a and Nairobi they are in
Nigeria there are black Christians in
Africa they are blond Christians in
Switzerland people come from all shapes
and colors who follow a religion we have
to differentiate between people and
between religion and the Islamic world
you have people who speak Arabic who
come from all over the world look we
have Louis Farrakhan and the Nation of
Islam in the United States how many
black Americans can speak Arabic or read
the Quran in Arabic I mean let's face
reality but they follow Islam as a
religion and again not all Muslims are
radical there are a lot of Muslim
peaceful Muslims so then I'm going to
have anything to do with radicalism look
at my national conference that act for
America's national conference last year
so we had rahael Raza who is actually a
practicing Muslim she's a Sunni her
husband and Shiite and they called their
children sushi so you know yeah people
like her who when I have nothing to do
with radical Islam they actually condemn
it yet she is also condemned and she is
called a racist even though she's a
Pakistani with brown skin so this is why
we cannot allow ourselves to stop and
listen to anybody who wants to criticize
us I tell our people focus on the end
goal if you have to stop and answer
every dog that barks you will never
reach your destination
so don't let barking dogs stop you from
reaching your end destination focus on
the end this is exactly why Michael I
started act for America a CT of our
america.org act for America we are the
largest national security grassroots
organization in the country we have
almost a million members we
have 1000 chapters nationwide we have
been able to pass almost 100 bills
nationwide 13 bills in Congress and I
over 80 bills in 32 states across the
country to protect the nation so I
encourage those who are listening right
now join us so together we can make a
one mega voice in defense of our country
go to our website at four america.org
and join us as an activist so the
chapter as a chapter president we have
to come together and work together
regardless what the left says we cannot
let the left dictate the destiny of our
nation because we are too busy answering
them and started marching forward to
protect our country for our children I
also really like that line of yours do
not let barking dogs stop you on your
way to your destination which I believe
is the new motto of United Airlines if
this is a recent change for that airline
I want to talk about radical Islam which
you bring up the difference between
radical Islam and run-of-the-mill Islam
American political leaders on both sides
of the aisle have seen fit to lecture
Islamic terrorists on the true nature of
Islam so George Bush famously called
Islam a religion of peace Barack Obama
said the same thing he said Islam
teaches peace Barack Obama refused even
to connect the religion with the
terrorist acts done in its name he
preferred euphemisms like extremism
although of course mother Teresa was an
extremist - and not all extremes are
created equal your book is titled how to
defeat radical Islam what is the
difference between radical Islam and
regular old everyday Islam well I have a
chapter in the book titled purest drink
there Islam straight and I talked about
the ideology of Islam and I talked about
what the religion itself says and what
the ideology is all about and I
differentiate between the two
for example Islam is a religion is a
political movement cloack than religion
Islam is not like Judaism and
Christianity Islam is a political
movement so the ideology itself is a
very violent bloodthirsty ideology
supremacist ideology that was
to subjugate everybody who's non-muslim
I mean let's face it the Islamic empire
ruled for 1,400 years by the time the
Islamic empire ended 217 million people
across the globe have been killed by
Islam radical Islam but Islam the
ideology because unless you are a people
of the book basically Christians and
Jews where you become second-class
citizens if you do not want to convert
anything else like Buddhists Hindus
everybody else where you either become a
Muslim or you die so the ideology itself
is very strict very violent very
bloodthirsty now a lot of Muslims don't
even understand their religion have
never read their religion but they like
the structure of something spiritual you
know I like to pray five times a day I
like you know to go to mosque on Friday
you know do good with God but they do
not understand their religion they like
the structure of it like the majority of
African Americans in the United States
who call themselves Muslims but they
don't really understand what Islam went
with the Syria and hadith and the Koran
basically teach Isis understands exactly
their religion al-qaeda understands
exactly their religion so for example
when I when President Obama would talk
about Albert daddy the head of Isis that
he doesn't understand what he's talking
about
Albert daddy has a PhD in Islamic
theology he graduated from the
University of Iraq with with a PhD in
Islamic you know what does that kind of
Barack Obama lifting in Tunisia for a
couple years so he's probably the expert
right absolutely absolutely so this is
what we're dealing with education in
America we have a very short span about
history so a lot of people in the West
also Michael do not want to understand
history do not want to read history it's
boring but this is why they say if you
do not learn from history you are doomed
to repeat it
that's right and we are seeing rise of
Islamic radicalism that Islamic
caliphate has already been established
and we better pay attention because when
you look at the Islamic history we're
seeing the same signs happen again you
know Ben did a video a few years ago
about the radical Muslim minority the
the which we hear Barack Obama talk
about all the time and just a few
statistics from this in Indonesia the
most
populous Muslim country in the world 200
million Muslims living there 50%
supports strict Sharia law 70 percent
blame the US and Israel for 9/11 in
Egypt 80 million Muslim 65 percent
supports strict Sharia law in every
Muslim country 70 percent have positive
or mixed feelings about Osama bin Laden
Bangladesh 149 million Muslims 25% think
suicide bombings and the targeting of
civilians is justified a full two-thirds
say that honor killings of women can be
justified in Turkey the most moderate
Muslim country a full 32 percent of
Muslims think honor killings of women
can be justified 78 percent of Iraqis
say honor killings of women can be
justified in France 35 percent of
Muslims say suicide bombings can be
justified in Britain 78 percent of
Muslims want cartoonists who draw
Mohammed to be prosecuted and finally in
the good old USA 13 percent of Muslims
think violence against civilians can be
justified almost 20% are favorably
disposed or neutral toward al-qaeda that
said the majority of victims of Muslim
terror around the world of course are
other Muslims how can we and maybe this
will be the the point we can close on
how can the West fight Islamic terror
without alienating all Muslims we have
to find Muslim terrorism and we have to
stand up for ourselves other Muslims
let me put it to you this way wherever
we have done in the last seven years in
trying to win them would love and
affection and show them how nice we are
and we're not against Islam anything
happens you see people in Afghanistan or
in Pakistan by the hundreds of thousands
taking to the street and miraculously
all of a sudden they all have American
flag and Israeli flags and they're
burning them and they are chanting death
to Israel that's to the United States so
this is what you are looking at these
are the peaceful majority they are
alienated regardless what we say they
are alienated by us simply because we
are infidels this is the reality this is
what I call the irrelevant Muslim
majority and I'm not sure if you saw a
clip by me I was asked one time by a
peaceful moderate student was was
actually a lobbyist in her mid 30s she
said well what about you know you're
painting all the religion was such a
broad brush you know what about the
moderate majority and I told her they
are irrelevant because when you look at
the lessons of history when you looked
at Germany for example most Germans were
peaceful yet yet it was the Nazis that
drove the agenda and as a result 70 60
million people worldwide died 14 million
in concentration camps almost 6 million
were Jews
the peaceful majority were irrelevant
when you look at Russia for example most
Russians were peaceful yet Russia was
able to kill twenty million people the
peaceful majority were irrelevant when
you look at China most Chinese who are
peaceful yet China was able to kill 17
million people the peaceful majority
were irrelevant when you look at Japan
same story both Japanese were peaceful
yet Japan was able to kill 12 million
people mostly killed with bayonets and
shovels the peaceful majority were
irrelevant and today when you look at
Islamic terrorism victims and I have to
disagree with everybody saying well the
majority of victims of Islamic terrorism
are Muslims not true when you look at
the people hundred thousand people died
in Lebanon as a result of the war in
love instruments right
murderers across the world look what's
happening and so then remember the
Sudanese my sector Savannah Congo four
million people massacred four million
and that's in the span of four years we
have not seen four million Muslims dead
in the last 16 years since 9/11 this is
a lie perpetrated by the leftist media
their reality is we as a judeo-christian
culture as a culture that is not Islamic
are being now attack because the
Islamists have declared war on us what
we have to do is recognize that they
have declared war on us they could care
less are saying well we don't want to
fight you
we're not at war with you that's
irrelevant to them what we need to focus
on is how we protect the other culture
our values our democracy our freedoms
attacked anybody who wants to erode
those freedoms until we win and they
lose and there's no other option and and
meanwhile as you say these things some
atheist university student in the middle
of Boston is going to say oh what does
she know what what is that racist know
what is that it's it's really powerful
testimony that you give and you're so
right people always they'll only focus
on Afghanistan or Iraq and they'll say
that most of the victims of Islamic
terror are Muslims themselves but they
forget the genocide of Christians in the
Middle East they forget the other
countries that aren't as fashionable to
report on where atrocities are committed
against Christians beheadings
crucifixions and nothing is being said
about it because it's not fashionable in
the media but we're not fashionable
we're not politically correct and thank
you very much brigitte for coming here
the president of act for america and
also go out and read the book they must
be stopped why we must defeat radical
Islam and how we can do it Brigitte
thank you for being here thank you all
right we've got to get to the mailbag do
i I've got to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube oh well I guess I already
said goodbye to you YouTube but Facebook
I've got to say goodbye to you too
we got some good mailbag questions today
we've got some good stuff the only way
that you can go see it is to subscribe
at daily wire.com what do you get you
get me you get the under Clavin show you
get the Ben Shapiro show you get to ask
questions in the mailbag everybody gets
to listen to the mailbag only
subscribers get to ask questions many
are called but few were chosen you will
also get the much more important thing
which is the leftist here's tumblr we've
said a lot of politically incorrect
things on the show today there have been
some we've they're gonna call Brigitte
who's Arabic who's Bart Arab they're
gonna call her a racist and then left
they're gonna cry and scream because she
relays her personal testimony growing up
in Lebanon and she said nice things
about Israel that's oh that's gonna be
tough make sure you have this to protect
you and your family the leftist ears
Tumblr go to daily wire comm we'll be
right back
I am gonna burn through this mailbag we
have got we're running a little late so
we're gonna just burn through these from
Bret hey Michael I'm a Protestant and
you're always making fun of us why is
that I do it's out of a place of love
but I do that somewhat frequently from
history it seems that over time the
Catholic Church has incorporated pagan
theologies and practices for one example
matthew 23:9 clearly states to call no
one Father for we have one father and he
is in heaven and priests in the Catholic
Church are referred to his father
how can you logically call someone
father if you read this verse I'm
interested in hearing about your faith
I'm assuming you've read into everything
being as logical as your I hope that
your Catholic faith is not cultural or
familial so how do you understand these
passages that clearly oppose Catholic
theology good question I must remind you
bread all shallows are clear as dr.
Johnson told us all shallows are clear
manure really forbidding us from calling
anybody father well then we wouldn't
call our earthly father father would we
we would you call your father dad or
father or daddy or Papa and you do that
then clearly clearly your rebutting and
and violating christ's word but of
course if we really were forbidden from
calling anybody father then the word
father would lose all of its meaning the
reason that we call God the Father
Father is because it tells us something
about the nature of God to picture him
as a father
the comparison works because we can
picture an earthly father if our Lord
meant that from now on father should
only ever refer to God then we would
just simply have another word for God
right we would lose the word for father
we wouldn't have a word for that we just
say but I you hey you bring me my bottle
hey come on you but we would would have
another word for God we lose the word
for father the concept of God his father
would be meaningless if we abolished the
concept of our fathers on earth Joseph
uses the term to refer to himself in
Genesis he says so it was not you who
sent me here but God and he said has
made me a father to Pharaoh and Lord of
all his house and ruler over all the
land of Egypt Joe
says I was a father to the poor God the
father says in Isaiah of le Hakeem he
shall be a father to the inhabitants of
Jerusalem we hear my father my father
cried to Elijah in acts Stephen refers
to our father Abraham that's in the New
Testament in Romans Paul writes of our
Father Isaac Paul refers to Timothy as
his child and his son throughout the
epistles he calls Titus his child Paul
writes in first corinthians i do not
write this to make you ashamed but to
admonish you as my beloved children for
though you have countless guides in
Christ you do not have many fathers for
I became your father in Christ Jesus
through the gospel so as Paul a heretic
John writes to his little children Peter
writes to his son mark Christ in the
same breath as he says call no man
father also says call no man master or
teacher do you call somebody mister do
you say hey mr. Smith mr. means master
that's all the word means do you call
anybody dr. and you're going to say I've
got I've got the flu
you do you say I got the flu doctor give
me some medicine Christ Himself
instructs the apostle's to teach all
nations so if he's saying call no man
teacher it's a little strange that he
would say you should go teach all
nations Paul writes to the Corinthians
and to the Ephesians of the churches
office of teacher Christ here is using
hyperbole to underscore the point he's
making in the very same chapter that men
should not covet places of honor at
feasts or the best seats or the honors
and titles of men Christ also instructs
that if you if your right eye causes you
to sin you should pluck it out and throw
it away yet we are all given to the
quote the the lust of the flesh and the
lust of the eyes and the pride of life
so should we all amputate and mutilate
ourselves should all Christians just be
amputees wandering around of course we
have liberal fathers and of course we
have spiritual fathers it's throughout
the the Bible what we must not do is to
confuse the earthly father's with the
true father who is in heaven when things
seem so clear when they seemly they so
clearly rebut the scripture or a
Catholic theology or whatever look into
it because all shallows are clear next
quest
from quarry what's a good mild cigar for
a rookie cigar smoker ah phone number
nine that's the one it's a little pricey
but it's a nice cigar Huson Oh 18 or
leave a Connecticut shade or a little
less expensive also very good an equally
important question to the soul because
the body is a temple in the temple needs
incense from Cristina hey Michael my
stepdaughter participated in the school
walkout last week she's in sixth grade
she was not even aware of the walkout
until one of her teachers told her about
it that day she was told by her teacher
that the walkout was for 17 minutes of
silence for the parklands students she
was then told by her teacher when it was
time to walk out I hadn't talked to my
daughter about the walkout because I
knew she was not aware of it and I
didn't think junior high kids in our
district were participating I thought it
was just the high school I'm really
angry about this and feel that my
daughter was forced to make a political
statement and I don't that I don't agree
with when her teacher told her it's time
to walk out a one email the
superintendent my husband thinks I'm
overreacting what are your thoughts
Christina you're not overreacting that's
outrageous that is such an outrage it is
unbelievable absolutely you should email
that this is the purpose of mothers the
purpose of mothers in the public school
system is to send angry emails to
superintendents when teachers go too far
and lose their minds and manipulate
children it is a absolute outrage and
the teacher who did it should be fired
no question from Rodolfo dear Michael
master troll extraordinaire I'm a huge
fan my question is regarding a billboard
in my conservative city of Chicago I
think you're being sarcastic it read
even Blessed Mary where the hijab will
you respect it first off I support
Muslims expressing their faith and I
have no issue with the hijab my question
is what are they trying to imply how do
you respond to when someone says this to
you does it matter should I even care
thanks love the show this is a great one
this is the central problem of the left
is they always want the appearance of
the thing but not the essence of the
thing they accuse the appearance with
the inner life with the content of it
they like the form they they miss the
content I don't think that people who
have trouble with the hijab or who maybe
flinch a little bit if they see a whole
nation of people wearing full burqa or
something I don't think the issue is
they don't like head coverings people
wear baseball caps all the time people
have worn head cuff
for all of human history it isn't a head
covering that is the question the
question is what does the head covering
represent what is it a symbol of what
it's at what the hijab is a symbol of is
Islam and in this particular case
Islam's treatment of women and Islam's
subjugation of women which does not
exactly comport with our Western
liberalism and our Western sense of
sexual equality and the sense of sexual
equality that comes from Christianity in
particular so you I suppose Mary might
have worn a head covering I think
probably everybody wore head coverings
sure it's a hot place in the Middle East
but the question is what are you really
trying to say what they're really trying
to say is that all Christianity and
Islam they're just the same thing aren't
they they're not the same thing
Islam developed after Muhammad was on a
merchant trip with his uncle in Syria
and encountered a heretical monk named
Bagheera and which is why it has some
similarities to Christianity but goes
quite down another path those are
different things and to suggest that the
Virgin Mary is really some secret Muslim
or something which I think is the
logical conclusion of that insinuation
is ridiculous do we have time for one or
two more one more just one more
that's it okay this is a non religious
question from Marcus dear st. Michael
it's a religious beginning but not a
question I live in a small town where
it's still considered impolite to bring
up politics I'm a small business owner
and when asked about my politics I
usually respond commies buy things too
which is a nice way of saying I hate
communists but I don't let politics get
in the way of business what are ways you
would recommend supporting conservative
causes without directly outing myself as
a conservative there are a lot of ways
to do it and these days it's very
important to do that you should watch
out for social media it'll come back and
bite you everything is public now one
way you can do it is donate some money
to Republican candidates but not too
much when it's too much your donations
are become a matter of public record but
that said I don't know how much people
are going to be looking into you that
said do business Calvin Coolidge said it
very well the primary business of the
American people is business that you
that you're keeping the engine going and
so it's an important thing to think
about politics but CS Lewis pointed out
when there
kinds of great political strife you
shouldn't ignore politics to do so would
be like a sick patient ignoring his
disease it could kill you
but you shouldn't think that politics is
the end of it the reason we have
politics the reason we talk about
politics is so that we can do other
things like business like art like
culture do all of that that's just fine
there are some of us in the muck who are
in politics all the time and if you were
able to conduct business and do all of
that that's a wonderful thing that's a
very bet that is the reason that we do
politics is to have that full civil
society and the prosperous economy and
the good life man the American Dream ok
that's what we have more questions but
I'm sorry we ran out of time that is our
show I'm gonna be in New York next week
I'm gonna be doing a couple speeches one
at Yeshiva University and one at Ithaca
so I'll be traveling we'll be on the
road it should be a lot of fun maybe
I'll spot you around town somewhere a
good place to find me will be any of the
cigar bars in New York
in the meantime I'm Michael Knowles this
is the Michael Noel's show I will see
you next week
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by Mike Cora Mina herons
makeup is by Joshua ov era copyright
forward publishing 2018
