okay so I volunteered okay I've on sir I
will I won't get paid for it I want to
be announcer on this most important news
the thing that we all care about the
most is that there's gonna be a fight
fight fight fight fight between Joe
Biden the vice performer vice presidents
of the United States in this corner and
in this corner Donald J macfay strum
it's gonna be so great okay so here's
how it all started
so Biden has been trying to out man from
okay Biden understand something a lot of
other politicians don't you can't
actually just fly over the top of Trump
you can't say I'll play the highroad and
he'll play the low road and we'll be in
Scotland before you can can't actually
do that with Trump you actually have to
get down in the mud with him so Biden
gets this and so Biden speaks Trump's
language so there's sort of weird
reverse mirror images of one another
it's like bizarro Trump is Joe Biden and
bizarro Biden is Trump so it's it's very
weird so it starts off clip 13 Joe Biden
yesterday saying that he would have
beaten up Trump in high school which is
a real weird thing to say
let's go I beat the hell out of the
president of United States says and then
he continues this way so Trump is a fat
ugly sob and the only people who talk
like that are the biggest fattest
ugliest SOPs in the room funny because
you're talking like that now right now
senator Biden and so just President bite
and then Trump fires back so here's what
Trump tweets they just come on this is
great stuff this is great stuff go out
how can you not love this
okay here's anybody trace back this
morning it's so it's so phenomenal crazy
Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough
guy actually he is weak both mentally
and physically and yet he threatens me
for the second time with physical
assault he doesn't know me but he would
go down fast and hard crying all the way
don't threaten people Joe okay so Joe
Biden had threatened to beat Trump up
actually several months ago they're
saying that if they got in a fight he
would take down Trump and now you got
the President of the United States
imagine this there's a very funny
Twitter account that takes all of
Trump's tweets and puts them in the
format of presidential statements
imagine the presidential statement like
you wake up from a coma and this is what
you see and you're like Oh Donald Trump
is in a fight with wait Donald Trump's
the president need tweeted that so yeah
that's the thing that happened and I
love it I gotta say I love it right he's
weak both mentally and physically and
yet he threatens me for the second time
with physical assault he doesn't know me
he would go down fast and hard crying
all the way love it fast and hard crying
all the way yes and actually so so
they're now booking a fight and the
fight will be booked and we actually
have some training footage of what's
been going on in the run-up to this
massive fight
I do a million of these a day to just
give me
oh man that's hilarious that's Joe Biden
pumping iron the guys on the phone he's
got like a dumbbell he's pumping iron
that it's Trump from WWE just knocking
people over it's so great so I have
volunteered if they do this fight first
of all there's no way this is bad for
America
okay America's already toast when it
comes to our vulgar political culture
we're done okay Donald Trump is the
president Hillary ran Joe Biden is an
idiot he's gonna run me me may win in
2020 oh my goodness okay so I've Ahlan
tear
okay I've on sir I will I won't get paid
for it I want to be announcer on this
okay I wanna be the answer on this I
tweeted out some of the things that I
thought would happen some people tweeted
back some line so not all of these lines
that we're about to hear on my own but I
do want to announce this fight I think
it would sound something like this
something like this welcome ladies and
gentlemen to the ruckus in the hospice
the brawl on Geritol the melee over the
jello tray the headlock on Matlock this
is a 12 round bout between 74 year-old
Donald J Trump and 78 year-old Joseph R
Biden fought at the catch weight of 245
pounds Biden has had to drink for
insurers per day to make weight Bernie
Sanders was invited but there was not
enough pudding in the world to ensure
that he reached catch weight let's get
ready to stumble oh and here we go Trump
comes out jabbing insulin Biden hits him
with a hard left and Trump is spinning
dentures Trump responds the clap to
Biden's cheek he clapped on and Biden
clapped off Biden's gonna feel that in
his walk-in bath tomorrow
Trump's out there looking a little bit
fuzzy out there as fuzzy as a tennis
balls on his Walker and now they're both
down on the mat they're both down on the
mat they are both napping oh and they're
back up again circling each other warily
looking for an opening and boom Trump
just pulled the old reverse mortgage on
Biden and Biden is down Biden is down
he's fallen and he can't get up he's
punching his life alert button oh my
goodness both of them now being carted
off in wheelchairs but to be honest both
of them were carted in in wheelchairs
but still so they would sound something
like that I mean wouldn't that be great
come on come on great for American
politics there's no way this goes wrong
our thing's incredibly stupid yes things
are incredibly stupid ladies gentlemen
