this is a replay of the Unabomber and
now he's dead good unfortunately the
illiterate left cannot just be happy
that the bad guy is dead they are
desperate to point to a non-muslim
terrorist and so now they're calling
this kid a terrorist the problem with
that is that there's no evidence that
he's a terrorist here they are they're
losing their minds on this
some guy named Roland's Martin tweeted
white domestic terrorist not Muslim not
a black lives matter activist but Donald
Trump's DOJ doesn't want to admit this
is a problem I don't I think Donald
Trump admits that someone blowing up
Austin is a problem from some ex-nfl
person named Matthew cherry literally
the template they use to describe white
terrorists shaken my head and that's
because the Reuters or the AP reported
that the kid was quiet and introverted
and reserved which is true all these
serial killer types it's always like oh
I didn't him he was always so quiet he
was always so nice and then from a
Hillary campaign alum known as Charles
or Charlotte climber depending on when
you started following his Twitter
account Marc Anthony Condit was a white
male terrorist and likely white
supremacist he perpetrated terrorist
attacks against a community resulting in
death and destruction this is not quiet
reserved a nice boy or whatever the hell
else white washing nonsense first of all
there's no evidence these white
supremacist that's completely made-up
and one can both be quiet and reserved
and a terrorist that's true also there's
no evidence that he's a terrorist this
from Kumail Nanjiani who is from the
show Silicon Valley the bomber is not a
terrorist got it because people are
pointing this out finally from some
musician named Michael Joel it lots of
white people saying well let's slow down
and figure out motivation so that we're
using the term terrorists properly
seriously you need to understand that
black men are routinely murdered by
police at one gazillion the scrutiny you
are pretending to give this term so okay
I don't know how that factors in we're
just talking about what does terrorists
mean what is the term terrorism does it
apply to this kid according to the
illiterate left the Austin bomber is
clearly a terrorist what did Mark Twain
say about this
it ain't what you don't know that gets
you into trouble it's what you know for
sure that just ain't so terrorism has a
meaning I know we blur words a lot words
have meaning terrorism has a meaning
terrorism is targeting civilians with
violence to achieve political ends
