the Austin bomber is dead and one
imagines eternally ensconced in the
burning hot metaphysical bomb down below
where there is wailing and gnashing of
teeth appear lefties desperate to point
to a non-muslim terrorists are calling
the Austin bomber a terrorist but
there's no evidence that he was one we
will discuss why and why the distinction
matters then Frank Ferretti author of
populism and the European culture wars
the conflict of values between Hungary
and the EU joins the show to discuss
another terribly abused ism populism and
what it means for the democracies of the
West
finally some news and one of the great
poems ever written by Rudyard Kipling on
World Poetry Day
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show
before we get to any of that I know
there's a lot to talk about today and
this matter of language is extremely
important and lefties are trying to
abuse language as they always do we need
to be precise about this but before that
how can I be precise in my diction if I
don't have beautiful teeth well listen
if you want beautiful teeth you've got
to make sure that you brush and floss
and take care of them so that when you
go to your dentist for me like once
every ten years or for most people once
or twice a year he doesn't yell at you
and say hey when was the last time you
floss you say I'm the last time you've
lost me is probably the last time I
floss so do you use an electric
toothbrush you say no I use a stick or
my fingers and I don't know what I use
you need to use an electric toothbrush
they are much better than that old
manual thing you know guys it is 2018
allow technology to make your life
easier and to keep your teeth better
when it comes to your health brushing
your teeth is one of the most important
parts of your day qyp knows that they
have combined dentistry and design to
make a better electric toothbrush whip
is the new electric toothbrush that
packs just the right amount of
vibrations into a slimmer design at a
fraction of the cost of bulkier
traditional electric brushes if you use
a more traditional electric brush they
cost about seven million dollars and
they're gigantic and they're hard to
travel with and they're bulky in your
bathroom quip it's sleek design very
nice very easy it doesn't cost you a
gazillion dollars to do it they take
care of everything
guiding pulses alert you when to switch
sides making brushing the right amount
of time effortless because sometimes
people brush too hard they brush too
much over in one place my dentist has
told me about that there's a real thing
so you want to make sure you do it the
right amount equip also comes with a
mount that suctions right to your mirror
and unsticks to use as a cover for
hygienic travel anywhere whether it's
going in your gym bag or carry on for me
more than carry on not so much the gym
bag but carry on oh you know you can
throw it in there because the thing that
cleans your mouth should be clean also
quips subscription plan refreshes your
brush on a dentist recommended schedule
delivering new brush heads every three
months for just five bucks that includes
free shipping worldwide that is nothing
then you don't have to go to the
pharmacy or the drugstore and you walk
down the aisle you know and you go to
the
wrong I'll and then you feel kind of
awkward about it and you can't find
anything don't do that make it easy make
it cheaper save some money save some
time quip is backed by a network of over
10,000 dental professionals including
dentists hygienists and dental students
and mate a dental professionals and a
blank book author most toothbrushes
don't get named one of Time Magazine's
best inventions of the year but quip did
find out why quip starts just $25 that
is a lot less than a gazillion dollars
which is what all those other
traditional electric brushes cost if you
go to get quip comm slash Knowles Kor
wles right now you will get your first
refill pack 3 free with a quip electric
toothbrush don't say I never did
anything for you this is a great deal
you'd be foolish not to do it
your first refill pack free and to get
quip comm slash Knowles canna wles
that is GE t q UI p comm slash anoles KO
wles do it right now do IT righ T & O W
do it right now all right
the Austin bomber is dead we are all
very pleased to hear that President
Trump tweeted out the good news governor
Abbott did the same thing
unfortunately this kid didn't blow
himself up until he had already killed
two people and injured six he didn't
start with him unfortunately but at
least he's dead now bombing started a
few weeks ago they started on March 2nd
they've been terrorizing the Austin area
but there's a distinction between
terrorizing and terrorism that's a
that's a specific term the bomber is a
24 year old Austin resident who was only
caught because he used a FedEx store
this is pretty good press for FedEx as
you might imagine I was when I was
thinking about this this morning there
were a lot of post office jokes I could
make here I think they would be in poor
taste I think it is too soon I'm just
going to move on maybe at a later date
we can revisit and I'll make all of the
very funny jokes that went through my
head this is a replay of the Unabomber
and now he's dead good unfortunately the
illiterate left cannot just be happy
that the bad guy is dead they are
desperate to point to a non Muslim
terrorist and so now they're calling
this kid a terrorist the problem with
that is that there's no evidence that
he's a terrorist
here they are they're losing their minds
on this some guy named Roland's Martin
tweeted white domestic terrorist not
Muslim not a black lives matter activist
but Donald Trump's DOJ doesn't want to
admit this is a problem I don't I think
Donald Trump admits that someone blowing
up Austin is a problem from some ex-nfl
person named Matthew cherry literally
the template they use to describe white
terrorists shaking my head and that's
because the Reuters or the AP reported
that the kid was quiet and introverted
and reserved which is true all these
serial killer types it's always like oh
I didn't him he was always so quiet he
was always so nice and then from a
Hillary campaign alum known as Charles
or Charlotte climber depending on when
you started following his Twitter
account Marc Anthony Condit was a white
male terrorist and likely white
supremacists he perpetrated terrorist
attacks against a community resulting in
death and destruction this is not quiet
reserved a nice boy or whatever the hell
else white washing nonsense first of all
there's no evidence he's white
supremacist that's completely made-up
and one can both be quiet and reserved
and a terrorist that's true also there's
no evidence that he's a terrorist this
from Kumail Nanjiani who is from the
show Silicon Valley the bomber is not a
terrorist
got it because people are pointing this
out finally from some musician named
Michael Joel it lots of white people
saying well let's slow down and figure
out motivation so that we're using the
term terrorist properly seriously you
need to understand that black men are
routinely murdered by police at one
gazillion the scrutiny you are
pretending to give this term so okay I
don't know how that factors in we're
just talking about what does terrorist
mean what is the term terrorism doesn't
apply to this kid according to the
illiterate left the Austin bomber is
clearly a terrorist what did Mark Twain
say about this it ain't what you don't
know that gets you into trouble it's
what you know for sure that just ain't
so terrorism has a meaning I know we
blur words a lot words have meaning
terrorism has a meaning terrorism is
targeting civilians with violence to
achieve political ends I'll say it again
terrorists target civilians with
violence to achieve political ends when
terrorists target the military that
isn't terrorism when people target
civilians and just blow them up because
they want to kill people
that also isn't terrorism it requires
political ends now I will say this is a
relatively new word terrorism really
only was invented in the 1970s it's only
been in the popular culture for about 50
years now so I understand people are
trying to debate what this word but what
does this word mean what doesn't this
word mean so that's fine let's let's ask
what definition of the term is the most
useful is the most meaningful what
distinguishes it from other acts of war
or acts of violence not all acts of
violence or terrorism murder isn't
always terrorism you can go down the
street and kill somebody that doesn't
make you a terrorist but you can also go
down the street and murder somebody and
that is terrorism rape isn't always
terrorism you can rape people for
reasons that are not terrorism
sometimes rape is used for the purpose
of terrorism the left really really
wants to point to a terrorist who isn't
Muslim because virtually all the
terrorists we see today are motivated by
Islam and a vision of Islam so they try
to blur the words they actually already
have a kid who isn't a Muslim terrorist
this happened recently that kid in
Charlottesville who shot up the black
church that that is terrorism that
qualifies as terrorism he targeted
civilians to affect his white
supremacist political agenda he wrote
about his political agenda he was
affiliated with political groups that
counts as terrorism there you go there's
your there's your non Muslim terrorist
left you can be happy with that they
always try to blur the words here that
that is what political correctness is
political correctness is taking clear
terms and precise language and then
muddying it all up so that they can try
to confuse different categories it's
it's really insidious because we don't
even know we're debating at that point
should terrorists be entitled to Geneva
Convention protections we need to be
precise in our language if we're going
to figure that out the reason that we
have a definition of terrorism in in one
part is so that we can protect civilians
in times of war there was this big
debate about ten years
should we torture terrorists or should
we give them I don't know all American
constitutional protections and three
hots and a cot and Eggs Benedict for
breakfast should we give terrorists
Geneva Convention protections the
answer's no we shouldn't we should
torture terrorists I think Andrew flavin
said it should be an Olympic sport
we should torture terrorists to protect
civilians the Geneva Convention
protections exist to protect civilians
in times of war terrorists specifically
target civilians the the deal basically
goes like this if you decide if you
agree not to target civilians we will
give you certain conveniences and nice
regulations when we deal with you in
times of war if you extend those same
protections to terrorists that you do to
lawful actors who don't target civilians
you take away any incentive not to
target civilians in it's very insidious
I know it seems nice oh well let's just
wouldn't be nice if terrorism didn't
imply certain things no no the road to
hell is paved with good intentions we
need to be precise in our language also
so that we know who our enemies are more
on this in a second but before we you
know every time I think about these
really negative things
I need something to just make me feel
all good again and one of those would be
delicious home-cooked meals delivered to
my door we got to keep the lights on
folks this is that is really the way
that we can make sure our foes don't win
is by pursuing our capitalist impulses
and keeping the lights on and talking
about a great product which is blue
apron the leading meal kit delivery
service in the US while many people know
what they do many do not know all the
types of meals you can eat with blue
apron you're probably thinking you just
get different hamburgers delivered to
you every three seconds or something no
not not quite you could be getting short
rib burgers with a hoppy cheddar sauce
on a pretzel bun
you could get seared steaks and thyme
pan sauce with mashed potatoes green
beans and crispy shallots all in under
45 minutes and without a trip to the
grocery store blue apron is the
number-one fresh ingredient and recipe
delivery service in the country its
mission is to make incredible home
cooking accessible to everyone and
there's a great way to use it by the way
when it comes you give it to sweet
little ELISA and then she cooks you
delicious meals comes on ice and all
ready to go
then sweet little Lisa will cook it for
you it's really nice sweet Oh Lisa does
not come with the meal plan you can get
the two-person meal plan that serves two
people you can choose from eight recipes
per week with the choice to receive two
or three recipes any week it serves two
people or one gabon family meal plan
serves four people you can get for
recipes per week with the choice to
receive either two three or four recipes
any week that serves four people or one
gabon and the wine plan six bottles of
wine from renowned wine makers delivered
monthly again that serves about two
hours for a Kevon really convenient it's
really flexible I'm eating it tonight
I'm looking forward to that I already
got that text don't say I never did
nothing for you blue apron is treating
the Michael nul show listeners to $30
off your first order if you visit blue
apron com / co' FFA CoV fe fe that is
this week's menu go there right now you
get $30 off blue apron comp / go FFA co
the fe fe eat free food don't be foolish
do it blue apron a better way to cook
want to wrap this up because we have to
get to our guests I was got really
interesting things to say about populism
but one of the reasons we need a food
precise and language is that in
statecraft we need to be able to
ascertain who our geopolitical foes are
the the imagination of man's heart is
evil from the beginning we can there are
plenty of murders and atrocities that
are gonna go on in the world we can
categorize those murders however we like
some of those categories are more useful
than others in forming a coherent
picture of the world think about guns
there were 32,000 deaths each year
involving guns is that it that's all is
that that's the murder weapon is that
the only thing that matters are all
other distinctions trivial sixty percent
of those deaths involving guns are
suicides is that detail important does
that give us a better picture eighty
percent of the remainder are
gang-related does that give us a better
picture of these deaths from gut from
gun related incidents of course the only
way we can solve problems is by
gathering all of the information excuse
me that we can and forming a picture and
narrative of what happened the right
uses precise language the lunt language
clear language the left hates clear
language they want to blur these things
because they already have a picture of
the world they already have a narrative
they don't want to solve problems they
want to vindicate their
in correct vision of the world who cares
if it works in reality doesn't work in
theory if we want to solve problems you
need to see clearly if you want to see
clearly you need to use clear and
precise language some evidence may turn
up that this Austin bomber was secretly
an Isis sleeper cell or a communist
trying to overthrow the government or
whatever right now there's no evidence
that he was a terrorist I know the left
is angry they want their non-muslim
terrorists so they can validate their
false narrative that different religious
visions and different moral frameworks
and different ideas matter and you know
different they have different effects on
the world they want to be able to deny
all of those differences to bad
don't let them scream you into saying
things that aren't true use clear
language speaking of being shouted down
by mobs let's get to populism we have
got to bring on Frank furedi Frank is a
sociologist and social commentator
formerly professor of sociology at the
University of Kent in Canterbury and is
the author of 17 full-length books
Frank's work largely focuses on fear
risk and uncertainty and how Western
societies respond to all those things so
it's a fitting topic for today as we
talk about terrorism and now the anxiety
of populism Frank thank you for being
here
pleasure Frank Trump brexit the Italian
elections on and on and on
among self-appointed elites on both the
left and the right there is no dirtier
word and populism you're up to a lesser
degree in the US have embraced mass
migration with open arms yet they wring
their hands over popular elections why
does the West seem only to fear its own
people I don't know it's a very new
development where increasingly the
elites feel very comfortable in talking
about ordinary people as if they're
uneducated as Italy very simple as if
they haven't got the intellectual
resources to deal with complicated
issues and I think the reason why that
is is because in many ways they've lost
the capacity to communicate to talk to
engage with people in everyday life and
because they haven't got that ability to
communicate they've kind of almost drawn
in on themselves
one of the things that I find quite
interesting as a professor is that a lot
of my colleagues in universities more or
less come to the conclusion that the
only thing they can get by is that they
talk to themselves people like
themselves people who are very educated
and whenever they make an attempt to
break out of that they usually find that
it just isn't working so you got this
real segregation that has occurred where
in their eyes ordinary people are often
seen as as it's just somehow a bit of a
threat if you're very uncomfortable with
the fashions of everyday life and
particularly in Europe you've got this
new development where anti populism
has almost become an its own ideology
where being anti populist is almost seen
as a sign of respectability that you are
a sensitive a rare person well there
that's always what we hear the the
unwashed masses and all of this preening
and looking down your nose you pose your
book as a battle between the European
Union and Hungary and I want to get to
that specifically what does Hungary get
right that Europe gets wrong I think
Hungary has got a lot of problems like
every every society but it's very good
on standing up for very basic values so
for example if you go to hunger you go
to Budapest it's a very modern city but
people have got a very clear sense of
what is right and what is wrong they're
quite able to sort of avoid the what I
see as being the plague of
non-judgemental ISM which exists in
American society or in England where I
live where you basically say well I'm
not sure what is right I'm not sure what
is wrong you you decide I got my views
you got your views and when we do that
we kind of give up on making important
decisions and calculations about the
world hunger is also very good at
standing up for sovereignty basically
saying that we're a sovereign nation
what that means that we're not allowing
ourselves to be pressurized from forces
outside we take into account what our
lecturers want to do there's a kind of
accountability
which I think a lot of people appreciate
that their leaders are standing up for
Hungary's interests and not pretending
that they just like you know the same as
any other European country I think
finally what I love about what I read
all about Hungary is that it's the most
anti politically correct country in the
world and therefore you can make jokes
you can be yourself you can talk
normally you got to watch your words the
other day I was talking to Hungarian
professor and she looks at me she says
you know Frank unlike you people in
England and we in Hungary still know the
difference between a man and a woman we
don't need a million pronouns in between
and she'll actually write because what
she was really getting at is that once
we change our language you must be a Z&D
and all these different pronouns they're
basically what we were saying that is
that the old distinction between men and
women which was historically the
underpinning of human relationships just
goes out the window and I just like that
kind of blunt down-to-earth kind of
quality of Hungarian cultural life it's
so important because it's a question of
a clarity it's a question of bluntness
when you use this mealy-mouthed language
that we use in the UK now especially and
that we use in the United States
everyone is walking on eggshells
everyone is so anxious and so nervous
but if you just speak clearly and call
things like you see them life is a
little easier you can breathe it's a
little lighter it's a you can see things
more clearly and this does get down to
the people Ronald Reagan used to point
out that it was really only communists
who would use terms like the masses or
the unwashed masses to refer to their
fellow citizens you quote in your book
pro-european Union commentators who use
words like swarming to refer to the
people now if I'm a reasonably smart
person and you're a reasonably smart
person and all of the people we know are
reasonably smart people from our butcher
to our colleague at whatever university
how did the bureaucrats of Europe come
to conclude that the people on the whole
are idiots well I think that there's a
kind of sense in which they basically
believe
that people who haven't got their
outlook who somehow don't share their
particular values do do not share those
values because they don't get it
and it's it comes from America actually
because I don't know if you remember in
America a lot of feminists used to use
the expression they just don't get it
right right right
and actually we got it yeah absolutely
good we got it yeah I promise absolutely
we got it but we disagreed with them and
and they cannot simply say well they
disagree with us they have a different
view particularly they cannot say that
they well legitimate point of view
that's different to us they just say
well these people don't get it and once
they say they don't get it they say well
the reason why they don't get it it's
because they're a little bit thick
they're a little bit slow they haven't
got the education they're disadvantaged
and really they're like a second-class
citizen right and what's very what's
very interesting is if you examine the
language very very closely it almost has
a racial characteristic I mean if you
talked about another race using that
kind of language you'd be called a
racist but when it comes when it comes
to these people the populace
you can use the kind of intemperate
language that you you you know when you
were never using that polite kind of
company and it's really a question of
putting people down and dehumanizing
them I think it's a language of
dehumanization that I find very
disturbing when anti populist talk about
the people as if they just simply swarms
or just deplorable
or all the other words they're
redeemable it is clearly dehumanizing it
is one of those things and you you bring
it right home with the idea that they
don't get it oh they just don't get it
because what that is to say that these
people who have such a clear utopian
vision such a progressive vision as they
use if you were to stand in the way of
progress which is so clear it's so
evident to anybody who gets it then you
can only be one of two things you have
to be either incredibly stupid and
probably incapable of self-government or
you have to have ill intent you have to
have malevolence you have to have bad
intentions otherwise anyone can see
clearly the road
to progress and if you're either of
those things if you're cruel and vicious
and have bad intentions or you're
profoundly stupid
you can't govern yourself we can't have
you governing us that is that is exactly
there a rationale now I will push back a
little bit against the populist you
right in defense of the tradition as
well in as in defense of popular
sovereignty traditionalism or the great
traditions that we've inherited from our
forefathers what happens when those two
things come into conflict 50 million
Frenchmen can be wronged and frequently
are a pre European Union Europe tore
itself apart and its traditions apart
most spectacularly in the world wars
even today the popular culture in Europe
in the u.s. absolutely hates itself
hates its own traditions what happens
when a good solid patriotic admirer of
tradition can't trust the people or
feels that he can't trust the people
well you raise a very important question
because obviously the world changes and
traditions are not always appropriate in
all circumstances I think there's a
difficulty being traditional list which
is which is to make an ideology out of
traditions and become very dogmatic
about it or and to see traditions as a
living phenomenon that's continually
alive and can engage with new experience
and new reality so there are many things
that have happened that are really good
that weren't around in the old days so
we have to be very selective and this is
this is the challenge that you and I
have which is we look upon our past we
see what was wrong that needs to be
fixed and we look at what was really
important the clear underpinning of our
civilization that we need to take
forward and make sure that our young the
young kids are socialized into and I
think for me the big tragedy when I go
to American campuses but I wish it ok
ters is that they are extremely scared
of the past and they're very very bad at
its kind of communicating traditional
values you know to their young to young
people it's almost like they've given up
on that and instead or making it up as
they go along that's that's true this is
the big worry that I have you see it on
candy so when I
was on campus not that long ago and you
see it among young people is a not only
an ignorance regarding the their own
culture and their own traditions in
their own form of government but a real
hatred of it a real contempt and disdain
what Harold Bloom of the literary critic
calls the school of resentment you no
longer approach a text and say ah what
can I gather from Virgil or Cicero or
lucidity 'he's you look at me aside hate
these guys these are racists these
bigots how can I teach them how can I
teach Thucydides about about ancient
Athens or something it's a it's a real
fear because I think among conservatives
we say look we trust the people we trust
individuals but what happens if they
become so ignorant of their own culture
that they're they that that is what
prevents them from self-governance not
their insufficient progressivism but
their insufficient understanding and
love for their own culture that's a real
worry I'm now speaking of the future
what does the future look like for
populism in Europe and America right now
we've just had these Italian elections
where the the populist parties were able
to make a big dent you wrote that it's
the really the end of the European Union
or it signals that are we headed as
Western culture irreversibly into
decadence and decay and technocratic
exhaustion or is there hope for a
cultural resurgence well I hope there's
there is always hope
I just been to Italy recently and I was
fascinated by the way in which young
people in Italy are looking for new
solutions and they're experimenting with
new ideas they're rejecting the old
order and many of them are saying look
we've had a we had this European Union
breathing down our necks we had all
these rules and regulations that kind of
emptied our life of meaning we're
looking for something new and you get
that in England I think one of the last
things about England was that after
brexit you had all these young kids and
and young and kind of young adults
saying that for the first time they've
actually understood you know what it
means to be a citizen when you vote
counts and you don't have to simply
pretend that you know
but you just like everybody else because
there's a lot of pressure on you to
conform so there's a there is something
in the air but the problem is is that
both all school liberals and also I
would say old school conservatives or at
the moment very hesitant about knowing
how to deal with this so for example you
mentioned how conservatives are able to
say this and that but a lot of
conservatives that I know are very
insecure they often that tell me that
good on you Frank
I'm glad you open your mouth thank you
for knowing it here yeah thank me I said
well look why don't you open your mouth
because you're not living in Nazi
Germany or Stalinist Russia you could
easily open your mouth but they're
extremely merry and I had this
experience the day after brexit you know
sort of I had about 20 emails from other
academics saying Frank we're very glad
you spoke out on brexit as an academic
that was very very important well we
feel that we're not able to do that
because you know we're very insecure we
worried about our jobs and everything
else but I emailed back to them and
saying actually speak out because at the
end of the day the more or less that
speak out the more we create a milieu
where our political force that our
enemies become insecure so my the way
that I look at it is that if you are
able to be a bit braver have a bit more
courage open our mouth and give voice
particularly young people who think like
like we do there's no reason why we
cannot create a countercultural force
that takes up this very powerful
political culture that dominates most
aspects of everyday experience that's so
true that is such a good point we can
take heart and because we are the
counterculture we for the first time in
my life where the the Pro Liberty guys
are the cool guys that's a wonderful
thing to run a wonderful bit of Hope to
end on even if our culture is
irreversibly in decay you know hope
springs eternal in the human breast well
at least get a few more good days out of
it thank you so much for being here
Frank 4ad the book is called populism in
the European culture worse the conflict
of values between Hungary and the EU I
really encourage everybody to read
Frank's writing he writes regularly you
can find it online because we don't get
a
great view of Europe from the United
States and it's it's really important to
see what's going on and what what we're
witnessing here that our global trends
all right Frank thank you for being here
we got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube I said goodbye to YouTube a long
time ago but we got to say goodbye to
Facebook I tried to hold it out a little
longer today so you could hear from
Frank but what what is coming up is it's
worth subscribing just for what is
coming up I will read to you from world
poetry day one of my favorite poems of
all time a poem that has really shaped
my life a view of the world go over that
I'll tell you what go over there right
now give you five seconds after I finish
the pitch subscribe just so you can see
it it's very important this will change
your life if you subscribe it's ten
bucks a month $100 for annual membership
you get me you get the and reclaim
ensure you get the Ben Shapiro show you
get the conversation you get to ask
questions in the mailbag at which you
should do right now so you get your
mailbag questions and today and I can
answer them tomorrow on the show
forget all that doesn't really matter
the leftist tears tumblr here it is here
it is when the people of Europe decide
that no Angela Merkel doesn't get to
destroy that continent Germany's tried
to destroy that continent basically
since the dawn of history since the fall
of the Roman Empire Germany has tried to
ruin it and now they're doing it through
mass migration and putting down national
sentiments throughout Europe well tough
it ain't going to happen guys
if Frank's predictions are right that EU
is headed for nowhere you're gonna need
this leftist ears tumblr because they're
gonna be coming out from all over the
world it is gonna the Atlantic is going
to be much saltier by the time all is
said and done you're going to need this
to protect you and your family go to
daily wire comm we'll be right back
it's world poetry day and I actually
really like poetry I I you know I write
a lot of poems that are similar to my
book they have similar content you know
but I I really enjoy poetry and
unfortunately poetry is dead it is a
dead art it doesn't exist anymore there
are a couple poets that you can still
read and that's kind of interesting
Dana Joya is one of them he writes sort
of nice poetry but the great era of
poetry is over there a number of reasons
for this which maybe we'll go into some
other time their cultures go through
periods at some points different art
forms come up and down and up and down
our or it has really decayed obviously
you see this in popular music you see it
in popular film it's just there's less
stuff there there's less beauty there's
less rigor there's less form and there's
less depth of content so we have to go
back in time and I want to read to you
this might not be the this might not be
the deepest poem ever written but it
really is profound it stirs my soul and
especially as I prepare to get married I
think it's important to share this with
you it's a poem by Rudyard Kipling
called the betrothed it begins with a
little line it says you must choose
between me and your cigar breach of
promise case circa 1885 open the old
cigar box get me a cubist out four
things are running crossways and Maggie
and I are out we quarreled about
Havana's we fought or a good chroot and
I know she is exhaust exacting and she
says I am a brute I open the old cigar
box let me consider a space in the soft
blue veil of the vapor musing on
Maggie's face Maggie is pretty to look
at Maggie's a loving lass but the
prettiest cheeks must wrinkle and the
truest of Love's must pass there's peace
in a Loren Yaga there's calm in a Henry
Clay but the best cigar in an hour is
finished and thrown away thrown away for
another as perfect and ripe and brown
but I could not throw away Maggie for
fear of the talk of the town Maggie my
wife at 50 gray and dour and old with
never another Maggie to
purchase for love or gold and the light
of days that have been the dark of the
days that are and love's torch stinking
and stale like the butt of a dead cigar
the butt of a dead cigar you are bound
to keep in your pocket with never a new
one to light though it's charred and
black to the socket open the old cigar
box let me consider a while here is a
mild Manila there is a wifely smile
which is the better portion bondage
bought with a ring or a harem of dusky
beauties 50 tied in a string councilors
cunning and silent comforters true and
tried and never a one of the fifty to
sneer at a rival bride thought in the
early morning solace and time of woes
peace in the hush of the Twilight bomb
air my eyelids closed this will the
fifty give me asking not in return with
only a such ease passion to do their
duty and burn this will the fifty give
me when they are spent and dead five
times other 50s shall be my servants
instead the furrows of far-off Java the
Isles of the Spanish mane when they hear
my harem is empty will send me my brides
again I will take no heed to their
raiment nor food for their mouths with
all so long as the gulls are nesting so
long as the showers fall I will sent
them with best vanilla with tea will I
temper their hides and the more and the
Mormon shall envy who read of the tale
of my Brides for Maggie has written a
letter to give me my choice between the
wee little whimpering love and the Great
God nicotine and I have been servant of
love for barely a 12-month clear but I
have been priest of cabañas for a matter
of seven year and the gloom of my
Bachelor days is flecked with the cheery
light of stump that I burned to
friendship and pleasure and work and
fight and I turned my eyes to the future
that Maggie and I must prove but the
only light on the marshes is the will of
the wisp of love will it see me safe
through my journey or leave me bogged in
the mire since a puff of tobacco can
clouded shall I follow the fitful fire
open the old cigar
let me consider a new old friends and
who is Maggie that I should abandon you
a million surplus Maggie's are willing
to bear the yoke and a woman is only a
woman but a good cigar is a smoke light
me another Cuba I hold to my first sworn
vows if Maggie will have no rival I'll
have no Maggie for spouse Oh does that
stir the solar does that stare as a real
is one of the great poems ever written
that I'm gonna get in trouble for that
tonight I think that is our show today
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Nolt show get your mailbag questions in
I will see you tomorrow
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex Zangaro
audio is mixed by mike core amina
hair and makeup is by Jeshua OV era
copyright for word publishing 2018
