President Trump said good morning today
a remark that sent shockwaves through
the political establishment the New York
Times a former newspaper issued an
editorial demanding the president
retract the insensitive remark which the
time said did not take into account the
plight of American blacks and women
whose mornings have been permanently
marred by slavery and sexual harassment
afterward the president walked outside
the White House where he healed the sick
and restored sight to the blind an
action to which CNN's Don Lemon
immediately objected saying it violated
the separation of church and state lemon
then attempted to storm out of the
studio but walked into a corner of the
room and couldn't find his way out lemon
had to be removed by an emergency
medical team later President Trump plans
to walk atop the water in the Washington
Mall reflecting pool which NBC's Chuck
Todd said will be an act of war against
the environment and will lower the
capital's clean water standards when
accused of biased reporting Todd said
the charge was absurd and pointed out
that he would soon be hosting a
hard-hitting 60 minutes special on how
Barack and Michelle Obama continue their
courageous fight for women's
reproductive rights by slaughtering and
devouring unborn children so that's all
right then trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
hooray it's mailbag day wahoo
you woohoo whatever answer all your
questions the answering will be
guaranteed 100% correct and will change
your life for the better
who can say but the great questions
really interesting questions also it's a
good day because the Austin bomber blew
himself up kudos to the Austin Police
and the FBI and I mean this is why we
want to get rid of some of these corrupt
guys that Obama installed at the top of
the FBI because the FBI at the worker
level is at the agent level does such a
great job one of my brothers once said
to me after one of these mass murderers
killed himself he said why do these guys
always kill themselves last so if you
are thinking of going out and like
having a mass shooting start with
yourself I mean that would be that would
be try it try it on yourself first I
just just to see how it goes
house-call Pro what is house-call Pro
you asked well you know how sometimes
you have a guy coming over to work on
your house that you know do something in
the lawn and he says oh yeah I'll be
there sometime between Monday and
Thursday from 4 a.m. to you know to 6
p.m. so just stay there and wait for me
and you think like god how am I supposed
to Oh I supposed to do that if you are a
guy with a business or a lady with a
business that operates like that you can
fix that with house-call Pro if you have
what is called a service business you
can get this app it's house-call Pro
it's designed for any service business
it's easy to use it'll allow you to
spend more time with your family and
more time doing the things you love and
it'll serve your people better it was
voted the number one software to run
your business on the go it's for anyone
who provides a home service like
plumbing carpet cleaning electricians
all that sort of thing it just helps you
with scheduling with billing it does all
that for you you just enter in where
you're gonna be what you're gonna do and
it tells you where your conflicts are
and it will you can even use it to
collect
your dough so it's really it really is a
full-service app for full-service
businesses if you're ready to get your
service business organized and
streamlined with your customers go to
house-call Pro dot-com
slash Andrew tell them we sent you
because that way we will keep our
sponsors and stay on the air but if you
tell them also it might be good for you
too because they will waive your $99
activation fee which is pretty good you
can say I'm a hundred dollars just if
you can spell Andrew if you go to a
house-call Pro dot-com / Andrew they'll
waive your $99 activation fee from the
house GoPro app it really will make your
business work better and then my wife
won't have to stay at home waiting for
you to show up alright so you know I've
been watching the news these actresses
the last three days now and the double
standard between the way Trump is
reported on and the way Obama was
reported on the way Democrats a reporter
has now gotten so egregious that I feel
like we could just do the whole show
about this every single day every single
day all we would have to do is research
the way Obama was covered and the way
Trump is covered because a lot of times
Trump is doing the same things that
Obama did that every president has to do
and with Obama it was as if it had been
discovered as if a new way of being
president had been discovered raising
the country's standards and with
trumpets as if we were being plunged
into war and disaster and Watergate
style scandal at every possible minute
and I keep saying this because this is
true about the news as it's true about
the arts as it's true about you know
education it's not anyone's story and
that's not why they do it it is creating
an atmosphere it's the culture is the
air you breathe without even knowing it
the culture is when you're afraid to
open your mouth because you're afraid
it's gonna sound racist the culture is
when you're afraid to say something
because you're afraid
a woman is suddenly going to accuse you
of having you know bothered or in an
untoward way the culture doesn't work
you know people always think that they
think like Black Panther here is this
kind of black lives matter movie I
didn't see it I'm not criticizing I
don't know what's in it but it let you
know let's say oh here's this left wing
movie this is bad it's not any one movie
and no one right
movie is gonna change anything it is a
question of atmosphere the culture the
news information creates an atmosphere
in which we think and breathe so it
really you really do have to stop every
now and again and say wait wait a minute
look at the way they do this look at the
way they lie so you know yesterday
Donald Trump is meeting with Saudi Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman and said bin
Salman he he really seems like a pretty
interesting guy he seems that he's you
know dialing back some of the religious
oppression in Saudi Arabia trying to
lighten the load on women trying to
lighten the the power of the Imams who
preach really radical Islam we're having
trouble with them because there's war in
Yemen and we give him weapons and
there's fighting war in Yemen which is
really a what's it called a proxy war
with Iran I think there that's why
everybody's fighting it's all Obama's
legacy of strengthening Iran in the
Middle East for some vision that I
simply do not understand I do not know
why Obama thought that that was a good
idea I guess they were gonna stop hating
us because we let them become as evil as
they want it to be anyway he's giving a
joint press conference with the crown
prince and he mentions that he called
Vladimir Putin and congratulated him so
let's play the cut of Trump on calling
Putin's number 11 I had a call with
President Putin and congratulated him on
the victory his electoral victory the
call had to do also with the fact that
we will probably get together in the
not-too-distant future so that we can
discuss arms we can discuss the arms
race as you know he made a statement
that being in an arms race is not a
great thing that was right after the
election one of the first statements he
made and we are spending 700 billion
dollars this year and our military and a
lot of it is that we are going to remain
stronger than any other nation in the
world by far we had a very good call and
I suspect that we'll probably be meeting
in the not-too-distant future to discuss
the arms race which is getting out of
control but we will never allow anybody
to have anything
even close to what we have so so Trump
was briefed about this and apparently on
the briefing papers Trump did not see
the briefing papers but on the briefing
papers who briefed by phone and on the
briefing papers it's hidden big letters
do not congratulate you know why because
Putin's attire in his election doesn't
mean a damn thing it doesn't matter you
know he's got 77% of the vote and
anybody who didn't vote for him he'll
end up in the Volga somewhere you know I
mean or Lubyanka prison and so the guy
said he's a dictator he is a thug and
and one of the strong men who are taking
over the world in fact it's it's kind of
hilarious that Saudi Arabia is a bright
light in a world that really is closing
in with authoritarian governments so
everyone goes nuts right and and you
know Trump talks he's come things come
out of his mouth he has a different
relationship to words than most
presidents have because most presidents
you know when he when a president says
something you wanted to stick but Trump
is a negotiator so he assumes that you
understand that he is always taking a
position that he's always making a play
with somebody he just assumes that you
know that and people go nuts so John
McCain cranky John McCain puts out a
statement an American president does not
leave the free world by congratulating
dictators on winning sham elections and
by doing so with Vladimir Putin
President Trump insulted every Russian
citizen who was denied the right to vote
in a free and fair election to determine
their country's future including the
countless Russian Patriots who have
risked so much to protest and resist
Putin's regime so the guy the guy who
really gets me is this deep state
jackass John Brennan from Obama's CIA
this is a guy who was spying as if I
recall rightly he was spying on
reporters so why is now on MSNBC and CNN
why is now talking there but here he is
talking about the Russian call this was
cut number ten well I think he's
mishandled so many matters so just look
at what happened yesterday with his call
to lobbying Putin Vladimir Putin was the
person who authorized the interference
in our election I've met Putin almost
certainly was involved in directing the
poisoning of an individual on British
soil and to congratulate him and to
treat him so nicely while he treats
Americans with such disdain
I think it just demonstrates that he
looks at the world through a prism of
what is going to help and protect Donald
Trump that is not what presidents are
supposed to do I work for six presidents
I didn't agree with some of the policies
but all of them all of them were trying
to do what they thought was best for the
United States that's not mr. Trump he is
self-absorbed and he is trying to just
promote his own interests and protect
his flanks do we have a picture of the
president congratulating Putin there he
is
oh wait that's the wrong president
that's Barack Obama shaking hands with
here's the report from the time this is
in March 11th the Russian people and
international observers may not see last
Sunday's presidential election in Russia
as legitimate but President Barack Obama
has now officially endorsed the return
of Russian past and future President
Vladimir Putin President Obama called
Russian president-elect and Prime
Minister Putin to congratulate him on
his recent victory in the Russian
presidential election President Obama
highlighted achievements in us-russia
relations over the past three years this
is a statement from the White House over
the past three years with President
Medvedev including cooperation on
Afghanistan the conclusion and
ratification of the START agreement
Obama told Putin he looked forward to
Putin's mavis same statement the exhibit
has been said exactly the same thing
that Trump said now you can say oh yes
but then we didn't know about the
Russian medley ridiculous it's
ridiculous you know the Russians have
been meddling with our elections forever
the only reason we know about it now is
because Trump was elected yeah we even
had this thing where he says Obama told
Putin that we could benefit economically
from Russia's joining the World Trade
Organization and this could be in a
reference to the administration of the
Obama administration's efforts to get
Congress to repeal the 1974
jackson-vanik law that prevents the u.s.
from giving Russia permanent normal
trade status and that law did get repeal
although it got repealed they also
attached the Magnitsky act to it but it
didn't deal I mean you have to remember
this that Obama was telling businessmen
he was bringing businessmen to Russia to
try and set the big wreath a big red
reset button that Hillary Clinton did
say you know I'm all I'm saying is is
this you know Trump has been much
tougher on Russia
than Obama ever was he's imposed new
sanctions on him he signed sanctions for
their human rights abuses and he has
continued to punish Russia with like oh
gosh it's not all these things he's
approved the largest sale of lethal
defense weapons to the Ukrainian forces
that's a big one right because that was
something that Obama never did so he has
been very tough on Russia but it doesn't
come out of his mouth he doesn't say it
because he uses words differently from
other presidents I'm not saying whether
that's good or bad but meanwhile
meanwhile let us never forget we'll
never forget there's one moment with
Obama and Dmitry Medvedev when Medvedev
was the outgoing president and and
Vladimir Putin was about to take over
and everybody knew that Vladimir Putin
was now going to become a dictator and
he leaned over in this hot mic Mountain
moment and said you know I will have
more flexibility after my next election
here it is well just play at first sight
I will transmit this information to
Vladimir and what was he talking about
us plans for an anti-missile shield but
devilled relations between Washington
and Moscow despite Obama's reset and
ties between the former coffee was
telling him we don't have to put
missiles in in Europe to protect them
and I'll have I'll be able to do that
once I'm not running for election he
knew the people would get angry about it
so he was just whispering in his ear
when this was brought up to a CNN anchor
woman she didn't even know this had ever
happened that's how that's how bad the
double standard is again it's just to
create an atmosphere of crisis and
corruption and malfeasance in the Trump
campaign that simply didn't exist when
the Obama administration with its
corruption and its malfeasance and its
crises was actually in office and
causing a lot of the problems we have
now the other thing is this Facebook
mining thing let me read this is absurd
you know this is this is the Trump
campaign got some of its voter
information on voters by mining
information off Facebook and get an app
and it downloads or you send
questionnaires to people and they use
this organization Cambridge analytic
during the primaries now this is
important they used it during the
primaries Cambridge analytic after the
primaries the Trump campaign found that
the RNC the Republicans had better
information than Cambridge analytic
assaut they just went with the basic
party information here is CNN in 211
reporting on the fact that this is
obviously before the to 2012 re-election
reporting on the fact that Obama is
using apps to mine information off
Facebook so this is CNN reporting on
that Obama may be struggling in the
polls and even losing support among his
core boosters but when it comes to the
modern mechanics of identifying
connecting with and mobilizing voters as
well as the challenge of integrating
voter information with the complex
internal workings of a national campaign
Obama's team is way ahead of the
Republican pack alone among the major
candidates running for president the
Obama campaign not only has a Facebook
page with 23 million likes roughly 10
times the total of all the Republicans
running it has a Facebook app that is
scooping up all kinds of juicy facts
about his supporters users of the Obama
2012 app are you in are not only giving
the campaign personal data like their
name gender okay it's like he's a genius
okay now here's the New York Times on
Trump doing exactly the same thing how
Trump consultants exploited the Facebook
data of millions during a week of
inquiries from The Times Facebook
downplayed the scope of this leak and
questioned whether any of the data still
remained out of its control but on
Friday the company posted a statement
expressing alarm and promising to take
action this was a scam and a fraud you
know and now and now senator Amy
Klobuchar from Minnesota is calling for
an investigation she wants Facebook to
come in and testify play the cut number
five her describing what happened on
Facebook we've learned now things that
they thought were safe weren't safe
50 million people in America have now
had their data basically breached and I
know they don't like that word breach
but the last time I checked if someone
broke into my apartment with a crowbar
it would be the same as if the apartment
manager gave them a key and let them in
and let them take stuff and in this case
they've taken their Facebook friends
they've taken their addresses things
like that and then we find out that they
gave it basically we believe to a
campaign and there are all kinds of
potential legal violations here of the
first and foremost is Cambridge analytic
ah itself and how that works with the
Trump campaign and is that truly the
value a couple million dollars compared
to what I think someone has said maybe a
hundred million dollars in value that's
a potential major election violation
then you have Facebook itself in 2011
signed a consent decree with the FTC
because of privacy issues and said they
pay forty thousand dollars for each
individual violation so this is just the
beginning of what I consider
a focus on where we need to focus on and
that is the sanctity of the privacy of
this data attic is sacred and you know
Facebook is reacting because here's the
thing the Democrats obviously are the
big government people they don't believe
in freedom of speech they do not believe
in every single Democrat voted for a
rewrite of the first amendment that
would have given Congress the power to
decide what was should be protected by
the First Amendment in election at
election times and what not they do not
believe in free speech they do believe
in massive government controlling every
aspect of your life so Facebook looks at
that and even if every single person who
worked at Facebook weren't a left-winger
and they are because of course you get
fired in Silicon Valley even for
wondering if maybe men and women are not
quite exactly the same so everybody at
Facebook is a left-winger but even if
they weren't their bread is buttered on
the side of the people who oppose free
speech because they're the people who
will investigate them they're the people
who will shut them down it's not the
Republicans the Republicans are ticked
off too and should bring them in and
should start to talk about the fact that
there is no competition for spreading
information online that is a problem
online it is not it isn't you know
capitalism needs its book ends just like
every other thing that people do every
single thing that people do needs to
have bookends right you and I can argue
but I can't strangle you during the
argument that's the bookend on our
argument everything including capitalism
needs that bookends and it could be that
the people who spread information have
gotten so big that they need in some way
to be broken up not limited in what they
can do but broken up so there's more
competition and so the Conservatives
when as Facebook is doing when Facebook
starts to change their algorithm
purposely to fight against not against
the misuse of information by political
people only to prevent someone like
Donald Trump from getting elected again
that's why they're doing it that's why
the panic matters that that is the whole
way it works it's panic about fake news
there for Facebook and and Google and
YouTube bring in left wingers to police
their news the panic that atmosphere of
panic is what they're playing using to
silence speech of conservatives and
and and that and this is like you know
they then bring in this an cambridge
analytic and they start to do
investigations into it and the
investigations i mean they show you it
is frightening the way these guys can
use information there is one a play the
the this is an undercover investigation
into cambridge illiterate analytic had
done by british channel four and they
went undercover and interviewed these
guys played cut number two on how they
can use this information to create fears
you don't even know you have two
fundamental human drivers when it comes
to taking information onboard
effectively hopes and fears and many of
those are unspoken and they even
unconscious you didn't know that was a
fear until you saw something but just
evoked that reaction from you and our
job is to get is to drop the bucket
further down the world than anybody else
understand what others really
deep-seated underlying fears concerns
there is no good fighting an election
campaign or the facts because actually
it's all about emotion it's all about
and what they can do is they can find
out the kinds of places where you're
likely to go and suddenly you start
seeing stories that cause you to be
fearful of your guns being taken away or
fearful of you know the evil guns that
they're going to come and kill your
children in schools but whichever side
they happen to be getting paid for at
the time the other thing that they did
and this has nothing to do with donald
trump this is not there's no accusation
to keep the way they run these stories
is they hate say the trump related firm
or affirm the Trump worked with they
keep doing that and the other thing they
talked about is they use entrapment to
destroy the reputations of politicians
that they don't like or that their
clients are running against and they
caught this guy Alexander nix who runs
the firm and was just suspended for this
video right here this is cut number
three
which I'm account face of our guy and we
got posted on the Facebook or YouTube or
something like this so that's really bad
and they do this investigation and they
basically tar Trump with the fact that
he worked with this company but the you
know let me read you just a little bit
of this Victor Davis Hanson piece which
you can find at American greatness the
whole point is the atmosphere of
corruption the atmosphere of disaster
the atmosphere of crisis that they're
creating every single day even when just
when Andrew McCabe was fired because
Obama's and and Obama appointed
inspector general told it told the FBI
that McCabe had lied and the FBI's
essentially Internal Affairs system is
recommended to Jeff Sessions that he'd
be for that McCabe be fired that was
Trump going to war with the FBI we saw
Chuck Todd a truly low moment in
journalism Chuck good job you know
saying oh this is Trump at war with the
FBI when there's no evidence whatsoever
so Victor Davis Hanson
says here are a series of questions that
do not seem to trouble anyone but the
answers to these should expose why so
many of the people today alleging
scandals should themselves be considered
scandalous and I'll read these quickly
because I want to get to the mailbag
but these vdh has these questions had
Hillary Clinton won the election would
we now even know of a fusion GPS dossier
would assorted miscreants such as Andrew
McCabe Bruce or Lisa page Glenn Simpson
Christopher Steele or Peter struck now
be under a cloud of suspicion obviously
they wouldn't if Clinton had won would
we now know of any Russian supplied
smears against Donald Trump would a FISA
judge now be complaining that he was
misled in a warrant request are any
Russian related interest currently still
donating millions of dollars to the
Clinton Foundation why is Bill Clinton
this is a great question why is Bill
Clinton no longer being asked to speak
by various groups including those with
Russian ties for $500,000 and above per
talk because they can't trade with them
for political favors because they've
lost political power that's why that's
the answer
what is the qualification for line or
giving false information to FBI
investigators and did the information
supply to the FBI
Cheryl Mills and Huma Abedin concerning
their knowledge of the use of Hillary
Clinton's private server qualified and
otherwise why was Michael Flynn indicted
for this when Hillary Clinton and her
gang of thieves weren't what would have
happened had the FISA Court justices
been apprised by the FBI and the Justice
Department that the submitted steel
dossier was paid for by Hillary Clinton
impossible to verify by the FBI and the
sole source for news stories that were
being used in circular fashion in other
words in other words this entire scandal
this whole scandal could be summed up by
one sentence it's the scandal that the
Democrats lost that is the scandal that
everybody's covering they're covering it
every day from any angle they can all
the danger all the crisis all the
hysteria is that they lost and they are
the media the media and the Democrat
Party are the same people and that's
what's so shameful and that's what
causes this atmosphere and this is why I
keep saying you know conservatives say
well we should make a conservative movie
no we need to take back the culture
takes a major major effort from all
hands on deck all right we got the
mailbag coming up all of your questions
answered answers guaranteed a hundred
percent correct which a got to subscribe
to get your answers to get your
questions in the mailbag so come on over
to the daily wire.com and subscribe for
a lousy ten bucks a month or a hundred
bucks for the year and you can then ask
your questions and your problems to will
be solved all right the mailbag so
Lindsey on Twitter just talking about
how exhausted she was with her new baby
that's that is the thing they don't tell
you they don't tell you what level of
exhaustion is possible to reach with a
new baby from Ronald dear Andrew you
have talked about gender roles in
marriage on your show and I would
greatly appreciate some advice I agree
that a man should protect his wife and
children
however I am blind and I do not think I
will be able to physically protect my
future family like a sighted person can
I would not be very good with a gun for
example do you have any suggestions I'm
currently single but this will be an
important consideration for when I marry
thank you very much and keep the satire
coming you know you know what every
single one of us at some level it
has limits physical limits mental limits
to our image of our ideal manhood and to
our ideal personhood and you have a
disability being blind as a disability
and yes you are not going to be a big
help in a shootout with the Daltons you
are much more likely in your life
instead of you having a shootout
with the Daltons to come in to to have
to protect your family from the culture
from dishonesty from a having a father
who doesn't live up to his fatherly role
your manhood is built in it you build
your manhood through courage and
integrity that is what all of us do all
of us have limits I mean you know like I
used to be a fairly tough customer now
I'm an old guy I don't know like I don't
want to get knife fights with anybody
most of us don't want to get in fights
most of us can't avoid getting in in
actual fights you protect your children
by being there by being their dad by
showing them what courage and integrity
looks like you have I don't mean to be a
Pollyanna at all I understand that being
blind is a disability but you have also
the opportunity to show them that that
doesn't stop you that doesn't stop you
from being a man that doesn't stop you
from showing them with courage and
integrity look like you know those are
you're much more likely to face moral
dangers than physical dangers and your
children oh if you arm your children
with a father's guidance and a father's
example and how moral dangers are faced
you will have done for them everything
that God needs you to do and I think
that's you know that you shouldn't worry
about that in the least all of us all of
us have shortcomings all of us have some
kind of disability none of us is what we
want to be none of us lives up to what
we want to be but you have the
opportunity to show them what fatherhood
looks like and that is everything from
Spencer
dear Kobe LeBron Michael Jordan Clavin
they you notice that those guys and I
are never seen at the same time I was
just listening to a conversation between
my intellectual cousins and his mother
about raising children
my cousin claims that he doesn't need
religion to teach his children rational
thought and reason and that he doesn't
need God to teach his children to not
kill the person walking down the street
his mother on the other hand is very
religious and I wanted to back her up
with the argument that without God right
and wrong
simply an opinion but after this claim I
would have run out of talking points as
I feel he would have responded with
something resembling well isn't
listening to God's words simply
listening to an opinion too I know this
is wrong but I can't seem to complete my
thought on how I would respond thanks
love the show you know this is this is
kind of the continent paradox Immanuel
Kant the philosopher said that we can't
we can't need the revelation of the
Bible because how would we even
recognize it as revelation if we didn't
know right from wrong already okay now
obviously Immanuel Kant was a great
philosopher I am just a barefoot teller
of tales but I think that is actually
missing the point
the point is God has already revealed to
us and giving us the sense of right and
wrong he has already given us the
conscience to recognize right and wrong
but it is shaped by and guaranteed by
God's presence and by God's Word and
God's Word also helps us to know how to
get to the right and wrong we want to
get to ask your intellectual cousins
this if Hitler had won the war if every
country on Earth were now in Nazi
country if everybody on earth were now
in a Nazi country except for the Nazis
victims who had no power and no voice
would Nazism then be right everybody
would think it was if everybody on earth
were a Nazi would it still be right
would it still be right or would it be
wrong anyway if nobody knew anymore that
Nazism was wrong would it still be wrong
I think you have to get agree that it
would be and if you don't agree with
that then when your kid comes to you and
he is surrounded by playmates who all
say the same thing ah drugs great love
drugs drugs are great it's it's only the
old fogies and remember that's your kids
world your whole kids whole world is
gonna be his friends in his peer group
and if they're telling him Oh stealing
great it's great where does his more out
what is his morality then anchored in
because his were the world of his peers
is going to be more important to him at
that point in the world of his parents
what is his morality anchored in it's
not anchored in reason reason tells you
that if you can get away with something
you should get away with it I don't this
is the question I never understand it's
not why you should be it's not why you
should
live its why you should not kill the
other guy and take his stuff and rape
his women if you can get away with it if
nobody's there to us to stop you look
you don't need religion to teach right
from wrong but you know right from wrong
because of religion after all not every
culture grew up with our sense of right
and wrong our sense that individuals
have dignity our sense that women are
have equal rights not everybody has that
not every that didn't come from nowhere
that came from our religious perspective
it came from the world that we built and
the logic of the God that we worship so
he has that logic already but he's
indebted to it without knowing it so
what he's doing is he's living on
religions dime without paying without
paying religion back so he could he can
successfully teach his kids right from
wrong because he grew up in Christendom
because he grew up in a world shaped by
the Christian religion and and that's
all that's all he's doing he's just
saying I don't need that I'm standing
he's standing on the shoulders of a
giant and he thinks that he's flying
that's basically it right he doesn't
realize that he is standing on this
world that was built by the Gospels from
Patricia hi Andrew I have read dynamite
Road but I'm unable to find the two next
books in this trilogy on Amazon they are
on Amazon I think that some of them are
out of print and you have to get old
versions of them but you can and they
still sell them on Kindle
they're called shotgun Ally and
damnation Street and you can still get
them on Amazon I checked dear this is
from Christian dear master of the
multiverse Clavin I heard you talk with
Knowles about how colonizing wasn't evil
how could you go more in depth about
what you meant yes imperialism
imperialism has become thought of as the
great evil many great evils come from
imperialism many while being
imperialistic and while colonizing other
countries people did evil things they
oppressed they enslave they killed they
did all kinds of evil things but in that
process something really important
happened and I would say it was in fact
the reason why we have nation-states so
if you go back to the Greeks and then
the Romans the Greek culture in its at
its height was one of the greatest
cultures that has ever set foot on the
earth right
we culture with its philosophers with
its playwrights with its understanding
of freedom it basically is the
birthplace that is the birthplace of
democracy it's a Greek word democracy
the Romans were a much more militaristic
much more domineering much less
thoughtful people and it was they who
spread the Greek culture to all the
lands that they conquered the
civilization lives in Cesar's footsteps
you can almost trace Caesars conquest
and say ah that's where freedom
eventually grew up so Rome was like a
machine for spreading through
imperialism for spreading Greek culture
I believe that Britain and America are
in exactly the same relation not like
nothing is exact but in a very similar
relation to the Greeks and the Romans
the British thought up so much of what
we think of as modern Liberty so much of
the Constitution and the Declaration are
completely Oh their birth to the British
system of common law that grew up you
know through their centuries and we have
not contributed quite as much thought
we've contributed like the Romans did
we've contributed a lot of technology a
lot of transportation a lot of
information and through that we have
begun to spread what is essentially
British culture to the whole world in
the same way that the post Greek Empire
culture was called Hellenistic because
everybody had gotten a taste of it now
we are living in a world where everybody
sort of knows that we're supposed to
behave like the British so our
colonialism is a good thing in that way
what is good in the new world is we
don't really use troops we don't really
put troops on the ground we don't really
take your government away and replace it
with our government we don't install
Pontius Pilate we can do it simply by
information and example and that's why
that is why the lefts attacks on America
through the movies and through
television and through news that's why
they're so damaging because those people
need what we've got they have lost their
faith in freedom they've lost their
faith in capitalism but it's capitalism
and freedom that the rest of the world
needs and as you see as we see
authoritarianism encroaching all over
the world I'm not blaming all that on
Hollywood
but Hollywood bears some responsibility
for not spreading the good news of
British culture which is what what we're
here to do basically so that's why I
think colonialism and imperialism is a
good thing but obviously if you can do
it without soldiers and without killing
people
I'm for that from Kay Lord Clavin my 21
year old son though very smart and
filled with potential struggles with
adulthood to say the least though not a
troublemaker he consorted with
troublemakers is irresponsible unkempt
smokes pot and can't keep a job
he's also disturbingly antisocial
depressed and paralyzed by fear he
doesn't live with us but is still a part
of our lives
I believe he needs professional help he
definitely has a DD or may even be
bipolar and he doesn't know how to go
about seeking help and of course has no
money I know enough about not enabling
addicts to know that he has got to do
this himself do you have any advice for
him uh you know he doesn't have to do
everything himself I think it's really
good that he's living away from you and
I don't think he should be in your house
and I don't think you should be
supporting him I think all that is right
but there's no reason you couldn't pay
for treatment there's no reason you
couldn't pay to get him to a
psychiatrist which i think is what he
needs if in fact if you're right and he
is bipolar he's gonna need some
medication that's an actual physical
disease even though it manifests itself
in in mental ways but I think that
getting him treatment is something you
could definitely do and then the other
thing Kay I don't know if your mom or
dad here but I think that the other
thing you should do is get treatment for
yourself al-anon I'm always a big fan of
al-anon they teach you a lot of tricks
about how they call it what do they call
it separating with love or something
like that where you if in fact he is an
addict of some sort you have to
understand that there's only so much you
can do and there's things you can't do
and you have to know how to get away
from that emotionally and yet give what
help you can but you shouldn't you
shouldn't feel like you can't do
anything for him you can't support his
habit you can't take him back in you
can't pay for his life but you could
maybe help him out getting treatment
that may be something that would turn
the tide for him from Samuel Samuel dear
misspelled Clavin what his
Christianity's best chance for a revival
I've read the spiritual that I've read
of the spiritual revival that preceded
the American Revolution but I failed to
see if the circumstances
distant modern culture that would permit
such a revival to reoccur as you know
spirituality as the trend now what will
Christianity need to do and vehemently
address in order to enable a large
cultural shift to Christ I believe and I
actually believe this will happen I
believe that this time it has to come
from the intellectuals I think the
intellectuals destroyed the temple the
intellectuals have to build it back up
again
I think tent revivals are great and I
think bringing religion to the people
also great but I think that they cannot
withstand the slow steady hammering of
every possible communication outlet
attacking Christianity has this happened
before
yes it did in the 18th century when the
French Revolution exploded and this you
know they call this the Enlightenment
see this is this is the other this
drives me nuts
when people talk about the Enlightenment
I'm reading Jonah Goldberg's book where
he's always attacking the romantics and
he always says the romantics were a
reaction to the reason the age of reason
with feelings and that's not right that
is just not right the age of absolute
reason resulted in the French Revolution
which resulted in terror tyranny and
world war okay and what the British
romantics were reacting to they were
saying well that didn't go so well you
know the entire world is now devolved
into war the entire world as we know it
as Napoleon tries to conquer everybody
and reign and deliver French tyranny on
everybody maybe we missed something in
the age of reason and what they
understood that they missed was the
internal experience of being human the
soul at the same time there was what was
called the Oxford movement where
intellectuals began reom bracing Christ
and this got Wordsworth the great
Romantic poet Wordsworth ultimately
became part of the Oxford movement and
it didn't restore the reasons behind
Christianity so that in other words
people could believe in it again and CS
Lewis did this again during World War
two when he started reminding people of
why we believe what we believe that it's
not just oh you know don't be gay don't
drink you know wear a tie and go to
church it actually is a reason for
believing and a reason and the believing
gives you the reason for living very
important so that's where what I believe
will actually happen the thing that
people are struggling with because
so many intellectuals know this I've
said this before but so many books are
now being written where they say you
know what we're missing here we're
missing Christianity
I can't believe myself but it would be
nice if it came back and the stumbling
block they have I think is the
miraculous they're having a hard time
believing the miraculous because this
stuff don't happen we all agree on that
this stuff don't happen if it did happen
we wouldn't think G what wasn't this
Jesus that he was doing these things and
Jesus constantly refers to the
miraculous as proof of his mission he
says go and tell John the Baptist what
I'm doing go and tell him that the blind
are given sight go and tell them that
the lame walk so those are the things
that intellectuals are going to have to
recover their belief in because I think
that is what what Christ is is he is
proof of what we already know we already
know that we're people we already know
that we have free will we already know
that andrew is Andrew John is John Jane
is Jane but Jesus delivers us proof of
the the fact that those things are
eternal that they matter more than the
physical world that they in fact that is
the spiritual world that's in command so
that's what I think is great it's going
to take I think it's going to take the
intellectuals to step up and recover
their faith and I believe they already
are doing it it's happening it quietly
often the side but it will happen it
will happen more publicly eventually all
right I think we have to go to
tickety-boo news let's do it today is
World Poetry day so I'm going to read a
short poem one of the great poems I
decided since its World Poetry day I'm
going to read what I believe and it may
if I'm not if there's one I'm not
thinking of you can write and tell me I
believe is the greatest poem ever
written about reading poetry okay and
it's by John Keats my favorite poet
called on first looking into Chapman's
homer and just to give you a little
background in Keats his time which is
this time we're talking about this time
of the transition from the Enlightenment
age or the age of reason to the Romantic
era the the translations of Homer were
very formal and polite but Chapman was
this medieval translator who had given a
much more earthy translation and so one
night he and a pal sat up his
George Chapman he and a pal named George
Cowan Clark sat up together reading the
Chapmans homer and it was a revelation
to Keats and Keats was shaped Clark said
kids was shouting with delight as some
passage of a special energy struck his
imagination and at ten o'clock the next
morning Clark woke up and he found this
sonnet one of Keats's earliest and
greatest sonnets on his breakfast table
the sonnet was lying there and the
sonnet talks about Keats is talking
about he says much of I traveled in the
realms of gold and he's talking about
traveling through the literary world the
world of the imagination the world that
the bards in fealty to Apollo holp
Apollo was the god of poetry so he's
talking about traveling through this
world but he never and he traveled
through the expanse of Homer's world but
he'd never really seen it until he read
Chapman's translation and then and this
is the important part he compares the
experience of reading Chapman's
translation to all the scientific
discovery and all the new world
discovery that was going on he said when
I read Chapman's translation it felt
like I was discovering a new planet
because I think was Uranus had just been
discovered and it felt like discovering
the Pacific and he makes one of the most
famous mistakes and literature
he says Cortez discovered the Pacific it
was actually Balboa and he was told
there was a mistake and said I won't
change it because I need that extra
syllable for my sonnet but but what he
is saying is all the science is great
all this discovery is great the new
world it's all great but the most
important discovery is still the
internal search for yourself for the
thing that art gives you the thing that
God gives you guarantees and shows you
the way toward that is what matters and
all these people who are talking about
now how science has done such miracles
it really has done such miracles as
diseases that ravaged the world are gone
our age expectancy our life expectancy
is so much greater famine virtually gone
all these things are wonderful but they
don't mean a thing if you ain't got your
life your inner life and people's lives
mattered even when there was famine even
when there was disease their lives
mattered to them
because of this internal search which
art helps in which religion health so
here's John Keats on World Poetry Day on
first looking into Chapman's Homer much
have I traveled in the realms of gold
and many goodly States and kingdoms seen
round many western islands have I been
which bards in fealty to Apollo hold oft
of one wide expanse had I been told the
deep brown homer ruled as his demean yet
did I never breathe it's pure serene
till I heard Chapman speak out loud and
bold then felt I like some watcher of
the skies when a new planet swims into
his kin or like stout Cortez when with
eagle eyes he stared at the Pacific and
all his men looked at each other with a
wild surmise silent upon a peak in
darienne I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show we'll see you
tomorrow the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover technical producer Austen
Stevens edited by Alex zingaro audio is
mixed by Mike Corr Mina hair and makeup
is by Jesuit vera and our animations are
by Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
