an atheist a vegan and a crossfitter
walk into a bar I only know that because
they told everyone within two minutes we
talk a fair bit about faith in
philosophy and science on this show and
sometimes we're even respectful of those
with whom we disagree today is not one
of those days I am joined today by
Anthony DeStefano best-selling author of
inside the Atheist mind unmasking the
religion of those who say there is no
God Anthony has written a number of
other books and appeared all over TV
poking fun at those insufferable pseudo
sophisticated theists we have all been
subjected to since 9/11 when we decided
to pretend that all religion was evil
per se rather than deal explicitly with
Islam we will discuss the nature of
atheism then why people are killing
themselves on International Day of
happiness Facebook is in trouble because
conservatives used it better than
Democrats and they're very upset about
that and Google is trying to shut down
right-leaning news sites
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show
before we get to all of that before we
get to talk about this book which I have
really enjoyed we have got we got to
make a little money honey we have to
make a little money with honey a
wonderful advertiser that helps keep the
lights on and not only do they help
support the show and keep the lights on
so you should love them they also helped
me save money personally and I've used
them for years and I always thought it
was like a cool secret but now I'm
letting the cat out of the bag this is
the easiest thing it isn't even like an
advertisement I'm just I'm just telling
you to do it there's no cost whatsoever
and it will save you money millions of
people are using honey to save money
while shopping online
why wouldn't they it is free it takes
just two clicks to add it to your
browser and it saves you tons of money
it is ingenious one of my favorite
things about honey is how much better it
makes shopping on Amazon so I use Amazon
a lot obvious have I've published books
on Amazon and I fit a nice relationship
with them before
honey magically adds all sorts of useful
info right onto the Amazon page of
whatever you were looking at so you can
just shop like you normally do if you're
especially you're looking for books or
Kindle or audible or whatever you you
can see it on there honey automatically
searches the two million sellers on
Amazon it finds you the lowest price
even just on that one website it works
everywhere though it shows you the items
price changes so you can decide if you
want to buy it or you say oh you know
the price is kind of moving down maybe
I'll wait a little bit maybe it's up now
wait until it comes back down if you
decide to wait just add it to the honey
drop list it will notify you if the
price drops when honey's got your back
you will never overpay for anything on
Amazon again I use these guys all the
time I'm telling you my step-brother
works in Internet ad sales so he's
always kind of on the cutting edge of
all of these things and he told me I
don't know years ago he said you have to
add this and I said well what's the
catch I said it's free money okay but
how do i but how do I use it I have to
well you just you just click it and then
it's there and then it's there and it
saves you all of this money do you
remember in the old days I think this
was the early 17th century you would
have to look online and Google different
coupon codes and then you'd try one and
it doesn't work and yeah but it's it at
80% success rate okay I'll go back we
were this might as well a 2% blah blah
blah yeah ma'am
come on it is 2018 treat yourself you
don't need that is too much energy being
expended on saving four dollars let it
happen automatically with honey I really
love it there is no reason not to add
honey to your browser today it's free it
takes just two clicks to install it
we'll make sure you always get the
lowest price on Amazon add honey to your
browser for free right now at join honey
calm slash cough fa ce o-- v f EF e add
a little more cough fa to your to your
pocketbook join honey calm / cough fa
that is join honey calm / cough fa c OV
e f e fe i will begin before we bring
our guests on by quoting from an early
part of the book anthony writes quote if
you were a militant atheist this book is
not for you it's about you this book is
also not meant for agnostics who are
sincerely searching for the truth the
focus of this book is on those obnoxious
and aggressive new atheists who not only
reject God but also wish to evangelize
the whole world with their gospel of
nothingness too many books written in
response to these pseudo-intellectual
blowhards have been altogether too nice
I like it you know some weeks get a
little too nice sometimes not exactly
subtle yesterday you know I talked to
Jordan Peterson about God and the nature
of truth and I I asked him does God
exist I'm not talking about metaphor I'm
not talking about signifier signified is
he he does he exist metaphysically and
physically or is he just a total fantasy
and Jordan did this little dance and he
actually admitted he said I don't know I
can't I can't I'm not gonna tell you he
does and I can't I just don't you know
he was very honest about that he was
reluctant to admit what I think is the
crucial essence of the whole thing he
just wrote a book explaining in 12 rules
for life my guest today is not a victim
of such subtlety
let's bring Anthony on so we can talk
about this Anthony thank you for being
here thank you for having me I'm
thrilled so you you write this book
about the New Atheists and the New
Atheists we all remember that's
Christopher Hitchens who's right I
actually loved his writing but his
points about religion yeah a lot of us
do he's such a wonderful word Smith and
points about religion and ridiculous
Richard Dawkins Daniel Dennett Sam
Harris I want to know the Four Horsemen
of the Apocalypse how did these guys
crop up and why did they all crop up
around the same time in the early 2000s
you know it's just a question of
atheists gaining more power once they
had more power politically and once they
had more power in the media and power
and Hollywood once they had more power
they reared their ugly heads but this is
nothing new this kind of rabid anti God
rhetoric has gone right back to the days
of Nietzsche and all those existential
atheists of the 19th century but they
got some power now and they they they
were able to get a little a little brave
I think they had an opening - I agree
with Andrew Clavin on this point who
observes it all happened after 9/11 and
9/11 presented us with this problem
which is that clearly at least one
religion has a big problem to deal with
and there were there were two options
for the West either we could deal with
Islam and say this religion specifically
has a problem or we can say oh it's just
all yeah just God in general just all
religion it's it's no good we don't like
it and there is this combination which
you write about of arrogance and
ignorance
you talk about the arrogance of the New
Atheists then you write about their
ignorance Mark Twain wrote it ain't what
you don't know that gets you into
trouble it's what you know for sure that
just ain't so and I've always found that
intellectual snobbery has been an
effective tool against the frivolous
arguments of the New Atheists
because they're they think they're
intellectuals but they're not a really
middle brow how can guys as credentialed
as they are Daniel Dennett Richard
Dawkins how can they be so ignorant how
have they missed so much historical and
philosophical education
well they want to miss it that's what it
really comes down to the atheism really
is a kind of a faith it's not just
ignorant it's it's a faith with it's a
whole system of beliefs really a system
with its own philosophy materialism its
own culture secularism its own politics
social Darwinism its own morality
relativism it's it's even got its own
sacraments promotion in euthanasia so
it's a whole once you understand that
it's a faith system then then their
their arrogance and the the evangelistic
quality of their right and their there
are so many versions of this everybody's
got to serve somebody and so the
environmentalists have the original sin
of pollution and they have the sacrament
of the sell indulgences in the form of
those carbon tax credits don't they
they're in certain versions of
intersectionality there's the original
sin of privilege there is there's
actually the gnostic metaphysics of
transgenderism i am i appear to be a man
but the flesh is evil and really
metaphysically I'm a woman you see all
of these sorts of things crop up all of
the time
atheists they pull away when you say
that their religion is a faith how can
we convince them of this point
well if 8th is just believing something
that you can't mathematically prove
that's what faith is and say an atheist
takes so many things on faith they
believe that everything came from
nothing well that's you can't prove that
scientifically they believe that this in
this amazing universe of ours of
incomparable beauty harmony and order
came about by itself that's that's faith
they're trapped into this whole
materialist worldview or everything has
to do with atoms and molecules you know
all our hopes and dreams and desires or
our art and culture and history or all
our deepest desire for everything that's
good and beautiful and true all that to
them is just the doing the random
movement of molecules that's not that's
not science that's faith what's more
that's an irrational faith that's the
basis for all superstition so they have
a faith they must be called out on this
point because this faith that they have
has been risen
possible from what bloodshed and carnage
then any system of beliefs the world is
there and and really in service of the
faith there I've always liked the
definition that faith is the the
substance of things hoped for and the
evidence of things unseen and have how
better to describe the utopian political
goals of the left the the idea that yeah
you've got to crack some eggs to make an
omelet we're just going to kill a few
more million people but then we'll have
World Peace then we'll have prosperity
then we'll have equality or tolerance or
whatever you say about this you push
back on the point all of the new
atheists say that religion and God have
caused all of the wars in the world you
say that that isn't true at all oh my
goodness it's it's an incontrovertible
fact that it's not true and the opposite
is true
atheists have caused more war and
bloodshed than anyone if you look at
Philip Axelrod's monumental encyclopedia
of war he catalogued all the wars from
8000 BC on to today and he found that
six point nine eight percent of them
would do to religious causes and if you
eliminate Islam from that equation only
Christianity is only responsible for 3.2
percent so your second 96 percent of all
the wars in this planet would do two
other reasons like economic gain
territorial gain Civil War Revolutionary
War those are the reasons for war and if
you look at the last hundred years alone
you'll see that atheist regimes like
Stalin and Mao Zedong and Pol Pot and
yes Adolf Hitler because he was an
atheist or we're responsible for a
hundred and fifty million murders 150
million deaths that is incontrovertible
fact and they don't want to look at that
though because it because it it's so
obvious yeah and they're kind of damned
if they do and damned if they don't
because is a speaking of Hitler's
religion I think we're gonna hopefully
do an interview there's a good book out
on Hitler's religion a lot of people
would like to pretend it was
Christianity but there's a lot of
evidence that that wasn't even close to
the case but of course if atheism is a
faith then I suppose we can say all of
the Wars of the world are religious but
of but if we're talking about
Christianity if we're talking about the
relay
of the West then certainly that cannot
be the case in the 20th century is all
of the evidence we need for that Sam
Harris said oh you I've got um you know
before we keep talking about Sam we got
to make some more money we have to
listen because this it is very important
to prosper my religion tells me that to
him who has much more will be given to
him who has not very much even the
little which he has will be taken away I
want to be the profitable servant I want
to take care of the talents in that
wonderful parable of the hedge fund
managers and so we need to thank another
sponsor this of course is speaking of
the parable of the good servant and the
the talents house-call Pro this is a
great way to run your business does
everybody's got to make some money you
can't just bury your talents underground
and then forget about it and then get
thrown where there's weeping and
gnashing of teeth you meet this service
is so good it is so 21st century it
revolutionizes service businesses so do
you want a service business are you
using pen and paper are you constantly
chasing down payments from your
customers or you you might be chasing me
down I never pay those things when you
try to send the invoice or whatever have
you missed out on a job because you're
away from your phone in a mobile centric
world wouldn't it be amazing to handle
all of your business from your phone and
always have access to your customer
history no matter where you are of
course it would I've got to tell you
about house-call Pro now for instance my
uncle has his own business he does
hardwood floors buff hardwood floors for
a living and it could be very you know
very complicated and you got to send
this you got to put this in the mail you
got oh if I'm gonna be late I gotta how
do you let this person know it it gets
complicated especially if you're the
business especially if you know it's a
small business you're doing it yourself
you have a few employees house-call Pro
is designed for any service business
there's an easy-to-use app you'll get
more time with your family more time
doing the things you love it's voted the
number one software to run your business
on the go it saves time and it organizes
your business for you it's good for any
business that provides a home service
plumbing carpet cleaning HVAC
electricians any of those businesses
which you like keep all of society going
finally here's
Ellucian to help you run that much more
efficiently it can do scheduling and
dispatching it will send customers SMS
text message updates through the entire
process there's online booking there's
payment processing come on give yourself
a break don't take this off your hands
you don't need to worry about that even
just the mental anxiety and the
exhaustion of odd did I send it to this
and blah blah blah forget get rid of all
that if you are ready to get your
service business organized and
streamlined with your customers go to
house-call Pro comm slash coffe FA Co V
Fe Fe tell them the Michael Knowles show
sent you you have to do that real I mean
you'll save some money mostly so that we
get credit for that we keep the lights
on in here but tell them the Michael
Noel's show sent you they will waive
your $99 activation fee you'll save $100
a Ben won't throw me out on the street
this week I'll get another week in it
before he tosses me and throws a leftist
ears tumbler of my head go to house call
procom / co f fa co v fe fe back to
these crazy atheists sam harris said
that if he could rid the world of rape
or religion he would choose a religion
Christopher Hitchens said that all faith
claims are equally rotten false
dishonest corrupt humorless and
dangerous everything from that friendly
Unitarian down the street to the axe
wielding jihadi Sam Harris said some
propositions are so dangerous that it
may even be ethical to kill people for
believing them why or the New Atheists
so fanatically intolerant to borrow a
buzzword well it goes back to what we
just were talking about it's a faith
it's a religion every bit as evangelical
and as driven as Islamic fundamentalism
there's a saying that methey ism is a
religion with two doctrines one there is
no God and so and the you know part
psychologically it might just be that
misery loves company you know these
people are basically miserably unhappy
and cynical and and like all miserably
unhappy people they want the rest of us
to be as unhappy and hopeless as they
are and the other the other point is
that something that Peter Hitchens which
is who is Chris Hitchens brother he made
he believed in God and he said why in
the world with these atheists choose to
believe in this cosmic car crash where
nothing means anything where they don't
where nothing has any value the reason
is because they don't want anything to
have any transcendent transcendent
values they want everything to just be
centered around themselves they worship
themselves and anything that gets in the
way of that worship of themselves
they're against and in theology
Christian theology is a it's a funny
because today is International Day of
happiness this was something founded by
the UN about five years ago and yet
according to a UN study a happiness is
at a ten year low in America and suicide
rates are skyrocketing among various
demographics not just among middle-aged
men who comprise or constitute most
suicides in the country the question of
happiness is a strange one when it comes
to atheism because CS Lewis wrote if you
look for truth you might find comfort in
the end but if you look for comfort
you'll find neither truth nor comfort
only soft soap and wishful thinking to
begin and in the end despair it seems
that we're looking for the happiness but
we're not we're not acknowledging the
truth that will create that happiness
and to your point Norm Macdonald the
great philosopher but really the great
greatest stand-up comedian of our of our
age norm says he doesn't believe they're
atheists because like you don't if you
don't think something is real you don't
spend your entire life talking about it
you know I don't spend like I don't
spend my whole life talking about
dragons or something I don't know that I
don't spend any time on a bat to this
point say what you will about atheism at
least the worldview is clear you know
dr. Johnson famously remarked all
shallows are clear a B'nai today theists
totally ignorant of whole categories of
thought millennia of intellectual
history they hurl out these varied
frivolous objections to the existence of
God you quote Vincent Bugliosi by
observing atheism is nothing really
nothing but a sorry litany of non
sequiturs so I want to ask it maybe the
only nice thing we can say about
atheists all day in atheistic philosophy
is there a coherent atheism it does
anybody pause at a coherent atheism
and if so who's not not recently if you
want coherent atheism you have to go
back to Nietzsche and Camus and all of
those older atheists who in many ways
were much braver and more intelligent
than today is kind of sappy atheists who
sort of play at atheism those atheists
knew how to take the logical
implications of their thinking all the
way forward they knew that that if you
didn't believe in God then there was no
such thing as good and evil you had to
go beyond good and evil they knew that
it was not no such thing as the dignity
of the human person and that human
beings could be used and that the only
philosophy was one of strength those
atheists is in the end those atheists
today accredit said life is absurd and
unhappy and so therefore we have to
assert ourselves boldly and assert our
will and be brave in the face of this
absurdity and tragedy today's atheist
this these milquetoast cowards are just
they they just say oh you don't believe
in God and and everything is just we
could be just as excellent employee so
say what you will about Nietzsche at
least he had the decency to die a madman
he denied the logic of the universe and
he had lived through those results the
same is true I know drew talks about the
marquis de sade as a coherent atheist
the guy that we get sadism from it what
he writes about is totally coherent and
it's horrifying and people would say no
no thank you I don't want any of that
this does get that the cowardliness of
this new atheism that wants all the good
stuff all the good fruits of
Christianity but it just doesn't want
that pesky belief that belief in God or
anything like that in your 6th chapter
so the thesis is that you can't practice
vice virtuously and this is a compelling
argument of atheists I think this is a
be compelling argument oh the moral law
couldn't possibly prohibit days long
drug fuelled orgies because I really
like those things so I know it couldn't
possibly be immoral or something like
that a you right quote if you're a
habitual thief then it's safe to assume
that you are not going to be a very
faithful person either it's just a
ridiculous Hollywood fantasy to think
that someone who sells drugs for a
living is also going to be a model
citizen and demonstrate heroic virtue in
his personal life
how much atheists thought of these new
kinds the
sentimental saccharin do whatever we
want kinds how much a theist thought is
really not intellectual at all but just
a way of rationalizing our debauched and
decadent behavior Oh eighty to ninety to
ninety nine percent of it they don't
have any rational arguments they have a
complete mystery where did everything
come from they cannot prove anything
they cannot prove their position
logically or scientifically so they're
reduced to making - yelling and
screaming even my book which came out
just today I had one article online and
if you look on Amazon or thiis or on Fox
online you'll see hundreds of comments
against me yelling screaming that I'm
the worst person who ever lived
no arguments there's no rational
arguments about God or about anything I
said about history or the murderer
murder atheist murderous they just mad
at me they're throwing a temper tantrum
and that's what they do there yeah
that's what I do like your article today
calls them bullies and I do like when I
looked on the Amazon a link because I
said I'll let's see how this book is
gonna be and it's got all like zero
store reviews and I thought oh gosh this
is gonna be a tough morning I'm gonna
have to slog through this book and I
realized that nobody had read the book
it was all just these that's right it
just came out it just came out there's a
pleasant surprise I got to with my my
coffee I got to think oh that's pretty
pretty nice actually I really I'm
learning something and enjoying it on
this final point the atheism as a faith
the faith perhaps that requires the
biggest leap of faith at all
you know the book makes a good argument
it's a whole system of beliefs based on
undemonstrative axioms it forces you to
deny just about every aspect of our
experience of the world truth beauty
reason you know it's all just nothing
it's all a fantasy what I want to know
is is atheism the fastest-growing
religion or is it dying out both okay in
the West it's growing fast okay the fact
the those who consider themselves
atheists or religiously unaffiliated
account for up to a quarter of the
population today and in Europe they're
like in second place on the other hand
though on the other hand in places like
Africa and the in Asia
China and Russia Christianity is growing
at an incredible incredibly fast clip so
Christianity is actually outpacing
atheism even though in the West
atheism is doing better and it it must
lose in the end because it's the
religion of atheism is the religion of
hopelessness no matter what they claim
it's the religion of hopelessness and
despair people need more it just doesn't
have the stuff of happiness and so and
especially if we want to celebrate the
International Day of happiness
that's absolutely right I really like it
I do recommend reading it because the
this book you read so many books and
they they say oh you can't have you've
got to be polite oh you know everyone
has every ideas worthwhile Oh ever and
you say like no guys the emperor has no
clothes this is a terrible philosophy
it's stupid it's based on nothing and it
will make you miserable
I love the bluntness and they're nasty
to us all the time look at all the
billboards look at all the blogs well
you have to we're not punching bags
especially sometime even Jesus tempt
through the money changers out of the
temple I helped too especially since
Christopher Hitchens died they're not
even witty anymore they're not even good
with their pen absolutely right the book
is inside the Atheist mind unmasking the
religion of those who say there is no
God the author is Anthony de Stefano if
they thank you for being here we'll have
to have you back again thanks for having
me alright let's talk about
International Day of happiness this is
that it all ties in it's all it really
nice Providence really nice coincidences
I see this on Twitter this morning it's
trending the International Day of
happiness so what's the International
Day of happiness do to do to do the
International Day of happiness was
founded five years ago by the United
Nations I know
it's both very recent and founded by the
UN
I'm more than skeptical to say the least
so then I looked according to a UN study
American happiness is at a ten-year low
only the United Nations could be this
tone-deaf and incompetent they would as
they are figuring out that the entire
world is unhappy they'll say okay well
be happy okay now we'll be are we happy
let's all pretend we're happy and then
it'll be fine that's the United Nations
in a nutshell but it gets a lot worse I
mean there are some really awful numbers
that have come out young people are
killing themselves we talk about gun
and gun homicides every year 2/3 of gun
deaths as they say our middle-aged guys
killing themselves very sad that
demographic is expanding suicides are
expanding to different demographics
according to the CDC a youth suicide
specifically white children between the
ages of 10 and 17 has skyrocketed 70% in
ten years that is a huge increase black
children are far less likely than white
children to kill themselves but their
number is actually now higher the rate
of ink growth is higher 77 percent
higher in just the last few years
suicide rate among teenage girls is way
up it's at a 40-year high now Ben wrote
a good piece just detailing this today
and putting all the statistics together
there have been various explanations for
why this is they'll say the bad economy
is the you know the 2007 financial
crisis or the opioid epidemic or sexual
frustration but none of this explains it
away because then those things pass and
nevertheless the the rate keeps
increasing also we're the economy is
gangbusters right now we're the most
economically prosperous people in the
history of the world the opioid epidemic
just simply does not hasn't hasn't been
widespread or long enough to account for
those numbers and were the most sexually
inventive people ever there were I don't
think it's sexual frustration there was
a thought that people felt bad that they
had different sexual preferences and it
was not accepted by society now the
White House is painted in rainbow colors
and the number just keeps going up
really what it is is the perception of
meaninglessness this is how Jordan
Peterson became a worldwide celebrity
Jordan Peterson is a soft-spoken
psychologist who tells people that the
world entails some suffering and also
clean your rooms he is treated as a
prophet in the world because in some
ways he is he's one of the few people
with the clarity or the courage to just
say these basic facts of the world
people are starving for someone to tell
them the unfashionable truth that they
have suspected all along but they've
been bullied into pretending it isn't
true which is that life has meaning and
humans have purpose my point on this is
that you can
just stop at Jordans book I do recommend
it I had a great time talking to me
yesterday you should read it
12 rules for life it's a good reminder
that until three or four hundred years
ago we all understood human beings as
having a purpose a teleology right a
Telos for men and until very recently
we've accepted the Christian
undergirding of our civilization you've
got to go further than that though there
was a tendency I think now I I told you
Jordan yesterday didn't want tea didn't
say why you know baptize me Michael get
your toaster from the bishop every year
in you know we did it he wanted he
basically wrote a book about Jesus he
wrote a beautiful book about Jesus but
he was unwilling to to make that point
and say yes I'm gonna get down on my
knees yes this is what it is he was
almost there maybe it's it's he's
clearly on the edge of it Andrew Klavan
has find God in 60 days that's a video
that he had done Ben where's the
yarmulke all the time there is a step
beyond just thinking about it there is a
step beyond saying yes well I can
intellectualize a way in which God could
mean this and metaphor and metaphysical
in in Christ is the unity of heaven and
earth of the metaphor and the reality of
the metaphysical and the physical you
got to do it you've got to get down on
your knees you have to go to church you
have to clean your room you can't just
clean your room you have to clean your
spiritual room too and that means going
to church going praying reading the
Bible going to confession perhaps doing
these things this is why sacraments
exist is to bring together those two
things the intellectual and the physical
and put them together in one place on
earth there have been various heresies
throughout the history of christened
them which are Gnostic heresies they say
all the physical doesn't matter it's we
hate the physical it's no good just the
mind that's all that matters but that
isn't true we know that isn't true were
people we have bodies we live in time
and space before the West lost its mind
in the 17th and 18th centuries it was
commonly understood that there is a
unity of the virtues the body is unified
there plenty of heresies say oh just you
know just think
don't do this the Alba Jensen heresy the
Gnostic heresy New Age spirituality the
various Christian splinters that deny or
suppress free will you have free will
use it do it don't just think about it
do it I don't know how much more I want
to shake you because it's International
Day of happiness be happy dammit do
something for yourself make yourself
happy let's move on to Facebook Facebook
is getting killed right now they are
being raked over the coals for the data
security scandal involving Cambridge
analytical for those who have missed it
Cambridge analytic is a data mining and
data analysis company and it hired a
third party firm global science research
that created a cliquey personality quiz
prompting users to give them a bunch of
their data as well as all of their
friends data so if this wasn't like some
big hack this wasn't the Russians and
the Macedonian teenagers and the Russian
Macedonian teenage robots or whatever
they just there was a personality quiz
it was little you know the stupid apps
on Facebook and people clicked it and
they voluntarily gave them their data
the the firm got user data for 50
million people Facebook covered this up
for two years this didn't happen five
minutes ago didn't happen even a year
ago two years they covered it up the FTC
is now investigating Facebook stock
price fell eight percent yesterday it's
already fallen five percent this morning
as of putting this together and may have
fallen more since then just yesterday is
dip just yesterday alone shaved forty
billion dollars from Facebook's market
value forty billion
biggest single-day decline in four years
in the worst part of it all I don't care
about your 401ks I don't care about
Facebook's company dropping down into
the gutter the worst part is that I have
to defend Facebook I wish I didn't have
to I really wish I didn't have to people
this is not Facebook's fault this is not
Cambridge analytic whose fault it's not
global science research is fault it's
not the Macedonian teenagers fault you
put your data there you put your data up
there you clicked on that stupid
personality quiz so that you could say
I'm an EP ljp and is it doesn't make me
special and which ones are you you did
it this is what freedom looks like you
we can't control your whole lives you
can't rely on the
government to control your whole life
you chose to put your dad out there now
advertisers have your data tough
Democrats are only freaking out about
this because it's connected to Donald
Trump here's how it's connected to Trump
apparently the Republican donor Robert
Mercer invested in this company on the
advice of Steve baman so they were sort
of involved getting some data whatever
Democrats do this sort of thing all the
time do you remember when Barack Obama
was the digital candidate he had the
best data mining digital operation it
was so cool and cutting-edge and
admirable wow he's so wow he's so cool
then Republicans do it and it's
nefarious they doesn't do the same thing
but it's that's bad why is it bad I
don't know it just is because of the
data and privacy what it was were below
and the other guy no no that was cool
that was cool that's bad cool bad that's
how it works absolutely not you put your
stuff up there you should never put
anything on the internet that you would
be unwilling to see on the cover of the
New York Times or I guess on the cover
The Daily wire there's no one reads the
New York Times anymore so anything that
you would not like to be public you
shouldn't put on the internet the
Internet is public and the Internet is
forever use your freedom you know I'm
sorry that our guys used it this time
I'm sorry that our guys were better at
the internet and we used the Internet to
beat you I know that's it's really hard
and everything but tough sad to quote a
great man said finally we got a hit in
the last few minutes we got to hit
Google Google and Facebook here we are
Google has declared war on conservatives
so Google is now spending 300 million
dollars it has announced over the next
three years to fight fake news the fake
news simois Simla you're looking at fake
news baby this is what they mean when
they say fake news they're going to be
attacking what it considers to be fake
news and that's us they're already doing
it when you search for Daily wire
articles what pops that you see The
Daily wire and that pops up with all
these left-wing fact checker websites
but they're not fact check our websites
their left-wing opinion columns when you
search for left-wing outlets that
doesn't happen when you search for
left-wing outlets you get the left-wing
alley you're searching for when you
search for us you get left-wing websites
that are trying to convince you not to
click on our website they've been doing
this for a while they've been ramping it
up they've been de monetizing our video
on YouTube they've been hitting
conservatives way harder than they've
hit lefties if they've hit lefties at
all and now they're gonna be gunning
after receiving more three hundred
million dollars basically just to take
us down what one other thing they're
gonna be investing the money in is
making it easier to subscribe to the New
York Times and The Financial Times to
very left-wing papers I kid you not they
are going to try to block the places
like The Daily wire they are going to
try to make it easier to subscribe to
left-wing news websites they have lost
their minds they've lost their minds
because we are better at the Internet
they were so upset they thought they
were going to be better at the internet
it would have been all okay if they were
just better at the Internet but they're
not we are we were funnier on the
Internet we use the internet to crack
the monopoly the media monopoly of
lefties and Democrats the mainstream
media monopoly that just wouldn't air us
that wouldn't air our views that would
selectively edit our interviews we used
it to break right through them and they
are out for blood they are out for
revenge they're very angry and then it's
not going to stop there has to be some
alternative here and you're and it is
going to make strange bedfellows let me
tell you you are going to see
conservatives calling for regulation not
special regulation not unfair regulation
but fairly apply rules to publishers who
pretend that they're not publishers it
is going to be really nasty but this is
where the fight is all of the
information on the internet goes through
these guys the vast vast preponderance
of news and political information goes
through these guys we cannot give it up
we cannot cede it to them that this
fight is only beginning now it is only
going to get worse gird yourselves but
be happy about it because it's
International Day of happiness ok that's
our show today make sure you get your
mailbag questions in we will be doing
all of that we got some more good guests
for you but I'm not going to tell you
I'm not going to want there to be a
surprise I'm Michael Knowles this is the
Michael Knowles show I'll see you
tomorrow
the Michael Noel's show is a daily wire
for word publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Alex Zangaro audio is
mixed by Mike Cora Mina herons makeup is
by Joshua Avera copyright forward
publishing 2018
