dr. Peterson you call for people to
consider meaning as the higher good you
write consider then that the alleviation
of unnecessary pain and suffering is a
good later in the book you call Satan
and our image of Hell a dreamlike
fantasy later still you say that hell is
metaphysically true in the final
chapters you write a very moving at what
seems to be series of prayers to quote
the source of all revelatory thought in
a discussion with God
my question which isn't I'm not asking
about metaphor or symbol and symbolized
or signifier and signified is God fact
or fantasy
maybe gods both but if you had to pick
one I don't mean to be glib about it
well no I don't I don't think you can do
that in a discussion like this because
you're talking about matters where the
distinction between those things that
actually starts to blur you know because
there's a reality for example there's a
reality to fantasy that we don't really
understand fantasy is how new things
come into being and fantasy has a
structure it has this archetypal
structure and so I mean let's see if I
can come up with a bitters I can't I
can't come up with an answer to that
that's so blunt
because look one of the things I
mentioned while we were having this
discussion was that our legal system is
predicated on the idea that each
individual is made in the image of God
and that there's actually a reason for
that that it's tied into the
judeo-christian narrative and the
narrative suggests that the way that you
bring habitable order the habitable
order that is good into being so that's
what happens in Genesis at the beginning
of of time is by using truthful speech
and that there's something divine about
that it's like as far as I'm concerned
that's a fantasy but it's also factually
true it's a place where the metaphor and
the literal unite but is there a
distinction to be made here between
metaphor metaphysical reality and some
sort of fantasy you know in the sense
that a unicorn
would be a fantasy I don't think a
unicorn is has metaphorical metaphorical
truth and metaphysical reality but I
think there are some forms of fantasy
that don't have their literal
counterpart let's say sure they don't
have the real counterpart but there are
some places where fantasy and reality
meet and we don't understand those
places very well I don't understand them
very well I think part of the reason
that I have a hard time answering
questions like that is because they
transcend the limits of my knowledge I
actually don't know how to answer the
question like I see because it is the
case as far as I could tell that the
central presumption of our functional
legal system is that each person has
within them a spark of divinity and that
that spark of divinity manifests itself
in the bringing into being of the
present from the potential of the future
I think that's all true is that a fact
like is that the sort of truth that we
would call a fact I think isn't this
well possibly but it's not it's not the
sort of fact that you discover that it
doesn't it doesn't sit easily in the
category of facts that scientists have
produced right it's more like an
inference so let's say you observe a
bunch of people acting a particular way
and then you say well here's the rule
that describes their action say well
does that does that rule represent what
does that rule represent does that
represent a reality well it represents a
reality of sorts but it isn't the same
sort of reality that's represented by a
pure scientific discovery they're not in
the same category so I'm not exactly
sure what I'm look if here again here's
the observation if people treat one
another as if they're touched by
divinity their personal lives improve
their familial lives improves their
social structures stabilized they
produce functional political systems and
and productive economies does that make
that proposition true well possibly but
it doesn't make the proposition of fact
in the same way that scientific
investigation makes a scientific fact
of course I asked the question in this
located I asked the question in this way
because I think you right with
heartbreaking beauty about Christianity
about the the metaphysical logos that
has made flesh and dwelt among us and
watching you write about this in the
book is hugely edifying so I reckon we
talk about theological issues a lot on
the show I highly recommend that
everybody goes out and reads 12 rules
for life and also I press the question
that way because my bishop promised me a
toaster if I could baptize you but that
we might have to save that for another
program dr. Peterson thank you so much
for being here it has been a wonderful
conversation I will finally allow you to
go on and move on with I'm sure you're
very busy rest of your day well thank
you very much for the interview and for
the conversation
