twelve rules for life an antidote to
chaos that is the title of jordan
Peterson's new book and we are lucky to
have him on the show to cure the ample
chaos that we have here this show of
course being an antidote to order it is
a runaway bestseller we will discuss why
as well as how you can find order and
meaning in this chaotic desiccated soy
boy culture of errors I'm Michael
Knowles and this is the Michael Noel's
show
stand up straight with your shoulders
back treat yourself like someone you are
responsible for helping pet a cat when
you encounter one on the street these
are just some of jordan Peterson's rules
for life I can't give them all the way
obviously because then you won't hit by
the book and you should buy the book
this book has clearly struck a cultural
nerve number four best-selling book in
the US according to Publishers Weekly
number one on Amazon number two on the
Washington Post list number four on USA
Today only the New York Times refused to
dr. Peterson the honor for some bogus
excuse seems to me I've heard that song
before dr. Jordan B Peterson is a
clinical psychologist cultural critic
and professor of psychology at the
University of Toronto dr. Peterson has
almost a million subscribers on YouTube
and his videos have been viewed almost
47 million times David Brooks calls this
the Jordan Peterson moment and we are
now lucky to be joined by him Jordan not
David Brooks obviously much much better
to be joined by Jordan Peterson to
discuss the twelve rules of life dr.
Peterson thank you for being here thanks
very much so let's get into trouble with
the frivolous thought police right off
of the bat the book is subtitled an
antidote to chaos you describe order as
masculine the wise king at best the
tyrant at worst and you describe chaos
as feminine these days we're told that
gender is socially constructed a figment
of our imagination how deeply entrenched
is sex how far back to our categories of
masculine and feminine go well they go
back as well they go back hundreds and
hundreds of millions of years and they
do seem to form part of our fundamental
cognitive architecture we tend to see
the world in in social cognitive
categories we tend to see the world as
if it's an animated place and the the
the idea that sex is a large part of
being animated is an extraordinarily
deep biological perceptual category so
it can't be dispensed with in any
straightforward manner it's part of the
way that we view the world then the idea
that that the
way that we express ourselves sexually
say let's call that gender is malleable
is obviously true to a certain degree
because human beings are extraordinarily
valuable creatures you can tell that
just by looking at fashion variation but
that doesn't mean that gender
differences they're all socio-cultural
constructs and in fact the evidence that
they're not I would say is crystal
clear.the the political types are about
30 years behind the social science maybe
maybe 50 years behind it that's why
they're desperately turning to
legislative means to enforce their idiot
view of humanity on the rest of the
world that is something I frequently
notice about politics and culture is the
pop culture and the politics they are
always lagging several decades behind so
you'll see people espousing some
relativistic or Niall istic view of the
world and you say like listen man I know
you think you're sophisticated but
you're actually several decades behind I
want to talk about a dream that you
write about in the book you had a dream
when writing maps of meaning your first
book that you were hanging from a
chandelier in a Cathedral with tiny
little people below and you woke up in
your bed and you still saw Cathedral
doors close your eyes again you're back
in the center of the Cathedral was that
vision a sign from God or was it the
fever dream of an academic who's been
thinking too much and is there a
difference well I'm not sure there's a
difference I mean it took me a long time
to understand what the dream meant but I
eventually did I mean I knew at that
point or I had figured out as part of
the process of interpreting that dream
let's say that cathedrals were
constructed in the shape of a cross and
sort of be hanging at the center of the
cross which is essentially where the
dream put me was well obviously you know
that's something that can be read in
terms of its fundamental religious
significance but that isn't that isn't
that that isn't the most appropriate
level of analysis I wouldn't say the
reason that the reason that cathedrals
are constructed in the shape of a cross
is because the cross is a an X that
marks the spot so to speak it's the
center place of being and we reach out
to scenter place of being and that's a
place of that's place
suffering and so part of the Christian
injunction is to voluntarily accept that
and to thereby transcendent and the
dream was pointing to me was pointing
out the inevitability of that the fact
that I was being driven towards that
conclusion you see I would had been
spent I'd been spending years I would
say by that point meditating and
thinking about the fact of the Cold War
and about this terrible ideological
catastrophe that we had placed ourselves
in the midst of partly ideological
possession driving our proclivity to put
the world at risk and as an alternative
to that kind of a nihilistic
hopelessness that involved no central
narratives whatsoever I suppose that
would be the postmodern conundrum and I
was trying to see if there was a pathway
between those extremes that that that
was functional and the dream was part of
that process of realization and that the
alternative to ideological possession
and niall nihilistic hopelessness is
something like the lifting up of
individual responsibility as the proper
mode of being and that that involves
voluntary acceptance of suffering but
you're not going to act responsibly and
forthrightly in the world if you're
bitter and resentful because of your
because of the fact that your life is
tragic and that things often go wrong so
you have to transcend that it and that
the dream was part of the process by
which I was starting to understand that
I do want to get back a little bit to
that x marks the spot later because we
see it in the Christian tradition we see
traditionally the crosses represented
with a skull at the bottom of it because
it's Adams skull and Christ is the new
Adam I want to get back let's see the
idea - well the idea there that's an
unbelievably profound idea the idea
there is that the first man so to speak
the man who's laden with original sin
and the knowledge of death is Adam of
course and that Christ what Christ
represents is the antidote to what
brought Adam down and so Adam was
brought down by knowledge of death and
knowledge of good and evil knowledge of
mortality knowledge of nakedness all of
that was what produced to fall so that's
that's an emergence into
self-consciousness and Andy and the
emergence of the tragedy of the
self-conscious world and then Christ is
portrayed as an antidote to that and the
antidote is voluntarily acceptance of
that burden and simultaneously
transcendent simultaneous transcendence
of it as a consequence of the voluntary
adoption and that's put forth in the
Christian corpus as the imitation of
Christ so which is a theme of course
that runs through Catholicism and
Protestantism and Orthodox Christianity
alike I don't think it's something
that's that's attended to enough in the
Western Christian traditions which tend
to emphasize our universal salvation
through the sacrifice of Christ which is
well it has its utility in that it takes
some of the moral responsibility off
human beings but it has its price too
because it does the same thing it
lessens the lessons the lessons the
importance of what each of us do to some
degree and the sobriety of it
right you know there is the Christ tells
us take up your cross and but he also
says my yoke is easy and my burden is
light
and it is true certain traditions fall a
little bit too much to one side or to
the other and they don't they don't hold
that tension that that you see in the in
your dream that it clearly pervades the
book well that idea - of the burden
being light that's a very interesting
one because it's a very great paradox
but you know one of the things that's
quite interesting about attempting to
only say things that you believe to be
true and then also to acting acting in a
manner commensurate with that is that it
does make things lighter because you
know you're much less likely to be
burdened by your past you know you're
not guilty and afraid that the terrible
things that you've done are going to
come to light and you're not sleeping
uneasily on a bed of nails that's your
guilty conscience and so there's a
lightness about it that and a lightness
about accepting things even though it's
a very dark act in some sense to accept
things there's a lightness that comes
along with it
it's the lightness of being all in I
would say something like that and the
opposite of that when one doesn't have
that the culture is so burdened by
itself it begins to hate itself you
right
at quote now also another problem has
arisen which was perhaps less common in
our harsher past it is easy to believe
that people are arrogant and egotistical
and always looking out for themselves
the cynicism that makes that opinion a
universal truism is widespread and
fashionable but such an orientation to
the world is not at all characteristic
of many people they have the opposite
problem they shoulder intolerable
burdens of self disgust self-contempt
shame and self-consciousness why in 2018
do we so hate ourselves well I think
that that paragraph does does lay out a
lot of it but we've we've added
additional sources of guilt to that that
are I think part of the modern what
would you call manifestation of the idea
that human beings have original sin and
are fallen creatures like we blame
ourselves on mass for the depredations
that the planet suffers at our hands and
let's say without any commensurate
sympathy for ourselves I mean there are
a lot of us you know we're gonna hit
nine billion by midway through this
century and then it looks like things
will probably level out but that's a lot
of people and we're putting a very heavy
load on on planetary resources let's say
and out competing a lot of animals and
well you know the whole environmental
catastrophe story you bloody well hear
that all the time but you know mostly
what we're trying to do is to survive
and survive with a relative minimum of
excess misery and we're trying to do
that the best way we can see fit it's
only being since the 1960s that we've
started to recognize ourselves as a
force of planetary significance right
you know a hundred years ago we believed
the oceans were inexhaustible that was a
conclusion that was that was drawn by a
commission that was set up by the
British Parliament and so it's only been
well not not even in my lifetime you
know I'm older than the idea that we are
a planetary shaping force but we we we
carried your terrible guilt about about
the price we have to pay for existence
you know and you hear people say things
like well the planet would be better off
without us which is like an absolutely
horrifying thing to say
but but it's alright but it I can
understand why people say it even though
I think it's a dreadful thing to say but
it's never said with any sympathy like
we were fighting against mortality
itself as and all the suffering that
goes along without it's not surprising
that we don't do it perfectly
it's a virtually impossible load and so
if you add that existential load as the
member of a species say with with the
kind of power we have to the knowledge
that each person has of their own
inadequacy and failings then you know we
carry a heavy existential burden was
something that was very well developed
by the existential psychologists the
1950s and people feel guilty and ashamed
about about being just about being human
and then they don't treat themselves
very well and that's not helpful it's
it's not a it's not a solution to the
problem it isn't even anti-american or
anti Westerner this it is anti human
fundamentally and you quote the the
Columbine shooter in the book who wrote
nothing means anything anymore and one
aspect I really enjoy about this book is
the constant weaving together of
different disciplines of University of
philosophy and psychology everybody and
her mother is on depression drugs these
days and yet I suspect a great deal of
apparently psychological problems are
really essentially philosophical
problems at this pervasive cultural Neel
ism that robs people of meaning of a
sense of meaning what portion of our
social malaise do you think is
philosophical and how did we get here oh
I think it deeper than that even it
might be theological like I think the
culture war that we're in is essentially
a theological war my IRA it's a war on
it's a war on the very idea of the
transcendent individual and some of that
some of that can be conceptualized
psychologically but but but that's not
the deepest possible level of
conceptualization I mean our culture is
predicated on the idea that each human
being this is this this is the source of
the idea of natural right let's say or
of individual sovereignty there's an
idea that each person is is touched by
divinity let's say it is made in the
image of God that
means something in the context of the
story within widgets to be interpreted
so the Word of God which was active at
the beginning of time in the
judeo-christian account of creation used
truthful language to extract habitable
order from chaos and I think that is
what human beings do I don't think we've
ever formulated a more accurate
representation of the nature of human
consciousness because we confront
potential we called out the future we
confront an infinite landscape of
potential and we choose how we're going
to make it manifest itself in concrete
reality like that is really what our
consciousness seems to do and and that
brings new being into being and our
legal systems are predicated on the idea
that that capacity should be given all
due respect right as the generator and
recreator of culture itself and like you
can't just throw away that idea it's the
idea on our which our society rests and
the postmodern neo-marxist types are
after that idea hammer and tongs they
hate everything about it mm-hm and so
that's why I think it's a theological
battle
that's why Derrida said you know he
called Western culture fellow fellow go
centric fellow PHA llo and he meant male
dominated and logos centered which is
well it's certainly logos centered it's
gonna criticize that well yeah I gonna
criticize the idea of the of the
sovereign individual and that's
certainly what the postmodern types do
didn't he didn't dare he doesn't say
didn't you say there's nothing outside
of the text or it's all everything is
relative everything is a matter of
interpretation yeah well he disputed
whether or not he really said that but I
think of course he would well right and
I think it's a pretty accurate summation
of the postmodern ethos they're they're
skeptical of meta-narratives of
transcendent narratives well that's all
well and good except that like if you
and I make an agreement so that we can
live together peacefully and cooperate
and compete over the long run it's
because we've established a narrative
that transcends both our individual
identities and if we're going to live
together as a culture that means that
despite our individual and cultural
different
let's say and let's say we can maintain
as many of them as possible we need to
subordinate ourselves to a transcendent
narrative that actually constitutes the
framework for peace and cooperation wine
and fur and first civilized competition
there's no let's dispense with the with
the meta-narrative it's like that means
let's dispense with that which unites us
well then all we have is fragments and
then we're going to fight because human
beings tend to fragment towards their
tribes and then fight right and that's
what I see happening both on the left
the left is pushing it I would say with
with with with everything they've got
and the radical right is responding in
kind it's really not good it does it
doesn't lead anywhere good and I love
this central theme of the book of
culture is a natural fact of the world
because in our highly scientific age
many people seem to think we're taken as
a given that we just perceive the bear
world of valueless facts of the world
without any meaning
and then we ascribe later meaning to
those things you write in the book quote
there is a little more natural than
culture that we perceive what's my
question on this what what does that say
about how we should live well one of the
things it says is that you can't exist
outside of a framework of value it's not
possible it's not technically possible I
outlined this in quite quite a bit of
detail in chapter 10 which is called
rule 10 which is called beasts be
precise in your speech is that the way
the world manifests itself to you is
integrally tied to your value structure
and that's because to put it very simply
is that you're very vision is dependent
on a name like whenever you look at the
world you're aiming at something you're
aiming at something with your eyes you
you can't focus on something without
aiming at it and you won't aim at it
without valuing it so you're very
perceptions are dependent on your value
structure now that doesn't mean there
isn't a world it means that it does mean
that experience is a complex interplay
of your value structure and and the
unmanifest world it's something like
that and then that begs the question
which is well if you have to
of a value structure then what should it
be and then that brings us back to the
ideas that we were talking about earlier
like you you you should you should value
being you should take on the
responsibility of being as your highest
ethical obligation and try to improve it
try to reduce suffering try to try to
make the most out of yourself in a way
that's beneficial to you and your family
in your community you should aim high
and your perceptions will reconfigure
themselves around those aims and that
will allow the world to manifest itself
to you in the most positive possible
manner or that least in the most
meaningful possible manner and in the
absence of that all you have a stupid
suffering that is that is the anxiety
and depression that we talked about
earlier without a point without value
without a name all you're left with is
the misery and anxiety of life that
makes people bitter I loved then even
the note to bring up the notion of the
aim because there are one can react to
this stupid suffering in a number of
ways but this is so clear you write in
it you say you cannot aim yourself at
anything if you are completely
undisciplined and untutored you will not
know what to target you won't fly
straight even if you do get your aim
right and and then you will conclude
there is nothing to aim for and then you
will be lost and and these days the
prevailing moral framework as I see it
is if it feels good do it how is it the
discipline and the straight and narrow
offer the best chance for a good life
and and how is it that we have forgotten
that is the case well the reason that
discipline is necessary is because
you're a massive competing short-term
interests and so the question is then
well which short-term interest should
win out and answer to that is well none
of them they need to be organized into a
hierarchy that makes them functional
across time and across individuals so
like a two-year-old is very likely to
act out his or her proximal impulse but
of course a two-year-old can't survive
in the world you have to rake it you
have to bring your your primary
instincts let's say under the
Nitori structure of a higher order value
system that allows them to manifest
themselves without undue mutual
sacrifice across large spans of time in
the presence of large numbers of other
people that requires a very
sophisticated ordering it's like we
already talked about the fact that a
meta-narrative is necessary to unite
subcultures say so that they can operate
peacefully and harmoniously within the
same space the same thing applies within
you because you're like an you're an
internal coalition of warring
single-minded tribes and they have to
all be brought under the organizational
structure of long term collective vision
let's say and in order to do that you
have to be disciplined and any
discipline speaking you know technically
speaking is an attempt to bring all
those competing short-term impulses
under a large larger scale and more
inclusive framework and so you do that
and then well that's actually what gives
you freedom being impulsive and being
free aren't the same things because if
you're impulsive you're just the slave
of your impulse right there's no freedom
in not that's that's just that's the
same freedom so to speak literally that
a two year old house because a two year
old isn't socialized yet so it's not
it's a completely it that doesn't
function in this in this sophisticated
world it doesn't work right everyone
knows it we just like to pretend
sometimes so that does feel good you
know now I I have one less like to
pretend all the time yes that's why we
go out and drink you know because
drinking enables you to blind yourself
to the long-term consequences of your
actions and there's no doubt that that's
very very rewarding in the short term
but it's also why you wake up the next
morning hungover and ashamed I must tell
you dr. Peterson we celebrated the st.
Patrick's Day and my birthday on this
Saturday and I can attest with real
world experience to your theoretical
notions I have one last question that I
want to ask you but before we do that
and I think this is the this question is
really good I think it's the crux of the
matter before we do that we have to
thank
a very Jordan Peterson II sponsored this
is serendipitous and providential you
might say this wonderful sponsor is
Skillshare Skillshare this is not just
something to go wander around and loaf
and you know waste your time carousing
this is something to make yourself
better and get your life in order and
take make some order out of chaos and
this is a wonderful app they've been
with us a long time a skill share is an
online learning platform with over
18,000 classes and design business
technology and more you can take the
classes in graphic design social media
marketing illustration mobile
photography one that I've really enjoyed
is on time management it's on how to
stop procrastinating and wasting all of
your time and not cleaning your room and
all the things you should do to have a
good and orderly life you name it
they've got it so whether you're trying
to deepen your professional skill set
start a side hustle just explore a new
passion or bring order out of chaos you
should check out skill share it is
really good it's there to keep you
learning and thriving
I've really enjoyed doing it and don't
say I never did nothing for you you can
join the millions of students already
learning on Skillshare today with a
special offer just for my listeners two
months of skill share for just 99 cents
that is less than a dollar more than
nothing two months of skill share you
would be foolish not to do it you would
truly clearly have taken nothing from
this book if you don't go and try to
better yourself what a way to do that
then to get two months of skill share
for 99 cents skill shares offering
michael knowles show listeners unlimited
access to over 18,000 classes 99 cents
go to Skillshare comm slash michael mi
CH AE l again go to skill shared comm
slash michael mi CH AE l to start your
two months now what does that address
Skillshare comm slash michael dr.
peterson you call for people to consider
meaning as the higher good you write
consider then that the alleviation of
unnecessary pain and suffering is a good
later in the book you call satan and our
image of hell a dreamlike fantasy later
still you say that hell is
metaphysically true in the final chat
ders you write a very moving and what
seems to be series of prayers to quote
the source of all revelatory thought in
a discussion with God my question which
isn't I'm not asking about metaphor or
symbol and symbolized or signifier and
signified is God fact or fantasy
maybe gods both but if you had to pick
one I don't mean to be glib about it
well no I don't I don't think you can do
that in a discussion like this because
you're talking about matters where the
distinction between those things
actually starts to blur you know because
there's a reality for example there's a
reality to fantasy that we don't really
understand fantasy is how new things
come into being and fantasy has a
structure it has this archetypal
structure and so I mean let's see if I
can come up with a bitters I can't I
can't come up with an answer to that
that's so blunt
because look one of the things I
mentioned while we were having this
discussion was that our legal system is
predicated on the idea that each
individual is made in the image of God
and that there's actually a reason for
that that it's tied into the
judeo-christian narrative and the
narrative suggests that the way that you
bring habitable order the habitable
order that is good into being so that's
what happens in Genesis at the beginning
of of time is by using truthful speech
and that there's something divine about
that it's like as far as I'm concerned
that's a fantasy but it's also factually
true it's a place where the metaphor and
the literal unite but is there a
distinction to be made here between
metaphor metaphysical reality and some
sort of fantasy you know in the sense
that a unicorn would be a fantasy I
don't think a unicorn is has
metaphorical metaphorical truth and
metaphysical reality but I think there
are some forms of fantasy that don't
have their literal counterpart let's say
sure they don't have the real
counterpart but there are some places
where fantasy and reality meet and we
don't understand those places very well
I don't understand them very well I
think
part of the reason that I have a hard
time answering questions like that is
because they transcend the limits of my
knowledge I actually don't know how to
answer the question like I see because
it is the case as far as I could tell
that the central presumption of our
functional legal system is that each
person has within them a spark of
divinity and that that spark of divinity
manifests itself in the bringing into
being of the present from the potential
of the future I think that's all true is
that a fact
like is that the sort of truth that we
would call a fact I think isn't this
well possibly but it's not it's not the
sort of fact that you discover that it
doesn't it doesn't sit easily in the
category of facts that scientists have
produced right it's more like an
inference so let's say you observe a
bunch of people acting a particular way
and then you say well here's the rule
that describes their action say well
does that does that rule represent what
does that rule represent does that
represent a reality well it represents a
reality of sorts but it isn't the same
sort of reality that's represented by a
pure scientific discovery they're not in
the same category so I'm not exactly
sure what I'm look if here again here's
the observation if people treat one
another as if they're touched by
divinity their personal lives improve
their familial lives improves their
social structures stabilized they
produce functional political systems and
and productive economies does that make
that proposition true well possibly but
it doesn't make the proposition of fact
in the same way that scientific
investigation makes a scientific fact
of course I asked the question in this
located I asked the question in this way
because I think you right with
heartbreaking beauty about Christianity
about the the metaphysical logos that
has made flesh and dwelt among us and
watching you write about this in the
book is hugely edifying so I reckon we
talked about theological issues a lot on
the show I highly recommend that
everybody goes out and reads twelve
rules for life and also I press the
question that way because my bishop
promised me a toaster if I could baptize
you
but that we might have to save that for
another program dr. Peterson thank you
so much for being here it has been a
wonderful conversation I will finally
allow you to go on and move on with I'm
sure you're very busy rest of your day
well thank you very much for the
interview and for the conversation
Jordan Peterson all right we do I have
to say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
now okay all right that's fine I wanted
to keep dr. Peterson on for everybody as
long as possible because he's
fascinating to talk to so if you are on
YouTube right now I don't believe you if
you're on Facebook please go to Daly
wire.com you will get me you'll get the
Indra Clavin show you get the Ben
Shapiro show you can ask questions in
the mailbag and if you ask them to
Jordan I'll just I'll tweet them along
to him I'll try to you know try to get
us all our toaster but none of that
matters of course because what you have
is that you need the leftist here's
tumblr I know what you think you think
that oh I can just have the abstract
concept of a vessel for leftist tears
you know the the leftist here is they
float in the forms they're sort of
ethereal aren't they know that that is
another evidence of signifier and
signified becoming one and you need this
real physical and metaphysical leftist
here's tumblr so that you can hold them
because they are delicious they're
delicious in the mind and they're
physically so salty and good go to daily
wired.com we will be right back
that conversation was far too esoteric
and ethereal to leave off on when we've
got so many funny absurd things in the
news so for the last few minutes here
which I cannot help but go through all
of these Hillary Clinton is blaming
other people for her problems again my
fourth cousin twice removed I actually
forget it the relationships um it was
somewhere around there she is blaming
other people for her problems I know
it's breaking news I know this is
shocking last week in India maybe two
weeks ago Hillary Clinton was asked why
did you lose how did you lose and she
blamed poor racist Republicans as well
as the empty-headed women who only do
what their husbands tell them to do
which is elect Donald Trump and
obviously we all knew this to be true
she caught some flak for it though she's
so at this a rageous statement she says
oh yeah all the rich people voted for me
and all the women who didn't vote for me
hate themselves and they're their slaves
or something now she's apologizing she's
apologizing and she's really sorry that
you misinterpreted her that was the
apology first she blamed the questions
she said well they asked me these
questions it's really the reason that I
had this faux pas is they asked me the
questions and I told the truth
but then she apologizes because you
misunderstood her she said quote I
understand has some of what I said upset
people and can be misinterpreted I meant
no disrespect to any individual or group
what mrs. William II misinterpreted I
don't I actually don't see how what you
said could be misinterpreted you said
poor racist Republicans and slavish
women voted for Donald Trump that's it
this is why we don't like Hillary
Clinton this is why she can't
resuscitate herself first of all this
apology is disingenuous and deceitful it
just is she's an she's not apologizing
it's like little bratty teenagers do
this they say well I'm sorry if you feel
that way but apologize for my feelings
you don't control my feelings apologize
for what you did
second it's arrogant and disdainfully
nuts oh well you don't you just clearly
you plebs don't understand but it's also
broadly contemptuous of her fellow
countrymen it just she doesn't like them
she's saying things they're poor racist
rubes and any woman who doesn't support
abortion
for her is somehow self-hating I'm I
keep it up Hillary like that I I know
it's the Macedonian teenagers it's the
click farms it's James Comey at
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah keep adding to
it she's just the the Clintons are
constitutionally incapable of shame they
are immune from shame and this is just
more evidence of it keep on keeping on
another news story we have to hit is
that Jews are responsible for the snow I
don't know if you knew that where you
read that a Democrat councilman from DC
Trayvon white is blaming a snowstorm on
the Jews not global what this it might
be an improvement from global warming
but I may be probably gone in the wrong
direction actually I don't know that
that's more credible he said quote man
it just started snowing out of nowhere
this morning man you all better pay
attention to this climate control man
this climate manipulation and that's a
model based off the Rothschilds
controlling the climate to create
natural disasters they can pay for to
own the cities man be careful
yet it be careful this refers there's
this you know the Rothschilds were
famous banking family and Jewish and so
they're all these conspiracy theories
about them and so now you know snow is
the fault of the Jews which is fine
because I know they're the global media
elite in the international banking
community and the neoconservative elite
or I know there are a lot of euphemisms
that these guys use but now if they
control the weather the reason I
probably asleep as a dummy but they're
the reason I bring it up he's a
councilman in the nation's capital it's
a funny story if this had been a
Republican dog catcher in Palookaville
USA there would be petitions right now
for Donald Trump to resign for some
reason I don't know why I do this is
Trump's faulty elected this dog catcher
we're talking about a sitting councilman
in the nation's capitol accusing Jews of
controlling the snowstorms the the
left-wing media portray Republicans as
racist Kooks they do this frequently
they've done it for decades and decades
they don't portray their own people as
racist Kooks even though there are ample
racist groups among them probably more
than in
Republican side they do this the
left-wing media do this to make it
socially unacceptable to call oneself a
Republican or a conservative so you know
your cuz oh you've got to be one of
those toothless Hicks that's what
Hillary Clinton was doing to everybody
but then this DC councilman goes on and
accuses the Jews of controlling the
weather and all of a sudden you know
there's a little blip it's that goes on
The Daily wire but that's it no one
really talks about it if it had been a
Republican in the middle of America this
would be running for a week or two weeks
you got to pay attention to this because
they do it so that when you're in a in
elite place or on a college campus or in
a boardroom you would never admit to
being a Republican they've got way more
Kooks than we do in their way kookier
they're so kooky they've even elect
Hillary Clinton president they vote for
her and don't let them have it one other
story Jeff Flake might be running for
president he said quote I is you know
and retiring from the Senate at the end
of the year it has not been my plan to
run for president but I've not ruled it
out I hope that somebody does run in the
Republican primary somebody to challenge
the president he doesn't sit as Jordan
ate correctly no I think that
Republicans want to be reminded what it
means to be a traditional decent
Republican and what the party stands for
limited government economic freedom free
trade and no borders whatsoever so we
can flood the country with cheap labor
and elect Democrats we didn't say that
you actually said embracing immigration
these are things that have made the
party what it is over the years and I
think that people are wanting to hear
that reminder so don't know who it'll be
I think the odds that I will do it are
long but I've not ruled it out because
we need to use our champagne flutes
correctly it is more likely that the
Jews control the weather then the Jeff
Flake will ever be president there is
not a chance this guy is going to be
President it's so pathetic though
because when you look at what he's
saying he said we know that where this
is such an outrage president from such
an outrage as a Republican I mean look
at what the party used to stand for
limited government donald trump has cut
the government by more than any
president in modern history he's cut
entitlement era entitled I wish he'd cut
entitlements he's cut regulations and he
has slashed the federal bureaucracy more
than any president in modern history
economic freedom yep ditto and we got a
great tax reform bill that that grew
economic freedom free trade he's
threatening tariffs but no more than
other presidents and he's probably not
even going to enact them except against
China and embracing immigration well
we're not by the way illegal alien
estate for illegal aliens it's not is
not immigration that's not the same
thing
Democrats want to alive those things
they're completely different so Jeff
Flake is never gonna be President it's
really funny I hope he ones that would
be unbel
that's our show we got to say goodbye I
do want one last point you know that
British interloper limey hack John
Oliver you know for some reason he
colludes with Democrats and interferes
in our elections so he went on his
program and made fun of Charlotte pence
or pal Charlotte pence and her she has a
book called Marlin bundo it's about the
vice presidential bunny rabbit and so he
made one where Marlin bundo is gay
because all the only thing that
Democrats care about in 2018 is gay sex
that is the oh that is the height of
philosophy politics and moral moral
philosophy is just that they don't have
room to think about anything else
so anyway all of his fans all of these
empty heads are going to Amazon and
leaving one star reviews on Charlotte
Pence's book let's get that spirit of 76
let's punch that limey right in the
proverbial virtual mouth and go leave
five star reviews for Charlotte's book
and order it I've got a copy right over
there a signed copy it's pretty cool
let's go do that cuz that British guy
drives me so freakin crazy
okay that's our show today I'm Michael
Knowles this is the Michael Nolt show
come in tomorrow we'll do it all again
the Michael Knoll show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex Zingaro audio is
mixed by mike core amina hair and makeup
is by Jeshua
of era copyright for word publishing
