you know nowadays a lot of enormous
internet corporations are trying to
silence conservatives Twitter shadow
bans us YouTube de monetizes our videos
Google fires employees for anti
left-wing thought crimes like
speculating on gender differences and
then skews searches so conservative
opinions don't come out on top even
Facebook has a new algorithm that favors
so-called trusted news sources which in
effect means favoring the mainstream
news media which is deeply slanted to
the left now we here at the Andrew
Clavin show believe that whenever the
politically correct bromides of enormous
internet corporations disagree with our
opinions we should change our opinions
to reflect whatever enormous internet
internet corporations want us to believe
after all if you can't trust enormous
internet corporations who can you trust
if we don't obey them and tailor our
opinions to theirs we could end up
having open debate and truth-telling
which would be chaos
so from now on we're going to tailor our
news reporting to satisfy the enormous
internet corporations because enormous
internet corporations must be right
where they wouldn't be so enormous so
for instance in reporting the news today
about the FBI and Donald Trump I'm going
to follow some simple rules when Donald
Trump attacks the FBI for dishonesty
that's wrong of Donald Trump because it
undermines the people's trust in the FBI
when the FBI attacks the FBI for
dishonesty that's wrong of Donald Trump
because we can't trust the FBI because
Donald Trump attacked the FBI
undermining our faith in the FBI
which caused the FBI to attack the FBI
undermining our faith in the FBI which
was wrong of Donald Trump when the
Attorney General fires someone from the
FBI because the FBI said to fire someone
from the FBI that's wrong of Donald
Trump because Donald Trump attacked the
Attorney General who was obviously
trying to keep his job by firing someone
at the FBI because the FBI said to fire
him because Donald Trump attacked the
FBI undermining our faith in the FBI and
so Donald Trump is wrong when Donald
Trump is wrong it's because Donald Trump
is Donald Trump but when Donald Trump is
right Donald Trump is wrong because
Donald Trump is Donald Trump which is
wrong special counsel Robert Muller is
right because he's investigating Donald
Trump but if he finds Donald Trump was
right he's wrong final
whatever Donald Trump whenever Donald
Trump is Donald Trump it's wrong and
when Donald Trump is wrong it's a
constitutional crisis worse than
Watergate
if Watergate had happened during Pearl
Harbor which was like Donald Trump
because it was wrong I hope by following
these simple rules we'll be able to
avoid being silenced by enormous
internet corporations because this is
the
the kid did it better than we did that
was you know I don't have her first name
or last name is Beckett a little girl
sing the song her first name is Beckett
oh oh I'm sorry that was that was
Beckett
singing our song Facebook I love that
the clave on this weekend has come to an
end oh we have Michael Knowles we'll be
here to tell us all about the Irish and
how they succeeded in America and we're
hoping well we're hoping that he will
say something insulting to the Irish and
we're gonna carry him down to the
nearest arbors probably just curl him in
you know see and see what happens I have
to say the title of the show was a
stroke of genius
we called the show McCabe and mr. Muller
now there it was an old movie called
McCabe and mrs. Miller right with Warren
Beatty none of you have seen or ever
heard of that film so you don't get the
joke so now I'm explaining it to you and
remember how Jeb Bush said please clap
please laughs now that I've explained to
you this incredibly clever nobody has
thought to do that because nobody's ever
heard of that movie but me all right
just the thing you should be thinking
about however is you should be thinking
about credit cards you know this we all
do this but I do it to who you spend
with your credit card and you think like
that's kind of like magic money you
don't have to have money but in fact
every time you use a credit card it's
called the credit card because you're
essentially taking out a loan and credit
card debt can be as much as 17% APR if
you look at it I mean if you let your
credit card debt build up you can get
smashed by that 17% APR well let me tell
you about light streams credit card
consolidation loan okay this is a really
smart way to handle your credit card
debt you get a credit card consolidation
loan with a fixed interest rate as low
as five point four nine percent APR with
Auto pay it's five point four nine
percent APR with Auto pay and you could
save thousands of dollars in interest
literally thousands of bucks in interest
you can choose the funding date as soon
as the same day you see the interest
rates before you apply application is a
hundred percent online and this is a
division of SunTrust Bank so it's not
some fly-by-night you know a little less
a little booth on the side of the road
and you know you have to have good
credit this is Ray
actual loan you have to have good credit
to get it but if you apply today you can
get an additional interest rate discount
on top of light streams already low
rates the only way for my listeners with
good credit to get this special interest
rate discount is to go to light stream
dot-com slash Andrew that's light stream
comm slash Andrew L IG HT s TR EA m comm
slash Andrew obviously subject to credit
approval rate includes point 50% auto
paid discount available only when you
select Auto pay prior to loan funding
terms and conditions apply and offers a
subject to change without notice
visit light stream comm for important
information about limits on light stream
loans and same-day funding so all these
books are coming out now I mean it's
just a spate of books as they said about
the state of the West you know I'm
reading a Jonah Goldberg book the
suicide of the West Steven Pinker's book
I'm also reading enlightenment now and
all these they all have this kind of
Trump terror they are invested with this
Trump terror it's not to comment on the
quality of the books you know these are
all really good writers but they have
this idea that suddenly things were
going great and science was making life
better and all that is true by the way
science is making life better people
live longer poverty is down people when
you live past a certain age your health
tends to be better because we know more
about nutrition and exercise medical
care is better all these things really
are great the world is at peace and has
been at peace for quite some time you
know there's not major Wars breaking out
all of this is good and somehow the
threat to this is the people who went
out and voted for Donald Trump they're
going back into this tribal past you
know they're they've been there beating
drums you know how you you know how you
are you Trump voters you paint your
faces and then you go out and beat your
drums and do human sacrifices stop doing
that you know stop - it's annoying the
neighbors but you know the whole problem
with this and I have this whenever I'm
sitting with my liberal friends or
relatives I get into this argument all
the time
and they think I'm just picking on
Barack Obama but I'm not the whole
problem with this is it ignores what
comes before it's as if Trump you know
with all his flaws and his
good things the things he does are good
and sometimes the things he says are
really annoying
he didn't just grow up out of the ground
he didn't just spread up because people
were sitting around going so you know I
like living longer and having science
but I really need to become tribal you
know I want to go just you know like
Hillary Clinton was saying you know you
just wanted you don't like blacks and
you don't like women you know you don't
like anybody you just want to go I just
wanted Trump I hate everybody else but
Trump as if as if there were not not
just in the eight years of the Obama
administration but really 40 years of
this relentless tirade against
everything you hold dear telling you
that if you believed in the Constitution
it was because you believed in
slaveholders who wrote the Constitution
you must be racist telling you America
is racist telling you patriotism is
jingoism it's the same thing telling you
that if you thought gee you know you
like women who act like women more than
you like women who act like men oh my
god what a terrible thing if women are
different than men you're fired I'm
sorry you cannot say that women are
different than men if you have religious
of philosophical objections to
homosexuality you should be driven out
of business years of this stuff years of
being silenced and told you're no good
what did they think was going to happen
did they think you were never gonna
answer back did they think you were just
gonna sit there and let them step on
your neck forever you know like in 1984
picture of boot stomping on a human face
forever that's not the way it works in
America you know and I think the whole
point about Trump is the Trump is a
reaction he's an answer he's a response
to this smugness of elites that they
have got it right when everything showed
that many of the things that we're doing
were not right I mean science is
wonderful the world is getting better I
think it's great I'm very optimistic
about where the world is going truly I
am but but that doesn't mean that
everything the elites were doing in fact
a lot of what the élysée we're doing
we're leaving people committing suicide
by the dozens by opium all right let us
talk about the firing I mean and this is
to the point but let's talk about the
firing of Andrew McCabe
yes it's another exciting adventure of
the FBI this we're talking about Andrew
McCabe Andrew McCabe is the deputy FBI
director he was the deputy FBI director
and Trump has been hammering him forever
because he you know he was part of the
investigation into Trump collusion and
all this but it becames wife Jill
received something like six hundred and
seventy five thousand dollars in
donations for her Virginia State Senate
campaign as a Democrat from a PAC run by
Terry McAuliffe Hertz various
organizations run by Tareq McAuliffe a
big Clinton pal so McCabe retired saying
okay I'm getting out of here but I want
my pension and then he was fired over
the weekend by Jeff Sessions which
doesn't mean he loses his pension by the
way it means he loses the chance to get
his pension early so he loses kind of
pension bonuses I think he there will
still be a pension for him when he's
older he's only like 50 so okay so the
DOJ Inspector General Michael Horowitz
this is what happened let's let's just
do the facts first okay so I could so
you can understand what this was like in
fact before I do that let's talk about
shaving because I want to be able to say
all this in one point together so let's
pause for just a minute and talk about
shaving now you'll only have to look at
me to realize you were talking to an
expert about shaving I mean my shave
shaving takes me about three hours in
the morning goes to shave so much it's
an enormous head and I got to shave
every every step of it so long before
Dollar Shave Club became a sponsor I was
a subscriber to Dollar Shave Club
because I didn't want to go and get kind
of mediocre disposable blades I didn't
want to open up the thing in the
drugstore and have the alarm go off all
the time Dollar Shave Club they just
send it to you send to you these
absolutely great razors plus any kind of
accessories that you need it's more than
just razors they have all kinds of
things toothpaste shampoo body wash and
I use a lot of it I use especially like
the one they call where they call butter
shave butter I like anything called
butter anything called all you have to
do is call something butter and I will
buy it but that shea butter is good
because you can put it on see where
you're shaving it doesn't lather up like
some shaving cream and these are
excellent razors that they send to you
once a month you could choose whether
you want the executive razor which I use
a lot of the time or the simple to
razor the executive razor has 472 blades
and takes three days to shave because
even after you put it down it has so
many blades is still shaving your head
for a mind-blowing experience joined
Dollar Shave Club today and for just $5
with free shipping you will get the six
blade executive razor plus trial sizes
of shave butter body cleanser and one
wipe Charlies and keep the blades coming
for a few bucks more a month you can get
yours at dollarshaveclub.com
slash Clavin and I know what you're
saying my face is bleeding so badly from
using these crummy disposable blades
that I can't remember how to spell
Clavin is que la VA n
dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin I use
them all the time they really are good
and you can see right I mean I look
fabulous I look amazing
alright so McCade right Michael Horowitz
the DOJ Inspector General appointed by
Barack Obama okay and everybody respects
him everybody knows he's a straight
arrow guy he concludes an investigation
in the caves behavior during the
investigation into Hillary Clinton both
her email abuse and the the Clinton
Foundation and whether it was doing
favors for donations okay the Democrats
wanted this investigation right because
they felt that when Comey came out
remember how Comey came out and said oh
we have to reopen the investigation
could he just found all these extra
emails on my anthony Weiner's child
molester anthony Weiner's laptop because
they went through Huma Abedin Hillary
Clinton's aide right so here is all this
classified stuff and he said I have to
relook at this right before the election
Hillary Clinton aside from blaming you
and everything in the let and the light
and the weather and the dog ate her
homework aside from blaming everything
else blames Comey for doing this okay
when that happened The Wall Street
Journal ran a story called FBI an
internal feud over Hillary Clinton probe
and it had sources telling the Wall
Street Journal that there was you know
that the agents in the field wanted to
go hard against Hillary Clinton but they
were getting pushed back from the top
and the top was saying let's resolve
this let's get it out of the way and so
this was a leak it was not there was a
sourced story a leaked part of which was
from Andrew McCabe okay so the
inspector general these are just the
facts right he delivers his report this
is Obama appointee delivers his report
to the independent FBI office of
Professional Responsibility has nothing
to do with the White House right this is
the FBI
internal guys all they want is that what
I'm sure all the great people who work
at the FBI want they want this cleared
up so they can go back to having the
fantastic reputation they have always
had all right so they say
so they come back our wits comes back
and says to the FBI Office of
Professional Responsibility the OPR say
McCabe leaked information to The Wall
Street Journal and then he was dishonest
about it he was less than candid about
under oath under oath which is bad and
that is a firing offense so Jeff
Sessions what does he do he comes out he
says you're fired he fires him like the
day before his extra benefits for his
retirement kick in right so he can't get
this pension that's those are the facts
Obama appointee does an investigation
the Democrats wanted reports to the
independent FBI office the OPR the OPR
says you should be fired sessions fires
him here is Chuck Todd reporting about
this on NBC number four what I would say
is this I think the fact that how the
president made the McCabe firing happen
I mean it is an extraordinary if you
look go back 18 months the systemic
campaign against McCabe Toodee
legitimize him to raise questions about
him to a Deputy FBI director that nobody
had ever heard of and the president
using his bully pulpit to do that he
gets s in sessions who some believe is
firing mccabe quickly in order to save
his own job which would preserve the
muller probe i think the reaction by the
president's attorney that this McCabe
firing means time for the probe to end i
think that's most significant because i
think it signals this president is no
longer cooperating with muller it's time
for war that shame on you chuck i mean
really every word of that was absolute
imaginary stuff except for the the fact
that the trump lawyers and trump haven't
been loudmouth about this which i'll get
back to that is important and you know
they shouldn't have been but that's just
nonsense i mean drunk
I kept McCain fired it did not he wanted
mccabe fired he hated me Gabe is
constantly tweeting about him and
Whiteley Whitehouse has continued to say
and continues to say they're not gonna
fire Muller no mothers not gonna get
fired and that they're cooperating he
didn't say the Chuck Todd assumes that
they've stopped cooperating with the
Muller investigation there's no evidence
of that that I know of nobody has said
anything in any responsible news outlet
and just to show thee it's not an
isolated incident I also just have to
play this hilarious clip from CNN's
Washington you know presidential
historian Douglas Brinkley so it's not
that he gets a little overwrought about
this listen to him kid is there any
comparison to Nixon Saturday night
massacre yeah I mean this will be known
as the Friday night slaughter you know
this was very idea that Jeff Sessions
hasn't released something to form the
public what this is is done in a and a
kind of cloak of secrecy late at night
in a bizarre fashion the fact that he
was about to have his pension and they
couldn't let it go it's something very
cruel and a sad that's occurred tonight
and I think our country now hopefully
he's going to wake up I mean Donald
Trump is struggling for his life he is
paranoid he felt that mccabe as was too
close to Comey and he decided to get rid
of anybody in anything and that's
standing in his way of kind of survival
mode right now but I think we can say
tonight that the Trump White House's had
at war with our FBI the war is still on
I mean really Trump should be paying
these guys rent because he's living in
their head now let's take the other side
of this to be fair Donald Trump should
have kept his mouth shut over this
because he got what he wanted
it was absolutely his his fingerprints
are not on this side no matter what
shocked at Chuck Todd says he had
nothing to do with this and it had not
it was about the Hillary investigation
it was not about the Trump investigation
but Trump can't keep his mouth shut so
he tweets Andrew McCabe fired a great
day for the hard-working men and women
in FBI a great day for democracy
sanctimonious James Comey was his boss
and made McCabe look like a choirboy
he knew all about the lies and
corruption going on at the highest level
of the FBI then he goes on and he trump
links the Muellers collusion
investigation to this he says the Muller
should never have been started and that
there was no collusion and there was no
crime it was based on fraudulent
activities and a fake dossier paid for
by crooked Hillary in the DNC and
improperly used in FISA Court for
surveillance of my campaign witch-hunt
all of which is true but has nothing to
do with McCabe's firing which had
nothing to do with any of this and and
the Special Counsel shouldn't have been
as I said at the time should not have
been appointed there was no crime to
investigated that is that is why you
appoint a special counsel is to
investigate a suspected crime and he
really has not there is no suspected
crime collusion even if it happened
isn't it a crime there's no evidence of
it okay but it is not about this at all
but but again my whole point here is the
absolute panic about Trump and the big
words it's as Friday night's slaughter
it's war all these big ridiculous words
that they use about Trump just
completely ignore the fact that this
world into which Trump stepped was a
corrupt world that Obama had rigged
against him you know he has he has a
gripe he may be a big mouth he may not
say things in the right way all the time
he may not know when to turn it off and
when to turn it on but he walked into a
world of corruption and belligerence and
bullying of the American people so
mccabe puts out his statement right and
he says here's the reality I am being
singled out and treated this way because
of the role I played the actions I took
and the events I witnessed in the
aftermath of the firing of James Comey
the release of this report was
accelerated only after my testimony to
House Intelligence Committee revealed
that I would corroborate former director
Comey's accounts of his discussions with
the president but listen to this he then
goes on and says the OIG investigation
has focused on information I chose to
share with a reporter through my Public
Affairs Office and a legal counselor
this was leaked information he is quoted
as a source not as Andrew McCabe he says
his deputy director I was one of only a
few people who had the authority to do
that
it was not a secret it took place over
several days and others including the
director James Comey were aware of the
interaction with a reporter so he leaked
to a reporter and James Comey was aware
of it the problem with that is that
Comey testified to the Senate under
questioning from chuck Grassley in May
of
year he testified that that never
happened so he was cut number five with
James Comey director Comey have you ever
been an anonymous source in news reports
about matters relating to the Trump
investigation or the Clinton
investigation never question two related
have you ever otter eyes someone else at
the FBI to be an anonymous source in
news reports about the Trump
investigation or the Clinton
investigation no has any classified
information relating to President Trump
or his association Associates been deep
classified or and shared with the media
not to my knowledge there have been a
variety of leaks
well the leaks are always a problem but
especially in the last three to six
months okay so so now so McCabe says I
leaked yes but I have the right to leak
if I want to and Comey knew about it but
there is Comey testifying that no in
fact he never condoned anything like
that
so somebody is maybe so and now Trump is
growing about that Trump without a tweet
Wow watch call me lie under oath to
Senator Grassley when asked have you
ever been an anonymous source or known
someone else to be an anonymous source
he said strongly never know he lied it's
talking about that but more to come but
let's talk first about wonder ease new
podcast this is war it is a very
touching very well produced story about
veterans telling their real story what
it's really like to be at war we just
don't listen to them enough we don't
hear enough from them sometimes we
sometimes we elevate them and call them
heroes but we don't always listen to
what their stories are and these are
personal stories from the brave men and
women who serve in our armed forces
first-hand accounts of what it's like to
fight and survive combat in foreign
lands protecting our freedom the bonds
that are formed in the psychological
toll it often takes on a person and what
it's like to return home trying to
figure out how they fit in and heal the
physical and emotional
from their time in combat try out the
first episode you'll meet in Mirren's
and a month before his senior year in
high school when he was just 17 years
old he walked into a recruitment office
and signed up that was August of 2001 so
obviously a month later everything had
changed and he was entering the military
under very different circumstances than
he had anticipated heartbreaking an
amazing story go listen to this is war
on Apple podcast or wherever you get
your podcast visit wonder e dot FM /
Andrew that's wonder with a why at the
end wondering dot FM / Andrew wonder a
dot F M / Andrew subscribe and listen to
it you really will not regret it
now the whole thing about this is that
you know all those people chanting drain
the swamp those people that Hillary
Clinton said we're just hating on black
people and women and especially hating
on Indian Americans she was in India at
the time so she wanted to make Indians
feel bad this whole idea that there's a
deep state now you can take this too far
that making the deep state of conspiracy
John Brennan Obama's CIA guy who has
just been a big mouth throughout this he
tweets an answer to the McCabe firing
listen to what John Brennan tweets he
says when the full extent he's tweeting
to trump and the full extent of your
venality moral turpitude and political
corruption becomes known you will take
your rightful place as a disgraced
demagogue in the dustbin of history you
may scapegoat Andy McCabe but you will
not destroy America America will triumph
over you what the hell is going on a guy
got fired because he lied under oath and
it had nothing to do you know if you
don't want people to be afraid of the
deep state maybe don't make threats
maybe deep Staters shouldn't make
threats against the President and UN
Ambassador Samantha form of Obama's UN
Ambassador Samantha power who unmasked
all those people rights he's unmasked
hundreds of people we have no idea why
she tweets not a good idea to tick off
John Brennan they're threatening him
they're threatening the guy
I mean the only the only person the only
person on the left who supports the
Second Amendment the right to bear arms
is a congressman Democratic congressman
from Long Island Tom Suozzi who was
asked what do we do what do we do if
Donald Trump doesn't obey the law listen
to his answer you know it's really it's
really a matter of putting public
pressure on the president and making it
public which is hard to break through
the news cycle with all the different
things and it's probably about going to
the courts as well and then you know I
mean this is where the second that
second Amendment comes in quite frankly
because you know what if the president
was to ignore the courts what would you
do what would we do
so it's alright Trump may be breaking
the law I may be at war with the FBI but
we always kill him you know I don't know
if you could hear there's a little muddy
the audio was a little money but
basically he said we if everything else
fails we resort to the Second Amendment
the right to bear arms so in other words
he's saying we can always assassinate
the president so you know this is this
is the thing all I and it really would
help if the deep state we're not
threatening the president all the time
it would really help us feel a little
bit better about the government that's
already there and a little bit worse man
maybe we judge Trump a little bit worse
my point is only this the Trump is an
answer to 40 years of disdain for
American values to stain from the left
that was echoed in the echo chamber of
of the mainstream media I don't know if
you saw Shapiro on with CNN where he
told in stealth or to his face you guys
are egregiously biased you know I think
that this this is the thing they are
egregiously biased but they don't
understand and and the Internet
companies don't understand that when you
silence people they don't just go away
they smolder they get angry they react
and they maybe overreact but you know
Trump and everything he is doing
everything that gives him his popularity
it's you guys on the Left it's you and
your abuses it's you and your corruption
it's you and your hatred of American
values that brought this answer upon you
brought it down on yourself and that is
where Trump support comes from almost
entirely including for me including for
me I mean I support I support what Trump
does because when he does really good
conservative things which he has but I
also laugh when he attacks these people
even when he is being rude I laugh
because you guys have been awful these
people have been awful all right we got
Michael Knowles coming up but I have to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube you
can listen I think on YouTube you can
continue listening come on over the
daily wire.com though if you listen
there while you're listening you can
subscribe if you subscribe for a lousy
$9.99 a month a lousy $99.99 for a year
if you do that then you can watch the
whole show right there you don't have to
bounce around you don't get cast into
the exterior darkness where there is
great weeping and gnashing of teeth and
also if you subscribe for a year you get
the leftist tears tumblr so I'm call it
a mug some call it a tumbler it is in
fact a tumbler and it automatically
fills
left his tears whenever I am speaking
and left his tears of course will cure
all your diseases
all right Knowles is coming up there you
are hey happy birthday
hey thanks by the way thanks for coming
out we sent out that little picture of
me lighting my stogie on my birthday
sparkler which is pretty fun thanks for
it I appreciate it and I should note to
everybody drew brought me a bunch of
Catholic books so that I can bother all
of the Protestants at the Daily wire as
exactly why I was gonna get you Hilary
bellick on muslims but then i realize we
don't have any muslims here but we do
have products so i got two you didn't
show on twitter how you almost set the
entire bar on fire by blowing on that
sparkler the sparks were going all over
the place yeah well you know i don't i
don't want to tell any tales at a school
but i'd had a couple of coca cola's at
that point you know a few adult
beverages wasn't quite in my right mind
so i almost burned down West Hollywood
well it wasn't it was an excellent party
so I and and it was on st. Patrick's Day
that's right it is your birthday st.
Patrick's Day my birthday is the
following day but I realize you know I'm
part Irish my Grand Michael's Knowles we
always call you know what we always say
is oh no that's I know I couldn't help
but go out on st. Patrick's Day in honor
of the McMullen and McDade side of my
family okay and but I felt two days of
binge drinking was excessive even for me
so we did it all in one day and it's not
even for anything to cover st. Patrick's
Day yeah to delve into the culture
because in our intersectional culture we
can focus on one of the most oppressed
victimized groups in history the Irish
Americans as you know if you had the
luck of the Irish you'd be sorry and
wish you were dead if you had the luck
of the Irish you wish you were English
instead that's who is that the EE that's
John Lannan John Lennon okay yeah
Liverpudlian philosophy they were I mean
they were one of the worst treated
groups of people in American history and
in British history as well people don't
understand this there's actually a big
move on the left now to push back and
say all the Irish didn't have at that
oh they were indentured servants but
they weren't slaves for more than seven
years Jason Riley put a good piece in
the Journal
we're just reciting a lot of facts that
people don't really remember and and
even left-wing outlets like the the root
will occasionally admit this Knoll
ignatiev writing in the root explains
that the irish and black americans come
from bizarrely similar historical
circumstances except the irish in many
ways had it worse the Irish who came to
America in the 18th and 19th centuries
they were fleeing caste oppression a
system of landlordism the the penal laws
that governed every aspect of Irish life
and established Irish Catholics as an
oppressed race we remember the Dred
Scott decision where justice Taney
decided that black people could never
become citizens there there were similar
laws in I in the United Kingdom so for
instance on two occasions the judicial
authority in Ireland declared the law
does not suppose any such person to
exist as an Irish Roman Catholic that
you know if when the Irish got to
America in the mid 19th century they
regularly worked with freed blacks doing
manual labor
they were mocked in similar ways in
popular culture there was Jim Crow and
Jim Dandy for the blacks there was
Bridget and Patrick for the Irish and
and on the right over here this
conditions were actually worse for the
Irish
Thomas soul writes no other in a
contemporary immigrant group was so
concentrated at the bottom of the
economic ladder as the Irish wanted ads
in America red wanted any color or
country except Irish you know nineteen
percent of Irish emigrants died on the
way to the United States in the year
1847 alone that compares with just 9% of
slaves who came over on the British
slave ships still pretty high but more
than double the rate and that's because
the British at least vaguely wanted to
keep their human chattel commodities to
sell them a market nobody cared about
the Irish so if they died they'd throw
them overboard now what happened today
Irish Americans have poverty rates that
are way below the national
average and they have a median income
that is way above the national average
you know don't don't lose your place
keep keep where you are but I just want
to point out here it's important to
point out that does anybody think that
we are making any kind of a racial
argument the Irish in Britain were
treated anyway blacks were treated in
the south of you know the American South
they were treated exactly the same as a
racial matter that was it was a problem
with the race of Irishmen so here's what
happens when Irishmen leave the islands
where they're treated badly and here and
they said though their race can never
make it and now they come to America
where they're still treated badly and
yet they're free here's what happens if
this is exactly right it's it's white
racism is so stupid so stupid it's
because it to be a racist I guess you
have to be kind of smart enough to see
categories of people but very but still
so dumb that you don't see the
categories that matter so actually in
this book you gave me from Hilaire
Belloc he explains there are different
ways that we can divide humans into
category any you know language for
instance geography he says another line
of cleavage very much more doubtful and
often fantastic
lies between what are thought to be
racial differences you goes on to point
out that they keep changing so there's
the kilt and the Germanic and the Slavic
in the Nordic and now there now now
there a little bit Nordic now they're
continental yada yada yada he concludes
by saying we shall not have too long to
wait for some new fashion and this sort
of nonsense it changes every few years
Belloc points out is is an observation
that I will make about the Irish which
is that the fundamental categorical
differences are both religious and
therefore relate to the institutions
that come out of those religious
cultures the Irish had one great
advantage in America that unfortunately
blacks in America haven't had which is
that the government never tried to help
them it is you know it is almost cliche
at this point but people need reminding
that before the 1960s Thomas Sol rights
at length about this before the 1960s
when we were told that the Great Society
in the Civil Rights Act were finally
going to turn things around for black
people before those programs poverty was
dropping dramatically between 1940 and
1960 poverty rates for black Americans
had
dropped by 40% egde points yeah out of
wedlock birth was down murder was down
crime was down everything was on the way
down after the Civil Rights Act and the
Great Society all of those trends
dramatically slowed slowed by rates of
50% or more or reversed entirely such as
and and also when welfare programs
incentivize the breakup of the family
and sent incentivised out of wedlock
birth what could one be expected to do
but to follow those trends the Irish
didn't have this when the Irish came to
America there there wasn't a giant
welfare state they were helped by the
civil society primarily the Catholic
Church and all of its out outgrowths
stereotypes come from somewhere and the
Irish did a brawl and drink and much
higher rates than average right in
America so out of the church and out of
the civic organizations around the
church came the Irish immigrant society
came the temperance societies which
which did work and perhaps not perfectly
but they did curb some of the problem
and of course centrally the Catholic
Church which was both a theological
ecclesiastical institution it was also
the center of the community was also the
focal point in the United States the the
government systematically especially
beginning in the 1960s eradicated all
other aspects of that black civil
society and especially the great
strength of black churches in America
you know people think this is an
esoteric idea when you say this they
think oh this is getting too heady and
too intellectual and it doesn't matter
but when you have a church at the center
of your community and when you are being
helped by as you say civil society by
people you develop relationships and
relationships cause responsibility and
you have responsibility to the help that
you're getting when you get money from
the government it is as they call it an
entitlement you just think that this is
rent you know you think that the money
that was taken from someone else and
given to you is no longer charity that
creates responsibility in relationship
it's an entitlement which just drops out
of the blue and therefore creates no
responsibility in you and when you say
this to people they think oh well that's
very you know you what are you gonna do
let the guy starve on the street you
know that's a very esoteric idea it's
not it's the way people work and and
really the way blacks went backwards
after the Great Society is proof of it
and it is so it is so morally
perverse because charity is a lovely
thing yep charity is as wonderful as the
person's Jesus as well yeah that's right
if I give somebody a sandwich or
something
some guy wants a sandwich I give him a
sandwich we both benefit in that
exchange I have given charity that
edifies me that enables me that allows
me to see the world in a more beautiful
way and he feels gratitude and loss and
dignity and my responsibility and
responsibility to you because you've
given him that charity and he's been
elevated to a human level to your level
you know you've essentially said yes I'm
a human being you're a human being I
reach out to you take my sandwich yeah
which the government can't do when I
think dinesh d'souza put it this way
when Barack Obama rides up on a white
horse and he puts a gun to my head and
he says give him your sandwich none of
us benefits Barack Obama feels pride and
power and hubris I feel anger and
resentment that I have to give up my
sandwich and the guy who takes my
sandwich it both feels entitled to it
and a little bit resentful because when
when one is entitled to something but
one doesn't have it naturally one
naturally resents not having a why don't
I have it clearly something's wrong with
this arrangement if I don't already have
your sandwich it is a totally morally
perverse exchange and and you can see it
in various immigrant groups and various
minority groups in America you know it's
fine I always call this the theory of
the empty box the left thinks there's a
poor man in the Box I put money in the
box or rich man will come out it's just
not the way it works cuz also in the box
is human nature and human nature the
internal experience of being human it's
what all of these scientists guys leave
out it's right and even guys like Steven
Pinker and I love his books but he
leaves out that the internal experience
of being a human being is the purpose of
everything it's what everything is all
about that's right they've figured out
everything perfectly except anything
that matters so so you've got Petersen
coming on yourself we've got Jordan
Peterson coming on the show today we are
going to be talking about the 12 rules
for life I think if I am able to baptize
him virtually on the show I think that
gets me an extra big toaster in heaven
we'll see how it goes
everyone should tune in to watch us
discuss the book and we're gonna be
giving him most of the show to talk
about it so it should be pretty
interesting
I told I told him when he was on this
show I told him he was headed toward
conversion
I don't think he wants to go as well
we'll just have to drag him along her
get room
you're a Protestant I'm a Catholic you
know we have a way you can actually just
go in the bathroom and make the whole
water holy right that's right thanks a
lot I'll see you soon good to see ya not
our crappy culture all right so I want
to talk about I don't think I talked
about this this last week and I really
do want to talk about it a show called
it's a good life which was an episode of
The Twilight Zone that I mentioned this
last week I don't think I did on the
Twilight Zone
one of the it's universally regarded as
one of the top ten Twilight Zone
episodes is this show called it's a good
life and it's about a little boy named
Anthony six years old who has
extraordinary mental powers he can
change everything with his mind and what
he has done is he lives in this little
town called teks Ville Ohio and he wants
it to be perfect
so he has cut it off from all others
human life you know there's no there's
not no television communication no phone
communication and everybody has to be
happy all the time and only say things
that please Anthony and so the whole
town lives in terror the adults live in
terror of this six-year-old boy because
he has so much power over them and as a
result they all have to say everything
is good that's why it's called it's a
good life
I cut out just this little part of this
this is just the postman talking to
little Anthony and the way they have to
talk to him because he has so much power
how are you Anthony
yt good to see you today whitey good and
it's such a good day isn't it a real
good day terrible hot day well I
wouldn't say that an ami no sir I
wouldn't say that at all it's fine it's
just fine it's a real good day
what are you doing Anthony why that's
real good whatever it is I was just
wondering what you were doing I made it
go for three heads Sam yeah yeah my he's
a real fine one I ain't never seen a
golfer with three heads before
I'll make him good now I'm tired of
playing with him he did gopher you be
dead my lad it's real fine that you done
that that's that's real fine Anthony
you're a good boy Anthony we all love
you so I just want to I just want to say
that this world peaks Ville Ohio as run
by Anthony played by Billy Mumy
has run by Anthony that is the world of
political correctness and Mark
Zuckerberg is the new Anthony all those
guys who run Twitter's Jack Dorsey the
guys were censoring conservative thought
on Google and YouTube which is the same
company the guys who banned my pal
steven crowder from twitter and youtube
the guys who are de monetizing dennis
prager videos and fired james dam more
for thinking about gender differences
these guys are the new anthony and the
reason is such a good comparison is
because they match tremendous power with
emotional immaturity and moral ignorance
this is this little boy nobody can teach
him because the adults were afraid of
him so nobody can teach him morality
nobody can teach him right from wrong
and he winds up being confused about why
the other kids won't play with him he
doesn't understand why nobody
like some and it is because they're
afraid of him you know this thing about
fake news it started
Cheryl Atkinson has detailed this it
started as a left-wing movement to
silence conservatives Donald Trump stole
and appropriated the term fake news and
used it against CNN and all the other
fake news errs but the campaign that was
started by David Brock and other Hillary
Clinton supporters to censor
conservatives has worked ok the all
these social media companies are now
using left-wing people like Snopes and
PolitiFact and the Southern Poverty Law
Center which is virtually a left-wing
hate group they're using them to censor
their news and to curate their news and
they are becoming Anthony from it's a
good life and the thing is they think
this is gonna stop there was so shocked
by Donald Trump's victory that they
think if they can just silence Donald
Trump's voters that somehow they can
stop anything like that from ever
happening again but I'm here to tell you
and this is what the show has been about
that when you silence people it just
backs up on you it's not supposed to be
a good life all the time and they're
supposed to be argument there's supposed
to be divin debate there's even supposed
to be division and hostility but it's
only when you silence one side that you
get rage that's when you the argument
turns into rage if everybody is allowed
to speak if we are allowed to come to
conclusions if we're allowed to reach
truths and laws together without the
Supreme Court stepping in and declaring
the stuff that is not in the
Constitution isn't the Constitution we
can go forward as one people even when
we disagree it's when you silence people
it's when the media is all on one side
it's when the elites are all on one side
and they control the means of
communication that's when you get raged
that's when you get division and if you
want to see war as these people keep
saying we're in we're not but if you
want to see war that's how you get there
who's on tomorrow we got down Ward
Farrell who talked about the crisis with
boys this is a really important topic
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see them off
he Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Stirling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin
Stephens edited by Alex zingaro audio is
mixed by mic core Mina hair and makeup
is by jesuit vera and our animations are
by cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
