Democrats are still trying to figure out
exactly what it is they should do in the
wake of Hillary Clinton so as you recall
last week Hillary Clinton came forward
and suggested that she was only not
President of the United States because
of these evil terrible horrible no good
very bad Hicks and rednecks and their
wives we're living in the middle of the
country well now she issued a very very
long statement because she has never
issued a short statement talking about
why she was wrong but she doesn't really
apologize she says during the interview
last week with an Indian news
publication I was asked about 2016 and
whether Trump is the virus or a symptom
of something deeper going on in American
society
like most Americans people overseas
remain shocked and dismayed at what they
are witnessing daily my first instinct
was to defend Americans and explain how
Donald Trump could have been elected I
said the place is doing better
economically typical alien Democrat and
places where there is less optimism
about the future lean Republican that
doesn't mean the coast versus the
heartland it doesn't even mean entire
states in fact it's more often captures
of the divisions between more dynamic
urban areas and less prosperous small
towns within states and what's hilarious
about this is this is supposed to be her
apology but instead she just doubles
down on all of this and says that so to
those who are upset or offended by what
I said last week I hope this explanation
helps to explain the point I was trying
to make we all got it lady we all got
the point that you were trying to make
that's the problem you wish we didn't
get it no wonder Democrats are running
for her Mary Hart who was a former
spokesperson for the State Department
under Obama she came foreign said
Hillary should please just go away like
enough you're right and she should go
away I hate to say that I really do the
first female nominee of a major party
has historical you know role certainly
and the right to speak up she is not
helping the Democratic Party and I think
she should take a very long vacation and
leave the future of the party to other
people I think the future of the party
is not with her and the clearest
indication of that is the fact that in
the 20 special elections that have taken
place so far in 2018 Democrats on
average have gotten 24 more points than
she did the party of the future is not
Hillary Clinton's party and I get why
she wants to keep explaining it but it
is not usually okay so even Democrats
are starting to realize they need to
move away from Hillary Clinton if they
hope to be successful in the future
