so you write a lot in the book about
post-traumatic stress I know a lot of
veterans commit suicide or they attempt
suicide after leaving the service I had
a viewer write in to me to say that he
and other veterans he knew he and other
veterans had attempted suicide just to
be admitted to the VA mental ward where
they could find some regimentation and
three hots and a cot is there any public
policy that you can imagine that
Congress could pass or that maybe the
civil civil society and the
nongovernmental organizations could put
forward that would alleviate PTSD among
veterans well I think you know I was
talking to a good friend of mine and
fellow author Robert Farah about this
driving back from LA and seen a couple
of those mattresses on Sepulveda but you
know you first have to frame the problem
and you know is is is suicide the
problem or the result of a problem is
you know the problem isolation or a
feeling of hopelessness and all of those
things that those series of traumatic
events that these young men and women
experienced during combat or whatever
whatever their trauma is I don't say my
trauma is any worse than your trauma or
better but those traumatic events lead
to a sense of hopelessness and how do
you cure hopelessness and through my
writing and through my connection with
veterans organizations and being the
executive director save the brave one of
the ways we do that is through
connecting veterans and connecting
people who are feeling hopeless but for
that complete isolation operation where
they think this is my only solution is
taking my own life and sometimes even
that's not enough because there's a lot
of times we've lost guys and and women
that you just never see it coming
and all you can do is really try and
help but to say that private
privatization of the VA system or the VA
healthcare system is the only answer I
think there's probably a hybrid
somewhere in there that is the answer
but you know again it's not some bumper
sticker Michael it's not some 22 push-up
challenge on Facebook these are real
people these are my brothers their sons
and daughters of Americans that they're
taking their own lives and if you can
see over my right shoulder you know
those are the names of the brothers and
sisters and soldiers and Marines that we
lost in this long war as I said here at
our memorial Camp Pendleton but there's
no memorial no granite pillars for the
almost 50,000 veterans that take their
own lives from the effects of
post-traumatic stress in this country
and those numbers may be even higher
because the only numbers we see are the
ones that are reported from active duty
service members through the DoD and
that's staggering fact so there's a lot
of ways to help absolutely as a fan of
less government you know you know being
conservative
I absolutely think there's other things
they could be doing but individuals can
help and there's there's way self that's
why a portion of the proceeds of much
sales in my book at go in Ramadi go to
save the brave to help veterans with
post-traumatic stress because for me
it's all about helping each others and
we continue to stay connected even to
this day long after we left the
battlefield and that's what's important
