hey remember the middle-east we've been
talking a lot about China and of course
Russia you know which is controlling all
of American probably all of the world
but president Trump has just fired his
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
whatever happened to the Middle East
what why aren't we talking about the
Middle East you know the place that we
have been fighting the longest war in US
history for the entirety of this century
today we will be joined by major Scott
using a retired US Marine infantry
officer and author of Echo and Ramadi
the firsthand story of US Marines in
Iraq steadly a city major Husing has
served 24 years of honorable service
both enlisted and commissioned and his
career has spanned ten deployments in
over 60 countries Scott will explain why
he's glad Tillerson is fired and more
broadly America's role in that
godforsaken sandbox between Europe and
Asia then the mailbag I'm Michael
Knowles and this is the michael knowles
show
beware beware the Ides of March mr.
Tillerson those Ides of March took him
down unfortunately I guess a few days
early but we were gonna bring on major
Tillerson major Tillerson he know he's
fired Tillerson fired Secretary of State
tillers and major Husing but before we
do that we have got to talk about sleep
clearly I haven't gotten enough sleep
last night it is true we actually we
were here at the Daily wire you know
having stogies and scotches and all this
thing very late and you know me I need
at least what 19 hours of sleep a night
otherwise I don't function I just don't
feel fresh I don't feel like me sleep is
very important people always cheap at on
this it's very stupid to do that you
spend at least a third of your life
sleeping on average and for me you spend
at least four-fifths of it there are a
ton of online mattress retailers popping
up these days all with a
one-size-fits-all solution to a better
sleep guess what one size does not fit
all I've moved around a lot from New
York and to Connecticut to LA I would
just sell my mattress because it's hard
to move it you know and then I go to a
mattress store and I got to go into the
shop and they're all like piranhas
they're you know trying to just gobble
up all your money and you can never
really compare or anything like that and
it's just a real hassle you know me I
don't even like to leave my chair much
let's go to a physical store helix leap
offers something that doesn't exist
anywhere else a mattress personalized to
your unique preferences and sleeping
style that will not set you back
thousands of dollars if you go to helix
sleep calm right now slept here like
sleep back I'm slash Knowles KO wles
take their simple two to three minutes
sleep quiz I'm a millennial I don't do
anything that takes more than five
minutes this is very easy very painless
two to three minutes let them know how
you like to sleep they will build a
custom mattress that will be the best
thing that you have ever slept on for
couples they will even personalize each
side of the mattress you know I'm
getting married kind of soon maybe time
to start shopping for that wedding bed
and as I've long said I like kind of
more of a firm mattress the sweet little
ELISA prefers a mattress that I am NOT
on so hopefully helix can customize that
make it agreeable to everybody everyone
from GQ to Cosmo to the New York Times
or talking about helix and once you try
it out you will know why your mattress
arrives direct to your door in a week
shipping is completely
free there is no reason not to try this
I know that most of my listeners and
viewers are homeless insane people so
look you got a hundred nights of
sleeping that's pretty good
I put it out on the curb on like
Sepulveda or wherever you guys live that
seems like a good idea go to helix
live.com slash Knowles Keo wles right
now you will get $50 towards your custom
mattress that is helix sleep comm slash
Knowles Keo wles you get 50 bucks off
your order don't say I never did nothing
for you
helix sleep comm slash Knowles and get
your requisite 22 hours of beauty rest
tonight
okay let's bring on major Husing Scott
thank you so much for being here it's my
pleasure to be on the program Michael so
to begin you wrote an op-ed a few weeks
ago a criticizing Rex Tillerson splen to
give three billion dollars of American
aid to Iraq the the semi sovereign
nation of Iraq as you as you write in
your book is requesting 80 billion
dollars in handouts to rebuild the
country Tillerson wanted to allocate
three billion dollars of US taxpayer
money you say it's not a very good idea
why is that well having spent the
majority of my adult life not sleeping
but fighting in Iraq and other places
the world I you know when I read that
piece it just called me a little bit and
my book echo and Ramadi is not political
it's it doesn't take one side of the
other it's a story about you know the
Marines and the soldiers and the
families that supported us but you know
you can't help but look back and when
you see something like that in
mainstream media and that's coming up in
the news I'm still very connected to the
Marine Corps as I sit here on Marine
Corps Base Camp Pendleton you know doing
an interview with some of my Marines
today you know it strikes at the heart
of everything we did and oftentimes I
get asked the question you know hey did
did you win in Ramadi
did you win in Iraq and you know we
never had a bumper sticker Michael that
said do this and you'll win obviously
killing more bat killing more bad guys
was an effective way to win and you know
a metric of success but the true metric
was bringing as many Marines home alive
as possible and we
I see our diplomatic corps our current
administration willing to write checks
blindly to rebuild a country that has
such a poor track record of one
embracing change and to being good
stewards of the money that they're given
and the unwillingness to move forward it
really bothers me because a lot of
people sit will say thank you for your
service and they look at service members
and they say oh yeah my money is paying
your salary
well service members pay taxes too so
it's everybody's money that's being
invest when those people say that do you
get to just punch them in the face
outrageous
well we should do it for you but no but
you're doing a great job because great
programs like you guys allow people that
have served to provide an understanding
to the general American people about one
what it means to sacrifice and to what
it means to serve your country and those
that are serving they're not only
getting the worst salaries of most
Americans but they're paying taxes too
so you know for someone that's spent 24
years in the Marine Corps and it still
pays his fair share of taxes more than
most as a Californian you know it does
it does I do take exception when we
don't have the the right people in the
right job for the right reason and and I
will never applaud one side of the other
like hey I never like to see anyone lose
their job or get fired and I you know
make it a president Trump cliche from
his apprentice days of you're fired but
I think we do need the right type of
leadership in those in those positions
not only at Department of State but also
a Department of Defense so there's this
synergy between all of those government
organizations that are making the right
decisions for our troops and for all
Americans that are in the best interests
you know the book is really good I was
reading it this morning when I was
sipping my coffee FA and preparing for
the interview and it's really really
good and you write in the book that you
had two objectives in Ramadi which is to
bring your guys home and to kill the bad
guys and sometimes you just want to
focus on bringing your guys home but
obviously those two things go together
and as a matter of it not being partisan
it not being political the Iraq
remains uncomfortable for Democrats and
for Republicans it's it's so very the
invasion was a spectacular success the
occupation seemed mismanaged out of
Washington the 2007 troop surge was
opposed by just about everybody other
than George W Bush then it was later
supported by just about everybody
including Barack Obama and Hillary
Clinton and then Barack Obama decided to
lose a war that we'd already won first
of all how does that summary hold up but
more broadly as somebody who has
experienced so much of it firsthand how
do you think about the Iraq war now 15
years after the invasion
I think the summary is absolutely
correct I take you lated it and
summarize it very well and as a member
of the search strategy as echo and
Ramadi as written we were part of that
in 2006 and 2007 to flood the
battlespace with additional troops to
bring peace and stability to that
country and we did that that's why I
always say to veterans who question
themselves you know did we win or lose
again we won we absolutely won and where
we failed was we took off the iron fist
way too soon to slip on that velvet
glove for vertical and you know we
handed it back over to the Iraqis and
I'll use what I know best my battalion
fought in 2004 in the First Battle of
Ramadi and then two years later the
battalion was back again and it's
because we handed it back over to a
country that wasn't established they
didn't have security they didn't have
stability and there was no continuity
within this government to truly and
effectively take care of the problems of
not only diplomacy but infrastructure
and support that are really required to
make it happen and that's not an it
that's not a indictment on the Iraqi
people but if we're gonna continue to
give them money if we're going to
continue to provide troops and support
and service which we are Michael and
that's something your listeners and all
Americans need to know is that there are
currently Marines and soldiers fighting
in Iraq today and Afghanistan in the
Horn of Africa and if we continue to do
this without a solid plan to rebuild
those countries and be good students of
the of the lessons we learned in history
in the Pacific Theater and in the
European theater after World War two
we're going to continue
to be tripping on her own shoes you know
you you were a lance corporal in Desert
Storm as you write in the book you've
had a long career in the military
how is the culture of the military the
management of the military civilians
perceptions of the military changed over
your quarter century of service and
maybe even a longer period as you say as
a student of history well I think it's
changed for the better I didn't I didn't
see any of the negative effects like our
Vietnam era veterans did and tani
Vietnam vets watching or listening the
program I say welcome home we love you
guys and for the the latter generations
even as a young enlisted guy back in
Desert Storm through my time as a major
when I retired in 2013 the American
perception is great
they love to support their vets and you
know but I say it's it's not just a
bumper sticker you really got to put
some skin in the game you need to reach
out you need to support with your
services or connect to a great nonprofit
and really help because it's not just a
bumper you can't just throw that bumper
sticker on your car and say I support
vets well what does that mean
because without some some ability to
measure that you know I really can't I
really can't understand what their
intent is but at the end of the day
every every American that walks up to me
or any other veteran says thank you for
your service it means a lot to me it
means a lot to every veteran so in the
absence of not knowing what to do just
start there it's a great good place to
start
so major using we have a few more
questions for you but before I get to
them I just noticed the time on my
movement watch so I have to talk about
movement watches because they help us
keep the lights on here and they are so
sleek and they are so cool you you've
all heard me talk about a movement it is
a watch company started by two college
dropouts the company has grown insanely
fast they have they have to keep
updating the copy because they keep
selling so many watches so they've sold
now almost two million watches in 160
plus countries they continue to
revolutionize fashion on the belief that
style shouldn't break the bank I don't
know if you've checked out the site
lately they keep adding new watch styles
they've doubled their there
were washed out they're still expanding
this one I have a couple movement
watches this one is my favorite I think
it's called the Atlas it's part of the
revolver collection super cool they call
it I think it's like retro futuristic it
seems like a contradiction but it looks
super cool it's got a nice minimalist
style very modern style and yet it's in
a case that you could think comes out of
the 50s or the 60s really a really great
product they've come a long way since
being crowdfunded out of a living room
they have introduced a ton of new
collections for men and women
they've also expanded into sunglasses
and fashion-forward bracelets for her or
him you know we're here man it's 2018
we're all a little Metro these days
little metro and retro so they have a
lot of styles here the I've got one for
sweet little ELISA I really like these
watches it's all about looking good and
keeping it simple if you're a guy come
on you might not be an American Hero
like major accusing but you you know you
can at least get to your meetings on
time you can at least show up where
you're supposed to be and pretend that
you have a job so the movement watches
started just $95 look if you went to a
department store I love watches I've
owned a lot of watches and I always like
to wear them if you go to a department
store you're gonna pay four or five
hundred dollars for a watch of this
quality movement figured out that by
selling online they were able to cut out
the middleman and retail markup
providing the best possible price
classic design quality construction and
styled minimalism you know look I'm a
big fan of styled minimalism I've made
any sort of career I have on minimalism
and so you might want to bring that from
your literary pursuits also over to
watches get 15% off today with free
shipping and free returns there is no
reason not to do it by going to MVM
t.com slash cough fa CoV fe fe there are
no syllables in movement but there are
syllables in cough FA try to keep that
in your head oh you're smart you'll be
able to figure it out MVM t.com slash
cough fa co v fe fe cy movement keeps
growing check out their expanding
collection join the movement all right
back to you major hewing during World
War two twelve percent of Americans
served in the Armed Forces
today that number has dropped to 0.4
percent in 1975 seven
percent of congressmen had served in the
military today that number is down to
20% 7.3 percent of Americans alive today
have served in the military at some
point in their lives and just a little
over five percent have served during
wartime is there too great a division
between Americans and the people who
fight to protect our freedom would it
benefit the u.s. to mandate some sort of
military or civil service and would that
even be politically possible these days
I don't think that's necessarily the
answer because with our all-volunteer
service we absolutely have the best
service members we have the best
equipment and and yeah there's room for
improvements with some of our programs
and a lot of the large surface vessels
and aircraft but the these young men and
women get the best training they have
the best leadership that they had offer
and they come from families in America
that raised these people who are willing
to raise their hand and make a sacrifice
to serve their country it is it's less
than 1/2 of 1% of 330 million people so
making it mandatory no I don't think
that's the answer do I think there's a
divide between the generations who are
serving in Congress or elected officials
absolutely and I'd love to be back on
your program to talk about an app that I
got coming out next week about our
millennial generation because I'm here
to tell you I'm a fan and I think you
probably might fall into that group yeah
I think you I sort of like them because
you know I'm part of them I think you
might be the only guy in the country
though who likes the Millennials they
get so much some aligned in the press
well I'll lay I'll let you read the
article and and hear my opinion on it
but I think that there's a big
disconnect in in a lot of
underestimation by every elder
generation that doesn't understand you
know each generation has its own form of
greatness and I never diminish that
because I've heard that throughout the
years you know through my 20 24 years in
the Marine Corps I'm sure the Vietnam
vets said that about us before we went
into Iraq guess what we proved them
wrong and we will continue to do that so
I want them to understand your listeners
and to those serving have faith because
they will
prove you wrong ultimately because we're
Americans and we do a lot of things
great and and our nation's military is
an extreme example of the greatness in
this country because it takes a lot to
do what these young men and women do
that is such a good point because we
frequently think of these you know these
Millennials ordering avocado toast for
$37.00 and changing their gender every
third Tuesday of the month and you know
it gets a little bit much and we kind of
malign them but these are extremes that
you see on the news headlines and there
are there are still great people there
is still greatness in the country on the
kind of difficult side of this you you
write a lot in the book about
post-traumatic stress I know a lot of
veterans commit suicide or they attempt
suicide after leaving the service I had
a viewer write in to me to say that he
and other veterans he knew he and other
veterans had attempted suicide just to
be admitted to the VA mental ward where
they could find some regimentation and
three hots and a cot is there any public
policy that you can imagine that
Congress could pass or that maybe the
civil civil society and the
non-governmental organizations could put
forward that would alleviate PTSD among
veterans well I think you know I was
talking to a good friend of mine and
fellow author Robert Farah about this
driving back from LA and seen a couple
of those mattresses on Sepulveda but you
know you first have to frame the problem
and you know is is is suicide the
problem or the result of a problem is
you know the problem isolation or a
feeling of hopelessness and all of those
things that those series of traumatic
events that these young men and women
experienced during combat or whatever
whatever their trauma is I don't say my
trauma is any worse than your trauma or
better but those traumatic events lead
to a sense of hopelessness and how do
you cure hopelessness and through my
writing and through my connection with
veterans organizations and being the
executive director save the brave one of
the ways we do that is through
connecting veterans and connecting
people who are feeling hopeless but for
that complete isolation
raishin where they think this is my only
solution is taking my own life and
sometimes even that's not enough because
there's a lot of times we've lost guys
and and women that you just never see it
coming
and all you can do is really try and
help but to say that private
privatization of the VA system or the VA
health care system is the only answer
I think there's probably a hybrid
somewhere in there that is the answer
but you know again it's not some bumper
sticker Michael it's not some 22 push-up
challenge on Facebook these are real
people these are my brothers their sons
and daughters of Americans that they're
taking their own lives and if you can
see over my right shoulder you know
those are the names of the brothers and
sisters and soldiers and Marines that we
lost in this long war as I said here at
our memorial Camp Pendleton but there's
no memorial no granite pillars for the
almost 50,000 veterans that take their
own lives from the effects of
post-traumatic stress in this country
and those numbers may be even higher
because the only numbers we see are the
ones that are reported from active duty
service members through the DoD and
that's staggering fact so there's a lot
of ways to help absolutely as a fan of
less government you know you know being
conservative I think there's other
things they could be doing but
individuals can help and there's there's
way self that's why a portion of the
proceeds of sales in my book at NGO in
Ramadi go to save the brave to help
veterans of post-traumatic stress
because for me it's all about helping
each others and we continue to stay
connected even to this day long after we
left the battlefield and that's what's
important that that's such an important
point because we can say we need to
reform the VA of course we need to
reform the VA we can say there need to
be nonprofit organizations that can help
and you should go out and help and that
of course is true but post-traumatic
stress is nothing new shell-shocked has
been around for a very long time and
you're dealing with people you're
dealing with a complex a group of people
and unfortunately evil does breed these
awful events in the world and there
isn't some utopian solution there's no
bumper sticker that's going to
and it you really need some compassion
and some empathy and to to live with
people on the final point this is the
the main point I want to talk to you
about because we've talked so much on
this program and in the news about China
and Russia as you know Donald Trump is
secretly Boris from rocky and bullwinkle
and apparently the whole time we've
known him for 40 years as a celebrity
and a business tycoon he was really a
Manchurian Candidate for Moscow of
course you know this has been reported
widely what should the u.s. role in the
Middle East be moving forward not China
not rush of the Middle East
well again I get asked that question a
lot
you know and it goes back to the
original the point you know did we win
and they say do you feel that your
sacrifices and that in the Marines and
sailors you lost over there we're all
for naught and I say no because Marines
don't fight policy they don't fight
politics or we fight the enemy and
that's what my guys did day in and day
out fighting five six seven times a day
day in and day out they fought and
killed the enemy so they won but do I
think we should again been better
stewards and established a firm presence
in the Middle East so we didn't have to
look into a crystal ball and say you
know what I bet we're gonna be back here
in ten years and in May of 2015
history proved us right and I'm no I'm
no gipsy Michael but Isis took hold in
the Middle East in 2015 and where did
they take hold Ramadi
because it's the capital of Al Anbar
province it was key terrain then just as
his key terrain now and I don't think
anybody needs to be a political
scientist but for those of us that
fought and bled and and lost our
brothers and sisters on the battlefield
we knew that if we didn't have a firm
presence in the Middle East we'd
ultimately be back there because were
the guys that have to show them what
right looks like until we step up and
until our political system and our
industrial and economic leaders in this
country step up and show them what right
looks like they're gonna continue to
wallow in how they think it should be
done to establish whatever form a
democracy they want
I'm not trying to impose the American
system on them but they should come up
with their own so we don't continually
have to go back there and try and fix
their problem and clean it up yeah yeah
absolutely yeah absolutely
the breeze will always you know do what
Marines do best and that's taking care
of those that can't help themselves and
if those are the orders of the President
of the United States the Marines will
respond that's such a good point we
frequently hear oh let's just get out of
there we've been there too long we've
been there long enough but the lesson of
the previous presidential administration
is you're gonna have to go back and
clean it up again if you don't do it
right if you don't have the courage to
do it right major Scott using first
thank you for your service
second thank you for your book the book
is very good I recommend everybody to
get an echo and Ramadi the firsthand
story of US Marines in Iraq deadliest
city it's a really gripping account and
an account that the 99.5 percent of
Americans who are not currently in the
military all auto read major Husing
thank you for being here when we're
gonna have to have you back to talk
about your next op-ed yeah I love it
anytime you want me on the program I'd
load to be back thanks Michael oh all
right thank you Scott you're telling me
I got I have such a good mailbag today
and you're telling me I have to say
goodbye you are sick monsters and
sadists all of you we have to say
goodbye if you're on YouTube no you're
not but if you're on Facebook you've got
to go to daily wire.com go to daily wire
right now what do you get you get me you
get the under Clavin sure you get the
Ben Shapiro show it's $10 a month or
$100 for an annual membership you'll get
the conversation yeah yeah blah blah
blah blah blah the leftist tears tumblr
look at the leftist here's tumblr there
is so much going on there has been so
much rending of garments on Twitter
these days you've seen you know I don't
know if you've been paying attention to
the gun control debate I don't know if
you've been paying attention to where
they said there was gonna be that trade
war it's gonna destroy the global
economy it's all gotta go down but it
didn't didn't happen did it didn't
happen and so this is gonna fill up
you're gonna need the only fda-approved
vessel to store your left as tears or
they could become radioactive and
destroy your whole family possibly major
US cities yeah your left ass tears
tumblr daily wire comm we will be right
back with the mailbag
we're low on time so we're gonna fly
through these today these are gonna be
all of the important questions we're
gonna fly right through from Ivan dear
Michael why did you decide to attend
Yale and what other universities and
colleges did you apply to I decided to
attend Yale because I am an actor and
I've always really liked politics and at
Yale they do both and they've got a lot
of people who have done very well in
both I also get a kick out of being a
conservative at a very lefty place you
know Yale produced Buckley and the
bushes and there's there's this kind of
much maligned conservative movement that
keeps coming out of Yale I actually
didn't really apply to other colleges I
applied early and then I started
applications at a couple of other places
I an email I distorted my Harvard
application I got an email from the
admissions office with a typo in it they
used a comma wrong so they didn't and I
took that as a sign from God that I
shouldn't go there I I pulled my
application and my interviewer there
told me that I was making the stupidest
decision of my life and yelled at me and
everything but I'm very glad I did it's
it's really sad to see Yale fall into a
total pit of despair right now but I on
this planet as a broader point to people
who were going to college looking at
colleges for themselves to their kids I
highly recommend going to a left-wing
school it will make you smarter it will
make you know what you think it will
make you think through what you think
iron sharpens iron or whatever they say
you know you really do want to be around
very smart lefties you will have the
intellectual advantage over them because
you'll constantly have to defend your
ideas and you will you will just figure
yourself m-more figure out what ideas
you have a right figure out which ones
are wrong and disregard those and get a
deeper education I do really recommend
it even though it's kind of
counterintuitive from Andy hey Michael
you answered a question about one of my
classes last week and I've got another
one I just got assigned a group project
where I have to perform a non violent
act in support of a social justice issue
seeing is pretty much all of the social
justice issues we have discussed our
garbage I think I will join a group that
is doing gun control that I know that
I'm the only conservative in the entire
class and have managed to keep my
opinions to myself
so far I just can't bring myself to
perform an act that goes against my
beliefs how do I work with people that I
know want nothing less than gun
confiscation and even repeal of the
Second Amendment thanks Andy
oh that's awful man you should do a real
social justice project which would be to
increase access to firearms and to
protect your constitutionally protected
civil right to keep and bear arms or to
defend the unborn you could do an
anti-abortion project that would be real
civil rights you'd save a million babies
a year that term really comes out of
Catholics the social justice teachings
of the 19th century but it's not what it
means today when it started
social justice meant to do the common
good it was a response to
industrialization said we should do the
common good this is what Aristotle talks
about this this is a long-standing trend
in the West the trouble is when they
divorced when the social justice
warriors when the sjw's and the secular
progressives decided to divorce social
justice from the thing that made at
social justice so they divorced it from
God and a teleological vision of man
like the traditional more classical
moral framework that Aristotle was
working in then you just had this lefty
nonsense and it's the always it's the
same thing with the left they want the
form of the thing the appearance of the
thing but not that which animates it not
the essence of the thing itself so now
it just means not justice we talked
about that at the Daily wire all the
time
the lefty so a politically correct means
not correct if social justice means not
justice I don't know I've always spoken
out on my politics from middle school
onward maybe it's hurt me in some ways
I'm always glad that I did it so I'd go
there and say I want to do a project on
pro-life I want to do a project to
protect the unborn and to make sure that
once those unborn babies are not killed
and they become adults we can make sure
they all have guns regardless of their
gender their their Creed their the color
of their skin or whatever make sure they
all have guns is that is a civil right
from Jeremy dear Andrew Klavan no wait
dear Ben Shapiro sorry one more time
dear Alicia Krauss well whoever you are
random guy who works in the broom closet
and gets nothing in return for his work
at the Daily wire except for the
occasional freebie from sponsors like
Boland branch or movement I was drinking
my coffee this morning and realized that
my leftist here's tumblr a hot or cold
is defective it is not filling itself
with leftist tears as advert
and I would like to speak to your
manager soccer-mom style what I had to
do to fill up my left my tumblr with
leftist years was to go into the
bathroom look in the mirror and say
cough f a three times then the ol unholy
spirit of a leftist who died because of
Trump's new tax plan started crying and
my tumblr was filled within seconds this
thing should really come with
instructions this was an informational
guide for the new subscribers thanks
Michael love the book keep at it Jeremy
PS tell Jeremy boring I said hi great
first name I'm gonna let that one speak
for itself that's an excellent question
really good stuff I really like that
question because it's not a question
from Justin dear mr. Knowles what do you
think that people why do you think that
people choose to be or purport to be
pagans in modern times there's a
relatively large Pagan community on
YouTube and they all seem to have a
rather negative view of Christianity to
say the least sincerely Justin yes this
is happening this is a strange thing
paganism is skyrocketing some people are
saying it's the fastest growing religion
in the world certainly the fastest
growing religion in Europe or in the
West according to religious studies
scholar Michael Strom Miska he's got too
many consonants in his name strum iske
it is quote a deliberate act of defiance
against traditional marriage he goes on
to write that it is against traditional
Christian dominated society and it
allows the people who hold these views
to use it as a source of pride and power
a neo-pagan the phrase neo-pagan was
first used in the 19th century by
romantic and nationalist writers in
europe this is when they were referring
to that classical revivalism that
hellenic revivalism in part right now i
think people are becoming pagan or
calling themself pagan as a response to
globalization because paganism is blood
and soil I've traveled to a number of
pagan countries and seen pagan religions
I've a lot of it has to do with race a
lot of it has to do with folk traditions
this is why by the way the alt-right is
obsessed with paganism this is why the
alright is wrong to the old Wright
defends Western Christendom but they
don't believe in Christianity and a
number of leaders of the alright they're
prominent people there have to
I mean they kind of like paganism there
something kind of cool about paganism
this is just like the Nazis of the past
this is just like other fascists they
had this obsession with paganism things
that predate Christianity they say
Christianity is too effeminate it's too
Universalist that Jesus he saves
everybody who believes in him then it
gets no good it's got a only be for one
people some folk tradition the alt-right
macdaddy Atlanta Benoit criticizes
Christianity and exalts paganism in his
work a manifesto do de novo ah the new
write manifesto he observes
desacralization he blames Christianity
for that and also you obviously see it
on the right with those crazy colored
crazy color haired ladies you know the
purple hair and like they're cooking up
goats or something and I have cauldron
and flying in broomsticks in the middle
of the night this that's the natural
state of humanity paganism is the
natural state you see it in all of the
ancient texts you see it you've seen in
the Bible it's I think that is where we
go to this kind of pantheistic
paganistic superstition atheists mock
Christians for being superstitious
Christians at least superstitious people
on earth it's the absence of
Christianity that calls causes
superstition and right now we're seeing
a decline in Christianity in so many
places in the West we're seeing the
triumph of this boring tawdry shallow
materialism and so it's unsurprising
that we're reverting to our brutish pre
civilized state of paganism but
hopefully we can come out of that
hopefully we get another revival
sometime soon stuff a little bit more
time Janine supreme
oh whatever hey Michael if my son
graduates high school I would like to
present him a nice glass of scotch and
cigar is there a good scotch and good
cigar for beginners I don't know is
there a bad scotch and cigar for
beginners I'm pretty good on whatever
you want my first cigar was a cheap
Cuban cigar call to guantanamera it's
machine-made so it's not considered very
nice but the tobacco is very good so
that I think starting with a good cigar
made me really like cigars some people I
know who were smoking you know some
cheap gas station cigar in the back lot
of the gymnasium or something they
didn't like cigars because their cigars
tasted like trash I
recommend Macallan 12 or Johnny black is
a good kind of starter scotch that
people like and I still love both of
those cigars and a cigar which is called
the ah phone number nine if you can't
get your hands on a Cuban phone number
nine is a wonderful cigar in the davit
off family and it's a little bit lighter
but very complex it hopefully won't turn
your Sun green in the face as happens
sometimes but a really nice cigar and
you can get it at a reasonable price
from Ben hi Michael I have gasped a
Catholic question my mother is Catholic
and my father is Greek Orthodox they
made the decision to have my brother and
me baptized Orthodox though nowadays we
do attend Catholic Mass with our mother
as I've seen now have both cultures and
churches approach the worship of God
that is how they differ in terms of
religious practice I've become more
curious about what the actual
differences are between the Orthodox and
Catholic groups in terms of belief you
commented on this a few weeks ago but I
was hoping you could explain it further
thank you love to show ya there are very
few differences and they there there
there is not a lot that separates those
two churches after the collapse of the
Roman Empire in 476 the eastern half of
the Empire continued as the Byzantine
Empire centered around Constantinople
and that had the patriarch of that city
with jurisdiction over the churches in
Alexandria and Antioch in Jerusalem and
that patriarch served under the emperor
the patriarch was legally separate from
the Emperor but the Emperor's exerted a
lot of control as you might imagine so
practically speaking the patriarch
served at the leisure of the Emperor
some claimed some of the Emperor's of
Byzantium claimed equal authority to the
Twelve Apostles and therefore the power
to appoint the patriarch there was
always that struggle between the
political and the political leader and
the patriarch the Emperor's
muscle-flexing also is what frequently
caused trouble with Rome so Emperor
Constantius appointed an Arian heretic
as patriarch in the 4th century so of
course
Pope Julian being a good Pope
excommunicated that heretical patriarch
in 343 Constantine or Constantinople
rather remained in schism for about 50
years until Saint John Chrysostom became
the patriarch in the East in 398 then
fast-forward a few hundred years in the
8th century
the iconoclastic heresy sought to
eliminate all sacred images ironically
it was the Pope and the Western bishops
who fought to preserve the veneration of
icons and images but even though today
now that veneration of icons is far more
prominent in the Eastern liturgy so the
Eastern Orthodox can thank the Pope for
that in 1054 this is what's called the
Great Schism but it really wasn't the
East and West started moving politically
apart after the Norman conquest of
southern Italy it wasn't really the
Great Schism that we refer to it that
way the Catholic Norman's took over the
Byzantine Rite Greek outposts in
southern Italy and they forced all the
Greek communities to start using the
Latin Rite custom of eating unleavened
bread for the Eucharist instead of
leavened bread this was the great
disagreement do we want flat bread or
thick bread for this Eucharist but it
really ticked a lot of people off so
patriarch Sariel arias retaliated by
ordering all Latin Rite communities in
Constantinople to use leavened bread so
we said all right you're gonna make my
guys eat unleavened bread I'm gonna make
your guys eat like focaccia or something
Latins refused to do that
so Sariel aureus closed their churches
and sent an angry letter to Pope Leo the
ninth the Pope then sent three guys led
by Cardinal Humbert to patch things up
and this was a very terrible idea
because both Humbert and cereal arias
were mercurial personalities they were
kind of jerks they left and so Humbert
then laid a bowl of excommunication
against cereal aureus on the altar of
the Hagia Sophia Sariel aureus then
retaliated by an atomizing Humbert
though he didn't anatomize the romans
the roman and western shirts itself the
thing is here that bull that
excommunicated cereal aureus was
probably not legit and the reason we
think this is because Pope Leo the ninth
was dead by the time that Humbert laid
it and the timing doesn't quite work out
Byzantium also never attacked the Pope
or the Latin Church itself so people say
there was this great schism in 1054 it
didn't really happen only in 1453
centuries later four centuries later
approximately when Muslim invaders
finally sacked Byzantium did the Eastern
Church repudiate their relationship with
Rome that that actual schism only
happened because the Muslim invaders
pressured them to do it also interesting
is that the schism the actual schism
only predates the Protestant revolution
by about six decades so that timing was
pretty close
the only real theological disagreement
between the East and the West is the
Filioque and and they obviously there
are some issues with deferring to the
Pope that's always been a political
struggle but that the Filioque the
Filioque is that the spirit proceeds
from the father and the son spanish
catholic bishops added that to the
nicene creed in the 6th century the holy
spirit proceeds from the father and the
son the Eastern Orthodox say two things
on this matter they say either that the
spirit proceeds only from the father
through the son or that it proceeds from
the father and the son but the Pope had
no right to clarify this in the sixth
century I are you asleep yet me too
earliest church fathers do imply that
the Spirit proceeds from the father as
well as the son but this is mostly a
distinction without a difference again
this this alleged dispute that we're
talking about this big theological
dispute only arose after Muslims forced
the Eastern Orthodox to repudiate rum so
I don't really buy it plus everything
the father has come everything the Sun
has comes from the father as we know so
the two statements are they're basically
complimentary I and and through it's
they're complementary statements not
much of a difference one hopes for
reconciliation I've heard it described
as the east and west being the lungs of
the church the two lungs of the church
the East has generally a better liturgy
these days they don't have any of those
damn acoustic guitars and eagles wings
and you know all the 70's nonsense the
West obviously has far more authority
and the West beat back the Muslim hordes
from Europe on at least three separate
occasions rather than giving in to them
like the east so PICU church I picked
mine think I said they're both good I'm
I'm really not disparaging the Eastern
Orthodox they've such a beautiful
liturgy but you know one of them has the
authority man come on and one of them
you know has maintained christened him
for 2,000 years so you know just just
saying from Benjamin Pope Knowles thank
you finally for using my title like the
anti Pope for something guy there was
the Avignon papacy maybe I'm too la
is there a real distinction in
Catholicism between sins of weakness
such as premarital fornication and sins
of malice such as deliberately hurting
somebody I was having a discussion with
a non-denominational friend of mine the
other day and he put he put any sin
willfully committed on the same plane
would having relations with my fiancee
knowing it was wrong
carry the same weight as say making fun
of someone who's disabled please note
that I'm not trying to justify my own
behaviors yeah sure buddy
and these scenarios are hypothetical
whatever helps you sleep at night well
at least the latter one mostly the
former thanks Ben
yeah of course there are gradations of
sin of course that's true there are
there are mortal and venial sins this is
best illustrated in Dante where Dante
goes down the circles of hell and at the
top are the virtuous pagans like you
know Virgil and all those guys who are
pretty good guys they just didn't have
hope they didn't believe in Jesus and at
the bottom or the deceivers Brutus and
Cassy isn't like the worst people that
ever lived
lots of Protestants who deny this point
to James who says whoever keeps the
whole law but fails in one point has
become guilty of all of it this is sort
of ironic because the Protestants don't
really like James that much broadly
speaking Luther didn't like James at all
but you know they like so we do know
from first John 5:17 who tells us all
wrongdoing is sin but there is sin which
is not mortal right so yeah though
Luther and his acolytes didn't have a
lot of respect for James seems a little
like picking and choosing to me but as
James says we all stumble in many ways
Christ Himself describes these
gradations
he says the servant who knows the
Masters will and does not get ready or
does not do what the master wants will
be beaten with many blows but the one
who does not know and does things
deserving punishment will be beaten with
few blows from everyone who has been
given much much more will be demanded
and from the one who has been entrusted
with much much more will be asked we
also see this in Matthew this is
throughout Scripture
James is writing of course he's right in
that he's saying someone who breaks one
law becomes a criminal
so if you have broken the law you have
broken the law as a whole but this comes
from the sermon of the mount right you
know you say don't I commit adultery but
if you look at a woman with lust you've
committed adultery in your heart so if
one has even broken the least law he has
broken the law and therefore he needs
forgiveness and mercy and to be merciful
as well we shouldn't take verbal
wizardry into the forbidden land of the
Sophists to say that this repudiates the
vision of Dante or John or Christ
himself in describing the varying
gradations of sin which we all know to
be true from bud
dear father Knowles I've been demoted I
went from Pope now I'm father dear
father Knowles I recently had a
discussion with an atheist co-worker
about the existence of God it's content
we got it we're gonna have to end it on
this one I think his contention is that
an omniscient God who is good would
never create the earth and human beings
knowing that there would be such pain
and suffering throughout the ages
basically why would God ever create
mankind in the first place I told him I
would consult my spiritual adviser and
get back to him man that's a lot that's
a lot of burden I usually just sit here
in Simcoe FFA and drink but I'll try to
take this on also what are your thoughts
on the traditional Latin Mass thanks
David well I'll take the last one first
because it's a little clearer I love it
I attend it often I recommend everybody
attended often too it's really lovely
and it's much better than the acoustic
guitars to your first question how would
you describe the greatest possible world
with the greatest possible world be
perfect then then if the greatest
possible world is perfect it would have
to be a world without freedom and we've
seen worlds with that freedom and those
worlds look a lot like hell freedom can
be pretty awful we see this in Romans
5:12 Adam is a is free he has freedom
and he sins he disobeys and that brings
sin and death into the world and that
brings sin and death to all of mankind
freedom can be pretty tough man it's
possible that the greatest world is one
of freedom and misery rather than
unconscious perfection I could sort of
see that you say well if we were just
all robots who weren't conscious how
would that be a perfect world there
wouldn't
humans in any way that we could think
about humans so you could say well even
with total misery even with eventual
misery what the world of freedom might
still be the best possible world but
it's still a miserable world right what
about a world of incarnation and
atonement what if God so loved the world
that He gave His only begotten Son that
whosoever believes in Him might not
perish but might have everlasting life
what if that son became incarnate of the
Holy Spirit born of the Virgin Mary and
became man and what if he fulfilled all
of the law and the prophets in perfect
humility and was murdered perfectly to
atone for his fellow man for no greater
love has a man than to die for his
friends and what if his perfect death
even death on a cross
conquered death itself freed man from
his infinite debt redeemed an
irredeemable debt resolved a financial
problem of debt incurred by the finite
against the infinite which therefore can
only be paid by the infinite creditor
creator himself and gave man for the
first and final time a reason to hope
enjoy an abundance that sounds like the
greatest possible world to me alright
that's our show
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Noel's show if you want even more joy on
your weekend listen to another kingdom
that should be fun as you're in the
darkness of the daily wire and I will
see you on Monday
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex Zingara audio is
mixed by mike core amina hair and makeup
is by Jeshua
OV era copyright for word publishing
