all right you got to talk about
Pennsylvania the race isn't over
obviously though it came down to like
four votes or something so it's probably
gonna trigger a recounts probably gonna
go to court they've got a count absentee
ballots which usually don't matter this
time looks like they will blah blah blah
Democrats tend to win these things when
it comes down to these little minut that
I don't know some of you had those
crafty little Democrats in government
they usually eat get out in the end
that's fine I'm gonna look on the bright
side of all this if a democrat had to
win one of these elections they didn't
when they were predicting in Florida
we're gonna turn or in Texas rather
we're gonna turn Texas blue this is
gonna be it then they didn't turn Texas
blue and it's kind of shut up about it
you notice if they had to win one of
these things I'm glad it was this one I
am glad it was this one because this
election means nothing practically
practically it means nothing it's a
warning which I like but it's
practically meaningless the
gerrymandered district pa-18 will not
exist in November there's going to be
another election in November just a few
months from now it's being broken up
Connor Lamb who probably won this
election will run in a new district
likely Pennsylvania seventeen where he
lives in November at which point eighty
percent of the district will be new to
him so incumbency does help candidates
generally but it doesn't doesn't help
candidates if you're 80% in a new
district so and I'll give a few excuses
for Republicans probably losing this
race by seven votes or whatever despite
the last few years of Republicans
running here Democrats still hold a
registration advantage of major
registration advantage it's probably all
those dead people in like 13 year old
aliens from Mars or something but still
they hold a major registration advantage
also Connor lamb was a better candidate
he was a better candidate than the
Republican Rick : a lamb out raised him
five to one he's better looking he's
more articulate he's more exciting and
most important of all lamb ran is a
fairly moderate even slightly Republican
candidate the left is now saying that's
those are excuses it is an excuse but
it's also an explanation
you can't deny he ran as a moderate and
kind of Republican candidate
particularly relative to the far left
movements of the Democrats so he
wouldn't endorse Obamacare he said that
he would work with either party on
health care
he supported tax cuts but he said he
opposed Trump's tax cuts but he supports
guts but now I just not that one them
for some I don't like that one for
whatever reason he ran against gun
control good that's I mean Democrats
don't do that especially now but he did
because he knew that he had to be more
Republican to win
he supported Trump's actions on the on
the steel and aluminum tariffs and on
abortion he pulled the Mario Cuomo the
classic Cuomo he says I'm personally
against abortion but I'm pelleve it
should be a right which is just another
way of saying I would never kill my
precious babies but all of those poor
people and all of those minorities they
should kill their babies but I would
never kill mine or precious and valuable
but all of your all those other people
they don't know let's kill them that's
what he said but you know whatever I
guess it works electorally
among some constituencies given that
that race doesn't matter whatsoever this
is why I'm kind of glad the Republican
lost I mean look at the second it could
win it could really run again in in
November there's a chance that they're
both in Congress in in next year
