andr I'm 23 and getting married in
November one of the things I'm anxious
about is having children in a few years
in this horrible culture how do I raise
my future children to have good values
and appreciate good and virtuous art
without being completely socially
alienated first of all never be afraid
to have children or put it another way
be afraid to have children because
they're a tremendous responsibility then
have them we need more children more
children are like guns we need a lot of
them to stay free we need people like
you to be having children when you
create a family you are also creating a
culture and if that culture is a joyful
culture obviously it's not always gonna
be happy because sad things will happen
but if it's a joyful culture if you are
with your wife because you enjoy being
married and you and she takes joy in you
with all your flaws and you take joy and
her with all her flaws and you take joy
in your children then you're going to
have this joyful household and the
culture that you create in this
household
is going to have tremendous appeal it's
going to be a powerful thing because
people you know your kids are gonna say
hey you know that is very cool if you're
saying like if you're if all you're
saying is no no no don't do that that's
evil that's evil that's evil then you
know you're not gonna be giving them a
world of joy of positive influences that
are going to battle the culture outside
it's perfectly okay to make your point
about the culture outside and even to
forbid things especially the younger
children that you don't want them to see
even homeschooling them as as far as I'm
concerned it can be a really wise move
but the most important thing you're
going to do is pour the love and joy and
show them that the that your way of life
is a joyful way of life and when they
look around and see their friends taking
drugs and looking like idiots and when
they see them you know going off and
becoming radicalized and being miserable
it's not gonna have all that appeal to
them you will have a lot more strength
listen as you go along the way kids are
gonna believe all kinds of things but
joy is a powerful weapon so you know
when you have those kids in and I'm
telling you have kids they are there I'm
when you have children the world becomes
three-dimensional when you have children
you suddenly say oh I thought I was
living in a three-dimensional world but
it was actually an illusion now I see
the meaning of life and
it will teach you as much as it teaches
them but again that is the way you've
combat the culture you combat the
culture by creating an internal family
culture of love and joy
