the special congressional election in
Pennsylvania is over and it's so close
there's sure to be a recount but as of
right now Democrat Connor Lam is the
apparent winner by around 700 votes the
Democrat triumphed in a district Trump
won by 20 points and some Republican
commentators are seeing trouble in the
midterms the New York Times a former
newspaper ran an op-ed reaction to the
election saying quote it's always hard
to read the tea leaves this far out but
the Pennsylvania election clearly
indicates that Republicans will soon be
washed away by a great flood and then
dragged into the unquenchable fires of
hell while Democrats will likely be
lifted bodily into the sky where they
will dance around the throne of Barack
Obama for all eternity while singing
holy holy holy as I'm doing right now
unquote Barack Obama of course was a
former president or something it's hard
to remember now that his legacy has been
crushed to a fine powder and blown away
by the indifferent winds of history lamb
ran as a make-believe Republican touting
his military service and his mildly
pro-gun policies in order to get himself
into position to vote on every vote
exactly as Nancy Pelosi tells him to
Pelosi in fact was delighted by the
election and spoke afterward to House
Speaker Paul Ryan about her hopes for
the upcoming midterms in the Senate
Democrat Chuck Schumer also told his
opposite number Mitch McConnell that he
was pleased with the results I will
destroy you oh thanks looking good
trigger warning Andrew Klavan and this
is the Andrew Klavan show
it's mailbag day it's here at last it is
mag day so all the questions that you
asked ben shapiro in the conversation
yesterday you can now ask me and get the
real answers right meanwhile when you're
done listening to ben's podcasts and my
podcast and maybe Knowles's podcast if
you won't really want to there is a new
one that wonder e is putting up that
really is good it's called this is war
so many of the stories of our veterans
now are not really being heard this
podcast from the wondering podcast
network called this is war is sharing
the personal stories from the brave men
and women who serve in our armed forces
he's a first time and accounts of what
it's like to fight and survive combat in
foreign lands protecting our freedom the
bonds that are formed and the
psychological toll that often takes on a
human being and what it's like to return
home trying to figure out how they fit
in and heal the physical and emotional
wounds from their time in combat in the
first episode these are really
beautifully produced by the way in the
first episode you'll meet ion mearns and
a month before his senior year in high
school he was just 17 years old
ian walked into a recruitment office and
signed up that was August of 2001 right
so month later we had September 11th and
a year later the world had completely
changed and he was entering the military
under very different circumstances that
he'd anticipated it's a heartbreaking an
amazing story so go listen to this is
war on Apple podcast or wherever you're
listening visit wondering da FM / Andrew
that's wondering it's one Korea's wonder
and then why wonder EFM / Andrew and
subscribe and listen to it it is it's
really good it really is a moving
podcast so if I had one of those guy
girl arguments where the guy keeps
saying you know it's obvious I'm right
these are the facts and the girl keeps
saying it doesn't matter if you're right
it's the way you say it you're not
saying it right don't like the way
you're saying it right it drives it
drives guys crazy I know but but it's
almost like the country is in the middle
of that argument and I'm not saying this
is all about guys and girls I'm just
saying
kind of argument because here we have
Donald Trump who is he
look the country is doing great
economically there's virtually no
unemployment black and white onion black
unemployment is as low as it's been in
years
the black-white unemployment employment
participation gap has narrowed to its
smallest level in 40 years and Trump is
losing these elections I mean some of
the some of these special elections that
they're holding the Republicans are
winning but the gap that was there that
Trump won by is disappearing the one in
Pennsylvania they still haven't worked
this out yet I mean con olam is claiming
victory and he does seem to have a few
more votes than the Republican but this
was a place that Trump won by 20 points
so here is the guy he's this is MSNBC
and so you'll say oh it's the left wing
but this is basically the common wisdom
that's going around about these
elections this is from Steve Kornacki at
MSNBC yeah this is not an isolated event
that we just saw here in Pennsylvania 18
look at it this way from the start of
Donald Trump's presidency go back to
April 2017 that's when we had our first
congressional special election of the
Trump era you were then in a district in
Kansas the trumpet won by 27 points and
that special election the Republican one
but the margin fell down to 7 points
this is a pattern we've seen a few times
since went out to Montana a couple
months later Trump at one the state by
21 the at-large congressional district
also falls down to 7 again you're seeing
a double-digit swing how about South
Carolina the 5th district Trump and won
it by 19 went all the way down to 3 in a
special election you did have Georgia 6
in here that's one where Republicans
Trump won narrowly Republicans won
narrowly that one's in there as well but
then you know look yet Alabama Trump won
the state of Alabama by 28 points Doug
Jones ends up eking that thing out on
election night and here we go this was
trumped by 20 and this is you know
basically Democrat by you know 0.3 but
you're getting double-digit swings now
excuse me in five of these congressional
senatorial special elections
double-digit swings that really looks
like a trend it doesn't look like a
trend now look I don't read
and I don't know the elections can
change right away I suspect there's
gonna be some big event in North Korea
that could change everything but I
predict that because who knows what's
gonna happen just want to make one thing
clear I am NOT talking about morality
I'm not talking about right and wrong
I'm not talking about any of that I'm
talking about strategy right because I
know that a lot of people love the
Donald they love president the Donald
you know and like every time I say well
maybe you shouldn't have done that I
hear from him you know I hear like oh my
gosh you shouldn't say anything wrongly
there Donald is fighting our our fight
for us and you know we got the little
people he's got our backs total totally
talking about strategy I mean let's talk
about yesterday the Tillerson firing
right apparently you know the chief of
staff called Tillerson Tilson was
suffering from some disease in Africa
and said listen I've trump was gonna
fire you on Twitter on Friday hey but I
held him off but you better come home
because things are not looking good
Tillerson comes back this is according
to the Washington Post and he gets fired
by tweeting three hours later Trump
calls him up so Tillerson gave his talk
yesterday he responded to being fired
thanks everybody Thanks you know his
mother thanks the director of the movie
thanks like it gives the whole Oscar
speech doesn't mention the President of
the United States doesn't mention him
once so clearly these two guys do not
get along now Trump was right to fire
this guy right they were not getting
along they didn't agree on major things
they didn't agree on getting out of the
Paris Accord I'm much more on Trump's
side by the way I don't think Tillerson
was doing that good a job he spent a lot
of his political capital reorganizing
the State Department which maybe it
needs but that's a you know kind of a
waste of time
it's Tillerson is a man you respect he's
a man you be this is the guy who headed
up Exxon very successful a man of
dignity ahead of you know he was an
Eagle Scout he believes in the Boy
Scouts support the Boy Scouts he is kind
of a Boy Scout he's a straight arrow guy
you don't treat the guy like crap and
this is the thing that it really does
bother me when Trump supporters say this
Trump goes after Jeff Sessions you don't
treat Jeff Sessions like that you know
you can dislike him you can argue with
him you can fire him you can do anything
like that but you treat them with
respect the guy has earned that respect
he's acting as he sees
that and a lot of people may say well
he's doing the wrong thing you should
never accused himself on Russia but you
don't go after among Twitter that's not
the way people treat each other that is
not the way people respect each other
again I don't like it I can tell you
personally I think it's awful when
people treat each other that way but
just talking about respect I'm just
talking about strategy just talking
about strategy women especially they go
nuts when they see Donald Trump and it
when they when he behaves this way it
just makes them crazy and when he's
losing 20 points and doing so well the
economy is doing so incredibly well
where's Isis gone where's the war gone
you know North Korea wants to talk to us
everything is going great everything
Trump is doing it really really well and
people hate him and people hate them and
that's bad bad strategy you know it
really it really is funny because you
talk about Tillerson and the
disagreements they add but there's also
the fact that some of the things the
Tillerson supported Trump wound up doing
like take North Korea Tillerson has been
saying we should be negotiating with
North Korea and now Trump is going over
to negotiate with North Korea and Trump
yesterday he took total so that was my
decision my decision my decision but
Tillerson has been pushing for that so
until erson made his speech he made sure
to point out I mean this is part of the
obvious tension between these two guys
to listen made sure to point out that
he'd been partly responsible for that
doesn't cut number-5 first working with
allies we exceeded the expectations of
almost everyone with the DPRK maximum
pressure campaign with the announcement
on my very first trip as Secretary of
State to the region that the air of
strategic patience was over and we
commenced the steps to dramatically
increase not just the scope but the
effectiveness of the sanctions so the
big one that they just did disagree on
is Tillerson apparently support of the
Aranda I cannot understand you New York
Times hammers this thing with the Iran
deal that Trump is banding this
wonderful Aranda I do not see how
anybody supports this thing and Trump is
absolutely right about this trumpet it
was speech on the Iran deal classic
Trump is
at number one just this is where he
stands so you can see if you disagreed
with them on this you were gonna get
fired we're also working with allies
partners to block Iran's path to a
nuclear weapon and confronted
sponsorship of terror and bloodshed all
around the world everywhere we go in the
Middle East it's Iran Iran Iran behind
every problem is Iran well we're dealing
with it in a very serious fashion one of
the worst deals I've ever seen was the
Iran deal 150 billion dollars we gave
them for what Wow and you know is
absolutely true all this did was delay
around nuclear weapons and if it delayed
them it may just have delayed them in
terms of what we see that people keep
saying yeah they're following the deal
but they're obviously not following the
spirit of the deal and they're
terrorists but you know who knows what
they're doing it's it was a ridiculous
deal and Obama spent so much of his
capital on this thing that you know he
lied he held up drug investigations it's
awful and I don't know what Tillerson
was thinking but but obviously when you
have these two guys they some of the
things they did were hilarious like
Tillerson calling Trump a moron which
I'm sure actually happened because they
asked him about it and he kept saying
well I don't want to talk about this
silly stuff you know that and then he
authored the other story it's actually
an entire article in The Wall Street
Journal about this that they're sitting
in China at a diplomatic dinner in China
and they serve a salad and Tillerson
doesn't want the salad and Trump's
afraid that they're going to be insulted
and he says eat the salad Rex
oh and again again you know here is the
thing about Trump you somebody said
yesterday one of the hysterics on the
mainstream media said the Trump is a
sociopath he doesn't understand other
people's feelings that's not true I mean
I said that's that's absurd what he does
not seem to understand is that other
people have dignity he's not the only
person who has dignity he's not the only
person who has a sense of himself you
know when people insult him he says
that's rude and then he calls people
names you know and I think like you know
like I said you don't treat a guy like
this like that it's just not what you do
and it doesn't come across well if
you're just talking pure-strategy
speaking of strategy if you're going on
vacation you want to strategize where
you're going to stay and that's why you
go to trippin dot-com you know I am very
old-fashioned about sir I always like to
stay in hotels because hotels you know
you just know where everything's gonna
be but my wife talked me into starting
to get rental properties and the thing
about a rental property is when you're
there you're kind of more of the
community so you're getting to see more
of the place you can get different stuff
like for instance if you want a
townhouse you can get something right in
town where you actually feel like you're
living in the city wherever the city is
or if you're out in the woods you can
get a cabin in the woods and get more
rooms so if you want to take your whole
family along you've got places to go you
can get a kitchen so you don't have to
pay for the expensive meals you get in
in hotels tripping kaam is the largest
site for getting these rental properties
and you can spend less time planning
your trip with tripping calm because you
don't have to visit a ton of different
sites with tripping com1 serge lets you
compare every home from the world's top
vacation rental sites in one place to
find the best deal on your perfect
vacation rental and best of all tripping
calm lets you join millions of travers
travelers who find more savings with
rates up to 80% less than traditional
hotel rooms that's a lot less so if
you're planning spring break on the
beach in Florida tripping calm can't
wait to swim in Lake Tahoe this summer
tripping calm dreaming of sitting on the
deck of a Smoky Mountains cabin say it
with me brother tripping calm this year
you can save time and money when you
book the vacation home of your dreams
with tripping dot-com / clayvin you're
saying wait this sounds totes to Rivet
but I don't know how to spell Clavin
it's que la VA n that's tr IPP ing comm
/ ke la VA and finds your perfect
vacation rental trippin dot-com / Clavin
so you know again again I know people
hate it when I when I pick on Trump
Trump's manners and I heard yesterday
all kinds of conservative commentators
trying to excuse him for the way he
fired Tillerson and I'm not trying to
make a tremendous big thing about it but
you could see that Tillerson was really
really ticked off and and you know take
a look at this guy
all right now Connell and they say he
ran as a Republican but that's not true
he's ran is a fake Republican he was a
an actual marine and he did that thing
that Democrats always do with a overplay
the military thing like yes I accept
this mission to run for Congress he go
yeah we get it you were a Marine thanks
for your service but what do you believe
you know and then he would say things
like well I'm personally opposed to
abortion which is like great you know
like as they're ripping the baby to
shreds and selling its parts like thanks
I'm glad you personally opposed it but
he wasn't politically opposed to it he
did say that he was against more gun
restrictions but you just know all these
Blue Dog Democrats are the same once
they get in they vote
they're just congressmen right they both
the way the whip tells him to vote so
they're gonna vote with Nancy Pelosi on
every single important thing that's why
Trump was calling him Lam the Sham
because he was just and make believe a
Republican but listen to the way he
speaks and this is this is he's claiming
victory the victory is still up in the
air because it's so close but listen to
the way he speaks and compared to Donald
Trump people are so tired of the
shouting on TV and in our politics it is
it's amazing what happens when you're in
a room with real people who have real
aspirations and real troubles there's
lots of ideas there's no angry shouting
our job in Congress is to attack the
problems not each other people want to
be heard they want to talk about serious
things and honest solutions not be
drowned out by dark money distorting the
truth and telling lies to our children
I'm proud that you helped me refuse
corporate PAC money you know it's funny
that dark money thing is always a big
issue and I remember somebody yelling at
me right after the election Trump won
because of dark money I mean Trump spent
so much less than Hillary Clinton did
and the whole dark money issue is really
I feel an attempt to silence political
speech because it sounds great when you
say there should be transparency but
really what that means is if you donate
to something and people don't like it
they can boycott your business which is
tear a terrible thing for for
you you should be able to donate where
you want without being exposed all the
time so the guy is good luck look this
district was redistricting out of
existence by a judge I don't know if
that's gonna hold up but as of right now
if that holds up this guy's gonna vanish
like the district vanishes he'll go back
to wherever fake Republicans go you know
and he won't be there anymore so that so
this is not a heavyweight result that we
all have to worry about in terms of
votes but I do think there's something
to be said for the fact that people are
put off by Donald Trump in spite of his
incredible successes and they are really
incredible you know they're one of the
false narratives is being touted around
is that it was really funny because
Tillerson worked in Russia for Exxon and
Putin gave him some kind of friendship
medal and all this when he was appointed
everybody said ah proof at last proof at
last that Trump is in collusion with
Russia he's pointing a Secretary of
State who is in the Russian pocket he's
just he is Putin's puppet this guy so
then you know there's this spy thing
going on in Britain where this spy
ex-spy was poisoned obviously by the
Russians Theresa May is going at out
after it until erson came out and said
yes it's the Russians today yesterday I
mean Trump also came out and said it did
sound like the Russians and Trump was
actually being kind of reasonable
everybody wants them to jump down
Putin's throat including me for this
because Putin is a murderer it's a good
reason to jump down his throat but Trump
is waiting to talk to Theresa May in
England so this is cut seven I'm
speaking dude Theresa mate today it
sounds to me like it would be Russia
based on all of the evidence they have I
don't know if they've come to a
conclusion but she's calling me today as
you know now we're going to the wall
we're going out to the wall we're going
to be looking at the prototypes which is
very important for our country but
Theresa May is going to be speaking to
me today it sounds to me like they
believed it was Russia and I would
certainly take that finding as fact
as soon as we get the facts straight and
we're going to be speaking with the
British today we're speaking with
Theresa May today and as soon as we get
the facts straight if we agree with them
we will condemn Russia or whoever it may
be but I have not spoken to our figures
sometime today now I want to wrap this
up so we can get to the mailbag because
we have great questions in the mailbag
today
but I just want to finish by Rex
Tillerson comes out and he made this
statement about Russia which was much
more hard-boiled much more direct I
think Trump is right he's got to talk to
the reason maybe before he comes out and
says anything exactly
Putin is hitting back against May and
saying he's gonna pull out all of
British media out of Russia and all this
but but Putin is very good at what he
does which is being a murderous tyrant
he's really good at it he's really good
at disassembling whatever hopes the
Russians had of freedom after the fall
of the Soviet Union he has been expert
at it
Barack Obama fell for it george w bush
fell for it they've all you know
remember Hillary Clinton with her reset
button they all fell for what this guy
is doing because they didn't want to
start trouble they were so happy the
Cold War was over they were so happy the
Cold War was over they didn't want to
start it up again but Tillerson as a
bear you know that that was one of the
things that one guy I know who has
worked for Tillerson when he was
appointed I said to him is he a Russian
plant he said he knows exactly who these
guys are
and you could hear it in cut numbers six
much work remains to respond to the
troubling behavior actions on the part
of the Russian government Russia must
assess carefully as to how its actions
are in the best interest of the Russian
people and of the world more broadly
continuing on their current trajectory
is likely to lead to greater isolation
on their part a situation which is not
in anyone's interest so so the funny
thing is of course the same exact people
who were saying he appointed Trump cuz
he's in Russia's pocket are now saying
he fired Trump because he fired you
pointed Tillerson because he's in
Russia's pocket are now saying he fired
Tillerson because he's in Russia's
pocket his Tillerson was too tough on
the Russians so now he's firing so Putin
is just like running everything except
you don't know he's what he's doing
opposite things the one thing I just
want to end with this the one thing
about Trump that we really have to think
about for a minute
is when you think of a a bad guy being a
politician a nasty guy being a
politician you think of him being a
nasty politician in other words you
think of Stalin you think of Hitler you
think of people who violate the norms of
governance who violate people's freedoms
violate people's rights Trump hasn't
been like that at all the press keeps
calling him authoritarian he is actually
weakened the executive branch he's
weakened the government he has been less
authoritarian then certainly than Barack
Obama was with his pen and his phone I
have a pen in her phone I don't need the
lawmakers I mean that's authoritarian
Trump has not been like that at all but
it is possible that he's just a rude
brusque obstreperous guy who's not
violating American norms right and all
I'm saying about that is okay so what
you know so it lowers the conversation
so it makes the government a little bit
chaotic so it offends the dignity of
good men who are serving the country
like Tillerson and like Jeff Sessions
but also also we do have to think about
this as a strategy you know we want to
keep winning we want to keep the
Congress we want to get for the midterms
if that's possible
we want to keep the Congress we want to
Trump to get reelected I want Mike Pence
to be President in the election after
that you know you have to wonder about
whether Trump understands luck Trump is
obviously some kind of brilliant
instinctive strategist you have to
wonder if he understands how this comes
across to certain people in the country
all right let's talk about movement
watches my movement wants is one of my
many I now have many movement watches
I'm wearing them all the time because
they're so you know they're not only
good-looking they're cheap that's the
thing they're you know it's very hard to
get a watch that looks nice but also
doesn't cost so much and the reason is
all the other watches have vowels but
movement takes the vowels out and that's
where the big expense comes from with
with watches you probably didn't know
that you probably thought it was the
insides but no movement just spells
their watches MV MT they've left out all
the vowels and I think one in in there
too so you get all that break so a watch
that would cost you hundreds of bucks
movement watches start at just $95
really as a department store something
this nice could cost you 400 to 500
bucks these were two kids who got
together in college and so we love good
watches we love
beautiful watches but we don't want to
pay a lot of money for him that's
exactly the way I feel I love good
watches and I don't want to pay a lot of
money for them so they they've
introduced not only a ton of new watch
collections for both men and women but
they've also now expanded that doing so
well they've expanded to sunglasses and
fashion-forward bracelets for for women
so you can get 15% off today with free
shipping and free returns by going to
movement comm now you would think that
was spelled with a lot of vowels costly
vowels that you would have to pay for
but no it's M V M T dot-com / Andrew
that's how they keep the prices down
leaving out those vowels and just making
it MV M t-dot-com
/ Andrew cy movement keeps growing check
out their expanding collection go to
movement dot-com / Andrew M V MT comm /
Andrew join them
that's the one that's the one drawback
of not having vowels you can't pronounce
there goes its slogan join the movement
alright we have to say goodbye to fix a
YouTube but we have the mailbag coming
up all your questions will be answered
all your problems solved answers are
guaranteed a hundred percent correct
will change your life for the better
who knows let's find out come on over to
the daily wire.com and listen to the
rest of the show or subscribe and watch
the whole thing alright the mailbag yeah
alright from Jessie hello speaker of
truth in dark places and Lord of the
East Coast who went west big fan of your
podcast and books how do you reconcile
your uncomfortableness with lawrence
Southern's identity beliefs and your
belief that european nations are not
creedal which i believe you explained as
francis france because of the french and
if non French replaced the French we
don't want to be friend so my question
makes sense it does make sense but let
me clarify it for anybody who didn't
quite get it because that was a long way
around basically I have said that you
could make an argument in European
countries that some of their culture is
race-based English is English because
they were angles for the French or the
French because they were the Franks the
Germans or the Germans and so on and you
could argue that these things grew up
now
actually out of culture and whatever
whatever more out of culture than of
race but you could argue that only the
people who came from that culture could
support that culture whereas in America
we have written down our cream so
anybody can join the fun as long as they
subscribe ascribe to the Creed and so we
have no argument
we have no identitarian argument as they
now call it which is just bigotry
another fancy word for bigotry but but
all the same we have no identitarian
argument because we've written the Creed
down anybody can ascribe to it here's
the thing it's historical right because
in the after the fall of the Roman
Empire which is where if some of their
culture came from and the German tribes
did have a tradition of freedom and
voting and they I think they used to
vote twice once drunk and once sober to
make sure they got the same results I
actually do think that's true but you
know it grew up the cultures grew up a
little bit more like Topsy you grew up
naturally out of out of the earth out of
blood and soil as they say and so
America was essentially a distillation
of those cultures especially British
culture put into words they realized
that a new age was beginning in new
country how often in the world do
civilized men get to form a new country
and say this is what this country is
gonna be like that hadn't really I can't
think of another instance where that
happened it happened in America it was
at really as if like a history it had a
new birth and they took what they had
learned from England and Europe
generally and they put it into a creed
that changed the world right so that
washed backwards not only over Europe
but over the whole world as I've said
before even the Russians when they
enslaved people had to pretend they were
a republic they said they were the Union
of Soviet Socialist Republics even
though it was just a gigantic slave
state they had to pretend they were a
federation like America because America
had been so successful and so it washed
back into Europe where now you will hear
Europeans say well we're a multicultural
country I lived in England and they were
always saying the Prime Minister was
always saying this is a multicultural
culture country and I'd look around
think really you know it looks like a
British country to me it looks like a
bunch of Englishmen running around to me
but but it did wash back and they said
yes this American idea works so well it
is the leading
in the world we are the kind of empire
of the world at this point it has washed
backwards so what the they have to
decide it's not for us to decide the
European countries have to decide how
they feel about this are they ready to
establish that what they are now is our
cradle countries like us or are they not
but it's something that they have to
decide so you can all I was pointing out
was they can make the old argument that
we are French because we are France
because we're French we're we can't make
that argument so if they took my advice
they would establish their Creed the
British used to laugh at me when I lived
in England they would laugh me why do
you have to have a written constitution
that's why that's why because we're a
bunch of mutts we come from all over the
place we like that we come up from all
over the place we enjoy it we enjoy our
multicultural life together most of the
time when we're not killing each other
and when people aren't using it for
identity politics when we're left alone
we do have a successful mental melting
pot that's a good model they could take
up that model but they have to take it
up you can't just sit around talking
about who we are that's not who we are
you have to know what you believe we do
do they that's the question
so you know yeah Lauren something can go
over there and sell you know
identitarian politics or where her
friends can but they have to decide for
themselves if that's what they believe
in all right John Lindell Claire voyant
Clavin Sayer of sooth do you see a
president Haley in our future I feel
that she could revitalize conservatism
and attract tons of new voters I'm
actually not clairvoyant I could really
see her becoming the first female
president she's doing such a good job at
the UN so I could see that happening all
right from Colin dear Zionist Oh Clavin
that's sarcastic all right this is very
long I'm gonna try and edit as I read it
I honestly think the fad pride movement
has a bit of a point on some things
which of course they're of course their
suggestion that severe obesity is a
healthy lifestyle is absurd and their
demands that everyone find them
attractive childish I think I honestly
agree with them on their view of beauty
standards in the West it seems to me
that the idea of trying to attract a
mate is a false and animalistic view of
what love is and in my experience
choosing to love someone makes all their
qualities and physical attributes
perfect to you because you love each
other it also makes me think that the
political rights common response
the fat pride movement of your ugly go
loosing weight is counterproductive and
destroys a woman's self-confidence so
basically the question is what do you
think of this and what's your opinion in
general on the fat pride movement first
of all I completely agree with you that
completely agree that standards of
beauty have become absurdly limited and
anybody there are plenty of women who
would be considered overweight who I
find incredibly attractive and yes you
are right when you fall in love with
women they become attractive and I think
that that you know that it's it is
absurd to think that every woman can
only be produced either by surgery to
look the way she like looks or like a
million hours of exercise not every
woman has to look like that
women in the old days didn't look like
that and I don't think they have to now
so I think you're absolutely right about
that and the whole physical the problem
with you know obviously obesity which is
a huge problem in this country and
people never talk about it because it
doesn't affect the sneek coasts that's
why you don't hear is enough about it in
New York and LA people are super thin
you go out to the rest of the country
there's a lot of obesity and obesity
isn't good for you the fat pride
movement like all pride movements is
garbage okay this is the thing so this
has nothing to do with people you know
or you're maybe a little overweight do
you maybe whatever people should leave
you alone other people's weight is none
of your business anyway fat all pride
movements are shame movements black
pride gay pride fat bride they are all
movements of people who are ashamed of
something who are trying to get rid of
their shame by forcing you to like them
the shame is internal but they have
taught themselves or been taught that
it's coming from outside that is a
recipe for misery if you need the
approval of people around you before you
can be happy with yourself that is a
recipe for misery because they're always
going to be people who dislike you and
they may dislike you for good reason you
have to look within and ask yourself
what you are actually ashamed of you
don't have to tell fat people that they
should lose weight they know that
already they're having a problem you
know if they're really obese they're
having a problem with food and it's
really hard to break the food addiction
because you can't it's like I broke an
addiction to smoking because you don't
have to smoke but you have to eat so
once you know once you start eating it's
hard to stop so the thing is the pride
is ridiculous you have to look within
yourself what are you ashamed of how can
I change it obviously I feel that it's
orienting yourself to the North Star
which is God and Christ and when you do
that you stop you stop feeling shame you
feel better and better and better you
cannot get rid of your shame by forcing
other people to pretend they like you it
never works because the shame is within
you so fat bride has nothing to do with
the issue obviously we should definitely
expand our ideas of what's attractive
and stop picking on people from Jeanine
hey Andrew I am hooked on the shotgun
Ali series oh these are my I have a
trilogy of books called the Weiss Bishop
books they're dynamite rode shotgun Ali
and damnation street and I'm very proud
of them I have to say so I says I'm
hooked on the shotgun Ali sirs can't
quit listening when you talk about the
investigator inserting himself into the
story the author there's an author
character the story is it's a detective
agency and a lover of detective stories
comes to work at the detective agency as
a glorified secretary and he starts
writing the novels so the books that
you're reading or his creation of what
he's actually seen he's asking me if
that narrator is based on me no I am
extremely good at writing characters
that people think are me it's just a
talent I have somebody is always reading
a character especially the nasty
characters I don't know why especially
the real bastard Channel I mean guys who
like people I love guys were like you
know sexual it's murders and they'll say
is that you yes that's that's me that's
what I do you know it's like with some
reason people read read my characters
and they think they're me I take that as
a compliment but no they I mean
obviously they're a relation he goes to
the goes to the same college I went to
he loved this mystery story so there's
always some kind of parallel but he is
not really like me all right
good series though I actually am quite
proud of that Josh wise master Clavin
this is also very long and I will try
and keep it as cut cut it down recently
my sister has told me about some of her
extensive beliefs in topics such as
MKULTRA project monarch and governmental
connection to extraterrestrials and
monarch and MKULTRA are conspiracy
theories that the CIA controlled
people's minds
ah she says I was bounce rights from
Josh he says I was raised as a Christian
and over the last few years have become
more and more convinced of the truth of
my faith in part because of you so thank
you as my sister told me about some of
these beliefs are hers I could not help
but feel she has lost complete touch
with reality she says some of her
beliefs are so outlandish and there
seems to be no firm base for her to hold
up these beliefs such as reason and
logic because even your thoughts and
memories she believes even your loved
ones could be manipulated by the
mysterious they according to her beliefs
she has seemingly become more intense
with her desire to warn me
she believes there implants in her body
and probably in mine and almost everyone
else's she doesn't want me to see the
doctors have my kids vaccinated and even
cautioned me about having my mom watch
my kids alone as she believes she may
play a part in implanting these mind
controlling devices please help I do not
know what to do in the situation I don't
blame you art first I'm not a doctor I
may have a very important that I say
this and I don't know this person so I'm
going only off what is in your letters
if if this were me and somebody were I
loved we're telling me this I would be
deeply concerned about this person's
mental health I don't know how old your
sister is if she is a younger person
this is when diseases like schizophrenia
and paranoid schizophrenia appear and
they can cause you to have these
belief systems that are impervious to
logic because they take away you know
all the things that logic is composed of
like induction like free thought all
those things that make for a reasonable
argument it outstrips those arguments so
you can never argue with them I if I
were you I have to say in this situation
if it's as bad as it sounds here I would
contact you know when I worked on a
suicide hotline essentially they had
references you could go to one of them
was called the National Alliance on
Mental Illness and they have lots and
lots of things that can help you deal
help you deal with this and possibly
help her it may not be possible to get
her to see somebody it may not but you
have to deal with it because this what
she's talking about is seriously bad
stuff this is not something like oh if I
can just find the right argument she'll
go
of course you know this is this is
something that is obviously hooked into
her head and very hard to get rid of and
it could be it could be trouble I don't
blame you from being worried about it I
would contact the expert tsunami it's
called Nami the National Alliance on
Mental Illness from Aran hello great
sage of the written word while listening
how do these guys get my business cards
I don't know while listening to your
Monday podcast use talked early on in
the stream you made a point of defending
Trump a thought seized me and I would
like your thoughts on that the thought
is Trump is is Trump our Clinton that is
to say as president Trump curbing the
curving the grading of what Republicans
will accept as public official well yeah
this is what I'm worried about this is
what I'm talking about all the time this
is why I feel that even though we should
support Trump and I don't pick on him
every time he says something or you know
and I get the the whole thing where he
attacks the press I find hilarious the
whole thing where he violates norms of
political correctness I think is
actually a positive thing even though I
wouldn't do it I think it actually is a
positive thing but this is why it you do
have to stop and think well wait wait
are there certain things we're not ready
to give up like our principles like our
good manners like our sense of you know
of respecting other people because then
then down the road yeah what happens to
us is what happened to Clinton what
happened to Hillary Clinton when you go
back to Hillary Clinton she says I'm a
feminist icon you say yeah well where
were you effeminate icon when you were
hounding the women who were you're
accusing your husband of rape and
molestation how are you a feminist icon
if you sacrifice too much the feminists
during the Bill Clinton Monica Lewinsky
thing they lost all their moral sway all
their moral power if they had any to
begin with because they threw away their
principles and what you know you when I
don't want to sacrifice present
victories for possible future disasters
right I want the present victories I
don't want to sacrifice them for things
that might happen but I do want to hold
on to myself I do want to hold on to my
own virtues I do want to hold on to my
own principles so that later on I can
say yes I didn't sacrifice my principles
I understood the Trump did bad things
but he also did good things and this is
where I stood and you know obviously
obviously the left is gonna say whatever
they they're gonna say but at least I
want to feel that I did the right thing
all along the way and was saying the
things that I truly believe from Ben
andr I'm 23 and getting married in
November one of the things I'm anxious
about is having children in a few years
in this horrible culture how do I raise
my future children to have good values
and appreciate good and virtuous art
without being completely socially
alienated first of all never be afraid
to have children or put it another way
be afraid to have children because
they're a tremendous responsibility then
have them we need more children more
children unlike guns we need a lot of
them to stay free we need people like
you to be having children when you
create a family you are also creating a
culture and if that culture is a joyful
culture obviously it's not always gonna
be happy because sad things will happen
but if it's a joyful culture if you are
with your wife because you enjoy being
married and you and she takes joy in you
with all your flaws and you take joy and
her with all her flaws and you take joy
in your children then you're going to
have this joyful household and the
culture that you create in this
household is gonna have tremendous
appeal it's gonna be a powerful thing
because people are gonna you know your
kids are gonna say hey you know that is
very cool if you're saying like if
you're if all you're saying is no no no
don't do that that's evil that's evil
that's evil then you know you're not
gonna be giving them a world of joy of
positive influences that is going to
battle the culture outside it's
perfectly okay to make your point about
the culture outside and even to forbid
things especially the younger children
that you don't want them to see even
homeschooling them as as far as I'm
concerned it can be a really wise move
but the most important thing you're
going to do is pour the love and joy and
show them that the that your way of life
is a joyful way of life and when they
look around that see their friends
taking drugs and looking like idiots and
when they see them you know going off
and becoming radicalized and being
miserable it's not gonna have all that
appeal to them you will have a lot more
strength listen as you go along the way
kids are gonna believe all kinds of
things but joy is a powerful weapon so
you know when you have those kids and
I'm telling you half kids they are there
I'm when you have children the world
becomes three-dimensional when you have
children you suddenly say oh I thought I
was living in a three-dimensional world
but it was actually an illusion now I
see the meaning of life and it will
teach you as much as it teaches them but
again that is the way you combat the
you combat the culture by creating an
internal family culture of love and joy
see I'm running out of time all right
I'm gonna stop that's let's go to
tickety-boo news so I'm sorry just ran I
was having such a good time doing the
mailbag I could do the mailbag all the
whole show could be the mailman but I
just lost track of time
so here's is something that is actually
I think a really positive development
Joy Behar on the view who to me is just
a yeah
she's a dope I mean I just find her to
be a dope but she said something about
Mike Pence and his Christianity that was
genuinely offensive and let's play the
original which he originally said do we
have that one thing to talk to Jesus
it's another thing when Jesus talks to
you exactly I'm not correct that's
mental illness if I'm not correct if not
mistaken she meant to say but she was
mistaken and real credit to the media
Research Center it's one of our favorite
sites here we use their videos all the
time I don't always give them credit
because it just gets slows things down
but the media Research Center does
wonderful work keeping track of the
mainstream media and their biases and
they just mounted a campaign to get her
to apologize to pence and to all
Christians because it's a you know it's
a stupid insulting thing to say pence
got into the into the act and first the
what does it's ABC the head of ABC said
well she apologized to me and that was
like yeah that's not exactly it you know
so then pence got into the act and says
yeah said yes she does over Paula an
apology and Joy Behar called
we like to call it we shortened his name
to men she is basically my favorite guy
in the administration so Mensch goes on
TV and says yes he did a private call of
apology you know I give joy behar a lot
of credit she picked up the phone she
called me she was very sincere and she
apologized and one of the things my
faith teaches me is great
forgive as you've been for so does mine
but I'm not as good at it as you look
but but I said but I said to joy of
course I forgive you that's it's part of
part of my faith experience but I did
encourage her and I'm still encouraging
her to use the form of that program or
some other public forum to apologize to
tens of millions of Americans who were
who were equally offended by what she
and makes me question the sincerity so
so on the view they played what I just
played and now Joy Behar delivered this
incredibly heartfelt lengthy and
extensive apology so I think vice
president pence is right I was raised to
respect everyone's religious faith and I
fell short of that I sincerely apologize
for what I said okay
she should add it and screw you because
that's obviously what she's thinking it
was a graceless apology but it wasn't an
apology the point that I want to make
here by the way is with bled by the
media Research Center conservatives use
some of their social might to get her to
do that she obviously didn't want to do
it she resisted it for a long time she
should have done it the day after
anybody can say a dopey thing and you
know I really don't believe in outrage
constant outrage and all this and and I
don't believe in in constantly making
everything into a cause celeb but
conservatives have got to understand
that we are now the revolution we are
the revolution we are in the minority we
are fighting for American traditions
that were good that worked
the reason these traditions were tossed
aside is because the left made the
argument the stupid argument that people
had been excluded from our traditions
that was true so the answer is to
include them in the tradition that's
true but they're the left's argument has
become you excluded them therefore the
tradition is wrong so we have to get rid
of the tradition itself we are fighting
for our lives for our country we have to
pick up the phone we have to use our
economic might you saw what happened
with the NRA a little bit of pressure a
little bit of pressure and all these
companies started to cave but when you
stand up to them you thrive financially
when people stand up to the anti-gun
people they thrive when people when
chick-fil-a stood up to the pro gay
marriage people and said no we have the
right to
our opinion they thrive so we have to
make people understand that you thrive
when you are just the NFL that's what I
liked about Trump attacking the NFL when
the players refused to stand for the
national anthem he's right about this
Trump is right about this these things
matter our culture matters getting
people to respect our culture matters
getting people to respect the way our
culture was built which is through
Christianity matters this this was a
good thing and even joy Behar's
graceless and obviously reluctant
apology is a victory and I think good
for good for the media Research Center
and good for Mike Pence for standing up
for the things that people believe all
right who's gonna be on tomorrow do we
know it's up in the air were juggling we
got a couple of different choices but
what both them I know who they are and
both of them are really good so there
will be a great guest tomorrow I will be
my own guest and that will be fantastic
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we will see you tomorrow the
Andrew Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
technical producer austin stevens edited
by alex zingaro audio is mixed by Mike
Corr Mina hair and makeup is by Jesuit
vera and our animations are by Cynthia
Angulo and Jacob Jackson the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
