it's amazing the entire left has said
that Donald Trump is the reality TV show
president we've never had anything like
him before it's completely unprecedented
well well now Obama is in advanced
negotiations according to Kyle Griffin
with Netflix to produce a series of
high-profile shows that will provide him
a global platform after his departure
from the White House people familiar
with the discussions tell The New York
Times
so apparently Eric Schultz a senior
adviser to the former president issued a
statement president and mrs. Obama have
always believed in the power of
storytelling to inspire throughout their
lives they have lifted up stories of
people whose efforts to make a
difference are quietly changing the
world for the better as they consider
their future personal plans they
continue to explore new ways to help
others tell and share their stories so
so much for non reality TV show Obama he
is now going to invading your Netflix
with his latest series yes he was the
Hollywood president I said this at the
time when Trump was elected the the
great irony of the situation is that
Obama thought that he was this great
statesman who is not a reality TV she in
reality TV game show host and then he
had to look across the room at a guy who
is his direct polar polar mirror he's
like bizarro Superman make bizarro Obama
in the form of Trump both reality TV
show presidents one who considers
himself a great thinker and one who
considers himself an entertainer
