happy International Women's Day
everybody this is the top hashtag on
Twitter I'm sure you've seen it of
course nobody knows anything about the
day you just see these things on Twitter
you say oh yeah it's international what
one day okay great yeah okay well what
is the history of this as with most
things that begin with the word
International International Women's Day
is socialist and nonsense and it's
particularly nefarious socialist
nonsense but we'll get to why later
it changed the 20th century in some ways
so it's really bad the first National
Women's Day was held in 1909 in New York
guess who organized the Socialist Party
of America not surprising in 1910 the
international socialist Women's
Conference created International Women's
Day finally at the one year after after
New York's following the October
Revolution in 1917 Vladimir Lenin made
it a national holiday in the Soviet
Union
he made International Women's Day a
national holiday wonder why communist
thugs made International Women's Day a
national holiday it's because on
International Women's Day on March 8th
in 1917 a International Women's
demonstration actually started the
Russian Revolution
it started the Communist revolution that
just destroyed the 20th century is a
true story a protest of women textile
workers in Petrograd took place this is
commonly cited as the inciting incident
of the Russian Revolution
Trotsky admitted Leon Trotsky admitted
that he'd helped plan the protest but
even he was surprised at how widespread
its effects were he wrote quote meetings
and actions were foreseen but we did not
imagine that this Women's Day would
inaugurate the revolution but it did
right from the horse's mouth right from
that communist horse's mouth the holiday
International Women's Day was celebrated
almost exclusively by communist
countries and socialist activists until
1975 when it was adopted by the United
Nations but maybe that wasn't very much
of a change was it maybe there's a lot
of continuity there
