you know who I in her Celia is right she
is the anti Sharia activist she was
thrown out of the Netherlands or they
said they said you know she's causing
all the trouble it was actually the
people trying to kill her
we're causing the troll she says in
Saudi Arabia governed by Sharia Islamic
law a woman must live under the
authority of a male guardian her wali
al Omer the Quran says quote men are the
protectors and maintainer zuv women
because Allah has given the one more
strength than the other and because they
support them from their means the
general presidency for scholarly
research an official body in charge of
Islamic legal opinion has issued a fatwa
construing that verse strictly a woman
should not leave her house except with
her husband's permission Saudi women do
not have freedom of movement and never
become fully independent legal persons
regardless of age they need permission
from a male guardian to travel overseas
apply for a passport marry or be
released from prison the guardian is
usually a woman's father or husband but
can also be a brother cousin or even son
imagine the humiliation she says of a
middle-aged woman having to ask a young
son's approval for important and mundane
life decisions Guardians reach doesn't
stop at the border listen to this this
is amazing last April last April 24
year-old Dina Ali laws loom was held up
by Filipino authorities as she changed
planes at Manila International Airport
miss TLAs loom had left Saudi Arabia
against her family's wishes her Saudi
uncle's appeared and whisked her back to
Riyadh an airline official told Human
Rights Watch he heard Ms Laz loom
begging for help before being carried
out in a wheelchair with duct tape on
her mouth feet and hands the Saudi
government said this was a family matter
she has not been heard from since but
her credit cards are interest-free so
that's great so Linda and Linda Sarsour
sir has said of ayaan Hirsi Ali that she
needs her butt kicked this was one of
her tweets she needs her butt kicked
here is let's listen to ayaan Hirsi
Lilly responding to Linda so sir mr.
Tsui is hostile to me not because she
knows me but because she's a fake
feminist mr. Shu is not interested in
universal human rights
she's a defender of Sharia law and the
principle of Sharia law there is no
principle that demeans degrades and
dehumanizes women more than the
principle of Sharia law and Linda sir su
is a defender of that she hates me she
hates Brigitte Gabriel because of that
Linda sir su is not a defender of
universal human rights she is a defender
of Sharia law she hates me because I
expose what Sharia law is what Sharia
law is is what the Islamic State of Iraq
and Syria is doing so let's just broaden
this out for me
