the Texas primaries were today week I
couldn't sign off without talking about
this this was too delicious this was too
so so good Democrats told us yesterday
for the past few weeks there was gonna
be an overwhelming Democrat turnout
you're gonna see more Democrats turn
Athen Republicans we've got the blue way
of coming you're gonna be like Morgan
Freeman in that movie no no they said
that early voting voter registrations
had Democrat numbers up over one hundred
percent and Republicans just 10 percent
oh no I'm Morgan Freeman and deep impact
no president Trump your reaction but
very well put President Trump they have
been telling us about the big blue wave
in Texas for years abortion barbie
promised that she was gonna turn Texas
blue they're trying to give amnesty to
3.6 million likely Democrat voters to
turn Texas blue that's right that's
right
GOP turnout was over 50% higher than
Democrat turnout sad over 50% higher in
the gubernatorial primary Republicans
broke their own record for the highest
turnout in history
Republicans cast just about 1.5 million
votes yesterday Democrats just a little
over a million sad absolutely dreadful
turnout for Democrats in 2002 Democrats
had a great year that cast more ballots
in those races than Republicans this
year 50% down said for the Senate race
Ted Cruz's Senate seat Cruz picked up 85
percent of the GOP vote his next closest
competitor was Mary Miller who picked up
6% looking pretty good for Ted Cruz
on the Democrat side the leading
contender the person who was gonna
trounced Ted Cruz the appropriately
named Beto O'Rourke grabbed just 62
percent of the Democrat primary vote
nowhere near what Democrats were hoping
maybe it's Beta Beta Roark who knows
that an aspirant mean Democrats wanted
to smack down George P Bush land
commissioner in Texas just didn't happen
Politico dejectedly reports that Bush
cruised to victory by the way despite
his last name George P Bush embraced
president cough FA because despite the
constant negative press Donald Trump
remains popular and it were
it helped him another takeaway from this
great news I mean I guess it doesn't
really matter because we're out fund
raising Democrats too but the money
didn't really matter that much three
Democrats who led the way in fundraising
throughout 2017 they didn't even reach
the runoffs in top-tier congressional
races admire a former Obama State
Department official he led all of his
opponents in fundraising he ended up in
fourth place
whomp-whomp
