Chelsea Clinton came out yesterday
though and she says that President Trump
should lay off her mom this is I thought
this was amusing back to back she said
that Ivanka Trump was fair game and then
she said that Trump should lay off
Hillary what troubles you the most about
the state of the country right now and
what would you say to the president
about it please do your job please don't
worry about like the Oscar ratings or
how my mom's doing all their thing she's
doing great MA so don't worry about her
a mom the reason people are worried
about how Hillary's doing is because
again there's unprosecuted corruption
that went on during the Obama
administration and now that Republicans
are in charge of their investigating
it's sad that they had to do it now they
should have done it more when Obama was
president it's sad that it takes another
Attorney General to actually appoint the
special counsels necessary to look into
these issues but that's because Obama
corrupted these agencies first if the
Attorney General had done his job when
Obama was president it wouldn't be left
to Republicans to do that job I like
Chelsea saying to Trump lay off Hillary
but then she says well it's fine to
launch into Ivanka do you have any
sympathy for her because she's an adult
who was taken on an official role in the
White House do you think she's fair game
for criticism or she just another
presidential child I think anyone who
works for the president is certainly
should expect to be scrutinized for
whatever decisions not only she or he is
making but whatever decisions the White
House is making on any given day
okay how about people who work for the
Clinton Foundation which was alleged to
be involved in corruption while you were
while your name was on it it's the Bill
Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation
how about people who worked in a moms
campaign and speak at the DNC you know
again the hypocrisy here is pretty
astonishing Chelsea has barely been
asked any questions about the corruption
of her parents because she's been seen
as off limits but vodka apparently is
within limit I think both of them should
not be off limits I think questions
should be asked to both of them and all
of that is fine but hypocrisy the media
there is pretty astonishing
