what did motivate you to try to stop
Hillary Clinton oh my goodness it's at
the in November or December she was
lecturing at a university for women or
something like that and she put this on
her tweet that every victim of sexual
sexual abuse should come forward and be
believed and be supported and that just
went all over me and I thought how dare
you Hillary Clinton how dare you the one
who intimidated and frightened the
victims of your husband yeah it just it
absolutely I had stayed quiet you don't
for so long and I thought good gosh I've
got to answer this somehow and I thought
I had didn't know how to use Twitter I
had to get my grandson to show me how to
use Twitter and so on them I know I know
I couldn't get it to go through and so
finally he explained to me what was
going on and how I had to do it he did
not know what I was going to tweet but
he did help me get get on Twitter and
and decide and see how to use it so I
said and got my statement just like I
wanted it and did not say anything
Michael that I hadn't said for the last
20 years I mean the last 40 years and I
thought well that looks good I believe
I'll just tweet that so I punched tweet
and I mean just like I said in the book
all hell broke loose it was my phone
started ringing off the wall and people
I guess there were so many people that
didn't know you know so many people out
there millions that had no idea that I
had been on Dateline in 1999 then and
told about my right by Bill Clinton so
many didn't know so it was a news story
all over again
