there is something I want to say about
the the gun debate one of the ideas that
keeps popping up under all the hysteria
about guns and the fight of the NRA and
all this nonsense that really has
nothing to do with what happened is how
many of these shooters are fatherless
kids a lot of them are fatherless kids
and it's not obviously just a mass
shooters but Peter Hasson of campus
reform we had one of their spokes ladies
on but he wrote an article a few years
back where he says you know there's a
direct correlation between fatherless
children and teens Islands fatherless
children are more than twice as likely
to commit suicide dropping out of school
seventy-one percent of high school
dropouts came from a fatherless
background according to the US
Department of Health and Human Services
fatherless children are a dramatically
greater risk of drug and alcohol use two
of the strongest correlations with gun
homicides are growing up in a fatherless
household and dropping out of school
which itself is directly related to the
lack of an active and present father and
you know I've been in prisons because
from my novels all sometimes they were
prison scene a vow each time I do it I
vow never to do it again because going
to prison they even visiting it for
research is one of the most depressing
experiences you will ever have in your
entire life when the door closes behind
you you think the first time I went into
a prison I turned to the guard and I
said remind me never to commit a crime
you know cuz it's like you do not want
to go to prison but when you go through
you know what you see I mean maybe if
you were a left is what you would see is
oh this person is dark skinned or
something like that what I saw it each
each cell every single self father was
fatherless fatherless
