so as many of you know I spent most of
my life as a novelist if you listen to
another Kingdom or read werewolf cop or
true crime you know that I'm actually
incredibly good at it and and I've
studied stories all my life and very
early on I came upon an essay by a
famous essay by a German I think it was
a mythologist who wrote about the
following incident a professor is at his
desk he's trying to work his little
daughter is annoying him and finally
just so he can concentrate he takes
three matchsticks that have already been
burnt so they're not dangerous
and he hands her the three matchsticks
and he says go and play so she'll leave
him alone so she goes off in place with
three matchsticks and one of them is
Hansel and one of them is Gretel and one
of them's the witch and she's playing
with the matchsticks he goes back to
work and he's working for about twenty
minutes when suddenly his daughter lets
out a shriek of terror and the professor
leaps up and he looks at her and says
what's the matter what's the matter and
she says the witch take the witch away I
can't touch the witch anymore it's a
matchstick right and then the professor
writes about the fact that this is the
way stories and mythology work that they
transfer power from the imagination to
the emotions so we all go through this
when we're watching a movie or watching
a TV show nowadays and the heroine died
saying we all cry even though we know
she doesn't exist she doesn't exist in
the our hearts are broken that this girl
is dying because we've had a transfer
from the imagination to the emotions
here is a story about myself in which I
behaved like a total idiot many many
many years ago and I was still out of my
mind I was working as a news writer for
a big New York radio station and it was
a very intense very high-pressure work
we have to deliver stories a whole
newscast every half an hour sometimes we
had to write on a deadline a minute
sometimes we just had to get things on
the air as fast as possible get gather
the facts put stories on the air a
hurricane was coming and our orders were
basically to terrify our audience
because when you terrify the audience
they listen they want to know what's
going on so our hurricane was heading
toward New York City toward Manhattan
and all morning long every half an hour
we were terrifying the audience we had
we told you what was going to happen
when this hurricane hit all the windows
in your apartment we're gonna blow out
tape them with
you know duct tape to make sure the
glass doesn't fly all over the place we
had experts on we had public officials
telling people to stay indoors and have
nothing you know evacuate and all this
finally just like the little girl with
the matchstick I panicked I panicked my
wife and my little daughter were at home
in an apartment where there one entire
wall was made out of glass and I could
just see the glass coming in flying
through the windows like hurricane came
roaring into New York blowing the glass
out and just cutting them all to pieces
and I called my wife and I said get some
duct tape tie up the windows and she
said what are you nuts
but being a loving and adoring wife and
devoted wife she actually poor woman
whatever tape with duct tape of course
the hurricane never came and never had
you know it was just us because it was a
slow news day it was just us trying to
keep our listeners engaged terrifying
them and I had had a transfer from my
imagination to my emotions this brings
me to yesterday on the news as the press
went entirely insane today I'm gonna
read your letters that you sent me and
answer the question what would Trump
have to do to get you to desert him you
hears that here is the spoiler alert you
are saying an intelligent the people on
the news are out of their minds trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
all right put some duct tape windows
it's gonna be a hurricane of a show my
wife has never forgiven me by the way
that does come up every now and again
the mailbag is tomorrow so you want to
get your letters in how do you do it you
may ask you go on The Daily wire calm
you have to be a subscriber so while
you're there it's what is it 999 I keep
saying it's a lousy ten bucks it's not
even ten bucks
it's just $9.99 you're still up for bet
it's your salary it's Rob's entire
salary its ordinate or nine what is it
$99.99 for the entire year plus plus
right ask questions my answers are
guaranteed a hundred percent correct you
can ask about anything my answers will
change your life on occasion for the
better go on the daily wire.com hit the
podcast thing at the top then it says
Andrew Klavan podcasts hit that and then
it says mailbag I think it's a symbol
but it represents a mailbag you can do
this I know you can do it and then
you're just typing your questions I will
answer them all also on today's show we
have michael barone the mighty michael
barone what I like about michael barone
he writes this Almanac of American
politics he knows everything
when you meet Michael the first time I
met him he's exactly you know he's
exactly like he is on TV you say how are
things Michael well 30% of the people
say they're okay and then 40% you know
he just knows every fact and figure so
we asked him to put the war of the news
in perspective a little bit because we
know the news people aren't gonna do
that that will be in the second half of
the show meanwhile brush your teeth
right because you know I another true
story I was at the dentist last week and
the dental hygienist was cleaning my
teeth and she said there's a little
there's some darkness on one tooth but
it may just be a void and I said that
sounds very existential it's like I have
a French novel stuck in my face you know
man's search for tooth and she said turn
this way please
didn't care about my existential jokes
about my teeth but she did say she did
say you know she cleaned my teeth I said
wow that was really good that didn't
hurt at all she said you must be using
an electric toothbrush you really didn't
say this and that is true an electric
toothbrush will keep the plaque off
better and quip will do it without being
a gigantic bazooka of a thing that you
can't even carry when you take a trip
quip is this beautifully designed sleek
electric toothbrush works off battery so
you don't have to have the whole
recharging thing
it'll-it'll tape up to your mirror put
it wherever you want and you can travel
with it it is just a beautifully styled
beautifully designed piece of machinery
plus the way they work it is you can
subscribe and they will deliver new
brush heads every three months for just
$5 including free shipping anywhere in
the world which is really good because
you do have to change the heads on your
electric toothbrush quip starts at just
$25 and if you go to get quick comm
slash Clavin right now you'll get your
first refill pack free with a quip
electric toothbrush
now you're brushing your teeth and you
say to yourself dude let's que la VA
ends it's get quit calm slash Clavin how
do you spell get quit GE t qu i p.com
slash Clavin for you can get your first
toothbrush for 25 bucks and you'll get
your first refill pack free so I keep
saying that he whom Donald Trump would
destroy he first makes mad and I think
he has done this too it really is an
example of mythology of their own
mythology just like the hurricane made
me hysterical even though I was trying
to scare other people they've been
trying to scare other people about Trump
and now they have lost their minds and
actually bought into their own mythology
so yesterday this guy sam nunn burg hope
hicks called him what a highly
self-destructive individual obviously
not a well guy he was a trump hanger-on
he was a Roger stone hanger on he was
questioned by Robert Mullard for the
investigation he was subpoenaed his
mother subpoena tickle he went on just
every station basically out of his mind
saying I'm not gonna buy anything and
his Katy Tour has him on and he
oh yeah oh yeah they've got something on
Trump by the way if you want a career in
TV that's all you have to say is yes yes
there's I have something on Donald Trump
I have said and they will Michael wolf
that nothing in his book is true doesn't
matter if he has something nasty to say
about Donald Trump CNN put him right up
bring him right on here so here's Sam
Nunn Berg talking to Katie tor do you
think that they have something on the
president I think well I think that he
may have done something during the
election but I don't know that all
things that I can't explain that unless
you were in there explain the atmosphere
the way they ask questions about
anything I heard after I was fired from
the campaign to the general election to
even November 1 is insinuated to me that
he may have done something if you if you
got that sense from the special counsels
investigators why would you not want to
cooperate with them if you got a sense
that something because I'm not
interested in handing all my emails over
that I've communicated with Steve
banning with other people and with Roger
stone he's not he's not interested I'm
not interested in following up on a
subpoena you know I'm just a bores me
after Sarah's Sanders he's calling in to
all the stations so here he is his ears
his professional assessment of the
Washington White House press secretary
this is cut number nine you know what
you know what if Sarah Huckabee wanted
the ones to start the basically she's a
joke okay fine yeah she's not attractive
she's a fat slob okay fine but that's
not relevant
her curve the person she works for has a
thirty percent approval rating okay so
if she was a start attacking me she can
do that that's fun but we know it's a
joke everybody knows it's a joke that
she's working there that's what and
she's ugly so that's it you know
things I hate about feminism one of the
many many things I hate about feminism
is feminism beat by being so hysterical
and anti-male d legitimizes some of the
absolutely legitimate complaints that
women have I mean why didn't nobody the
one the Erin Burnett did say she asked
him if it's drunk which I think I think
drunk drinking would have probably
improved the guy just just play cut
number fourteen just to finish this out
earlier about what people in the White
House were saying about you yeah I don't
know whether you you were you were
drinking or on drugs or whatever they
what had happened today I'm talking to
you yeah I have smelled alcohol on your
breath well you haven't had a drink so
that's not no so I I just because it is
the talk out there again I know it's
awkward let me just get give you the
question category anything else no no no
besides my meds okay antidepressants is
that okay no I mean I'm not I'm just
trying to understand well look well look
they should say they can say whatever
they want I don't really care what once
again see I would ask why this guy is on
TV at all except we already know they
have traumatized kids on if they'll sell
gun control anybody a little tact how
bad will it go how bad would it be it's
not like CNN would travel to Thailand to
interview a Russian hooker who says
who's in jail in Thailand but says she
has dirt on Trump if they'll let a crowd
get her out it's not like they did oh
wait yes they would they actually did
that
CNN Thailand did talk about she calls
herself a sex coach I shouldn't call her
a hooker she's a sex coach which is how
what you do in Thailand that's why
people go to Thailand for coaching he's
coaching in Thailand watch this a new
tonight a self-described sex coach is
offering inside information on Russia's
election meddling the woman is currently
imprisoned in Thailand but says she's
willing to trade what she knows for
asylum in the United States our senior
international correspondent Ivan Watson
actually met with the woman he's joining
us now live from Bangkok Ivan tell us
how that went I just
this detention center where I spoke with
honest Asiya boishakh a bitch it was
loud and hot and chaotic and talking
through the bars she says that she
witnessed meetings between the Russian
billionaire
Oleg Deripaska and at least three
Americans who she refused to name she
claims they discussed plans to affect
the u.s. elections but she wouldn't give
any further information because she
fears she could be deported back to
Russia I started out to be a journalist
he's probably going home drinking vodka
you know in the right way I started out
to be a journalist now I'm doing this
try to establish you know he wants to
get sources in the Kremlin anyway
instead you know yeah go interview the
sex coach because she says she has
something on Donald Trump that's how
nuts they are sound that's their one I
have to do one more this this is you
know I was talking about the some of the
jokes the Trump made this was at a
meeting with them with donors at merrill
ago and he's at a meeting with donors
and he says about the president of china
and this is something we should talk
about we won't talk about it today but
we'll have someone on to talk about it
he says presidencies gee I guess he's
pronounced he has made himself basically
president for life because China is
essentially a dictatorship so Trump is
joking about this he says he's president
for life that's great he said look he
was able to do that I think it's great
maybe I left we'll have to give that a
shot someday and everybody laughs
because they know trumpet he said you
know makes these jokes so who would take
that who is stupid enough to take one of
trumps jokes seriously Chuck Scarborough
does when Republicans Jane are just
saying it's just a joke or when
Republicans ignore the fact that this
man is talking about being present for
life
if they think that Donald Trump is
joking even they're fools and I don't
think they're fools I know exactly what
he's saying the New York Times editorial
board runs a headline Donald Trump sure
has a problem with democracy he was
surely joking about becoming president
for life himself but there can be little
doubt that he truly sees no danger in
mr. Z's
decision to extend his own rule until
death but they keep talking about is
that Trump doesn't diss dictators and
that is because Trump has a theory and
the theory may be wrong or it may be
right but it's not that he is a dictator
or that he wants to transform American
to dictator a dictatorship he believes
in the freedom agenda of guys like
George W Bush is wrong that we shouldn't
go around starting Wars trying to impose
freedom on other people and so he
doesn't talk to these people he just
looks at them as business competitors
and he's gonna outdo them in the
business world that is the way Trump
looks at the world you can say that's
wrong you'd say it's right but it's not
because he doesn't like American
democracy or zi4 he's trying to endanger
American democracy and speaking of
danger
let us talk but I'm gonna come back to
in just a minute is your letters an
answer to the question what would it
take to for you to abandon Donald Trump
and you can compare them to the press I
want you to compare the level of your
intelligence to the level of
intelligence of the American press while
you're at it you can compare your
intelligence to that of Hollywood whose
Oscar show dropped 20% to become the
lowest rated ever but they still won't
stop because they need to tell you they
need to make you wise with their wisdom
we will compare you to them let's talk
about ring though we're talking about
danger ring is a terrific it's a series
of devices really that you can put on
your front door it has a camera when
people ring the doorbell you can look on
your phone you can see who it is even if
you're not home you can see who's at
your door they have one that turns on
spotlights
ring video doorbell is a really
effective way to stop package theft
because thieves can't hide with ring
it's just so you can see who is doing it
so they do this to me they deliver my
packages they just leave them inside the
gate people could come along and steal
them but with a ring video bail which I
now have you can see what is going on we
have do we have a video of this we have
a video of watching this but here is
somebody trying to steal a package from
a front door but is caught on the ring
device
hey put that down I just stopped someone
from stealing my yeah yeah you know I
mean if you're gonna steal things you
don't want to be on camera and so ring
guards your your house by making these
people's public is a ring floodlight cam
and a spotlight cam it will let you
build a ring of security around your
entire property save up to $150 on a
ring of security kit at ring.com slash
clayvin and you say sure sure I want to
be safe but how oh how do you smell
Clavin que la VA n ring.com slash Clavin
you can save a hundred and fifty bucks
when you go to ring comm slash Clavin on
one of these devices I have one they
work they work really well and they're
very cool because even if you're not
home you can look at your phone and see
so let's look at your answers I asked
the question after Trump made those
remarks about oh we don't need due
process to take people's guns away and
you know let's put Diane Feinstein's
restrictions possibly on semi-automatic
weapons into the law remember Diane
fencing jumping around like a girl and
now he's talking about tariffs and I'm
not listen I'm not an economist with
tariffs tariffs that's why I haven't
been talking about it in detail I do
I'm very educated in the English
language and Trump is always afraid of a
trade deficit but they call it trade
because you're trading stuff so it
doesn't really matter if there's a
deficit because people are getting stuff
on both sides of the equation but I just
wanted to know what it would take so
hear your answers were incredibly
nuanced and until I couldn't believe
these are people listening to my show
there I mean they were so smart noise
unbelievable unbelievabl intelligent
people listening to my show was the
world coming to from Justin he says so I
am off the Trump train for sure this I
guess the gun remark is the straw that
broke the elephant's back to your point
I understand that anything that comes
from Trump's mouth should be taken with
a grain of salt but that is precisely
why I know I'm no longer a fan
I don't want a weathervane president I
want a rock unpredictable is
unpredictability is great in sports and
movie
it does not belong in the Oval Office my
neck hurts from the whiplash so the very
thing I see is a kind of defense justin
sees as a problem like i say well he
says these things but he doesn't do him
he says yeah but that's not the way the
Oval Office should work and a very
intelligent point stop making
intelligent points on my show you will
ruin it from Sandra I cannot think of
one thing that would cause me to vote
for a Democrat instead of President
Trump that is because I do not have to
agree with every single policy the
president supports or implements I do
hope to agree with the majority of his
policies because the recent years in
which Democrats have been running things
in this country have been so abhorrent
to me in terms of economics social
engineering packing our country with
people who clearly mean to harm our
country with drugs as well as violence
and everything else that made me so
uncomfortable in my own country the
level of offense that president Trump
would have to commit in order to make me
vote for a Democrat is in comprehensible
as far as personal life who am I to
judge
it does not affect my life well I agree
with you there and you know I mean I I
have to assume there is some level that
Trump could go to be worse than
Democrats but you know Sandra is right I
mean what what Democrats have done and
she's talking about drugs remember Obama
ditched the DA's investigation into
Iranian drug running in our country just
so he could get his stupid deal and
endanger us with Iranian bomb so yeah
the Democrats have been that bad from
Eric the question of how far I will go
in support of Trump is defined in the
negative so he says this to the question
you should ask is how bad is the left
everything I've seen in the Trump era
confirms my worst thoughts about the
left and then some this tells me not
only that the medicine is working but
proves the virulence of the disease
apart from some criminal or fascistic
turn I'm with Trump and even then it
would be a matter of degree such is the
sad state of our union so he recognizes
that this is not a good thing but it's
the way it is Richard for me to bail on
from Richard for me to bail on President
Trump he would have to purposely commit
a crime of which from which you could
not look away as for the politics
compromise should be used just like you
said to a point I am NOT a big fan of
his Twitter use yet I enjoy him fighting
the Liberals David says I have a red
line that Trump can't cross and it's not
like Obama's red line for Assad my line
is the courts Trump
been excellent so far because these
delegated nominations to leonard leo
it's conceivable that he could reverse
himself on that too if the democrats win
control of the senate if he betrays his
commitment commitment to the federalist
society as he appears to be doing with
the nra then he's dead to me from cooper
in my opinion i what gets me about this
though is people are thinking in clear
terms about what they stand for and what
Trump stands for and I didn't get it
well I went through a lot of those
letters and I did not get one that said
Donald Trump do or die I'm not one you
know I mean sometimes I what I wonder
sometimes I get those on my blog at PJ
Media I'll get people saying you know
Trump forever
god bless president and what I wonder is
are those people actually left this who
go you know who go on pretending to be
crazy right-wing but people are thinking
about their country Cooper in my opinion
I think Trump is pacing and leading the
left much like he did with immigration
in the campaign he's working on the
other side of the aisle if he wants to
lose 2020 he can do a repeat of Bush 1.0
he made the NRA turn on him guns are not
something Trump wants to mess with that
is one of the only issues that would
dramatically affect support from his
base I don't think he would make such a
dumb mistake from Alex I'm a 23 year old
paramedic I live and grew up less than
30 minutes from the Stoneham Douglass
school shooting I have supported the
president since the day he announced I
remember exactly which emergency
department room I was in what I was
doing when he announced and when he won
I have been to the White House to see
him and heard him speak all over the
world the day President Trump takes away
the rights he swore to protect is the
day I can no longer support him the day
he turns his back on us is the day we
turn our backs on him it doesn't have to
be about guns it has to be about the
policies he can say whatever he wants
and he says lots of crazy things but you
have to take them with a grain of salt
the day he puts into action the policies
of tyranny instead of freedom true
tyranny not the leftist BS is the day
I'm done with him and that's a guy see
there's a guy who loves Trump it has
been with him from the start but he just
says you know if he if he violates what
he said he violates his policies I'm out
let's see I'll just do one more well
let's do a couple more from Chuck if
Donald Trump keeps it all on the Second
Amendment he will lose my vote from
Robert physical gun confiscation from me
or my community I would
against God himself if he came for my
gun
from John if Donald Trump follows
through with not standing up for the
Second Amendment said guns are a big
deal guns heard a lot of people wrote in
about guns
he says if from Norman I think I have my
finger on the pulse of knee-jerk Trump
supporting conservatives when I say
there are two categories rhetorical if
Trump ever stops being the anti culture
war mercenary that I hired him to be I
will not support him and the other is
policy there are a couple of policies
like the abolition issue in my in the
1800s that simply have no compromise
abortion access religious free and
religious freedom so really very nuanced
very intelligent very thoughtful answers
if you're that bright you should be
doing something else with your time
stead of listening to us but no I really
I have I'm serious I really appreciate
it and I it just to compare it to the
conversation on the press in the press I
mean to compare it to them we're sitting
around going oh thirteen Russian trolls
it's worse than Pearl Harbor I talked to
Michael Barone about that we have that
coming up we're gonna have to take a
break but first let me tell you a new
episode of the conversation is coming up
Tuesday March 13th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific none other than ben
shapiro
i have heard of him he is great so
you'll want to hear that subscribe today
to be part of this hour-long live Q&A
you can ask Ben questions about
everything you ever wanted to know it
Ben's thoughts on politics culture comic
books the list is endless Ben's
conversation will stream live on the Ben
Shapiro Facebook page and the daily wire
YouTube channel and it'll be free for
everyone to watch but only subscribers
can ask the questions to ask questions
as a subscriber log in to our website
daily wire.com and head over to the
conversation page to watch the live
stream after that just start typing into
the daily wire chat box where Ben will
answer questions as they are posted once
again subscribe to get your questions
answered by ben shapiro on tuesday march
13th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific and join the conversation
michael barone is coming up got to say
good bye to Facebook and YouTube come on
over to the daily wire.com you can
listen to the rest and while you're
there subscribe for the mailbag tomorrow
and the conversation next Tuesday
all right michael barone is an historian
journalist political analyst he's the
principal author of the Almanac of
American politics if you have never seen
this like every political fact on earth
is in this book and they're all in his
head I mean he I swear he must memorize
this thing you can watch or read
Barone's special weekly feature of
Michael burrows guide to government
which is intended to provide brief
simple educational and enjoyable lessons
for high school and college students at
www.ge.com he puts things in perspective
here is our interview Michael thank you
for coming on I always I always love
talking to you because you actually know
stuff you don't just go off the feelings
of things or actually know things and so
I want to check something with you
you wrote a a column in which you were
reacting to an onion headline 90% of
Americans strongly opposed to each other
and recently Marco Rubio sent out a
tweet after the Parkland shootings and
he said the debate after Parkland
reminds us that we the people don't
really like each other very much true or
false I think there's a lot of truth to
it it's you see that more when you've
got people talking about politics which
is always at least partly an adversary
process you know a buddy laments that we
don't sit down and say come by it
together but the fact is that you have
elections one side wins one side loses
elections even decided by a small mark
and in 2016 case unexpected margin can
have big policy consequences that mean a
lot to a lot of people so aside from the
fact that everybody who disagrees with
me is scum so a problem but yeah we're
in an adversarial position but I just
was rereading portions of the historian
Kenneth stamps book America in 1857 and
if you think we had divisiveness now you
go back and read about 1857 which
followed four years later like something
called the civil war but well that is
that is one of the things that I feel is
going on is a lot of hyperbole you
mentioned this in your in your column
that this this Russia spying the the
indict these troll Russian trolls and
people are actually on TV saying this is
the worst attack on America since Pearl
Harbor and and I've heard actual
commentators say that this is the most
effective time since the Civil War
it is her hyperbole right well it is
hyperbole I mean you know Russian
influence an election that lots of
foreign powers have tried to influence
American elections and if you go back to
the election of 1940 for example you had
British agents in the United States
trying to affect the election game that
get the reelection for Franklin
Roosevelt you had the Communist Party in
the United States totally subservient to
to to stop Joseph Stalin opposing
Franklin Roosevelt this was the period
of the Hitler Stalin pact remember and
progressives were supposed to think that
it was okay to be alive with Hitler and
you shouldn't aid Britain against Hitler
Roosevelt actually made a speech during
the campaign where he said I I know what
it's like to be opposed by the
extremists of both the right thinking of
the German American Bund and of the left
the Communist Party so I think that was
a little more malign and had since they
were speaking to a large number of
Americans who did not want to enter
World War two a lot more influential
than anything we've seen lately where
you know they're spending $600 on
Facebook ads and in Wisconsin and we're
only half of them after the election
which turned out to be not the optimal
timing phase the political consultant I
could tell you that we got he thought up
here it did seem a little bit like the
gang that
it couldn't shoot straight you talk
about the mid-century moment and this is
one thing that I feel a lot of people
feel that we that we had something here
we had a kind of consensus where we were
fighting as Barack Obama once said we
were fighting over the 50-yard line
basically and we feel that that's gone
is that feeling is that feeling
justified has something collapsed well I
think something collapsed that was not
capable of being sustained indefinitely
I mean the fact is you you know those of
us who were children in that mid-century
moment I think if we were at all
attentive to politics and public affairs
and naturally I was you know preparing
to appear on Fox News and the glog and
you know there was a sort of consensus
about foreign policy the Cold War
foreign policy and bipartisan support
Truman Eisenhower at set of Kennedy etc
and you hid I'm the domestic side a sort
of thinking that well we're divided on
economics between the unions and the
management of big companies this was
especially true in Michigan where I was
growing up but that's after all just
about dollars and cents you can cut
compromises you can split the difference
you have negotiations and those are just
numbers and you know if the numbers are
not perfect from your point of view
they're also not dreadful that was and
it was a period where we had confidence
in our leaders why do we have a
conference on news well we just won a
world war and we just went in post-war
prosperity boom when everybody thought
we were gonna go back to the Great
Depression
almost everybody so boy they really seem
to have performed well yeah and I think
we sometimes have the impression that
all of American history was a time when
everybody had confidence in the
leadership and the institution's I think
that on the contrary I think that coke
mid-century moments in 1945 to 65 David
when you will was an unusual period
American history after great
achievements that have been won by
institutions big government big business
big labor with participation of millions
and millions of citizens in one ship way
shape or form or another and
participation for where which they were
rewarded with things like the GI Bill of
Rights and honored for their
participation in it in a common effort
you know we had 16 million men few women
in the military in a country that
standard the war was a hundred and
thirty 1 million people that's huge
mobilization it's a huge putting country
uniform if you will and that provided a
kind of consensus we also had a kind of
consensus about about religion at that
time and about moral views well you know
what was there a debate about abortion
no abortion was a crime was there a
debate about gay rights no game
homosexual behavior was a crime was
there a debate about guns way you have
Gallup poll and I believe the late 1950s
said that a majority of Americans were
for banning handguns possession
altogether my privates it wasn't a
lively time for the Second Amendment we
were trusting our leaders in our
uniformed armed forces into law
enforcement to do that and those were
attitudes that were unlikely to be
sustained go back to I was reading a
book called America in 1957 the
historian Kenneth stampp that wasn't a
consensus country at all that was a
country about to go into a civil war
over the issue of whether or not slavery
should be extended or abolished and that
was a period when people didn't have
trust in all the institutions and I
think looking over other parts of
history go back and read the rhetoric
between forces back in China Adams and
Thomas Jefferson in the election you
know I but but you know you said I mean
I remember the 70s is a terribly
depressed terribly somebody was called
the 70s the decade when the West tried
to commit suicide and and you have said
well with bell-bottom pants and disco
maybe maybe that's what why they tried
to commit suicide you you called it the
a slum of a decade but you also say that
it's kind of haunting us why are the 70s
why didn't we just leave that behind why
are the 70s the hauntings well it's
interesting you know the formative
career in business and also sort of
commentary and public affairs of Donald
Trump came in the 1970s his father had
made a lot of money building housing for
people in the outer boroughs in New York
and Brooklyn and Queens felt from
political connections and so forth
decade of the 1970s in New York City
lost eight hundred and twenty five
thousand people population decline
that's pretty astonishing number
basically white ethnics were leaving New
York City for the suburbs for Florida
for place you know farther out low-tax
New Jersey and low tax Connecticut as
they then were and Donald Trump said
well there's no money but I'm not going
to be great money building housing for
people when you got eight hundred twenty
five thousand eight hundred twenty three
thousand people leaving but with land
prices in Manhattan that rock bottom and
the political connections I got through
my dad I'm gonna move into Manhattan by
Oh and pay with other people's money and
that was his strategy and it proved to
be a successful one for Democratic Party
well we're you know Nancy Pelosi was
elected roots and the Democratic leaders
go back to the 70s or even before I mean
Nancy Pelosi was elected to the Northern
California Democratic chairman in 1977
Dianne Feinstein the senior senator from
your wonderful state of California was
elect Sam Francisco Board of Supervisors
which was then an island of something
like sanity back in 1970 became their
murder of a predecessor in 1978 you had
people like Chuck Schumer elected to the
New York Assembly in 1974 a few months
after he graduated from Harvard Law
School no problem with the private
sector career in between
and and so forth so that's no you know
Hillary Clinton is active Bill Clinton
in the chairing the McGovern campaign
operation in Texas in 1972 these folks
go back a long ways and I think one of
the reasons why a lot of Democrats have
just sort of assumed that they're gonna
get rid of Donald Trump they're gonna
impeach him they're gonna get him out of
office by the 25th and then well that's
something like had happened in the 1970s
when they were young and frisky and
Richard Nixon was thrown out of office
and you know they figure that's what
happens when you got a Republican
president he don't like speaking and
speaking of Trump now a lot of people
look at Trump and they see an earthquake
but you actually say that he he he
pulled off a basically a slate of hand
with the electoral votes he basically
dumped one group of of white voters and
picked up another group of white voters
do you explain that a little well I'd
call it the Trump trade he said
basically okay I will trade you I will
give up two to three million white
college graduates
Mitt Romney pretty regularly voted for
Republicans going back into the 1990s in
this period of polarized partisan parody
I'll give those up in return I want I
want to grab three to four million white
non college voters and what happens how
many quarters how many electoral votes
does he lose by losing those white
college voters well you you know he does
worse in California than other Democrats
a little worse in Arizona worse in Texas
a little worse in Georgia doesn't change
any electoral votes the white college
what happens to them well they enable
him to carry what would his place is
that Mitt Romney didn't carry and to
carry Florida Pennsylvania Ohio Michigan
Wisconsin Iowa in the second
congressional district of me 100
electoral votes bingo I spoke to a who
appear in Washington this morning and I
said okay I'm gonna call you how many
think this was a brilliant we thought
out strategy and so forth and how many
of you think it was dumb Blind Luck and
three or four people raised their hand
I'm Hylian strategy a large number
raised their hand somewhat hesitant ly a
dumb blind luck and then I added and how
many think that it had something to do
with the deficiencies of Hillary Clinton
an about the same number race so that's
what happened it surprised everybody
some people less than than others Natan
silver of the five thirty eight.com
website said there was a twenty nine
percent chance that Trump would win well
twenty nine percent chances happened
twenty nine times out of the hundred and
this was one of them and the you know
the New York Times analyst upshot
analyst Nate cone wrote an article back
in June he said actually there's more
white non college voters out there than
the exit polls suggest that conducting
the exit will concede that effect that
is true he said and there's the pathway
for Trump to go forward if he can pick
up these voters in a variety of states
particularly in the Midwest which of
course accounted for seventy of his
hundred of his 100 extra electoral votes
as compared to Mitt Romney so you know
then there were some reason to think
that that was possible obviously you
know there were a lot of disappointed
people in the Javits Center somewhere
between nine and not just Javits Center
all over the country or at least on the
East Coast in Chicago coastal County
Orange and San point so looking forward
then well let's go just to two last
things because I'm running out of time
unfortunately the the midterms when
you're looking ahead at the midterms I
keep hearing about this blue wave and
yet I also see little signs that maybe
not not so much what do you think well I
think this is the race you know the
House of Representatives the Democrats
need a net gain of 24 seats in order to
get a majority and making an
Pelosi speaker they you know the results
in special elections Democrats have done
pretty well yeah
they have Republicans have not succeeded
in getting the measure of support from
non college whites that that the
Republicans have now offsetting that
special elections are low stakes things
where people often will cast a protest
vote knowing that they're not gonna
change who's in control they're just
teaching one seat so they're not perfect
indicators of what's to come
you have democratic advantages in the
generic vote question that's gone that
that diminished in mid-february has
widened a little bit now we're still not
out of range for the Republicans to
prevail because in equal population
districts the Democratic Party has a
disadvantage because it's its supporters
tend to be demographically clustered in
Central City sympathetic suburbs
university towns they give 70 80 % there
which means those loans aren't available
to win in districts where Republicans
have been gained 55 to 60 per second so
they have a disadvantage there I think
that the you know we you haven't also
seen the think lay out a lot of
Democrats are enthusiastically running
for office supporting candidates a lot
of them want impeachment of the
president Nancy Pelosi who's been around
as I said for rather a long time says no
no we shouldn't be talking about that
you know she's I think operating on the
assumption there's some quantum of
voters that like like to rebuke the
Republicans reduced Donald Trump's power
give the Democrats the majority they
don't want to go through another futile
impeachment exercise like 1988 99 so
there's a variety of things going there
the other thing is that Trump's job
performance rating which is about 41
percent job approval at this point boy
by historic trends that's not enough to
give his party a majority and off your
elections
but when you look at his favorable
unfavorable ratings they're actually
less unfavorable now than in November
2016 and I'll remind viewers of what
happened in November to my absences and
even select president maybe the old
rules don't apply to this somewhat
unusual president thing I have to stop
their amount of time but then michael
barone thank you very much for coming on
I appreciate it always fascinating ok
greatly with you thank you always a
little different to talk to somebody who
actually knows facts you know Justin
isn't just spewing his opinions but
really interested about the 70s I
thought was really interesting that
we're stuck with this decade when the
West almost killed itself before Ronald
Reagan came and Margaret Thatcher and
the Pope and kind of brought us back
sexual follies
so we're running out of time but and
this is kind of a serious topic but
there is something I want to say about
the the gun debate one of the ideas that
keeps popping up under all the hysteria
about guns and the fight of the NRA and
all this nonsense that really has
nothing to do with what happened is how
many of these shooters are fatherless
kids a lot of them are fatherless kids
and it's not obviously just mass
shooters but Peter Hassan of campus
reform we had one of their spokes ladies
on but he wrote an article a few years
back where he says you know there's a
direct correlation between fatherless
children and teens Islands fatherless
children are more than twice as likely
to commit suicide dropping out of school
71% of high school dropouts came from a
fatherless background according to the
US Department of Health and Human
Services fatherless children are to
dramatically greater risk of drug and
alcohol use two of the strongest
correlations with gun homicides are
growing up in a fatherless household and
dropping out of school which itself is
directly related to the lack of an
active and present father and you know
I've been in prisons because from my
novels all sometimes of a prison scene a
vow each time I do it I vowed never to
do it again because going to prison even
visiting it for research is one of the
most depressing experiences you will
ever have in your entire life when the
door closes behind you you think the
first time I went into a prison I turn
to the guard and I said remind me never
to commit a crime you know cuz it's like
you do not want to go to prison but when
you go through you know what you see I
mean maybe if you were a left is what
you would see is oh this person is dark
skinned or something like that what I
saw each each cell every single self
father was fatherless follows one of the
things we don't talk about about a
fatherless household and and this is
another reason I dislike feminism so
much is that one of the things a father
does not only does he serve as a
probably a stronger disciplinarian than
the mother not in every household but
many household also serves as a role
model of how to be a faithful husband
how to deal with women who were
tremendous pain in the neck as you know
and how to deal with them without you
know violence or cruelty how to deal
with respect for their mothers how to
walk like a man in the world and that
those are all things that boys weren't
directly from their father but the other
thing we don't talk about is that having
a father in the home allows a mother to
be a mother I mean when people pay
tribute to their
single mothers because they did a good
job they always say well she was a
mother and a father to me she fulfilled
both the mother and the father role but
that is not optimal what you want is a
mother who can be feminine who can pay
more attention to the home and this is
one of the things I hate so much
about feminism is that it despises
femininity you know when when people say
well there's no difference between a man
and a woman which is just a patent why
conservatives get so upset and they say
well here's the science and the science
says this but what they never say is why
would you even want that to be true
femininity is a good masculinity is a
good obviously like everything in life
there are bad sides to femininity and
obviously there are bad sides to
masculinity but these are good things
positive godly gifts that each of us is
assigned to embody in our gender you
know and that that there yes are there
men with lots of feminine traits sure
are there women with masculine traits
sure but we're talking about
generalities here in generalities women
are much better at being women than they
are at being men and men are much better
at being men than they are at being
women and that's a good thing and so
when you have a father in the home what
you have is a mother and I think like
nobody ever looks at this is how much of
a correlation there is with women who
aren't home who don't pay attention to
their kids who aren't a constant
presence and that I think there is
something little children need they need
moms they need moms that's not a stigma
that's not a habit that's not an opinion
it's the truth it is simply the way
people were built I mean you know all
these people who are so scientifically
believed in evolution
what do you think we were evolved what
do you think we were evolved to do to
recreate and survive and how do we do
that we have mothers taking care of
little children and we have fathers
taking care of mothers so that mothers
can take care of little children that is
the way the system works and so one of
the worst things about fatherless homes
is that it deprives the woman of a
chance to do what women most women so
love doing which is building a home and
taking care of children and the
feminists who despise femininity because
it doesn't necessarily get the big jobs
femininity maybe doesn't lead you to be
as driven in the workplace you know they
keep touting these strong strong women I
want strongly if I wanted to marry
strong
I would have married Arnold
Schwarzenegger that's not what I needed
in my life that's not what I needed to
make me a better person that's not what
I meant needed to make my home a good
home for children to live in I needed
someone who was a little less strong I
needed somebody who was a little more
emotional a little more attached to
people less attached to things a little
less attached to work more attached to
relationships those are the things that
make a home and that what the Catholics
call complementarity the fact that went
men and women go together and form a
whole is something that the feminists
oppose tooth and nail because all they
think about is materialism because
they're Marxist they think about money
and success and all the things that
women have traditionally said not as
important as what I'm doing and all
those women those traditional women were
absolutely right all right tomorrow is
the mail bag guy hit the pot hit the
daily wire.com subscribe hit the podcast
button go to the Andrew Klavan podcast
and hit the mailbag ask your questions
answers guaranteed 100% correct will
change your life maybe for the better
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see you tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina
hair and makeup is by Jesuit vera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Clavin show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
