tell us a little bit more about your
movie what's what's next for that what
made you decide to do the project and
where where and when can we see it right
so farm lands hopefully we'll be out
within the next month I'm hesitant to
give people a specific date because
there's so much preparation that has to
go into it films always take about 6
months longer than anybody says they
will and an extra $200,000 or something
right
precisely but luckily on my channel if
you just look up on YouTube lauren
southern you can find a ton of little
miniseries you watched a bit at the
beginning interviewing farmers
themselves interviewing politicians
interviewing individuals who have been
struck by the drought by murder by all
these different crises just to actually
bring it to you and to see we hear a lot
of statistics and of course there's that
famous Joseph Stalin quote that is just
horrific where he says one person's
death is a tragedy a million is simply a
Cystic and for a lot of people all
they've seen is these statistics of farm
murders all they've seen is the numbers
that this is happening at a horrific
rate but they haven't actually gotten to
meet the people and realize these are
humans just like me and you that are
suffering through this crisis right now
and that's kind of what I hope to do
with farmlands it I hope to humanize the
Afrikaner people and show that they're
not just these statistics they're not
these colonizer monsters as some people
like to portray them they just happen to
be born on this land
after their family had been there
hundreds of years but also to record
what is going on in South Africa because
lord knows if things get worse there the
media is not going to tell the truth and
I want there to be at least some record
of what happened in South Africa so we
can learn from kind of the mistakes
which hopefully we can fix things but if
not I want to be out there you would
think we would have learned from
Zimbabwe but if South Africa destroys
itself as it looks like it is doing then
at least there will be a record and
maybe we'll be able to stop the next
country
