well Hollywood's most glorious night is
over I'm talking of course about that
night when I sit by the fire drinking
whiskey and reading 12th century
Arthurian romances while Michael Knowles
is forced to watch whatever unseemly
crap is on TV last night of course was
extra-special because while I was
studying a medieval legend in which the
nightly dedications of the protection of
femininity conferred tremendous power on
Queens wives and maidens Knowles was
stuck watching a bunch of molesters
pretend to celebrate the women who kept
silent when they were molested so they
could get to the Oscars and be
celebrated by the men who molested them
and are now pretending to celebrate them
what an evening it was who could forget
Jimmy Kimmel abandoning comedy
completely to make this touching speech
about the plight of women in Hollywood
any woman who wanted to could get on our
trampoline and give it a bounce we had a
lot of girls show up we had about 10
times as many guys show up but this is
how it turned out well you guys excited
about seeing a few girls jump on
trampolines on our trampoline
well whoever you stand in your way then
right this way serve us up a nice
steaming plate of panty
oh wait sorry that was from the man show
where they gave the award from two big
breasted women
the award was called the juggies that
was before Jimmy Kimmel had his penis
removed to keep his career going as a
weepy old woman but the real question is
this this Hollywood reflect the future
of the culture or is it just a moribund
increasingly irrelevant backwater of
self congratulatory virtue signaling
catering to a dwindling elite who are no
longer respected or listened to in a
meaningless circle of self
congratulatory virtue signaling catering
to a dwindling elite let's find out
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clemens
hey right listen we got a lot of letters
from you an answer to my question on
Thursday I guess it was when I asked
what it would take for you to dump Trump
we will we couldn't get them until this
morning for technical reasons so I will
deal with them tomorrow if there's not
some crashing lis huge news incident we
have to cover meanwhile let us talk
about Skillshare because you want to do
new things in your job or as a hobby and
Skillshare is a on an online learning
platform with over 18,000 classes and
things like design business technology
and more you can take classes in
whatever you want social media marketing
illustration mobile photography anything
you want they've got it and whether
you're trying to deepen your
professional skill sets start a side
hustle or just explore a new passion
skill sure is there to keep you learning
and thriving I've used them I did the
ones as a test on writing and they were
excellent there were things I wish I had
known when I was starting out I did one
on podcasting so we get another Kingdom
going with Michael Knowles it's the
first lesson was do not hire Michael
Knowles and I ignored that one and just
went on to some of the better advice
there really it's really fun it's not
expensive and once you pay for it you
can get all the classes you don't stop
in the middle it's not like in-app buy a
new class you get the whole thing and
you can just join millions of students
who have already used Skillshare and you
can get a special offer from me with two
months of skill sure for just 99 cents
which is not a lot of money it's even
less than a dollar for just 99 cents he
had two months two months of unlimited
access to all the 18,000 classes you
sign up go to Skillshare dot-com /
Andrew Skillshare dot-com / Andrew to
start your two months now for just 99
cents Skillshare dot-com / Andrew learn
something new come on get out there so
we're gonna be talking about the culture
today and through the Oscars a little
bit but also through some other stuff
and one of the things I would really
appreciate it if you're in
in high culture I have a piece on
Shakespeare and race that is up on City
Journal so just type in City Google City
Journal and it's right now it's the top
piece in there well but you can find it
that's called a nation of Iago's and it
is about what Shakespeare had to say
about race and it actually applies to
some of the things that happened at the
Oscars I'm gonna be talking about that
Noel's will come on in a little while
and he'll talk about actually watching
the show because Barrett I actually
tried and I kept turning it on for like
a few seconds a few minutes I think like
this is unbearable but I will let Noel's
who I forced to watch it you know do
that the the end results though were
interesting and I will give you two of
them that I found particularly
interesting one is the shape of water
which I just thought the shape of water
is the perfect expression of Hollywood
today I mean I've talked a lot about how
when a an art form becomes moribund when
it starts to get old everything that
human beings create takes the shape of
human life it has its youth it has its
middle age it has its old age as a an
art form moves from its middle age into
old age it starts divided into elite
forms that are just for a small number
of intellectuals who think they're
wonderful and popular forms that either
don't have a lot of quality to them but
appeal to the masses or do have quality
but are not recognized things like
Sherlock Holmes and you know Tarzan
things that are actually really
wonderful but critics which would sniff
at them at the time and then only later
do you realize how much quality they had
but this is where Hollywood is now at
and because they now pride themselves on
their elite product they despise the
people they love the elites and they're
only playing to the elite the shape of
water is a perfect example about of this
the director won an Oscar won the Oscar
for Best Picture anyone for Best
Director I think as well and he stands
up and he says I'm an immigrant well you
know you're did you come here illegally
did you creep over a fence nobody cares
if you're an immigrant this is a country
full of immigrants we welcome immigrants
that's a virtue signalling nonsense it's
only people who break the law that we
have a problem with that's the only
thing anybody is discussing is is that
and then he says in the arts you know we
erase lines when other ones want to draw
them also a lie
all they do is move the
to where they want them to go the shape
of water is a beautiful it's beautiful
but empty like the movie industry it is
a Bert it's virtuous virtue signaling by
attacking white men for something that
happened hasn't happened in the
nineteenth since the 1960s like the
movie industry and it sleeps with the
fishes like the movie you can district
it's finished it's just an empty thing
and then when you look at the villain in
the piece played by the excellent
excellent Michael Shannon he's just a
cartoon he's a cartoon of a white male
you know hating blacks and everything
it's just the total intersectional movie
all the good people are black and Daffy
and handicapped gay and it's like the
bad guy let's just take a quick look at
you know the line that is drawn here and
then he goes to the bathroom right in
front of them and talks and he just
demeans them constantly and it you know
it's like they just all they want to do
is they want the lines to be drawn where
they want them to be not where the
people want them to be but the more
important picture I think that one best
screenplay was get out and get out is a
Twilight Zone episode it's not a big
movie it's not an oscar-worthy movie it
could have been done in half an hour but
it is an interesting statement about one
of the most important subjects in all
the west but certainly in America which
is assimilation this is kind of what one
of the things that my Shakespeare piece
of city journal a nation of Iago's is
about I talked about how a fellow the
moor is basically probably was a Muslim
who converted to Christianity is now
fighting Muslims and when he kills
himself at the end of the tragedy he
says I he remembers how he killed a
Muslim and he says and I smote him thus
and he stabs himself in other words
stabbing the evil dark-skinned Muslim
within himself because he is not managed
to successfully assimilate this is the
thing that get out is about and here's
what I want to point out this is one of
the great subjects of American
literature and American moviemaking
assimilation it has been with
us for a long long time there is
something shocking and violent about
becoming an American and leaving behind
or or making some kind of accommodation
with your original culture whether it's
Irish whether it's Italian whether it's
Jewish whether it's black whatever it is
there is something violently
disassociated associative about becoming
an American we think it's a good thing
we all think it's a positive thing this
assimilation and that's why you had
let's look at what I considered to be
the last actually great American movie
which is The Godfather
let's look at this famous scene remember
Michael is the son and the Godfather who
wants to get out he wants to become an
American he marries the blonde Diane
Keaton he's gonna be you know he's not
gonna enter the family business which is
crime but he gets sucked in just as they
try to get that you try to get out they
suck you back in and at the end Marlon
Brando The Godfather has this very
touching exchange with them I wanted
this for you there for dancing and
stranger Biola's big shots
the winner was your time that the Jew
would be the one though all the strings
senator Corleone governor Corleone so
another person event this was enough
time Michael was enough time forget that
Bob look at them it's a very it's a
classic scene and the scene is that
Michael onced
wanted to be an American but that leap
into assimilation failed just like in a
fellow it failed he didn't make it he
goes back into the old culture the
criminal Sicilian culture from which his
father was basically trying to escape
the idea was what yes will be criminals
but then we're getting gained wealth
then you'll gain position then you'll
leave behind this criminal life and
you'll become a senator or a governor
you'll decide you know something like
that he says we'll get there pop we'll
get there but the point is the good
thing the thing the difficult but good
thing is the assimilation in get out
it's exactly the opposite the story of
get out is a black guy who is basically
assimilated as a American he's about to
marry a very beautiful white girl and
yet he finds out that this assimilation
comes at a terrible cost the cost of his
inner-self
which is his black identity here's the
scene where one of the people who has
assimilated in effect in the horror
world in the horror language of the film
this tells him that he's now been erased
essentially and he warns him to get out
I've just had no interest the chores
have become my sanctuary
you know
sorry man
now the reason the film is a good film
even though it is a tiny little film the
reason it's a good film is something
legitimate about this fear for black
people that wouldn't be legitimate for
Jews Italians Irish though the rest of
them were all the other people who come
and assimilate it came of their own free
will the blacks have this slave heritage
and this heritage of Jim Crow that has
created a great deal of bitterness I
talked about this in the Shakespeare
article I don't think they should
languish in that bitterness but still
still it is a legitimate vision of
something that is happening in black
people's minds that they feel that they
are being when they assimilate even when
they are allowed in now that the bars
have been taken away now that the doors
have been open they feel that they're
leaving something behind that is of
essential value and essential identity
to themselves however however a
mainstream culture that accepts that
hates itself right because if the
mainstream culture doesn't say yes it's
tough for all of us to assimilate maybe
it's even tougher for you as a black
person who was brought here in Chains
whose ancestors were brought here in
Chains
maybe it's tougher for you to assimilate
but it's worth it because America is a
great country but instead the leftist
said the culture of the left has said is
your right
we suck it we stink you know you don't
want to come here get out get out do not
assimilate stay in your black culture
which you know actually as a black
culture is not that healthy I mean the
overall culture is far more healthy than
the black culture specifically so we
have a movie industry that hates itself
and because they because they're actors
and Hollywood people they'll never
actually hate themselves they hate you
as the image of themselves and that is
what's happening to the movie industry
that's why we're all so alienated from
it so the question is who's winning
who's winning is the idea of yes we
welcome you we get it you know we
mistreated black people in this country
now we've stopped come on in assimilate
become part of this country if you're
gonna immigrate immigrate according to
our laws come in become part of this
country add your your wealth to our
country great or is it going to be we
hate you we're gonna live in shame you
get to be bitter you get to insult us
you get to hate white men forever which
is going to win we're gonna talk about
that in a minute as soon as we fix the
problem that you look awful why because
you're not wearing an indogene no suit
you're wearing one of those suits you
know you go into I don't I don't want to
name the stores you know the crummiest
you go into when you pull something off
the rack and you put it in and you said
yeah that looks okay and then you walk
out I mean look if you were smarter than
that you'd be listening to something
else but with Indo Chino
you can get a made-to-measure suit that
you can afford that's the thing because
made-to-measure looks great but it's
frequently expensive Indo Chino is the
world's largest made-to-measure menswear
company and has been featured in all the
major publications including GQ Forbes
and Fast Company what they do I did this
say they have in certain places certain
cities they have places where you can go
and be measured and they will take all
your measurements or you can do it
online take your measurements at home
and send them in and then they have your
measurements online and then you can
start to custom build the suit and this
shirt that you want you know I did this
I got a shirt it is absolutely beautiful
it fits like a glove it really does and
it just looks different than wearing off
the rack stuff so you can pick you know
a pocket on your shirt or no pocket and
pick those white collars that I kind of
like but they're I don't know if they're
still in style but I've always liked
those white collars or just regular
College all kinds of different things
you construct the suit they give making
sure the suit fits like a glove this is
a showroom or shop online at Indo Chino
comm you pick your fabric you choose
your customizations submit your
measurements wait for your custom suit
to arrive in just a few weeks and this
week my listeners can get any premium
Indo Chino suit for just three hundred
and seventy nine dollars at Indo Chino
comm when entering clayvin at checkout
that's 50% off the regular price for a
made-to-measure premium suit if only if
only you knew how to spell Clavin it's
que la vie a n the shipping is free it's
half the cost Indo Chino comm promo code
Clavin for any premium suit for just
three hundred and seventy nine dollars
and free shipping endowed Chino com do
not continue another day looking like
you do at this moment but I guess was
Friday there were two columns in two
different papers that spoke directly
into the way the different cultures work
in America left and right left culture
and right culture amazing amazing
contrast the first do we have
knucklehead row I forgot to set that up
maybe we can still have it because the
first is on in at the New York Times a
former newspaper which has now become
the Pravda
the left and it sounds hey it sounds
kind of like a mixture of Pravda
and a 12 an 8 year old girl's birthday
party after a mouse gets in it's just
all these people screaming about how
terrible Trump is but their op-ed page
which I call knucklehead Row is filled
with the latest
you know there's I think they have
turned the kool-aid into an atmosphere
there you don't have to drink the
kool-aid anymore you just breathe it in
Bret Stevens you know Ross do thought
they used to be good thinkers now
suddenly they're just mouthing this
incredible garbage but this is not one
of them this is the set one of the
central knuckle heads of knuckle head
row let's take a trip over to a knuckle
head row
so here is David Brooks how progressives
win the culture war okay
he says progressives could be on the
verge of D legitimizing their foes on
guns but also much else rendering them
untouchable for anybody who wants to
stay in polite society that would
produce social changes far vaster than
vaster than limiting assault rifles two
things says Brooks have fundamentally
changed the landscape first over the
past two years conservatives have self
marginalized in supporting Donald Trump
they have tied themselves to a man whose
racial prejudices sexual behavior and
personal morality put him behind beyond
the pale of decent society what while
becoming the movement of Dinesh D'Souza
Sean Hannity and Franklin Graham they
have essentially expelled the leaders
and thinkers who have purchased in main
stream culture second progressives are
getting better and more aggressive at
silencing dissenting behavior all sorts
of formerly legitimate opinions have now
been deemed beyond the pale on an elite
campuses speakers have been disinvited
and careers destroyed the boundaries are
being redrawn across society as Andrew
Sullivan noted recently workplace codes
today read like campus speech codes of a
few years ago David Brooks goes on there
are a number of formerly popular ideas
that can now end your career the belief
that men and women have inherent
psychological differences the belief
that marriage is between a man and a
woman opposition to affirmative action
what's happening today is that certain
ideas about gun rights and maybe gun
ownership itself are being cast in the
realm of morally illegitimate and
socially unacceptable now let me let me
just pick this apart a little bit first
of all I want you to notice where he
thinks the battlefield of the cultural
war is polite society right they you're
out beyond the pale you can view
deplorable zyou beyond the pale of
decent society elite universities the
decent the polite the elite these this
is where David Brooks of the New York
Times thinks the culture wars are being
fought in other words he thinks if he
don't believe it
it don't matter
right and what he doesn't understand is
the entire question of what is decent
what is polite and what is elite are
under question that's the culture war
we're fighting we suddenly have realized
that you the elite are not very elite
except in their imaginations we've
suddenly realized their politeness is
actually oppression and we've suddenly
realized that their decency is a
complete fraud as we saw with Barack
Obama silencing opinions with the IRS
and investigating his opposition with
the Justice Department you know we
finally found that their decency is a
charade it's a complete charade as I say
about drawing the lines when guillermo
del toro says we don't believe in
drawing the lines that's a lie they're
just drawing the line in a different
place to exclude you and that's the
second thing the second thing is notice
how they achieve their going to achieve
their cultural victory it's by shutting
you up by brute force that's how it's
going to be done they're gonna fire you
they're gonna hunt you down we're seeing
this on YouTube as they demonetised
conservative opinion who was it they it
was at Facebook the other day that they
knocked down the Babylon be because that
Babylon V is a very funny Christian
satirical site is it's it's really as
funny as the onion at its best and they
knocked it down what did they say that
CNN is putting their news in the spin
cycle or something like this and they
said that's not true
Snopes as fact you know Snopes this
liberal left-wing hit job of a fact
checkers fact check this satire and
found it wasn't true it's nuts but they
have to shut you up because they can't
win an argument that's the whole point
now so that's that is how they're going
to win he thinks they're going to win by
shutting you up shutting you down taking
your career away if you say for instance
that women and men have inherent
psychological differences which is true
so if you speak the truth they're going
to end your career and that's how
they're gonna win the culture war
according to David Brooks okay in their
elite universities and their polite
society in their decent Society now here
at the over across the aisle at The Wall
Street Journal or as we call the
grown-ups table at this on the same day
there is a an op-ed called a Hillary
staffer goes to CPAC by an avi watt head
she starts this out by describing her
liberal
and talking to her as she heads off the
CPAC where the base of the conservative
bases
and she says what do they say to her be
safe call keep calling us if you get
murdered don't get murdered she's going
off to CPAC where of course we murder
liberals you know this is what they do
they eat them too I think she says to be
sure I'm a tiny talkative South Asian
woman who spent four months on Hillary
Clinton's 2016 campaign staff I wasn't
exactly in my element surrounded by
people in make America great again hats
chanting lock her up lock her up but
there was more to CPAC than that in four
days I spoke with more than a hundred
conservatives most of whom greeted me
with open arms and thanked me for being
there and having an open mind they
happily engaged me in meaningful
political conversation and invited me
for drinks and after parties in
retrospect I'm embarrassed at how
nervous I was when I arrived I found
myself singing along - god bless the USA
with a hilariously rowdy group of
college Republicans having nuanced
discussions about gun control and
education policy with people from all
walks of life nodding my head in
agreement with parts of ben shapiro
speech so she really went off the deep
end and coming away with a greater
determination to burst ideological media
bubbles among liberals conservatives
have a reputation for being
closed-minded even deplorable but in the
Washington Republicans I encountered at
CPAC I found a group of people who
acknowledge their party's shortcomings
genuinely wondered why I left my
corporate job to join mrs. Clinton's
campaign and listen to my arguments
before defending their own positions so
those are the two sides how look it's
not just what the culture war is it's
how the culture wars being fought and by
the way this is in keeping with my
experience when I deal with leftist they
shout names at me they want to shut me
down they think they're gonna get me
fired they think they're gonna make me
run away because they call me racist all
that their Grimm they're angry they're
like really unhappy like the Oscars like
the Oscars there's I mean who who did
this stuff they're yelling about it the
Oscars they did who molested the women
they did hooray kept black people out of
positions of power in Hollywood not me
they did you know so they're really when
they're you they're yelling it
themselves you haven't done anything but
they're still yelling at you because
they can't bear the fact that of what
they see when they look in the mirror
when I deal with conservatives we have a
wide wide range of differences I mean we
obviously we argue about gays we argue
about religion we we let Knowles in here
and he's a Catholic for crying out loud
hey you know how are you how how big a
tent do you expect us to pitch but you
know I mean obviously we have devout
Christians we have a devout Jew we have
all these different points of view that
fall within this big tent of
conservatism and we're desperate to
argue with left-wingers they won't come
on the show they we've we asked him all
the time right they will not come on the
show because they don't want to be
embarrassed now you don't want to be
tainted by being seen with somebody as
evil as myself which okay my wife's like
that too but I mean you know in in
general you know who is shouting people
down who is silencing people so my
question is this which is a more stable
form of advanced to force people to shut
people up to force them not to speak a
the truth and be what they think right
because there are two things their
opinions which they have the right to
speak and the truth which they also have
a divine right to speak you're gonna
shut them down when they say those
things you're gonna fire me gonna end
their careers you think that that's
gonna win or freedom arguing laughing a
lot of laughing goes on around here when
we're arguing in all this you know
freedom the old American Way I I do not
think maybe maybe I'm too optimistic I
do not think you can win a culture war
by brute force even the Soviet Union
fell now listen I know millions died
before that happened and we don't want
to see that happen here but even the
Soviet Union fell the thousand-year Nazi
Reich gone I know these tyrannies they
do a lot of damage and the people who
are lost are lost forever and they were
unique and there's nothing that can
bring them back it doesn't stop it from
being a tragedy I'm just saying that if
David Brooks think the future of America
is shutting people up you know the other
thing that David Brooks doesn't realize
is that's how we got Donald Trump in the
first place you kept shutting us up for
eight years Barack Obama shut us up for
eight years he ignored us for eight
years he trolled us and then America
answered with a two-word answer which I
will say was Donald Trump though I don't
think that was exactly what it is all
right let's talk more about the Oscars
with Michael Noel's but first I got to
say goodbye to Facebook and to YouTube
come on over to the Daily wire.com and
it's a lousy hundred bucks for the
entire year you get the leftist tears
tumblr which as I speak Michael Knowles
will sneak into your house and fill it
with leftists tears that he has been
collecting over the city of La so come
on over to the daily wire calm and
listen to the rest of the show so have
you forgiven me for making you watch
this this garbage no and it's gonna take
a lot of Christian patience and
reconciliation and humility to ever
forgive you this was the worst Oscars
ever it seemed intolerable I mean I kept
you know going in and turning it on just
so I could feel your pain because your
pain makes me happy and it was appalling
yeah it was the most boring Oscars ever
Jimmy Kimmel made history in that his
opening monologue had basically no jokes
at all do you remember the old days
Billy Crystal would do a whole montage
and he would make jokes about the movies
and he would insert himself into the
movies and it was about the movies right
this was not we knew going in this was
all about politics so Jimmy Kimmel he
said he actually admitted in the opening
he said look these speeches are for
changing the world they're a great
platform for pushing leftist politics
basically yeah we need to keep them a
little shorter because it's a four-hour
telecast but you've got to say what
you've got to say and and you know
Marlon Brando who first was one of the
first people this used to be considered
rude I mean the New York Times I just
say it's rude to go up while people are
celebrating and put forward your
controversial opinion which offends the
audience that you're trying to please
it's just so ungrateful yes maybe this
going in and it does say something about
the culture the culture is obsessed with
politics now and I don't know if that
symptom or if that's cause but
everything was about politics so even
the jokes they weren't even clever they
were just this low-hanging fruit
so Jimmy Kimmel made a joke about how
Trump is a racist tee-hee-hee right that
we never heard that one before Wow great
and he made a joke about how Mike Pence
was made uncomfortable by that movie
about pederasty as though we should
be uncomfortable with it like Mike bench
could give a rat's whether they make
that move is he like America certainly
didn't see it you know I have to just
say one thing I was talking about the
difference between right-wing culture
which is open-minded hilarious we're
always laughing and arguing and all this
stuff and left-wing culture was just
furious the funny thing was that Donald
Trump went to that press dinner the
other night he was funnier than Kimmel
he was making joke he made it he made a
joke where he said I man he said to the
New York Times I'm glad you're here
you're in New York icon I'm a New York
icon too and the only difference is I
still own my building I mean that's
pretty good that's pretty good material
you know I did Kimmel is sitting there
doing garbage base it's a low bar Kimmel
hasn't been funny since the 90s like I
think there was a joke on Family Guy
about how they were gonna tune in every
night and watch Jimmy Kimmel try you
know he isn't a great talent but he's
either really just do based he made a
couple of pot jokes right those were the
funniest jokes he made all night were
about Steven Spielberg having pot on him
and it's just that that's the hue that
is the highest form of humor that this
guy is capable of and it's really sad
because there were a couple decent
speeches Sam Rockwell who deserved his
award yep in a category of great
performances he gave a nice speech it
was fun it was modern it was it wasn't
some great eloquent thing but it was
just gracious and he said thank you Gary
Oldman comes out and thanks America for
giving him opportunities Winston
Churchill for his greatness and his
mother and the Academy and he left that
now mercifully though because we had to
reverse it so it used to be Best Actor
was the last it came after Best Actress
now they flipped it because me too
hashtag me too and so then Frances
McDorman came out and shrieked about
feminism on how actresses who make
millions of dollars should make even
more money no gratitude whatsoever have
they looked outside that that theater at
the homeless tents that are like you
know that that our own Emily was like
involved in a murder not she wasn't
involved in it but she was close to him
skating some blood as she was going on
and this and the problem in Hollywood is
that million-dollar actresses are not
being paid two million dollars that's
what they think victimhood looks like
they have no sense they've lost the
sense of what what the movies are for
what the artform is it's because it's
dead it is just
we've had our doorman we see it you know
this was the intersectional Oscars I
think the the best picture award as you
said went to the intersectional movie
where the disabled woman the black woman
the gay guy the fish South Africa South
American fish man the South American
fishermen have it tough now though yes
that's not you know let's not be actual
bigots hero you have to we have to be
polite to South American fish people
they're just dreamers really and they're
all the bad guys and yo they're all the
good guys and the only bad guys are the
straight white male yeah Americans who
like their country those are all the bad
guys played beautifully by Nick Searcy
Horace the great mixer see who's in like
every oscar-nominated film that's right
so it you know that it was so
intersectional in that way and that's
why you had this person common who went
up and did that he did the death of art
he did slam poetry and it didn't make
any sense it said we've talked about
feminism and it said the NRA is not
God's Way and then he had all of these
activists one of whom was Cecile
Richards
who's killed 3.8 million babies in just
12 years and then next to her was the
founder of black lives matter
even though Cecile Richards is killed
what like two and a half million black
babies in 12 years yeah but she didn't
use a gun let's be that's true she at
least she they use a gun she tortures
the birth yeah it was it was pure
intersectionality and it's why it was so
boring is because you can't make jokes
anymore
everything is so self-flagellating and
timid and sad Jimmy Kimmel it the most
honest line of the night he said I wish
I were a woman I'm sure you do Jimmy
well you can be he's only he's almost
there I mean that's right yeah he's on
it was it was really just very sad and
it it showed us that this is the logical
conclusion of PC this is the logical
conclusion of intersectionality
is this hateful angry tedious boring
ranting rather than some light
entertainment rather than what the
Oscars work even ten years ago
well intersectionality I mean I was
talking about that the the difference
between get out and the Godfather in
which assimilation is the goal in the
Godfather
where assimilation is the evil in get
out and intersectionality is the
opposite of the melting pot it is the
opposite of the assimilation
dream which comes you know it comes
along with problems you know it comes
along you know Michael Corleone II has
problems he doesn't get to assimilate
Reza is it but that's the tragedy
we're in get out the tragedy the horror
is if you do assimilate you lose your
somehow you lose your central blackness
and I think that intersectionality is in
fact the anti melting pot anti a
pluralist unum anti-american they
finally have perfected the air anti
American philosophy and it of course it
makes you angry
of course and in these films the films
that they honored last night the ones
that really won they did present a
vision of the world as the left season I
really liked three billboards I thought
it was pretty the acting was spectacular
yeah but just as with all of mcdonoughs
work it in ternal logic and internal
consistency but it presents the world as
lefties see it which isn't true it isn't
the world that we that we really live in
right and the one film that I think did
sort of get to it a little bit was Lady
Bird and they got nothing they walked
away with it walked away I know I
ultimately you know I was glad they gave
it to Gary Oldman he's one of the few
you know I don't think he likes to talk
about it but I think a little bit closer
to our side than sure looks like it yeah
he is I'm sure but like I I do think
that they are they are completely
devoted divorced now from the public
they came to serve and again a lot of
this has to do with you know the the
Jews who built the Jewish men Jewish
white men who built Hollywood were
desperate to become part of America you
know they all they wanted was to please
Americans with their product but also
they you know they preached you go back
and look they preach a little bit you
know like oh yes we accept people you
know after the war certainly they
started talking about you know the
anti-semitism in America you know they
were all they wanted though was to be
part of America America was the good
where's now they're saying telling us
that America is the bad and and you know
the the other thing about this is I
really believe and you know actually
most women action that I know agree with
me I mean they're not most women I know
we're not feminists because the
feminists won't talk to me but but but I
believe that that young men are always
with the future is so if young men are
killing themselves or playing video
games 12 hours a day that's where the
future is gonna go but where do you
I mean a young men gonna sit around and
be kicked in the crotch forever are they
gonna sit around and be hated for being
men forever are they gonna sit around
and he hated for being white I mean
after all women are what should be
welcome in Hollywood but they didn't
build Hollywood women should be welcome
in its Silicon Valley but they didn't
build Silicon Valley and where it
whatever is being built now that we
can't see that is in the future it's
probably going to be built by a bunch of
guys who are being derided by Jimmy
Kimmel that's right that's right it it
is just a sign of that of the death of
Hollywood
yeah that's self-flagellation and
nobody's going to watch it I don't you
know I got the movie card so I could I
now go see 700 movies a day because I
like a good deal yeah but I'm think I'm
the only person in America who saw a
phantom thread nobody saw that at all
and that that divorce of the popular
culture yeah from what what Hollywood is
churning out just shows it is the death
of it and we're not gonna watch I think
I'm the only young man in that country
who watched the Oscars last night I
think that's almost without without
question and you only did it under
duress and I only do absolute duress but
it's so sad it's so sickly why do we
have to watch Jimmy Kimmel say oh I wish
I were a woman all right or we're so bad
aren't we out yeah hit me hit me mama
yeah yeah I don't it's a very pretty
verse about that there is something
perverse and when you think back you
know I I always talk about the fact that
like art forms and civilizations and
everything follow the pattern of a human
life you know you have this youth where
you do these spectacular things and then
you have the wisdom of middle age and
then you kind of decline and and you
know I think that that is what we're
looking at we're looking at this art
form in decline and it's just you know
why you know in in 1939 which was the
peak of the movie industry the Golden
Age of Hollywood the films that were
nominated The Wizard of Oz Gone with the
Wind mr. Smith goes to Washington
were not only classics they were the top
box office films even if these films are
good and some of them are good I mean I
did like get out it was a tiny little
film but I yeah but you know even if
they're good like people are not seeing
these movies they're not speaking to
America they have lost their grip on
America so they think they're winning
the culture war because they agree with
themselves
and they're small and they're thin
I agree entirely I really like to get at
it it was at least originally at least
fun and did something that's got made it
some interesting points together at one
point being that white liberals the most
racist people on earth a point of long
advocated him but but it was a small
movie it was shape of water was a thin
movie it was a shallow I lose totally
empty yet you know at least Dunkirk for
for all of its flaws it was a movie it
did present something closer to what a
movie is sure but what was the last big
movie was the last major movie I it
seems to me they've been shrinking ever
since 1939 series into the seventies it
really is true the last big one that I
that mattered that I could think of is
as the Lord of the Rings trilogy and I
thought Logan was a really good movie
but I think was a great movie I just
thought it was a really interesting
different take on superheroes at least
it had stakes it was like every other
superhero movie is something and that
it's funny because now I come in I said
oh gosh and Lady Bird was great oh gosh
Logan was great but really they weren't
great that's right they were they were
compared to the other movies this year
they were great yeah but really in the
grand scheme of things they were good
they're exactly you know exactly alright
what are you gonna talk about this morn
your show no not at all no more Oscars
man you can't do this to me anymore
alright no more tonight today on the
show we're going to be talking about
this vote in South Africa to steal all
the white people's for well I heard
about this it's written nobody's
covering it because it's a little touchy
it's a little racy we can't go there so
of course we're gonna bring Lauren
southern on she's done a documentary
about farmlands in Africa and we're
gonna talk to her about what this means
for the future if a South Africa is
going the way of Zimbabwe and if Nelson
Mandela's dream is finally dead as the
left hollows out every other good thing
that we have in the world well I'm glad
you're moving on because the Oscars are
are kind of the peak of my year because
we're not just sit there watching them
knowing you're watching them it's you
know I hope you enjoyed that martini I
hope you seasoned it with both a nice
olive and a couple of my teams and
you're good Michael Doyle show coming up
thanks a lot Knowles was cruel I
probably I probably shouldn't have
alright let's let's talk about our
crappy culture
so I just want to continue this thought
into the news business with a word of
wisdom from Bill Maher Bill Maher and I
always have a kind of respect for Bill
Maher even though I hate the whole
sneering things the the if the audience
applauds it's true and if they don't
applaud is not true you know the whole
the whole thing of attitude as a moral
guide I think is ridiculous but the one
thing I've always liked about Mars he's
not afraid to let people disagree and to
bring on people who don't always agree
with his opinion he used to have an
Coulter on I think he still has Sam
Harris on you know he talked about he
has a range of opinions that he will
allow on which I appreciate the the
divide in our culture is being played
out in the news Donald Trump's poll
numbers are going up I think they're at
49 or 50 percent they are you know this
is after the press has piled on him
hammered him hammered and hammered him
and he has made some mistakes himself
some of his tweets have blown up in his
face some of his talk about guns was
ridiculous I I think this tariff thing
is a ridiculous but that's for another
time but the the left-wing press is
peddling this hysteria and you know who
it's affecting the left-wing press this
is the thing this is the David Brooks
thing he thinks the culture wars being
fought in his office he thinks if the
New York Times disapproves everybody
disapproves brian Stelter went into this
hysterical rant about there's too much
news we're being overwhelmed by news
listen to this we wanted to take a look
at what all these explosive headlines
added up to and how we can all as
consumers make sense of it we went ahead
and looked at the Chiron's that's a term
for the cable news banners on the bottom
of the screen and we picked out just
some of the banners that appeared on CNN
this week it's gonna take more than
three minutes to go through all these
will slow it down for you in a minute
but I just want you to think about how
fast they're going by how much news is
piling up on the screen
I mean we're barely to the middle of the
week at this point it's Wednesday now
and I'm exhausted I'm overwhelmed just
taking a look at the list doesn't it
feel like we're drowning and news
doesn't it feel like the number of
scandals the number of allegations of
corruption then
of new developments about the Muller
probes the number of stories about White
House infighting that it's all just too
much to keep up with and if so what
should journalists do to help
what can viewers and news consumers do
to keep up I think that's the
conversation that we need to have at a
moment like this where it really does
feel like the White House is in a
rolling ongoing crisis it's self making
himself hysterical by reporting on stuff
that doesn't matter
it really doesn't really matter what's
happening at the White House and whether
Trump likes chaos or not yeah I mean I
don't one of his lines at this press
gathering was we don't know who's gonna
leave next Stephen Miller or Melania
pretty pretty funny here's Bill Maher
talking about the way the news works
today and he says I used to think that
if a journalist reports it it's news but
not anymore listen to this how about
some rules for identifying actual news
for example when an internet headline
reads you won't believe yes you will and
no it's not news when anyone is
demanding an apology unless they have
hostages that's not news and when the
offended group are identified as the
internet Twitter or people it's nobody
look this is not an outlier this is a
constant and prominent part of today's
journalism creating some bulk non-issue
that a few trolls will predictably go
ape over and then reporting on those
unrepresentative tweets like all of
America's talking about nothing else
Justin Timberlake used a projection of
prints for his Super Bowl halftime show
and people are furious
no nobody cares people are really mad
that Shaun White dragged the American
flag after he won the gold no not even a
little you've been liar
Weight Watchers is targeting teens and
Twitter is outraged no one isn't it's
the same three people and it's not hard
to find three people who are mad at
anything I could say good morning on
Twitter and three people would object
good in your privileged world Bill Maher
good it's good funny stuff but it but he
doesn't realize I think Maher is this
also applies to three sources who are
close to the Muller investigations say
this or two sources who are close to the
Whitehouse say that he yellow the Trump
yelled at Hope X before she quit none of
which we know is true at all and isn't
really news I mean stuff that's going on
at the FDA that is making your life
healthier that's news the stuff that's
going on at the EPA which is making your
life freer that's news they're not
reporting any of that because all that
redounds to Trump's leadership and his
the fact that he's doing still so far a
good job as as president the United
States this whole thing about outrage
that he's pointing out is it has to do
with something very deep that obviously
the show is over we're not gonna talk
about it today has to do with something
very deep that's happening in our
civilization which is both the right and
the left don't no longer know why
exactly they're saying what they're
saying they no longer know why things
are good or why things are bad and so
they're just fighting for control
there's just if they're outraged then
they can win your emotions if you say
yes that does feel outrageous it does
they're no longer making argue actual
arguments and when they start to know
when we start to remember and go back
and realize what we're talking about we
can start making arguments and then the
only people will be matter will be the
people on the right because they're the
only people who still know how to argue
in a friendly way all right do we know
who we have on tomorrow yet either
michael barone Imran or Sharon pretty
good choice so that will be tomorrow
come on over meanwhile go over to City
Journal and read a nation of Iago's
about Shakespeare I think it's one of
the best pieces I've ever written that's
why I'm plugging it so much I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
we'll see you tomorrow
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
mic core Mina hair and makeup is by
jesuit vera and our animations are by
cynthia Angulo and jacob jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
