well here now to react is the host of
the Michael Mills show Michael J Knowles
Michael thank you so much for being with
us this morning now ahead of the award
show producer said that Jimmy Kimmel was
going to avoid pointed political
commentary do you think he succeeded on
that front no I think he just avoided
jokes of entertainment Jimmy Kimmel I
think made history last night it was the
first joke free opening monologue to any
Oscars telecast though perhaps we should
be happy that he didn't cry during the
broadcast he may cry when the ratings
come out last year was a nine-year low
in ratings for the Oscars I suspect this
year we'll beat it Jimmy Kimmel it was
amazing and his opening monologue he
actually told us that Hollywood
celebrities him included consider their
primary purpose to push left-wing
activism not to entertain to push
activism he said these speeches are a
great platform we have to change the
world and that is how they were used
throughout the entire night we might
call this the intersectional Oscars some
person as we play named common went out
and he sang about how the NRA is not
God's Way all while ironically he was
joined on stage by Cecile Richards the
president of Planned Parenthood who has
killed 3.8 million babies in her time at
that job it was all activism all night
long the jokes that you heard the couple
of Barb's from Jimmy Kimmel they were
the most tedious low-hanging fruit you
could hear the Republican president is a
racist we've never heard that one before
or a the best I think was hell but my
vice president Mike Pence is
uncomfortable with pederasty we make
movies such as call me by your name to
make Mike Pence uncomfortable aren't we
all supposed to be uncomfortable by that
what happened to the me2 movement and
the most ironic moment of all is that
the Academy in the year of me - in the
year of Harvey Weinstein awarded a
statue to Kobe Bryant perhaps the most
prominent accused rapist in the United
States all right well that's it's
interesting and I just want to talk
about what happens to the actual show
because I think the reason they see the
ratings decline is
people they don't want a lecture and B
this country is comprised of people on
the Left people on the right and some
people in the middle if you're on the
left you would have loved to show like
last night if you're in the middle you
just would have been probably
uncomfortable and if you're on the right
you would have hated it so I don't
understand why you would want to break
apart your audience like that
I think they can't resist it Donald
Trump has driven them crazy as we have
seen since November 2016 and there were
a few moments last night of gracious
speeches of entertainers who primarily
entertain and pursue their art such as
Gary Oldman going up there he thanked
America he thanked Winston Churchill he
thanked the Academy and he left but fear
not if you were turned off by such a
show of grace Frances McDormand came on
right after and started shrieking about
feminism and how millionaire actresses
should make even more money they cannot
resist it they think that their primary
role is to push politics and not to
entertain and the more that they believe
that the more people are going to tune
out well yeah and you know I know that
you watched the whole entire thing
because you were live tweeting it so you
must be pretty tired but the show was
what four and a half hours long so there
were also a lot of non-political moments
as well and Awards hands it out so some
politics but a lot of fun as well
Michael Daniels thank you so much for
being with us today
