today is indeed a sad day ambassador
nikki Haley United Nations ambassador
nikki Haley my spirit animal she decided
that she was gonna resign apparently a
few days ago and that was just announced
today all I can say is I'm stuck in a
glass cage of emotion a glass cage of
emotion I'm so sad right now I'm the
sadness overwhelms me at times if I have
to take a break to go cry in the corner
and just rock myself and eat ice cream
that might be happening a little bit
later in the show we'll try to avoid it
as best we can
nikki Haley made that announcement in
the White House with President Trump
today it was a shock announcement here's
what she had to say um it has been in
honor of a lifetime I know I said I am
such a lucky girl to have been able to
leave the state that raised me and to
serve a country I love so very much has
really been a blessing and I want to
thank you for that
now nikki Haley was indeed a badass in
her job as the UN Ambassador she
basically spent every day going and
yelling at despots which was injures
great at it I mean she would go in and
she would talk about how the United
States was exceptional and America was
unique place and our allies like Israel
were worth supporting and how the UN was
basically the most Eisley of the
international institutional sort of
layout and she was exactly correct about
all of those things I will miss nikki
Haley greatly she explains some of the
things that she got done as UN
Ambassador most excited look at the two
years look at what has happened in two
years with the United States on foreign
policy now the United States is
respected countries may not like what we
do but they respect what we do they know
that if we say we're going to do
something we follow it through and the
president proved that whether it was
with the chemical weapons in Syria
whether it's with NATO saying that other
countries have to pay their share I mean
whether it's the trade deals which have
been amazing they get that the president
means business okay so there are a bunch
of rumors about what's gonna happen next
people suggesting that nikki Haley is
going to take Senator Lindsey Graham
spot Lindsey Graham is going to become
the the UN Ambassador that's not going
to happen I'm just gonna say that right
here right now Lindsey Graham has no
interest in giving up a Senate seat to
go be UN Ambassador it would be a great
solution it would be really
Machiavellian to move her
into the Senate where she could just do
battle with Kamala Harris on a daily
basis it would be spectacular
I would enjoy watching it and Lindsey
Graham would actually make a terrific UN
Ambassador because it would be full time
Lindsey Graham 2.0 that's all that he
would do all day long would be Lindsey
Graham 2.0 and just yell at people which
would be amazing but unfortunately I
don't think that's going to happen there
are some rumors that maybe it'll be Dena
Powell who is a former member of the
administration or maybe it'll be brick
Grinnell who would be terrific
he's our current ambassador to Germany I
really doubt that they're gonna call him
back from Germany to make him you an
ambassador there are a few other
possibilities nikki Haley is is not
going to stay with the administration
she's out she is not going back to the
Senate my guess is that she is gonna go
back into politics maybe a couple of
years from now but I get the sense from
her from from folks who know her that
she actually does just want to take some
time out that she's sort of been burned
out on this job and I hear her I mean
that's that's a pretty brutal job I met
with ambassador Haley just a few months
back and it's not the easiest job in the
world going in there every day number
one having to watch what the
administration is saying and doing and
number two having to go in with some of
the worst people on earth and try to
negotiate with them on a regular basis
so good for nikki Haley and she
certainly has all sorts of gratitude
from folks like me for everything that
she did I'm very sad indeed to see her
though
