now all of your classmates who opposed
the Second Amendment have received blue
Twitter check marks scores of followers
you conspicuously have been granted
neither of those things why do you think
that is well I think first of all I've
been getting so much support in the
media as of right now especially on
Twitter from from Republicans and I
think as of right now I'm up to like
60,000 or something followers on Twitter
which is really amazing um I think that
maybe Twitter has like a liberal agenda
somewhat and that they choose who to who
to verify and who not to and I mean
that's saddening but because they're a
private organization they they're
allowed to do so as like in they're
granted in their own rights but still
it's quite saddening to see that a lot
of my peers too who are also activists
and I'm trying to make a change although
liberal are being verified yeah they are
because it used to be to be verified it
just was you know if people were
pretending to be you or they wanted to
make it clear that this was the real
person and then starting with that white
nationalist guy Richard Spencer they
started pulling the verification as
though he's no longer who he is you know
and then and it became clearly much more
of an endorsement somehow I still have
my check mark but that probably won't
won't go on for long I think it's but I
think it's somewhat over yeah you know I
mean like it's it's not it's an ego
boost you know especially for the kids
who get it and for the people get it
they think that they're better than
everyone else simply because they have
the check mark and it's it's that
doesn't have that much siblings except
saying that you've been recognized by a
private company right and this is really
the reason I brought you on is because I
was a very hesitant to to talk to the
people at your school just because
you've had a tragedy that doesn't seem
to me a good reason to say okay now
promote my gun agenda or something on
television
