I have to play this because it is just
too good the view was making fun of Mike
Pence the other day and Joy Behar said
this about his religious life and one
thing to talk to Jesus it's another
thing when Jesus talks to you exactly if
I'm not correct that that's called
mental illness Oprah Winfrey has been
asked if she wants to run for president
and this is what she said I thought well
she I've never in my life ever ever
imagined that I would be in politics and
I've always said no no no no no am I
supposed to at least look at that
question because I had enough people
billionaires calling me up saying I can
get you a billion dollars I can run your
campaign and I actually went into prayer
about it like God if you if you think
I'm supposed to run you got to tell me
and it has to be so clear that not even
I could miss it so Joey boy Herod's
accused Oprah Winfrey basically of being
mentally ill and I think joy owes oprah
an apology but the reason I bring this
up is because the media Research Center
has announced a campaign to hold ABC's
advertisers accountable for the
anti-christian bigotry on the view okay
in the view sponsors say they want they
you can go on the media Research Center
and they have a link that will in go to
call the view sponsors and let them know
how upset you are about a show that
smears Christians is dangerous and
mentally ill and the reason I bring this
up is because all week long we've been
listening to people saying they're not
going to give NRA people discounts
anymore and that's pressure coming from
the left and the interesting thing is
FedEx which has refused to disconnect
from the NRA while saying they disagree
with them which is their right but while
refusing to refuse to disconnect and
their business is going up we all
remember chick-fil-a when they left try
to pillory them because the owner of
chick-fil-a doesn't approve of gay
marriage he held his ground now
chick-fil-a is one of the biggest
fast-food
in the country the thing is the thing is
the left has more power with these
people because the media gives them a an
echo chamber they have more power than
they actually deserve and I don't that
conservatives are always saying I don't
believe in boycotts why not
let's show them who has the power
because I think we're the ones with the
real power and I think Joy Behar owes
all of us an apology
but I don't see anything wrong in us
fighting back if this is the way it's
going to go you know I support the NRA
and I think that these businesses are
just running scared of the press not of
the people the people will support their
businesses as they support it FedEx as
they supported chick-fil-a but they are
running scared of the press we need to
show them who has the real economic
clout I think it's us
