Marjory Stoneman Douglas high school
students return to school today two
weeks after that horrific shooting we
will talk with one of them Kyle cash of
not about guns not about his thoughts on
public policy but rather about his
experience of media outlets like CNN and
Hollywood celebrities and political
operatives descending on and preying on
his community then we expose the real
forces behind gun control efforts in
Portland and why they're doing it
finally CNN analyst Lieutenant General
Mark Hertling
clarifies his comments on full
semi-automatic weapons we will clarify
his clarification which is really an
obfuscation because CNN belongs to its
father and when it lies it speaks its
native language I'm Michael Knowles and
this is the Michael Knowles show
I'm very excited to talk to Kyle as a
sort of met meta conversation a
conversation about the way media have
been using these students and putting
them on television and we have to get to
him in one second but before we do that
we have to talk about hair we have got
to toe it we got to keep the lights on
here and we got to make sure that when
the lights shine they don't reflect off
of my bald head they talk they reflect
off of my poofy headed hair which is why
we have talked about keeps keeps is a
great sponsor of this show and it is the
easiest way to keep your hair hair loss
is not just your dad's problem everybody
thinks it just happens when you get
older we all we all think we're
invincible don't we we young uns well it
happens earlier in life than you think
by 35 2 out of 3 men will start losing
their hair that's a pretty big number by
35 but hair loss is actually easy to
prevent if you get started early we have
to introduce keeps a new company
offering a simple clinically proven
affordable way to stop hair loss this
company is it's got doctors on board
this is proven to stop hair loss with
keeps it is easier than ever for guys
like you to keep your hair I mean let me
tell you something I just speaking
personally I don't have a ton of things
going for me when it comes to the ladies
all right I'm willing to admit that
takes a big man to admit that I'm not
exactly an Adonis of a man I'm not
exactly a herculean built man you know I
don't I don't write any books with words
in them Ben hasn't paid me in months I
don't know he hasn't paid me since he
gave me the the Trump election check so
you know luckily the one thing I've got
going for me is my poofy hair I am you
know it's good good news I've got it on
both sides of the family I'm hoping I
get to keep it but you can't take the
chance you have got to check out keeps
keeps offers the only two hair loss
products that are clinically proven to
keep the hair you have
you might hear a lot on the internet or
on the TV or something that all these
different gizmos to keep your hair there
only to hair loss products that are
clinically proven to keep the hair you
have and keeps offers them you can sign
up in less than five minutes which is
good I'm a millennial I don't do
anything that takes more than five
minutes it keeps us entirely online and
it only costs 10 to 35 dollars a month
so it's one dollar a day where
less on average that's half of what
you'd typically pay at the pharmacy
because it cuts out the middleman and
seriously guys what is having hair worth
to you you go to a bar to pick up a
chick or something like that and how
much are you gonna pay at the bar just
for one drink you could for a dollar a
day or less or significantly less you
can keep your hair it seems like the
better option to me
getting started with keeps is so easy
you just answer a few questions and you
snap some photos a licensed doctor
remotely reviews your information and
gives you the right prescription so they
actually have doctors on staff so that
you're not just getting some generic
whatever they'll you'll get your
prescription all without ever leaving
your couch within two to three days a
three-month supply of your treatment
will arrive perfectly packaged at your
door and I know some people are a little
they don't want it to come to their door
and they're embarrassed about this first
of all there's nothing to be embarrassed
about the majority of men will start
losing their hair the vast majority of
men will start losing their hair by
thirty five there's nothing to be
embarrassed about but if you are worried
it comes in in just a regular package
there's no no information on it or
anything just says keeps you no no
doesn't have like a balding man on the
on the thing or anything like that it's
just very generic packaging if you're
worried about that sort of thing I
wouldn't be because if you get this what
you're really saying is I want to make
sure that I keep looking good and I'm
not a big dummy who's gonna let an
easily preventable event happen to my
hair I'm gonna take charge when I'm
young enough to do something about it
but if you're worried about that sort of
thing you know there's no marks on the
packaging that would say haha look this
guy's losing us here so stop hair loss
today the easy way with keeps it offers
customized treatment plans with only
clinically proven hair loss products for
about a dollar a day there are a lot
there are a lot of products on the
market that say they're gonna help with
your hair loss these are only clinically
proven from the comfort of your couch to
receive your first month of treatment
for free go to keeps calm slash cough FA
Co V Fe Fe that is ke EPS calm / cough
effect you get a free month of treatment
don't say that I never did anything for
you and when it helps you go out there
and keep looking your best for years and
years to come you can you can look back
and think
you say thanks Michael that was really
nice that when you got that cough F a
pulsing through your veins you say oh
that's good I feel I'm feeling pretty
good because of keeps calm / cough FA Co
V Fe Fe keeps hair today hair tomorrow
here today here tomorrow okay enough
about here Kyle
cash of is a student at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School who survived the
shooting in parkland Florida unlike his
classmates Kyle has come out publicly in
defense of the Second Amendment and the
NRA and against that incompetent and
cowardly sheriff Scott Israel but I
don't want to talk about any of those
things with with Kyle because I think
it's really awful I think it's cheap and
tawdry and awful about 'let's like CNN
to pimp these teenagers out who have
survived a tragedy to push their anti
civil rights agenda and I don't want to
do that even to push my own pro civil
rights agenda I will weave talked to a
professor of aaalac about the Second
Amendment we can keep talking about it
what I would like to talk to Kyle about
is the media how the media and tech
giants like Twitter have treated
students at Marjory Stoneman Douglas so
Kyle first thank you so much for coming
on I know that your high school reopened
today we're praying for you here at the
Daily wire it's just a it's an awful
thing down there and I'm sure it is not
easy going back and settling in the
first thing I want to talk to you about
is the media because this is something
that you all can speak to better than
anybody I cannot turn on CNN for the
past two weeks without seeing brian
Stelter or one of his colleagues
coaching your classmates who opposed the
Second Amendment into saying something
to advance that agenda in fact the only
time CNN reported on you Kyle it wrote
Kyle 16 a Stoneman Douglas student
identifies as a Republican and a
conservative he has he said he has
always been pro guns but looks at things
differently since the shooting and then
it moves and actually to my knowledge
that isn't even true but then
surrounding the statement I just talked
about all of your other classmates
pushing for gun man bans how come Kyle
cNN has not been inviting you on the air
around the clock well push a very
liberal agenda and I just don't fit
their criteria it's very clear that I'm
most of the mainstream media is very
liberal they
choose to have people who will assist in
their agenda I think you're probably
right about that and this brings to
another aspect it isn't just obviously
we know where CNN is coming from here we
know that they're trying to push an
agenda it is it is a little tawdry I
think to use I think it's a little chore
to use the victims or survivors of a
shooting like this to push a political
agenda but it's even more tawdry to only
bring on the ones who agree with their
political point of view to talk about
those politics now all of your
classmates who opposed the Second
Amendment have received blue twitter
check marks scores of followers you
conspicuously have been granted neither
of those things why do you think that is
well I think first of all I've been
getting so much support in the media as
of right now especially on Twitter from
from Republicans I think as of right now
I'm up to like 60,000 or something
followers on Twitter which is really
amazing um I think that maybe Twitter
has like a liberal agenda somewhat and
that they choose who to who to verify
and who not to and I mean that's
saddening but because they're private
organizations they're allowed to do so
as like in they're granted in their own
rights but still it's quite saddening to
see that a lot of my peers who who are
also activists and I'm trying make a
change although liberal are being very
yeah they are because it used to be to
be verified it just was you know if
people were pretending to be you or they
wanted to make it clear that this was
the real person and then starting with
that white nationalist guy Richard
Spencer they started pulling the
verification as though he's no longer
who he is you know and then and it
became clearly much more of an
endorsement somehow I still have my
check mark but that probably won't won't
go on for long I think it's somewhat of
a yeah you know I mean like it's it's
not it's an ego boost you know
especially for the kids who get it and
for the people get it they think that
they're better than everyone else simply
because they have the check mark and
it's it's that doesn't have that much
simpler except saying that you've been
recognized by a prime and this is really
the reason I brought you on is because I
was a very hesitant to to talk to the
people at your school just because
you've had a tragedy that doesn't seem
to me a good reason to say okay now
promote my gun agenda or something on
tell
vision but what I want to ask you is CNN
Mike Bloomberg's anti-gun group every
town how many other organizations that
George Soros is moveon.org
the women's March even Planned
Parenthood for some reason they have all
descended on your town do you think all
of these political operatives have
helped your community they start a
conversation as they always seem to say
or would it have been better if the news
cameras and the Twitter checkmarks and
the on TV activists and the political
operatives never went anywhere near
Portland I think there are two parts I
think the part one is that first of all
it's a good story and now it brings in
the views and sadly brings in the clicks
and that's what a lot of the mainstream
media wants they they want that
attention you see kids friend you see
mothers crying white mothers crying you
see people in pain and that's sadly what
attracts the everyday viewer that's what
brings them the clicks the second aspect
is that on what I see I see that a lot
of the mainstream media especially CNN
is I miss doing a defiant is growing a
divide between our country to the left
on the right that truly does isn't
existent I really wanna see that America
wants to have this be a bipartisan issue
and they want to solve this collectively
and what CNN is doing is that they're
splitting between there's no middle
ground it's either you're on the left
and you're against it or you're part of
the right and there's no middle ground
that's it's quite concerning that is I
mean this is my real criticism of CNN
here obviously it's a story people are
going to cover it it's a it's a big
story it's a big tragedy it's a big
shooting so people are going to cover it
and they should cover it but the the it
doesn't have to be partisan the gun
grabbers want to grab the guns like they
always do and supporters of the
constitutionally protected civil right
to keep and bear arms point out that no
gun control law would have prevented
this awful shooting but Americans should
be able to come together and grieve at
least and clearly CNN has precluded any
chance of that on the national level for
your community itself has parkland
itself come together where as parkland
as divided as the rest of the country I
think that right now Parkland is
especially like has come together but I
think that CNN has put in a wedge
between our community simply by allowing
fame chasers I'm not
it allows people who simply want the
views and the attention to acquire that
very easily I'll I see people who every
day um should not be getting a lot of
media attention who were seeking it
firsthand to generate their own agenda
to generate their own publicity are you
talking about
people from parkland are you talking
about commentators on CNN
um I'm talking about theirs it's clear
to see that there's some students at my
school who choose to go further their
own career it's interesting you say that
I was kind of thinking because I really
don't blame the teenagers who are going
on TV
yeah we're teenage like you can't blame
a teenager he's 16 year old we're still
children and that's like excluded from
the fact that we're kids you know you
shouldn't take us seriously glad to hear
you say that because I sort of think you
know if I were a teenager and someone
asked me to go on TV I'd go on TV even
if it were some god-awful Network like
CNN I still would do it and you know if
I were teenager I'd probably go on and
spout off about things I didn't know
very much about and about constitutional
law and public policy and I'd probably
do all of that because that's what
teenagers do almost by definition but
there has been so much activism and so
much attention paid to the gun control
activists who are coming out of parkland
gun control activist students and OH
all of the activism seems to be either
funded by people in Hollywood are funded
by people in DC and I really wonder how
much of it is coming from parkland
itself and how much of it is just being
fed by big news networks and Democrat
activists the community is very
supportive and that they're pushing
people to UM to speak out and their
voice their opinions but the second
thing is I really think that a lot of
this is coordinated by a bio mainstream
media but you know CNN or aspects like
that there's no way students kids 16
year old I would have been able to be
honest all that they've done yeah I do
wonder when you see about these these
national protests and all of these
events you think I don't know when I was
16 or 17
I wasn't forming national events I
wasn't coordinating with the media this
day and age we had do we have Twitter we
have were able to like massively and
quickly organize by us so that is
another aspect that's true in it and
immediately attract celebrity support
that's true so what Twitter is amazing
that way especially when you get
hundreds of thousands of followers in a
little blue checkmark in terms of the
your classmates not maybe not the ones
that we've seen on television constantly
but what are your classmates that you've
talked to think about this media circus
this anti Second Amendment activism
everything else are they on board with
it
bring on the cameras or do they do they
think that it detracts from what took
place that it's taking what should be a
sober grieving process and making it
into something else what what do they
think I think specifically those who
have lost their best friends and those
who are in the freshman building
personally choose not to talk to media
because it hurts them even further they
have begun to hate you and they
specifically go out of their way not to
talk to media because it speaking to
media they use like a lot of the media
they use like a false sense of emotional
attachment and concern that truly isn't
there and then it dilutes from the
actual experiences that oh these
children went there so there are
different buildings there was a freshman
building and you're saying those those
people aren't really talking out that
much Oh interesting that's that is that
is quite interesting I didn't realize it
was broken down by class a lot of those
who suffered traumatic stories like the
people who were actually the the
rooms that were shot into and the people
that saw their best friend's die in
front of their eyes I have not seen a
single one put on a like put on like a
very big platform speaking you so you're
you're saying that the people that we're
looking at on television having they
weren't in the building where the
shooting took place
I think that there are many people who
are now speaking out who who are valued
as like heroes did not specifically
we're not in the freshman Billy like me
myself I was not in the building
some people call me here I'm like no I'm
not here I'm simply a teenager who's
forcing his own akule it was on this
campus but wasn't in the building right
yeah
wow that's interesting I actually did
not know there's been so much reporting
on this and there's been so much
demagoguery it it seemed like
immediately the media moved from this
awful event happened now we have to talk
about gun control and the stories of the
event itself I think basically got lost
in the shuffle I think that the gun
control pretty much took over all of
that that is that's really incredible do
you have any other I don't I don't mean
to come off and say I don't want to hear
your opinion about anything and I just
think that the media who have pounced
and said what do you think don't you
think we need more gun control don't you
think I think that's really awful but is
there anything else you'd like to say to
the audience before we let you go sure I
really think that like the never again
movement I'm seeing we're doing good
work I really think that if the other
day um a lot of like leaders currently
understand that we have to issue this as
a bipartisan issue we have to work
together as a bipartisan issue and that
we're using them now not like the logics
come into play for what's logically
achievable and now we understand that
look there are certain aspects that
cannot be repealed it cannot be changed
such as you know banning all guns simply
not gonna happen and that we understand
what can be done so you know mental
health restrictions keep your background
checks we're focusing on what can be
done and what's reasonable and it's
really gladdening to see the entire
community parkland itself coming
together and it's really it's becoming a
bipartisan issue and everything that's
important that the moderate even though
the media report so that there's no
middle ground there is a bipartisan of
course most people in this country I
think are sort of somewhere in that area
but all you ever see yeah on television
are these screaming celebrities who are
taking some extreme position that really
really interesting perspective Kyle
thank you very much our hearts hearts
going out to you down there in Parkland
as you guys go back to school and we
appreciate it thank you thanks for
coming on all right we we are going to
move on now to the March for our lives
so this is another aspect of the this
entire event the March for our lives is
the the new movement that is coming out
of
parkland at now according to March for
our lives calm they've scheduled this
for March 24th that's when it's going to
occur it's gonna be this grassroots
thing March we're alive calm says March
for our lives is created by inspired by
and led by students across the country
who will no longer risk their lives
waiting for someone else to take action
to stop the epidemic of mass school
shootings that has become all too
familiar in the tragic wake of the 17
lives brutally cut short in Florida
politicians are telling us that now is
not the time to talk about guns March
for our lives believes the time is now
turns out all of that origins story that
they've just told you is a lie that
isn't true as with all of these lefty
groups this is not a grassroots effort
this is not coming from students there
are rich famous powerful pockets that
are organizing everything from behind
the scenes and you see this all the time
do you remember the pussy hats that came
out Donald Trump wins the election and
then five seconds later there were a
hundred thousand of these specific pink
hats around the country did anybody
think like what everyone where all those
ads came from and that where do you
think there's just grassroots everybody
just knitted their own hat one day of
course not this was organized by
Democrat operatives this was organized
by Democrat funders and the same thing
is happening with March for our lives on
on March for our livestock um they say
this is not a political issue they
always say that Democrats always say
this is not a political issue we just
want to take all your guns it's not a
political issue it's not a
constitutional issue we're just gonna
deprive you of your civil rights this is
what March for our lives calm says quote
school safety is not a political issue
there cannot be two sides to doing
everything in our power to ensure the
lives and futures of children who were
at risk of dying when they should be
learning playing and growing the mission
and focus of March for our lives is to
demand that a comprehensive and
effective bill be immediately brought
before Congress to address these gun
issues no special interest group no
political agenda is more critical than
timely passage of legislation to
effectively address the gun violence
issues that are rampant in our country
first of all they're not rampant gun
violence has been declining for decades
so have mass shootings so have school
shootings but to here there aren't two
sides to here things like this is
in a political issue this is fistic
language this is language that says
there is no debate here there is no
other point of view this is the point of
view and it's trying to convince you
that we need to look past the debate we
need to just accept their premises and
they'll say how many of our your guns
should we take ten or twenty that's
basically their starting point it isn't
should we take your guns will that is
that constitutional for us to take your
guns and your civil rights will it
actually reduce gun violence is there
increase in gun violence they skip all
of that you think they can't they know
that the facts are not on their side so
they have to skip all of that and
demagogue and talk about children
playing and having a fun in all of that
now do we have to sign off a Facebook
and YouTube or do I can I get this last
bit in I can get this last bit all right
good because this is unbelievable we
have now learned that March for our
lives is being run by Hollywood
celebrities and major political
operatives this is from TMZ well you
know that great news outlet TMZ TMZ
reports that 22,000 March for our lives
shirts have been ordered March for our
lives right and it's just like the pussy
heads all over again 22,000 I wonder
where those that order came from TMZ
called because TMZ wanted to learn more
about who was running this thing and
they were directed to a woman who's
running the March for our lives
fundraising campaign the woman they were
directed to is not a local mother in
Portland it was not a staff member of
the school where the shooting took place
was not anyone from anywhere near
Florida the woman they were directed to
as an employee of Hollywood talent
manager Scooter Braun that's Justin
Bieber's talent manager I think it's
Kanye's manager Scooter Braun hmm that's
weird what's that guy doing Braun is at
the center of the organizing and
fundraising here but he didn't want it
to come out that he was so he used his
employees for cover they do this all the
time we see this happen all the time
also helping to run the show from
Hollywood is George Clooney George
Clooney donated half a half a million
dollars and he is calling the shots from
behind the scenes as well it actually
was Clooney who recruited Scooter Braun
to run the thing so Clooney was involved
first then actually another major funder
of this March for our lives as the
future dystopian president Oprah Winfrey
she matched George Clooney's donation
of half a million dollars and then
Clooney after kind of running the show
from behind recruited Scooter Braun to
run the operations through the fail of
his employees when he was asked about
this when George Clooney was asked he
said Amal and I support the students of
Marjory Stoneman Douglas we've donated
money to help pay for their March but
the March and all of the activities
surrounding this movement belonged to
the young people across the country to
suggest anything else would not only be
completely inaccurate but also undercut
the courage and determination of these
incredible kids they make me proud to be
an American okay well it might undercut
all of that but what if it's true what
if it's true what if we do suggest that
this is a this is a directed campaign
from major Democrat operatives and
Democrat funders such as yourself George
Clooney that is using and exploiting the
this tragedy in these kids to push an
agenda that they've had for a hundred
years what if we said that would that be
true
I'm proud they make me proud to be in
America that's very nice George Clooney
but well has the reality who else is
behind the the March for our lives how
about this guy I think what the students
of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School
are doing is unbelievable they're
speaking out with more guts passion
conviction and common sense and most
adults they're high school students
it's beyond impressive that strength
that they have it's inspiring they are
angry and they're doing something about
it and creating change this is a real
revolution and they have organized a
peaceful march on Saturday March 24th in
Washington DC to demand action to
prevent gun violence I just want to say
I stand behind you guys and I will be
marching alongside you with my wife and
two children in DC to show our support
so to everyone
Jimmy Fallon can't let Jimmy Kimmel have
all the fun can II can't let Jimmy
Kimmel have all the virtues signaling
and all that we're gonna have to get a
few more of these tumblers by the way
because I think Jimmy's about to make a
ratings play so Fallon will not be only
exploiting the children in Florida he
will be exploiting his own children as
well well he marches in this gun control
parade why are celebrities all joining
this thing it's because they love gun
control but there's another reason there
is another major reason but you guys
you're true sadists you know that I I
can't tell you what that reason is until
you go to daily wired.com if you're
watching right now on Facebook or
YouTube ha ha if you're watching on
Facebook you'll have to go to daily
wired.com I'm sorry but this does
explain a lot of what's going on here
plus we've also got to get to the full
semi-autos again we got to get a little
bit more into the gun technicality
because CNN clarified their they
clarified their full semi owners but you
can't get that unless you go to daily
wire comm if you go you get me you get
the Andrew flavin show you get the Ben
Shapiro show you get the conversation
which Ben the big boss is doing himself
this coming month so you can ask him
questions if you're a member everybody
can watch only a few people can ask
questions many are called few are chosen
but none of that matters right now
because what really matters is this
leftist here's tumblr because I have a
sneaking suspicion that we're going to
be allowed to keep our civil rights for
another day we're gonna be allowed to
keep our civil liberties for another day
nothing
so infuriates a Democrat as when an
American gets to keep his civil rights
nothing so infuriates them and then when
they get angry they don't like start
doing cool like macho stuff they just
start crying like like little girls you
know so when that happens you're gonna
need to make sure you have the only
fda-approved vessel for left us tears in
the entire country
they can be served hot or cold they are
always salty and delicious but protect
yourself protect your family get the
leftist ears tumblr Daily wire calm
we'll be right back
so why are celebrities all joining this
thing why do they join the March for our
lives think of the children think of the
children well one it's because they love
gun control they obviously love gun
control the only time they like guns is
when they use them every three seconds
in every movie that they've ever made
and when they pay people to stand around
them with guns to protect them the only
time they don't like guns is when
ordinary Americans get to have them to
protect themselves from threats and from
tyranny so but they do love gun control
as a rule because it won't affect them
they their cronies so they get to keep
all the guns they want on screen and in
real life - the real reason that
celebrities and major Democrat funders
are behind this March for our lives is
that it's a huge middle finger to the
pro-life movement that's mark my words
this is no conspiracy theory it's why
they got the name they named it March
for our lives this is to counteract the
March for Life March for March for our
lives March for Life which is the
longest continual protest in US history
now if they didn't want it to counter
the March for Life what could they have
called it the March for school safety
the March to protect our children the
march to for gun control the March to
take your guns away the March to ban
fully semi-automatic weapons or whatever
they think a weapons are now but they
didn't its March for our lives as if to
say the March for Life doesn't really
protect life the this is the realizes of
our lives that we're talking about
they're trying to have their own March
for life because the March for Life is
the longest continual protest in US
history
it's grown in size every single year
except for there a couple of weather
events we're still they got 20,000
people to show up even in a blizzard
President Trump this year became the
first u.s. president to address the
crowd via livestream in 1974 when the
March for Life began in 20,000
demonstrators it was just after roe v--
wade forty years later the demonstration
drew six hundred fifty thousand
demonstrators that is a massive upsurge
in order of magnitude and many multiples
then there has also been a major sway in
public opinion public opinion in support
of abortion was at a pretty significant
high during
passage during the decision of roe v
wade it's gone down ever since right now
the country's split about 50/50 women
are split about 50/50 and actually when
you get beyond the labels of pro-life
and pro-choice and you get down to
should abortion be allowed here should
abortion be allowed here should abortion
be allowed here
a merest poll shows that the vast vast
majority of women think that abortion
should be illegal in most cases and
actually the majority of women believe
that abortion should be illegal in all
cases except for a rape incest and to
protect the life of the mother the
majority of women think that abortion
levels this past year fell to the lowest
level since roe v-- wade now don't get
too excited that's still a million per
year but they have been going down the
march for life has been working and
public opinion has been turning about
against democrats sacramental view of
abortion Planned Parenthood alone killed
three hundred thousand babies in the
womb this past year if you're concerned
about marching for our lives you're
concerned about marching for the lives
for children
why not oppose Planned Parenthood
Planned Parenthood by the way which
still gets a matching donation
charitable deal from United Airlines
United Airlines pulling any relationship
with the NRA which doesn't kill anybody
and just protect civil rights but the
United Airlines still match his
contributions to Planned Parenthood
which slaughters a third of a million
babies per year Canada right now is
trying to legalize the state killing of
mentally retarded and mentally ill
children
they passed a euthanasia is the
euphemism that's used I don't even use
the term they legalized assisted suicide
in 2016 but only for those who are at
least 18 years old now they're trying to
extend that practice to mature minors
you know mature minors and so it's
another jumbo shrimp right you're a
mature minor they want to draw a moral
equivalence these guys who now have that
look March for Life is hugely successful
as a moral and political high ground the
left wants their own and so they want to
draw moral equivalence between opposing
civil rights and defending babies from
being killed in the womb they always try
to draw moral equivalence they do this
all the time they do it with terrorists
they say that we're the same as
terrorists they say oh you know one
man's terrorist is another man's freedom
fighter they compare
Christian bakers who don't want to have
to participate in a gay wedding to
Muslim terrorists who's to say who's to
say who's who's better who's worse it's
all sort of the same right there's no
moral equivalence here they need to draw
moral equivalence because their views
are morally repulsive and they're
morally idiotic but they can't do it
so enough on the guy I think now the
school is reopened I think we've we've
talked about this gun issue enough I
think there is really no reason to pay
any attention to the mainstream media to
the Democrat operatives to the Hollywood
celebrities who are exploiting this for
a gun control push I think we've
answered all of their arguments I don't
think they have any credibility
whatsoever I'm glad we could put a fine
point on that but we haven't we have to
clarify one last bit about the fully
fully semi is that that general on CNN
was talking about can we play the clip
now those are single shots if I wanted
to fire this on full semi-automatic all
I do is keep firing now I won't probably
hit the target when I do this when we
look at the target later on but I'm
gonna fire about survived shots okay
first of all now he's clarifying this
he's trying to walk back his comments
first of all why wouldn't you hit the
target
why do you said I know I'm probably not
gonna I'm gonna pull my finger faster so
I'm probably not gonna hit the target
first of all they're shooting at 25
yards so you can even see in that sign
there this is not like he's not shooting
down a football field this is a pretty
small gun range I am NOT a good shot I'm
actually not very good not a very good
marksman I hit the target if you pull it
faster a general what are you doing are
you I wonder if he was doing a lot of
paperwork or something that it's not
hard to hit a target if you just pull a
little faster on to the point itself
he's now clarifying he's saying for all
those critiquing my phrase full
semi-automatic you are correct I was
attempting to inform the crew that I was
going from single shot to continuous
trigger and rapid trigger pull using the
semi-automatic capability did anyone get
that me neither my apologies but perhaps
you
missing the point so you just use a lot
of words right respectfully perhaps you
are obscuring the point general because
what you're trying to do is alive two
phrases fully automatic which means you
pull the trigger once and then you have
continuous fire and semi automatic where
you pull the trigger once and one bullet
comes out a full semi
is what Muslim terrorists drive down the
streets of New York and nice it does not
refer to any type of gun might refer to
a truck it does not refer to a gun he's
trying to cover up now and he's doing
that same thing that the left always
does when they get called out on their
nonsense first of all I don't believe
that a lieutenant general doesn't know
the difference between a fully automatic
and semi-automatic I think he is working
for CNM he's a CNN analyst he's pushing
their ridiculous opinion let's not
forget people on the Left Democrats
occasionally go to the military - this
might be one of these occasions where
you have a guy who's basically carrying
water for gun control I don't think he
doesn't know the difference I think he's
trying to blur the distinction and you
can you know he's blurring the
distinction because look at the words
that he uses he says I was going from
single shot no you're always on single
shot you're the gun is a single shot gun
that's all it is I was going from single
shot to continuous trigger and rapid
trigger pull continue it you know
continuous trigger pull that means you
just keep pulling it right I'm on
continuous sipping that's continuous
sipping I go up and down and up and I
keep taking sips right but it's just one
sip each time the and then he says using
the semi-automatic capability there's
one capability on that gun that you're
shooting general the one capability is
semi-automatic well you just used four
different phrases to refer to the same
thing and you're doing that to blur the
distinction between fully automatic and
semi-automatic ain't gonna work I thanks
for your service I respect your position
but what you're saying is total nonsense
and CNN obviously you're carrying water
for CNN's gun control agenda it's really
sad and it ain't gonna work buster you
got to pay attention to language our
great president the great man president
calf fa well he always has used only the
best words folks use the best words
folks come on I'm actually I'll be doing
a pray group
I think on this topic stay tuned for
that only use the best words folks and
when these guys is so slick with their
words make sure you pay attention when
they do it okay that's our show for
today get your mailbag questions and
we're doing the mailbag tomorrow and so
I can I can answer all of all of the
questions in a very moderately
satisfactory way so to that tune and
then I'm Michael Knowles is the main all
show I'll see you tomorrow
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
for word publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Alex Zangaro audio is
mixed by Mike Cora Mina hair and makeup
is by Joshua ov era copyright for word
publishing 2018
