we're gonna be talking about scandalous
today so let's start with a scandal that
didn't happen I've been very hard on CNN
from time to time so it's worth noting
that I got one story about them wrong
an accusation that CNN scripted some of
the questions at it's irresponsible
hate-filled biased ignorant lynch mob
like spewing of anti-gun rhetoric miss
named a town-hall was untrue CNN did not
script the questions and it's
irresponsible hate-filled biased
ignorant lynch mob like spewing of
anti-gun rhetoric miss named a town hall
that accusation was made by one of the
survivors of the shooting in Broward
County Florida but the boy's father now
says that he the father omitted a key
phrase in an email exchange with CNN and
that throws the story into doubt so
CNN's irresponsible hate-filled biased
ignorant lynch mob like spewing of
anti-gun rhetoric miss name - town hall
was not scripted and I regret relaying
that false information it was an act of
journalistic malfeasance that reduced me
to the level of CNN although without
their malice and irresponsibility
so CNN I apologize trigger warning I'm
Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right it's mat bag day hooray all
your problems will be solved by the end
of the show it's a it's going to be it's
gonna be great look in the mirror that
that schlub you see looking back into
that will that guy will not be here
what girl will not be here at the end of
the show because I will answer your
questions the answers are guaranteed
100% correct and will change you from
that club into something unimaginable
imaginable hopefully from the good sense
of that word remember if you want to be
in the mailbag you got to subscribe to
the daily wire come to the daily
wired.com and pay us 10 lousy bucks and
we'll give you a full month's
subscription for a lousy 100 bucks we'll
give you the whole year plus we'll give
you the leftist tears tumblr you can try
this at home you know take your leftist
ears tumblr put it next to you empty as
the show begins by the end of the show
it will be filled with leftist ears
which cure all kinds of diseases and
skin problems some of us are maybe
making up I'm not sure right you know
one of the questions I get asked most
often is what the hell is wrong with you
people why can't you do anything right
and the reason is we didn't use zip
recruiter when we hired our staff zip
recruiter is the way to go if you want
to get competent people that was the
word we left out when we were staffing
the tele water zip recruiter poster jobs
to over 100 of the web's leading job
boards so with just one click and then
zip recruiter actively looks for the
most qualified candidates and invites
them to apply they even review every
application to identify the top
candidates so you never miss a great
match and that's why the zip recruiter
is different because unlike other hiring
sites zip recruiter doesn't depend on
the right candidates finding you it
finds them and believe me the one thing
we don't want is the daily wires the
right candidates finding us because
we've been hiding from them for years
this is no wonder 80% of employers who
post on zip recruiter you get a quality
can
they threw the site in just one day 80%
get their man or woman in one day zip
recruiter is the smartest way to hire
and now now my listeners can post jobs
on zip recruiter for free that is fairly
inexpensive free just go to zip
recruiter dot-com slash daily wire
that's a zip recruiter com
slash daily wire one more time to try it
for free go to zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire you won't even have to spell
Clavin and zip recruiter is the smartest
way to hire today what I would like to
do is read a piece
Joseph Epstein is a good writer
conservative columnist writes into all
the conservative papers the Weekly
Standard Wall Street Journal and he
wrote a piece yesterday and in the op-ed
page on the op-ed page of The Wall
Street Journal that really struck me and
I'm gonna read a fairly substantial
portion of it it is worth listening to
and then I want to address some of the
stuff he says it's called the only good
thing about Donald Trump is all his
policies and he starts out my son Mark
whose mind is more capacious objective
and generous than mine nicely formulated
the Donald Trump problem for thoughtful
conservatives I approve of almost
everything he has done and I disapprove
of almost everything he has said I
second the motion I approve of the Neil
Gorsuch appointment the moving of the US
Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem the
removal of often strangling regulation
from such much Commerce the opening of
the Keystone pipeline the tax reform law
and more I disapprove of the bragging
tweets the touchiness the crude
put-downs of anyone who disagrees with
him little Marco insecure Oprah sloppy
Steve and the rest the unrestrained
vulgarity America has had ignorant
corrupt vain lazy presidents before but
in Donald Trump we have the first
president who is a genuine bore in many
realms of life a bores rude unmannerly
nature can be forgivable a wise
stockbroker who makes his clients lots
of money might get away with being a
bore a boorish winning football coach is
livable if not likeable showbiz has
never been without its bores from jet
George Jessel to Whoopi Goldberg even a
boorish friend is possible if he's also
loyal generous and honourable but a
boorish President of the United States
a problem the presidency like the
monarchy in England has a symbolic along
with a practical aspect the president is
meant to represent the nation at its
best what precisely that means can vary
greatly in a country as wide and
differentiated as ours Dwight David
Eisenhower was a different model of our
best than was Franklin Roosevelt Harry
Truman was a different again and yet in
his own way he represented the country
the obverse of Donald Trump's presidency
for me is that of Barack Obama to flip
my son's formulation I approved of
almost everything mr. Obama said and I
disapproved of almost everything he did
he made a wretched nuclear deal with
Iran initiated a hopelessly cumbersome
health care law deserted Israel at the
United Nations and did more to
exacerbate than to alleviate race
relations yet no hint of corruption no
sexual scandal of any sort clings to mr.
Obama a man who seems a loving husband
and a good father I can easily imagine
myself at lunch with Barack Obama
talking baseball basketball the
University of Chicago the intricacies of
Chicago style machine politics whereas I
cannot think of a single topic I might
take up at a similar meal with Donald
Trump and then he goes on to answer
possible objections now I'm gonna get to
Trump I will talk about Trump and some
of the things that he says there I have
said he is a boorish guy he's rude I
don't like him bullying people I
especially don't like employ people who
are on his side like Jeff Sessions or
you know who might just have a
reasonable honest disagreement with him
but first we have to talk about Barack
Obama
I mean Epstein is right there is no
there's no sexual scandal about Barack
Obama and you know as far as I know good
father good husband I have no way of
knowing what goes on behind closed doors
but if it ain't if it ain't out there in
the open we have to just respect what we
see and I do respect that I do think it
you know what are the things about this
sex scandal thing it was just reading
about this because this is one of the
thing mona Charen and got booed at CPAC
before saying we've been hypocritical in
our treatment of sex scandals when we
went after Bill Clinton but now we don't
go after Donald Trump for some of the
stuff he did Trump wasn't doing it in
the Oval Office which I think
is really important I never went after
Clinton for the sex scandals except to
say what it meant about his character
which I will get to but one of the
things I was just reading about this do
you know that the Greeks and the Romans
had no word that means morality as we
understand it the Greeks had the word
ethic os-- which is ethics and it meant
pertaining to character was how you
tended to behave as a human being and
Cicero translated that into Latin as
Morales but it meant what ethic owes men
and men pertaining to a person's
character when we started using Morales
in English we began to be used as the
more as let you say the moral to a story
so it was practical wisdom what the
moral to the story is a stitch in time
saves nine and then they started to say
well if you had a moral virtue it would
be because you were the kind of person
who provided a stitch in time and saved
nine it was very practical but then it
started to come into use as what the way
we use as morality by the 17th century
the 1600s it meant almost exclusively
sexual morality and one of the things
that always puzzles me is why when we
talk about morality we so quickly go to
the way people behave sexually and I
know that I'm loosey goosey for a
conservative on this it's not that I
think any form of sex is great it's not
even that I don't think God disapproves
it's that I don't think it's my business
to disapprove and what people do in
their private lives I'm not the judge of
sin I know some of you think I am but I
am NOT the judge of sound not the old
man and with the beard living in the
clouds there is one but it ain't me and
and so you know I'm always puzzled by
this I really do think when I talk about
morality I'm using it in its classical
sense as the nature of character so
let's for a minute just examine this
claim that Epstein makes that Obama that
no hint of scandal is that what he said
no hint of scandal yes no hint of
corruption no hint of corruption touched
the Obama administration to my mind what
we have been seen unfold that many in
the press are calling Russia gate has in
fact been Obama Gate it has been the
slow discovery of the scandal that
to the Obama administration from top to
bottom that Obama and the press deny
Obama just the other day was making that
super secret speech to MIT at that
sports gathering and he reiterated this
idea that his administration was
scandal-free so let's take a listen to
that just cut three you can tell when
somebody is putting T first you can tell
whether they are prioritizing the
efforts of the group and are trying to
fit their skills into the success of the
group and I do think that that is a
principle that I pay attention so one of
the things I'm proud of in my
administration was the fact that and I
think these things are connected we
didn't have a scandal that
you'll embarrass us or mistakes we'd
screw up but there wasn't anything so
there wasn't anything venal we were all
for the team we may have screwed up from
time to time but there were no scandal
now what the reason I say Russia gate is
really Obama gate is what it has
revealed which is only the final part of
this picture of Obama as running a
machine like Democrat government and
we've seen machines we saw I lived in
New York at its worst in the 70s the
Democrat machine turn New York into a
crime ridden corrupt unlivable city and
then sort of Lansing the boil during the
Koch administration every corrupt
administrator there was suicides there
were arrests every corrupt administrator
was cleaned out that paved the way for
Giuliani to come in and clean it out
Detroit same thing corruption a machine
Chicago we're seeing it now a corrupt
corrupt Democrat machine that was the
way that Obama ran the federal
government and so it was and the thing
that gets me about it is it was
invisible only because the press didn't
cover it the press I've played that
montage a thousand times I'm not gonna
play it today but the press just said Oh
scandal free the administration was
scandal free and that was part of the
scandal
sometimes when I mentioned this on
Twitter or social media is somebody will
come back and say nobody was indicted
under the Obama administration that was
part of the scandal because the Justice
Department was so corrupt that it wasn't
indicted anybody now first of all let's
just say under this Russia thing what
we've now learned that I think is fair
to say because even the Democrats the
Democrats released their memo and it
didn't really contradict this it's it
said it was contradicting it but it
didn't the FBI used this Oppo research
called the steel dossier this this unn
what's word unvetted unproved
allegations from russians to this guy's
this former British spy steel that was
paid for as Apple research by Hillary
Clinton in the DNC used it to get a
warrant a FISA warrant to spy on an
American citizen who was
had been connected to the Trump campaign
so we know that they were actually
spying on the Trump campaign and they
Democrats released this memo said no no
no but even in the memo they did not
tell the FISA Court what this was they
use such convoluted language to describe
what it was that they didn't just say
hey this is something that Hillary
Clinton paid for to get at Donald Trump
and we have no proof of it and there was
connections between the fusion GPS which
hired steel to get this Russian
information and the State Department and
the Justice Department they were
information going back and forth and
Clinton operatives including Sidney
Blumenthal one of the dirtiest players
okay so a Democrat president is having
the top law agency spy on a Republican
candidate I mean that is obscene it's
absurd it goes way way way beyond
Watergate the state the Clinton
Secretary of State when Hillary
Clinton's Secretary of State she abused
the classified information on her email
so badly that it had to be investigated
but let's for just a minute remember
what happened to that investigation
because the Democrats keep saying well
she wasn't indicted but remember Comey
came out and made a public statement
listing all the indictable things she
did and why did he do it Comey did it
the head of the FBI did it because he
didn't trust the Justice Department
let's go back and just look at that clip
where Comey is asked why he came out and
made this public statement which is
something they never do and why he made
the recommendation that she wasn't going
to be indicted but just remember this is
commis testimony let me go back if I can
very briefly to the decision to publicly
go out with your results on the email
was your decision influenced by the
Attorney General's tarmac meeting with
the former President Bill Clinton yes in
in a ultimately conclusive way that was
the thing that kept it from me that I
had to do something separately to
protect the credibility of the
investigation which meant both the FBI
and the Justice Department were there
are other things that can
to that that you can describe in an open
session there were other things that
contributed to that one significant item
I can't I know the committee's been
briefed on there's been some public
accounts of it which are nonsense but I
understand the committee's been briefed
on the classified facts probably the
only other consideration I guess I can
talk of an open setting is that at one
point the Attorney General had directed
me not to call it an investigation but
instead to call it a matter which
confused me and concerned me but that
was one of the bricks in the load that
led me to conclude I have to step away
from the department if we're to close
this case credibly that's the head of
the FBI testifying that he could not
trust the Justice Department that had
they had rendered themselves incredible
or non credible so he had to come out
and do what he did which was an
extraordinary act and he listed all the
things that were indictable in Hillary
Clinton and then said she shouldn't be
indicted because she had no intent which
was not part of the law and then just
remember that that Loretta Lynch oh yeah
that the Peter struck the adulteress FBI
agent and his his girlfriend were
texting back and forth that Loretta
Lynch had already decided that there was
going to be no indictment when she met
with Clinton that may have been why she
was meeting with Bill Clinton on that
tarmac was to tell him that that he was
gonna be cleared so whether Comey had
told her that which he testified that he
didn't or whether she just knew it
because she wasn't gonna do it according
to this text between these two lovebirds
she already knew that
Fix was already in this is an incredible
incredible depth of corruption but I
want to talk about Obama himself because
we're talking about ethic O's right
we're talking about the character of a
man the way he 10 the kind of thing he
tends to do and it's not just when we
talk about morality it's not just
whether you cheat on your wife I'm
thrilled he didn't cheat on his wife
good for him I don't care it's not my
job to take care of Barack Obama's
private life or Bill Clinton's or Donald
Trump's he is the President of the
United States he's working for me I care
about his ethic OSes character and which
way he tends to go now just what I got
to go back and look at this I know this
is going back
for old stuff but to me one of the worst
scandal probably the worst presidential
scandal of my lifetime is the IRS
silencing conservative voices during
Obama's re-election campaign and
remember that a lot of the scandal
happened then the cover-up of Benghazi
where the national security agents the
National Security Advisor Susan Rice
went on TV five times and lied about the
reason that our guys were killed in
Benghazi that it was about a video it
wasn't a planned terrorist attack was to
cover up for Barack Obama's claims on
the campaign trail that he had decimated
al Qaeda and that was why Hillary
Clinton Secretary of State being you
know position in that administration was
lying about it and why Obama himself
lied so all of this was to get himself
re-elected now the IRS story breaks and
I want to just play what Obama said when
it happened this is the first one this
is cut number six if in fact IRS
personnel engaged in the kind of
practices that have been reported on and
were intentionally targeting
conservative groups then that's
outrageous and there's no place for it
and you know they have to be held fully
accountable okay they have to be held
fully accountable it's outrageous
now one of the things about Obama is
that he was always reacting to the fact
he always was reacting to what he
thought the press was gonna say but
because the press let him off the hook
every single time he got bolder and
bolder and bolder
so that was Obama remember that clip all
right is o rageous they have to be held
accountable now let's just take a look
at Douglas Shulman who was running the
IRS at the time that the targeting took
place they had what was called a bolo
list which means it's from police phrase
be on the lookout right so they were
looking out for organizations with the
word conservative with the word Patriot
with the word Tea Party and they were
holding them up and not giving them the
tax-exempt status they need that would
allow them to speak during Barack
Obama's re-election campaign so here is
Douglas Shulman first goes out and says
this this never happened this was cut
seven there's absolutely no targeting
this is the
back and forth that happens when people
apply now now it comes out that there
was and he knew about it so trey gowdy
goes out this is only gonna play a
little bit of this but this thing goes
on forever trey Gowdy ripped him to
pieces right you knew about this bolo
list what did you do about it let's play
this little bit of that exchange did you
do anything personally to make sure that
this insidious discriminatory practice
was stopped yes or no at the time that I
learned about it
I I also learned two things the first
was that it was being stopped and the
second was that the what did you do to
verify that it was stopped the
responsible deputy of the Internal
Revenue Service told me it was being
stopped I had no reason to believe
otherwise did you investigate
conservative groups were being targeted
excuse me did you investigate so you
can't give me a single name you can't
answer the who can you tell me the why
why we're conservative groups why was
the culture such under your watch that
an employee felt comfortable targeting
conservative groups did you investigate
that you know from my reading of the
report I can't tell if it was political
motivation or if it was tone-deaf
somebody trying to expedite away you
don't know that this was political
excuse me you still don't know that this
was political I defer to the Inspector
General I'll tell you this mr. Schulman
your predecessor said that he wasn't
sure if it was partisan and that
requires the listener to be as stupid as
the speaker he just rips this guy who
knew he said it didn't happen it did
happen and then it turned out that he
knew it happened now this man Schulman
visited the White House during the
campaign more than anybody else he came
he was on record you know going back and
forth into the White House all the time
bill o'reilly had obama on and he went
after him and said why did this happen
and obama said oh it was just about
implementing Obamacare that's all it was
about and here is this now famous
exchange between o'reilly owner obama
where he calls them to account remember
now remember Obama this is outrageous
somebody must be held responsible we now
know that the IRS was lying we now know
they did it and here's Obama what some
people are saying is that the IRS was
used at a local level in Cincinnati
maybe other places shadow everyone you
know that because we still don't know
what happened we do that's not what
happened they focus again I had multiple
hearings on this I mean these kinds of
things keep on surfacing in part because
you and your TV station will promote
them questions bill when you actually
look at the stuff there have been
multiple hearings on it what happened
here was is that you got a 501 C 4 law
that people think is confusing know that
the folks did not know how to implement
well because it basically says to your
shame if you were to rupture at all no
that's not what I'm saying that's
actually no but I want to know what you
were saying you're the leader absolutely
you're saying no corruption not know
there were some there were some
boneheaded decisions Sloan in such out
of a mass corruption not even mass
corruption he's not even a smidgen of
corruption okay so that's the polite
gentlemanly Obama who I admit is a more
graceful speaker than Donald Trump lying
his head off I mean when he said oh you
know there was a law that they didn't
know how to apply that law has been on
the books since I was born that law was
it was in the books since the fifties
the nineteen violent I was born in 1782
so they I mean of no I it was it was on
the books for a long long time so that
is a complete line he's doing it with
the smut and it's all fox news's fault
it's just because your network promotes
these things and remember this was his
that you talk about ethic owes talk
about the nature of his character this
was the way he behaved Jeremiah Wright I
never heard him say those things
20 years 2,000 Sundays in that pulpit
never heard him say it Bill Ayers the
terrorists he was just a guy in the
neighborhood Bill Ayers helped start his
campaign and about this politeness by
the way to his opponents when when the
Supreme Court decided that the founders
of this country had meant to permit gay
right gay marriage in the Constitution
when they wrote the Constitution
it was just it you couldn't see it but
if you held the Constitution up to the
light game the right to gay marriage was
in there you just have to hold it trust
right and only appeared on certain days
but but when they decided that Barack
Obama lit the White House up with a
rainbow now I have I have no problem
with him supporting that position right
he has the right to any to support any
position he so chooses but that was
saying to 50% of the country who very
much held that to be a prince with held
the wrong the wrongness of that decision
to be a principle that was telling them
this White House doesn't belong to you
this White House is no longer white this
is a rainbow White House it doesn't
belong to you now even if you agree with
them even if you agree with the Supreme
Court that's a rude nasty mean stupid
unamerican thing to do and that was part
of Barack Obama's character too he was a
master troll just like the guy who
followed him just like Donald Trump
now I'm gonna end by I went a little
long on this because it's so I just
bears remembering I know he's not
president anymore but remember the press
said this thing was scandal free Joseph
Epstein's in the Wall Street Journal
saying his scandal free Obama in that
speech is not only saying scandal free
he's telling Google and Facebook to
change their algorithm so you can't find
all those nasty fox news reports about
just how scandalous it was so he wants
the silence to continue he wants to
write it into history as much as
possible and obliterate the facts as
much as possible Trump is a bore there's
a Epstein's right he is a bore and more
than that on the issue of ethic OHS the
nature of his character I don't think
it's all that good I mean the way he's
treated his wives his many wives and his
mistresses some of his business
practices that bullying treatment which
really is real you know the way he
treated the candidates he was up against
he was mean it was low this does speak
to character it's more than just
boorishness I think now on the other
side of that the Heritage Foundation a
rock solid conservative organization has
released a report saying that with
unprecedented speed the Trump
administration has already implemented
nearly two-thirds of the 334 agenda
items called for by the Heritage
Foundation a pace faster than former
President Reagan who embraced the
conservative think tanks man
for leadership blueprint there they're
just absolutely delighted with the way
that Trump has acted and remember Trump
hasn't done anything he's talked is
extreme but everything he's done has
been just typical Republican governance
and that the Republicans don't do
typical conservative Republican
governance so it's entirely possible
it's entirely possible that a man whose
character is questionable or has been
questionable in the past is doing good
things for the country and that is
disturbing I mean if that does carry
with it a moral hazard it means that we
have to follow Donald Trump in what he
is doing just as far as we can because
I'm not a Pearl clutter I don't care if
he cheated on his wives I really don't I
think it's a rotten lot low thing to do
I think it does speak to your character
to treat your wives like that but it's
none of my business it's not something
he did in the White House first of all
and second of all it's not what I hired
him to do if you're a heart surgeon and
you're cheating on your wife I don't
care just fix my damn heart you know so
but it does mean it does mean that if we
follow the man if we follow the man and
not the principle if we follow the man
and not the politics if we follow the
man and off the policy we could follow
him right off a cliff and recently I've
been a little worried about Donald Trump
when he starts talking about gun control
and yeah don't worry we'll stand up to
the NRA who supported him so powerfully
during his election when he starts
passing a budget that plunges us into
trillions of dollars of into a trillion
dollars of debt I worried that he's
gonna go back to his Democrat roots I
think you and I have to keep our heads
and keep our hearts we have to keep hold
of our hearts and not just follow the
guy off the cliff if that's the way he
goes for right now I'm not clutching my
pearls I don't care
you know what he is but don't forget it
is pretty Epstein is right at least
about this that a a guy whose character
is questionable doing great things does
present a problem I'm not gonna
surrender the the present victories for
a possible wrong turn in the future that
would be nuts but I am gonna keep
holding my heart and not necessarily
follow him wherever he goes
all right the mailbag is coming up but I
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
calm you can hear the rest of the show
while you're there you know it would be
a good idea subscribe to the website
then you can watch the whole thing right
there and if you subscribe for a year
for a lousy hundred bucks
you get the magical leftist tears tumblr
which does just it's insane it was empty
when I started and now mmm left the
stairs alright alright the mailbag
Andrew just started watching your show
love it so far my question is do you
think that if we start banning assault
rifles it will only lead to more bands
until the Second Amendment is repealed
completely yes that's exactly what I
think that is their intent listen no one
not one person who's over the age of you
know 18 they over the age in the age of
reason not one person thinks banning
those weapons would keep an evil shooter
from getting the weapon that he wanted
nobody thinks that when you sit down and
think about it for a minute
you know that if a bad guy wants a gun
he's gonna get a gun the only thing it
does is it keeps the good guys from
having the guns with which they fight
back that's all it does they don't want
you to have guns because they don't like
you it's the kind of people what they
don't like is the kind of people who
carry guns and the things that those
guns represent because they represent
freedom of the individual the ordinary
guy and they hate that they believe in
the government
governance by experts governance by
bureaucrats governance by essentially
them the elite that is the point and so
yes if you read if you read between the
lines the New York Times yesterday had
an article saying oh you know you may be
supporting somebody who actually invests
in guns so in other words it's going to
be this kind of thing where we boycott
anybody who ever came near a gun
somebody on MSNBC said oh if we could
just get rid of these guns everything
would be great yes don't I wouldn't give
them an inch as far as I'm concerned you
should be allowed to carry a bazooka as
long as you're not as long as you have a
background check and you're not nuts
from William dear mr. Clavin I was
married and lost my wife nearly six
years ago due to mental health issues
I've recently turned 34 and feel as
though time is running out for me to
eventually have a family
my situation is more complex than just
go out and find someone as I take care
of my best friend who is a quadriplegic
veteran who needs full-time assistance I
fully believe God has placed me as his
caretaker and that it's been assigned as
a duty to me with no foreseeable end how
do I build patience for a day that may
never come in regards to having a family
and companionship and be at peace with
the word God has set for me all right
I'm sorry this is signed Liam anyway
first of all it could be that your
situation is tragic you know the whole
thing about tragic situations is that
they're tragic and it may just be that
you are in a position where you can't
find all the things that you think you
should have and you may feel that taking
care of your friend simply is a
full-time job
it's possible and I don't know you I
don't know if this is true I'm just
reading this letter that's all the
information I have it is possible that
you are making some mistaking some
misguided steps you had a wife who had
mental health issues now you have a best
friend that you feel you have to take
care of full-time it may be that this is
part of your character to feel that you
need people who are broken depending on
you it's called being codependent that's
what the the shrinks call it and that
may be a personality trait that you want
to keep it may be a personality trait
that you want to solve because it's
possible I know sometimes when people
are taking care of someone who is is
disabled that the state pays them to do
that so it's possible you're collecting
money for that and it's possible that
money could go to somebody else who
could fill in for you some of the time
and then you don't have to be a
full-time caretaker and could then start
to build your family while still being a
friend to your friend so it's possible
that there's more wiggle room that your
letter then your letter indicates if
there's not and this is what you have to
do full-time and it doesn't give you a
chance to have a family that's something
that's a tragic situation that you're
gonna have to come to accept but it is
possible if you look at your character
that maybe some of these obligations are
self-imposed and could be handled in a
different way that allows you to still
have a life because I don't know I can't
speak for God and I can't speak for you
but I don't know if what God wants is
for you to throw all of your life into
the care for the sky that may not be
true
all right
this this is not signed alright it's not
something for our most revered scholar
and protector of the cosmos Lord Clavin
that is in fact one of my titles that
I'm glad you got that one right
this may be a strange mail but I hope it
isn't too strange for a man as
intellectual and wise as yourself I am a
senior in high school and have been
dated a girl for a year and a half she's
a freshman in college it probably sounds
really ridiculous but I really have felt
that God has been calling me to marry
her for some time now I'm fairly certain
that it's not just a crazy fantasy of
mine because even my own father has told
me about visions he's had of me marrying
my now girlfriend and I have prayed to
God extensively for months about this my
girlfriend and I have discussed it for
months now too and she and even her own
father are all for it so what's the I
would like to know what your thoughts
are on young love getting engaged early
and waiting a few years to get married I
I have nothing against it if you really
you feel if you feel God is telling you
to marry and she feels God is telling
you to marry and all the people around
maybe God is telling you to marry marry
I mean I I don't I don't even understand
what the problem is I guess I guess what
I'm hearing is that the problem is
people say don't marry young and that
may be good advice in general it might
be a good thing to be careful about it
might be a good thing to think about but
it doesn't mean in your particular case
that's true I mean I know this I've had
my marriage is the making of me and the
central joy and consolation
of my life and I did everything wrong I
did every single thing wrong if you look
at what I you know I did it on paper my
wife and I did on paper we frequently
think about this somehow God took care
of it if you really do feel this and you
feel convicted convinced that God is
telling you to do this and she feels
convinced and you love her I my
blessings upon all right from Seth mr.
Clavin what are some examples of
regulations that currently keep the cost
of medical care high is it realistic to
think that a community can cover others
medical and long-term care needs without
federal involvement if so what does this
community structure look like and how
would the community operate to help
others medical needs well first of all
if a community can't cover it why should
the federal government be able to cover
it health care is bottomless the
expenses of health care are bottomless
because you can keep a guy alive forever
does does his viagra get covered does
his anti bald you know medicine get
covered what gets covered and what
doesn't get covered then once you
started it is a bottomless pit and if a
rich guy can afford it and a poor man
can't does the federal government make
up the difference and why why is the
money that you earned why is it being
spent on my health that doesn't really
make sense to me I don't understand why
your earnings that you went out and
worked for that you sacrificed or why
those that money belongs to me but if
you want to talk about some laws or
regulations that I think are
unnecessarily raised the cost of health
care the most important one is the fact
that you can sue doctors at the drop of
a hat and you can sue them for such
catastrophic amounts because of you know
suffering whatever they call it the you
know suffering and whatever you can sue
somebody for your emotional suffering
and and the way I feel that that should
be and that they the reason they
Democrats won't do this is because
they're run by the trial lawyers
Democrats you know trial lawyers and
unions basically run the Democrat Party
Republicans might think about doing this
is that look it's an emotional thing
when a doctor makes a mistake
terrible things happen and you go in
before a jury and the jury says oh yeah
will award you a billion dollars that
means the doctors health insurance goes
skyrocketing that means your cost
skyrocket the way I feel about this is
that it's not malpractice unless you can
show that the guy is actually practicing
badly if a guy makes a mistake and and
you and it costs you I'm not sure you
should be able to sue him the other
thing that right raises prices is
insurance that covers everything
insurance as far as I'm concerned should
only be for catastrophic illnesses
because take a take your car and take
your car to the mechanic and he'll say
to you are you insured and you say no
and you'll say well that'll be 50 bucks
and we'll say well wait I am insured Oh
it'll be 400 bucks because nobody cares
about taking the money from the
insurance companies and that's what
happens with doctors - so there's a lot
of things we could do to bring down
medical costs there are a lot of things
we could do to bring down the cost of
insurance - by allowing competition
across state lines there's absolutely no
excuse for the federal government to
take this over even even though I can
see why it's tempting to do it but I
just don't see why we should live
socialist society when we know what
happens to socialist societies everybody
keeps pointing to England their health
care thing is broke you have to wait
forever Canada come down here to get
good care I think that you know it's
gonna be unfair rich people the rich
they will live in the poor they will die
that is the old song and it's going to
be it's going to be true that rich
people are gonna get better healthcare
no matter what alright from from David
professor Ming the Merciless Clavin odd
is that it's the moustache that gave me
away I am a father of three and have a
great relationship with my kids they can
talk to me about anything in my oldest
as a daughter senior in high school and
is likely moving out next year she's
much more affectionate than I am and
seemingly needs warm closeness from her
father I am quite cold emotionally I
don't call just to say hi I don't hug
too much etc she is very worried that if
when she moves out our relationship will
quickly deteriorate into apathy what
advice can you give me to try and change
my coldness to warmness in order to give
my daughter the confidence that I will
always love her and be there for her you
know the old song love is not something
that you feel it's something that you do
I don't care whether you change your
coldness or miss I care that you get in
touch with your daughter on a regular
basis and that she knows you will I
would make a deal with her and tell her
that you are going to Skype her at least
once a week and maybe text or three
times a week I don't care if you don't
like doing that into you know the hell
with that do you love your daughter do
it you know that's the thing you don't
have to feel good about it it may be
hard to schedule do it don't let her go
away and don't let her don't let her
fears be realized and tell her make a
deal with her that her fears will not be
realized you know that's that's what
that's what dads do dad show up right
you show up if your daughter needs you
to call her once a week all her once a
week that's what dads do and answers
that question right all right let's see
before I run out of time hello Andrew
from Chris do you think social media is
eroding our private lives it seems like
any good time I have is always
undermined by one participant
broadcasting it in some way for outside
viewership there's practically no
escaping it maybe I'm being paranoid but
I just wanted your input no you're not
being paranoid
it's social media it's it first of all
it's not the media it's us it's the
people there's you know the media just
sits there unless we do stuff with it so
I always hate it when they say social
media
video games are doing that it ain't the
media it's us and like you know they're
they always talk about well the video
games make you violent it's like if
you're playing them 12 hours a day sure
they'll make you anything you know play
it a half-hour every now and again it's
not gonna hurt you at all same thing
with social media it is really addictive
it sets off whatever it you know it you
know what it's like it's make-believe
Fame it's make-believe Fame when people
recognize you know I mean one of the
things I loved about being a writer is
you never got recognized but now I'm on
the camera so I get recognized and you
get this little burst of like oh my
goodness I matter in some way I didn't
you know it's all nonsense right you
don't matter anymore
it's absolutely nonsense Twitter does
the same thing it's and all these social
media platforms do the same thing and
they're addictive and people overuse
them i i've talked mostly it's been
girls i don't know why but most mystery
girls will you talk to them and while
you talk to them they're going through
their snapchat thing and they're
pressing like like like like like and of
course i you know i think there's a
reason it is mostly girls but but i
think that yeah i think that that is
damaging i think its damaging when you
go on vacation and every minute has to
be broadcast to the world I think it's
damaging to think that your life matters
so much that everybody has to like it I
think it's damaging not to make your own
judgments about things I'll tell you how
old-fashioned I am i think it's damaging
to take pictures of things when you can
experience them i remember i remember i
was a bullfight once and took pictures
and i just stopped and I said I this is
I'm never gonna go back to this because
it's sadistic mess but I do want to see
it while I'm here I believe that we do a
lot to separate ourselves from the
actual experience of life and social
media is part of it but again it's not
the media it's you is what you're doing
and you can always turn to your friends
as I do frequently and say put that
dance
I'm very annoying about it all right I
think one hop away a lot of time but
I'll take one more quick one
it's hi Andrew I'm a 20 year old male
college student has lived with a
lifelong stutter and it's a very long
letter about how painful and difficult a
stutter is he says I'm practically a
practicing Catholic and I'm currently
reading your memoir the great good thing
as someone who has had a unique and
special road to self-discovery and
fulfillment would you offer any advice
into what I may be able to do to improve
my situation the stutter has base
isolated him you know I I had a good
friend with a stutter and it really is
painful and I don't blame you for you
know for it's a real situation you
really do have to have courage to
overcome it and to overcome your shyness
and courage is really the only thing
that I can suggest except for one other
thing you know John Glenn the great
astronaut and one of the greatest fliers
in the history of aviation I married his
childhood sweetheart I think her name
was Annie and she had a terrible stutter
and she never wanted to leave and he
once famously told the vice president
the United States that he couldn't see
her because she didn't want to be on
television because she had this terrible
stutter she found a place called the
Holland's Communications Research
Institute which didn't get eradicate or
stutter but it really helped her with it
and it might be worth checking out what
they do and whether you can find it in
your locality because there are
treatments for stuttering that do work
and it may be that the people you've
seen so far haven't been the right ones
I mean I look it's painful I don't know
what to tell you except to have courage
and and do what you can do to as much as
you can do to not be to not be isolated
and not be alone because of what is
essentially a an affliction but also
look at look into that look what Annie
Glenn did because she had this to all
her life and I think she was in her 50s
when she went to this place and this is
a very touching story that she called
home she called John Glenn and he burst
into tears because suddenly she wasn't
stuttering she had this really painful
stutter so there is hope and I hope
you'll look it up and if if you find
something that works I hope you'll write
back and let me know all right I'm at a
time tickety-boo news all right I have
to play this because it is just too good
the view was making fun of Mike Pence
the other day and Joy Behar said this
about his religious life and one thing
to talk to Jesus it's another thing when
Jesus talks to you exactly
until illness if I'm not correct that
that's called mental illness Oprah
Winfrey has been asked if she wants to
run for president and this is what she
said I thought well she I've never in my
life ever ever imagined that I would be
in politics and I've always said no no
no no no am I supposed to at least look
at that question because I had enough
people billionaires calling me up saying
I can get you a billion dollars I can
run your campaign and I actually went
into prayer about it like God if you if
you think I'm supposed to run you got to
tell me and it has to be so clear that
not even I could miss it
so Joey boy Herod's accused Oprah
Winfrey basically of being mentally ill
and I think joy owes oprah an apology
but the reason I bring this up is
because the media Research Center has
announced a campaign to hold ABC's
advertisers accountable for the
anti-christian bigotry on the view okay
the view sponsors who they want they you
can go on the media Research Center and
they have a link that will in go to call
the view sponsors and let them know how
upset you are about a show that smears
Christians as dangerous and mentally ill
and the reason I bring this up is
because all week long we've been
listening to people saying they're not
going to give an RA people
discounts anymore and that's pressure
coming from the left and the interesting
thing is FedEx which has refused to
disconnect from the NRA while saying
they disagree with them which is their
right but while refusing to has refused
to disconnect and their business is
going up we all remember chick-fil-a
when they left try to pillory them
because the owner of chick-fil-a doesn't
approve of gay marriage he held his
ground now chick-fil-a is one of the
biggest fast food vendors in the country
the thing is the thing is the left has
more power with these people because the
media gives them a an echo chamber they
have more power than they actually
deserve and I don't that conservatives
are always saying I don't believe in
boycotts why not let's show them who has
the power because I think we're the ones
with the real power and I think joy
behar owes all of us an apology but I
see anything wrong in us fighting back
if this is the way it's going to go you
know I support the NRA and I think that
these businesses are just running scared
of the press not of the people the
people will support their businesses
they support it FedEx as they supported
chick-fil-a but they are running scared
of the press and we need to show them
who has the real economic clout I think
it's us all right
tomorrow who do we have Brian Kilmeade
from Fox and Friends he's going to talk
about his new book about Andrew Jackson
which is a really interesting book by
the way so be here for that
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show and I will see you the
Andrew Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
technical producer Austin Stevens edited
by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by Mike
core Mina hair and makeup is by Jesuit
vera and our animations are by Cynthia
Angulo and Jacob Jackson the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
