the greatest Olympian since we're sip us
is upon us the single greatest Olympian
I don't like the Olympics I don't watch
them I don't care about them I think
usually it's just an excuse for NBC to
say mean things about the country but
one woman is making the Olympic Games
great again here she is trying to get
into this right wall for him if you
weren't watching because you don't
subscribe that was Elizabeth Swaney
who's a 33 year old Harvard graduate not
doing any tricks just kind of going back
and forth on her skis not doing anything
as she made it to the Olympics by
exploiting a loophole in Hungary
she's an American but her grandfather
was Hungarian or something so she
registered in Hungary competed in World
Cup events which were the qualifying
events for the Olympics and she
regularly finished in the top 30 in
Hungary but only because there weren't
30 competitors or because a couple girls
would crash along the way so she just
didn't crash she would not end up dead
last and she would make it I love this I
also love the commentators trying to
take this seriously
where it's like a child just coming up
and down you know but not falling over
this is American ingenuity at its finest
this is trolling at its finest I really
really appreciate it you know she
actually this was Swaney gave an
interview on NBC in which she seemed to
take her mediocre athleticism quite
seriously which I was shocked to see
that's not a good look she sounded maybe
a little bit entitled like an entitled
oblivious millennial from Harvard but I
repeat myself so I don't know how
seriously she takes herself but then I
thought well maybe she's just doing a
perfect troll you know like when I did
the blank book I went on TV and kept a
straight face but I that was like
amateur hour compared to this woman
because she's going on into the news and
saying I am I am a real athlete I'm a
great
so I'm gonna choose to view the
situation that way great toll troll
great stuff and a wonderful way to mock
the Olympic Games and share the rest of
the world that even our most mediocre
countrymen still contribute more to the
international community than the entire
rest of the world great stuff
