you've got your finger on the pulse at
least how is DC warming up to President
Trump there were reports that he was
having trouble staffing early on because
the lifers and the experts were weary of
his administration I know a number of
people who were wary if this
administration it is the swamp finally
embracing the Donald know do not and
what I do think is that there are some
alliances that are forming that are kind
of unavoidable in a way I've been going
into an election cycle like we're about
to now members of Congress who might
have had an instinct early on this to
keep a distance from Trump or thinking
well I'm gonna need a united front on
this and frankly when you see polling
numbers and approval ratings start to
turn around a little bit that gives a
lot of politicians who otherwise have
weak knees a sense of okay maybe I can
throw my lot in with with this guy and
rally my base because really what's
going to happen probably in his election
is the base that's anti Trump will be
inundated with appeals to get out to
vote to convert their friends and
neighbors and so on to vote as well and
so it's going to become a base election
in both in many ways if you look at the
electorate and the way it's distributed
by congressional districts and so on if
you can motivate your base and if your
Trump that means you can win a lot of
districts across the country I think he
won about 240 or so in the last election
lost about I think 23 to Secretary
Clinton and he won twelve districts that
have Democrats him so there were 23
currently sitting Republican districts
that went for Clinton 13 or so they went
for Trump you know if you can basically
rally those areas of the country
together
the Republicans can hold on to a house
majority slim as it might be and the
numbers in the Senate side suggest is
quite a few red states that are and have
Democratic incumbents up as we all know
and you know if these numbers start to
solidify if the tax bill law becomes
much more popular than it has been it's
got it has it has grown in popularity at
least
