what do conservatives want in the age of
Trump fun as it is to talk about how
Michael Moore colluded with the Russians
or how joy Reid colluded with the
Russians or how Barack Obama actually
colluded with the Russians at some point
we should probably talk about actual
public policy and what sort of policy
conservatives should try to wring out of
the Trump administration while we've
still got control of the House and the
Senate we will discuss with the great
Mike Frank research fellow and director
of DC programs at the Hoover Institution
former policy director and counsel for
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and
from 1997 to 2013 VP of government
relations for the Heritage Foundation
where he managed all of the think tanks
outreach with Capitol Hill and the White
House Mike has also served as
communications director for former House
Majority Leader Dick Armey and in roles
at the US Department of Education and
the Office of National Drug Control
Policy
Mike's appointment by majority leader
McCarthy was widely hailed as a win for
conservatives and a sign that the GOP
leadership would stop being so squishy
which is something we all frequently
hope for that's a very very good thing
in other news after we speak to Mike we
will discuss Democrats taking a page out
of the Hamas handbook and using
traumatized children as human shields to
deflect criticism and smooth their pass
for incoherent gut grabbing legislation
a Catholics take on Billy Graham the
late Billy Graham and the greatest
Olympians since or sip us
I am Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Noel's show
we have got to get to Mike very quickly
but one thing I will say one thing with
Mike Frank one of one of the great
people in DC one of the few great people
in DC perhaps is he's served many roles
in his career and a lot of us serve many
roles in our careers these days because
it ain't the 40's anymore and you're not
gonna work at the plant for 60 years and
get a pension so what you need to do is
make sure that you have a lot of new
skills and that brings me to a wonderful
sponsor it helps keep the lights on here
and doesn't make me use my other skills
for when we inevitably get fired is a
skill share skills share is a wonderful
sponsor and a great program skill share
is an online learning platform with over
18,000 classes in design business
technology and more I really like skill
share because you can take classes right
from your home I am a millennial I
refuse to go anywhere to do anything
I am fused with all of my sitting
devices you can take classes from your
home or from your office in graphic
design social media marketing
illustration mobile photography you name
it they've got it I'm looking at one on
time management so it's not just these
things where you have to learn about you
know this specific program or you want
to learn how to do spreadsheets you can
really do anything they have a huge
array of classes over 18,000 classes
available so whether you're trying to
deepen your professional skill set and
look if you're listening to my show or
watching my show you probably need to
deepen your professional skill set just
a safe bet or are you trying to start a
side hustle because it's 2018 and people
need to have a wide variety of skills
maybe you just want to explore a new
passion skill share is there to help you
keep learning and thriving I really like
using this the in part because when I go
home I can either turn on the television
and just stare at some mindless nonsense
from Hollywood and just kind of look
slack-jawed you know just like this from
there just hours and hours and hours or
I can do something with my time the
precious moments that the good Lord has
given us and actually improve myself and
improve my prospects in the world
Skillshare is very good for that join
the millions of students already
learning on Skillshare today with a
special offer just for my listeners you
will get two months of Skillshare for
Justin
99 cents that is basically free you
would be very foolish not to take
advantage of this offer Skillshare is
offering Michael and all show listeners
two months of unlimited access to over
18,000 classes for just 99 cents so it's
not gonna be one of those things where
you pay your 99 cents and you get in the
system and then they say ok you can take
these 3 classes on Indonesian cooking
and anything else you have to pay a lot
of money for this is unlimited 18 over
18,000 classes to sign up go to
Skillshare comm / michael mi CH AE l
again go to Skillshare comm / michael mi
CH AE l this is now if you work for
starbucks if by any chance you work for
a coffee house or anything around la i
know that there are very creative ways
to spell Michael you might spell it with
like a K or 7 Q's or something like that
it is mi CH AE l to start your two
months now that is Skillshare comm /
michael okay let's speaking of Michaels
let's get to Mike Frank Mike thank you
for being here doing it very well last
time I saw you we were in sunny Palm
Beach doing a panel on the future of
conservatism with a couple hecklers in
the audience calling us weasels and now
we're we are such impressive weasels I
hope that we can now talk about the
future of conservatism under President
Trump and in this new era moving forward
so my first question to you how is
President Trump doing on policy in three
levels compared to what we expected from
him compared to what we could have
expected from other Republican
presidents if somehow Marco Rubio or Ted
Cruz won Michigan or Pennsylvania and
compared to what we expected from former
future president Hillary Clinton well in
the last point unmitigated success if
you do that comparison on the second
point I think that there's a sort of two
tribes in Washington right now the
Republican tribe the Democratic tribe
Trump sort of did a hostile takeover in
some phase of the Republican tribe and
he's stuck with them in other words
there aren't a lot of people who will
cross over anymore from one tribe to the
other you may have been 30 40 50 years
ago
and as a result the kind of people he's
been appointing to the agencies the
kinda nom judges he's nominating to the
federal courts folks who'd be nominated
to the independent agencies all those
kind of appointments have been drawn
fairly I'd say 80 to 90 percent from the
same pool of people that any of the
other what 15 or 16 candidates who were
vying for the Republican nomination who
would have been drawn from them as well
so it's a you know with whether it's
Pruitt at EPA whether it's the kind of
cabinet officials he's named across the
board you Jim mattis
so those kinds of individuals not to
mention Justice Gorsuch are straight and
straight from the you know from the core
Republican playbook as far as who should
be running what agencies and the kind of
policies they've been implementing and
the kind of advice they've been giving
to lawmakers on Capitol Hill are very
much in line with that and I think to
the extent that he's exceeded my
expectations it's largely been in that
area where he's deregulated quite a bit
the tax bill about as good as one could
expect given the kind of political cross
pressures you get on class warfare
issues and so on it was an
extraordinarily pro-growth corporate
reform in a lot of different ways on the
individual side it was a mixed bag but
unbalanced did some pretty good things
and we can talk about so he's exceeded
my expectations and in that regard do
you think because you bring up this
great point of tribalism one of my fears
with President Trump I think a lot of
people's fears was that he would make a
deal with Democrats he would compromise
his true blue New Yorker ISM would come
out and he'd be wheeling and dealing
with Chuck Schumer he is it the case
that now because he picked a team and
because the other side is dug in their
heels so much that actually partisan
tribalism is preventing Donald Trump
from moderating or losing his
conservative credibility you know that's
one way to look at it I think there's
been a couple of instances so far where
the president has offered things to
Senator Schumer to Minority Leader
Pelosi
and they just haven't been able to say
yes even though I think privately they
probably were inclined to want to say
hey we can get 30 40 or 50 percent of
what we're looking for here let's cut a
deal their base is so uniformly hostile
Tory President Trump that they have not
allowed their leaders on Capitol Hill to
cut these deals with so in some ways
they're kind of unmitigated hostility to
our president Trump has forced the the
Republican tribe to gather together you
know sort of circle the wagons and say
what can we get done with our own
numbers and one of the things for
example that has happened is we're
seeing more and more erosion of the
supermajority standards in the US Senate
in ways that will facilitate more
judicial nominations of people trouble
will put forward in a couple of you
years ahead so yeah you know sometimes
you have to be able to say take yes for
an answer when you're demanding
something that's what I haven't been
doing that I figured when he offered to
legalize 1.8 million illegal aliens the
Democrats have been harping on for years
I thought they might take yes for an
answer but their base won't allow them
and it is funny when people harp on
about the swamp in many ways the swamp
say mwah
you know people could look in the mirror
and the politicians are just doing what
their constituents demand of them what
what do you think look at looking
forward what do you think the
president's policy goals from now until
2020 and perhaps a different question
what should be the president's policy
goals from now until the re-election
what do you think they should be well
he's made a good downpayment on tax
reform I would suggest that if there's a
second phase the tax reform in a
nutshell it would relate to the fact
that it's not discussed a lot but the
percentage of tax filers who currently
itemize I mean this will be the last
year for this is something like a little
over a quarter I believe 30% range some
estimates have the number of people who
will itemize meaning they actually take
deductions they care about the mortgage
interest deduction the state and local
did
and charitable deductions that percent
is likely to come in below 10%
nationwide and probably below 5% in a
lot of states so what that really means
politically is that a lot of politicians
will go back home and find that almost
nobody cares anymore about those big
heretofore you know third rail aspects
of the tax cut if that's true then phase
two of tax reform could actually be very
ambitious and say look well we're gonna
quit further reduce rates we're going to
further broaden the base by limiting or
getting rid of entirely some of these
other deductions we're going to increase
a standard deduction even more and we're
basically basically going to get you
know several steps closer to you know
supply-side flat tax nirvana
okay that's one - people don't really
appreciate the extent to which the
administrative state meaning the the
agencies that interpret federal law and
create regulations and regulatory
obligations on the part of individuals
and businesses and all the kinds of
entities the extent to which that that
side of government has grown by leaps
and bounds in the last few decades in
fact we're on a trajectory where it
won't be that much longer before the
total estimated annual cost of
regulations is going to be greater than
how much the IRS brings in in tax
revenue so if you think in file taxes
it's been an easy area to kind of
quantify and think about and get angry
about well regulations ordered generous
are the same juices negatively speaking
when people start to get their hands
around that it's a harder thing to
illustrate because it's more hidden in a
way the taxes are but I think reforming
the administrative state is a lot of
good proposals along those lines that's
that's item number two in my agenda and
there's a lot of ways in which the
executive branch can give away give back
some of the authority is its glommed on
to itself it's also an unnatural act for
a branch of our government
willingly and voluntarily concede
authority in power Trump seems to be
inclined to do that a lot of his
appointees are inclined to do that so
here's you know fingers crossed that
this might actually be number two a big
on the agenda and the third thing this
is on the domestic side too really is
entitlements and people your age my your
you know you could be paying from my
retirement thank you very much
right yeah yeah I didn't volunteer to do
that you're welcome exactly right but
those numbers keep getting worse and
worse and basically what it amounts to
is that the promises that the government
is made to Americans of all ages
especially those from about eh you know
forty five fifty and older are well in
excess of the ability we will have in
the future to pay that so that the gap
measures in the tens of trillions and it
just it's gonna come home this chickens
will come home to roost at some point
and it's gonna be sooner rather than
later and that's something the sooner
you address that the better off we will
all be in the end and of course
politically it's very hard and so long
as there are organizations that want to
run ads showing you know Paul Ryan
throwing a senior citizen in a
wheelchair all right cliff right as long
as the politicians want to avoid those
kinds of ads they'll find excuses not to
confront this frontally but I think
that's probably the next big thing we
have to do beyond regulatory reform and
tax further tax reform and if that's
gonna be more than anything else have to
be bipartisan of course and that you
know on the on the first point with the
administrative state I was able to meet
Antonin Scalia a couple of times in
college and he we asked him what the
greatest threat to Liberty was and he
said the greatest threat to Liberty in
the United States is the administrative
state these unaccountable headless
godless bureaucracies right that don't
have to be responsive to the American
people and we even asked him we said
well what about states rights what about
federalism what about this he said why
are you asking me about federalism I'm a
Fed I have absolutely no incentive to
reduce the power of the federal
government just as you say there is I
suppose some hope with a wrecking ball
like Donald Trump that he doesn't
particularly care about the accumulation
of power in the executive despite all of
the warnings that he would be a tyrant
or an authoritarian or something he does
seem willing to just knock it all to
rubble and that'd be very good on
entitlement reform this is an issue I've
worried about for a long time because I
don't want to pay for your retirement
and of course it's been decades and
decades and it's always seemed to me
like generational theft like the baby
boomer generation spending money that
they don't have that we were going to
have to pay back it's it's considered
the third rail of politics and no one's
willing to touch it any Republican who
does try to touch it is immediately
demagogue Paul Ryan probably leading the
way mitch Daniels gave a speech at CPAC
a few years ago where he said we're
facing a new Red Menace this one
consisting of ink what is the likelihood
going into the campaign President Trump
said that he wouldn't touch Social
Security wouldn't touch entitlements but
President Trump says a lot of things on
the campaign trail what do you think the
odds are that in this administration or
soon thereafter we actually get
entitlement reform whether that's means
testing whether that's raising the age
whether that's changing the benefit in
some way 20 years ago the stars seem to
have been in a line alignment to do just
that there was a bipartisan Commission
created before Medicare there were all
kinds of serious proposals on both sides
of the political spectrum that were
trying to help design methods who saw
that and then Monica Lewinsky showed up
on the scene and both sides went to
their respective corners and all those
reform impulses went away to nanosecond
so the point being that you kind of need
to have the right moment arise and need
to have a few people out there who can
transcend the partisan divide and say
this is something we have to do as a
country and it's going to require some
give and take on both sides now the
thing about entitlements frankly is that
you can do it in a couple different ways
you can reduce the benefits for the
people who are eligible you can increase
the revenue that's supposed to come in
to fund it you know or you can do some
kind of combination of the two well the
problem here is that for the people on
the political left is that you can only
do so much on the tax side before you
really start to you know eat into the
seed corn for future prosperity almost
all of the reforms would have to be on
reforming the amount of benefits that go
out
and conditions under which they go out
and not in creating some kind of
unsustainable debilitating increase in
the tax burden so in a way if you're on
the right you're you're you're about 90
to 95 percent going to get reforms that
will reduce future government outlays in
ways that will hopefully protect the
core purpose behind these entitlements
basically to prevent older folks from
going into really the ugly forms of
poverty without bankrupting everybody
along the way that makes perfect sense
do you anticipate that being at all
likely in this administration or do you
think not in the short term at all
frankly but I do think you have to be on
the lookout for politicians who can
speak that language and might show up on
the scene saying you know I'm going to
may be offensive my colleagues and my
party caucuses and go out there and
start forming alliances with people on
the other side and frankly there aren't
a lot of them now the ones that have
shown up that I thought might fit that
role tend to go into a partisan quarter
very quickly given the nature of
Congress these days but it's gonna have
to happen and it's gonna have to happen
sooner rather than later you know it's
funny on that point of throwing granny
off the cliff a friend of mine and I who
were on the draft mitch Daniels campaign
in 2012 we aired a TV ad shortly
thereafter where it was the same as the
Democrats ad where Paul Ryan throws
grannie off a cliff except it was Nancy
Pelosi throwing or Barack Obama or
somebody throwing a baby in a stroller
off a cliff but Democrats don't have any
problem with that so it didn't it didn't
catch on unfortunately but also younger
people and historically have not been as
motivated to defend their side of that
argument it's always been people you
know my age and older who the
organizations are there could scare into
some kind of active involvement
communicating to their member of
Congress and you know keep the
government's hands off my Medicare or
Social Security right right and and that
tends to work more much more politically
than does the alternative of getting
younger people motivated in fact most
young people when polled don't think
they're gonna get anything anyway from
there so there's an irony sort of
cynical and realistic of
that right yeah now on in terms of
bridging the gap and and all of this
being able to really operate in this DC
mode you've been in DC for a while
you've been very successful in DC you've
accomplished a lot of things and all of
these conservative institution here a
long time you've got your finger on the
pulse at least how is DC warming up to
President Trump there were reports that
he was having trouble staffing early on
because the lifers and the experts were
weary of his administration I know a
number of people who were weary of this
administration it is the swamp finally
embracing the Donald no do not and what
I do think is that there are some
alliances that are forming that are kind
of unavoidable in a way I've been going
into an election cycle like we're about
to now members of Congress who might
have had an instinct early on is to keep
a distance from Trump or thinking well
I'm gonna need the United Front on this
and frankly when you see polling numbers
and approval ratings start to turn
around a little bit that gives a lot of
politicians who otherwise have weak
knees a sense of okay maybe I can throw
my lot in with this guy and rally my
base because really what's what's gonna
happen probably in his election is the
base that's anti-trump will be inundated
with appeals to get out to vote to
convert their friends and neighbors and
so on to vote as well and so it's gonna
become a base election in both in many
ways you look at the electorate and the
way it's distributed by congressional
districts and so on if you can motivate
your base and if you're Trump that means
you can win a lot of districts across
the country I think he won about 240 or
so in the last election lost about I
think 20 53 to Secretary Clinton and he
won 12 districts that have Democrats so
there were 23 currently sitting
Republican districts that went for
Clinton 13 or so they went for Trump you
know if you can basically rally those
areas of the country together the
Republicans can't hold on to a house
Majority slimmers of might be and the
numbers in the Senate side suggest is
quite a few red states that are
and have Democratic incumbents up as we
all know and you know if these numbers
start to solidify if the tax bill law
becomes much more popular than it has
been it's gotten more popular as it was
grown in popularity at least sure I mean
it when it was windows passed and voted
on most people were being told this is a
tax increase
so they said when asked by a pollster do
you like it or not like it oh this is a
tax increase I'm against it now they're
starting to find out that it's leading
to some reduction in their tax burden
but it's also leading their employers to
say look we have more revenue coming in
because the lower rates on corporate
profits and we have other kinds of
immediate expense and we can do invest
in equipment and so on
so we're going to expand our factory
floor production we're going to hire
more workers we're going to give raises
put more money into 401k plans and
retirement accounts hey this this bills
pretty good it's not what I was told it
was gonna be so I think only 24% of
Americans on the day that it was signed
into law thought they were giving a tax
cut and we all know that number
according to some estimates as high as
80% so as more and more people realize
that their initial expectation was off
and they can be pleasantly surprised
when you create a very low bar right in
general for a politician it's easy to
exceed it and if the bar is very high by
the way that's a that's a I think if
theme for the Democrats and Trump they
they define him to be basically a
fascist racist who as always horrible
you know personal as an idiot so not
just a fascist and racist but also in
mentally incompetent mentally unstable
you know oh if he exceeds any of those
some of those he's already exceeded
expectation so it's a very easy bar to
surmount I'm not sure why they're doing
it that way but that's their chosen path
well it's funny I remember Bill Clinton
and George W Bush both did a forum and
they talked about a one of the political
advantages they had is that they both
played a little bit dumber than their
mark Linton played like a real nice guy
hey I feel your pain and George Bush you
played a little dumber than his market
and helped them and clearly in the eyes
of the mainstream media and the
Democratic Party
Donald Trump has raised this to a high
art form oh yeah I mean so he's if he
continues where he is
Colet I saw pulled with the rasmussen 48
percent approval you know that's
embarrassing since generally in their
general ballpark or the other polls so
if the Trump maintains a high 40s even
for liberty that's about where Obama was
for a long part of his eight years right
you never know I mean if you if they're
concentrated in certain 48 percent
nationwide might translate in a 55 or 60
percent in certain key competitive
congressional seats well if you have a
pretty good approval rating above water
in those places you might he might
sustain you know and retain a lot of
seeds for his his party base now how do
you think looking at these first 13
months cuz something that has bothered
me a little bit about the Trump critics
on the right is that I think they're
missing the forest for the trees and
they were focused on how he sips of
Chardonnay rather than tax reform rather
than regulatory reform or whatever in
these first 13 months how do you think
Donald Trump's administration compares
with past Republican administrations
Eisenhower Nixon Reagan the bushes part
of Clinton I guess there is one thing
I'll say that I don't like about the way
the president operates which is a lot of
Americans and I'll give you some
examples of you know my mom happens
being a nurse you know and most of the
people who work there are these
wonderful hard-working folks from Sierra
Leone and Ghana and Ethiopia countries
like that and they're very polite but
when we talk about this and President
Trump in particular is that you know I
wanted I want a president is more
presidential I want someone I can look
up to and admire and be inspired by and
they're not getting that at a president
Trump and I think that's that's a
problem in a lot of ways because there
is a kind of psychological side to what
a president supposed to do that can
inspire and elevate and and make people
you know better and more hard-working
and more proud of their country in some
ways oldest discord I think it's in a
way of that and I wished like a lot of
other people it would turn off the
Twitter account and focus on being more
inspiring and being a leader
in a more traditional sense and it just
may be you know my age speaking here but
it kind of wonder like how how can you
Altima you know can convert people to
the things that I think are better
policies and better outcomes for
Americans if if your style is getting in
the way of having that conversation with
somebody and opening up their eyes and
their hearts and their souls to a better
a better path forward to prosperity
elevating your family and your kids and
giving them a shot at a good future all
those things sometimes require the the
non you know policy something the BD the
evangelical inspirational side of being
a president i one does maybe complain
III totally see that complaint i I'm a
big defender of the Twitter I love the
Twitter not because I like the style per
se I'm not defending that but I think
that the mainstream media have become so
viciously corrupt in a way that we
didn't even see during the Bush years or
even during the Clinton years they
become so viciously partisan
particularly the Washington Post and CNN
and the New York Times that I I wonder
if we just need this wrecking ball and I
long for the days of Ronald Reagan and
morning in America and this genteel more
dignified conservatism but I wonder if
before we can get that again we need
this bulldog who speaks like he's from a
construction site to go in and smack CN
n around me maybe I'm putting lipstick
on a pig but I I get a real joy out of
it because Barack Obama in so many ways
looked like a president in so many ways
sounded like one he went on TV with
Chris Wallace he's at crisp we we are
not abusing our powers Chris full stop I
assure you and he really you really I
even have to question myself because now
we know for a fact he was lying through
his teeth but he was such a good actor
that I still I don't know whether to
trust you know the reality you know my
lyin eyes or what he's telling me and I
wonder if there's something about the
the just the fact of what Donald Trump
is doing that this gets to my my real
question here which is is it fair to
call Donald Trump
a man who speaks brash Lanie's from New
York and he's donated to Nancy Pelosi
and he you know it didn't come up
through the Bill Buckley School of
conservative education is it fair to
call him a conservative I wouldn't call
him conservative I think I think a lot
of what he's doing is situational ethics
in a sense and he is aligning with his
his tribe as we talked about at the
beginning of this and I think if he had
sense that there was an opening in the
Democratic field when he came that down
that escalator that day he might have
been announcing that he'd run as a
Democrat I I don't get the sense that
he's had this any firm ideological you
know groundings for for his life I grew
up in New York City and Donald Trump's
always been background noise in my life
ever since he fixed the ingles rink in
Central Park when I think in high school
you know and so he's done some effective
things and so on but I would not call
him principled conservative and my
earlier point Mike is I think that we
need someone needs to do the the
inspirational sign things and you know
maybe it's not the president maybe
someone else but but I don't think you
can leave that vacuum out there and
expect that young people who are just
coming in and being exposed to politics
for the first time are gonna be able to
kind of latch on to an idea and a way of
expressing it the way I did when I was
coming into this part of my life it was
late 1970s New York City was really
failing and I started reading and
learning about alternatives to the kind
of policies that we were being told were
just the new normal and you had to get
used to crime was okay that the Bronx
was Bernie because that's the way things
are stagnation is normal yeah and and
people started offering different ideas
and this guy named Ronald Reagan came
along and a lot of people inspired by
him like a jack camp and so on we're out
there offering an alternative vision
that to me was very inspiring and I know
to a lot of my peers same way who's
doing that right now with you know for
younger people and who were thinking or
people who just become citizens who are
open to these ideas and can be really
easily converted into being principled
and lifelong conservatives I I think
that's missing and I kind of I wish you
weren't the case I do see that because
when I go to the Reagan Library which I
do frequently I cannot get through that
library without shedding a tear I can't
get you're so unbelievably inspiring to
do that and I wonder about the Trump
library what that experience will be
like and and the one thing that gives me
great comfort is I know that Democrats
won't be able to get through it without
shedding a tear and those are different
kinds of tears it is I suppose it's a
pleasure for 2018 because that this
Twitter aspect I think the reason Donald
Trump has been so effective on Twitter
is that he's so authentic on Twitter you
get this feeling that you are getting
this guy's gut reaction and I actually
know it's fairly authentic because what
he tweeted my blank book when he
endorsed my blank book it wasn't some
grand plan by the White House he tweeted
it and as I was on television he saw it
happening on television tweeted a couple
things from it I know it was happening
in real time
that's why it's so nice and you even see
this with movie stars now movie stars
used to be so removed from the public
but now the movie stars they're in your
face
they're yelling at you on Instagram and
doing all this political stuff and it is
a little more shallow it is a little a
to tangible little too real there's
nothing where you're really looking up
at the big screen anymore I wonder if
this is just a fact of the culture in
2018 I wonder if Donald in this way I've
wondered too I like to read a lot of
history you know and I'm wondering when
the histories of Donald J Trump are
being written in the future and they're
being sourced by some renowned historian
at a major university are they going to
be all citing to Twitter there's not
gonna be that can be signing to Diaries
or letters formal documents whatever
none of Aska to be available it's going
to all be whatever the Twitter feed
generated and I imagine someone
somewhere is capturing and saving all
the official presidential documents when
it's a private right okay I don't know I
don't know what the legalities are at
this but someone's collecting it and
that's what the historians will be
working off of it 3:23 in the morning
here's what the president tweeted you
know this could be a different kind of
history you know Ronald Reagan had all
of those great love letters that have
been uncovered that he wrote to Nancy
could you imagine or just hey Nancy you
up question mark smiley emoji that
basically it's gonna be well that says a
lot about the culture now but you know
we only get one day at a time and if if
we've gotten this first good year out of
trump even as a matter of situation I
suppose hope springs eternal in the
human breast and maybe we can wring a
little bit more Liberty out of this
great nation before it finally smoulders
into eternity what you think about it
contrast
Trump to Reagan in a way trumps come in
as president with an infrastructure of
like-minded and generally meaning party
Republicans right of center thinking
ensconced at the state level all the
governors in the state legislative
chambers majorities in the House and
Senate when Ronald Reagan came in the
conservative movement was very much a
new and developing
thing and then there was some Congress
to it who may not have really understood
the details but the president President
Reagan was pretty much leading a parade
that was forming behind him anew whereas
trumps coming in and inheriting a very
well-developed
and deep movement but what it lacks
right now yeah I think it's like I said
earlier is the inspiration and the kind
of appeal to people that will cause
realignments and conversions to occur
sure I see that and well you know listen
we're only in the first year maybe we'll
get a little more out of it at least at
least I'm grateful for we've gotten so
far and maybe we can maybe we can hope
that during the Trump presidential
library by the end of it we'll get two
kinds of tears I think that's overall I
think we're we're we're will the Trump
Presidential Library located as moral
yeah thank you so much for being here we
here we got to hop out Mike Frank we got
to bring you back because you are the
expert on all of these things thank you
very much now we have got to get on to
the musical before we do that I got to
tell you but a couple things all right
now look you might be looking at me you
say Michael you got these horrible bags
to your eyes why is that well it's
because I didn't get my requisite 20
hours of sleep last night you know how I
could have gotten my requisite 20 hours
of sleep if I had left the cigar bar a
little sooner and if I paid more
attention to helix sleep this wonderful
new company look I've moved around a lot
from New York Connecticut California and
I always sell my mattress and I got to
go buy a new mattress and it's just
awful to try to find that is one of the
most frustrating experiences especially
cuz I have to leave my couch which is
not something I like to do as a
millennial helix sleep right now offers
you something that no one else does
there are a lot of online mattress
retailers popping up these days that's
good at least you can stay on your couch
but they all have this one-size-fits-all
solution to a better sleep well guess
what one size does not fit all
helix sleep offers something that
doesn't exist anywhere else a mattress
personalized to your unique preferences
and sleeping style that will not set you
back thousands of dollars go to helix
sleep comm slash Knowles kano wles take
their simple two to three minutes sleep
quiz I don't do anything on earth that
takes more than five minutes this show
is the only thing I do that takes more
than five minutes so go there it'll be
very quick and painless they will build
you then a custom mattress it will be
the best thing you've ever slept on for
couples they even personalize each side
of the mattress I'm hoping they send me
a wedding gift you know when I would
sweet little niece and I get married
because as you all know I always prefer
a firm mattress Elise's preference as a
mattress that I'm not on and maybe helix
sleep will be able to create that
everyone from GQ to Cosmo to the New
York Times or talking about helix sleep
and once you try it out you will know
why your mattress arrives direct to your
door in a week shipping is completely
free try it for 100 nights if you don't
love it they'll pick it up and refund it
in full there's no reason not to do it
if if you know you like future me or
sleeping on a curb somewhere least you
get a hundred nights on a great mattress
so there's no reason not to try and no
risk for trying it go to helix sleep
calm slash Knowles que no wles right now
you will get $50 towards your custom
mattress helix sleep comm slash Knowles
que no wles
for $50 off your order don't say I never
did anything for you
helix sleep comm slash Knowles okay we
got a second bite of Facebook
YouTube I say goodbye to YouTube a long
time ago but I'll say goodbye to
Facebook if you are on a daily wire calm
right now thank you
you help keep the lights on and Co FFA
in my mug if you are not please go there
it is $10 a month or $100 for an annual
membership what do you get me the Andrew
Klavan show the Ben Shapiro show the
conversation next time starring the big
boss ben shapiro himself
you get no ads on the website all that's
great blah blah blah they're gonna start
construction of the Donald Trump
Presidential Library very soon when you
go you will not be you will drown by the
final exhibit unless you have the left
is tears tumblr this is the only way
that you're going to be able to see it
it is going to be huge it is going to be
beautiful it is gonna be a big beautiful
Presidential Library but unfortunately
it will flood and all be for naught if
you don't have your leftist tears tumblr
the only FDA approved vessel to carry
salty delicious leftist tears so go to
daily wire comm we have so much more to
talk about the Florida kids who are
being pimped out by the left-wing press
and the Democratic Party the great Billy
Graham and and more but be sure to come
back and visit us go to daily wired.com
we'll be right back
this is really despicable that's what's
being done with these Florida students
it is so awful
these Florida students are being
manipulated by the mainstream media and
Democrat activists to push a gun control
agenda a completely nonsensical gun
control agenda that would not have
prevented this shooting or others there
are now walk outs that are being staged
these kids are being thrown on TV
constantly and Litton and by TV I mean
CNN I'm not talking about actual news
channels I'm talking about CNN I have
tried to avoid talking about this and
writing about these kids because I feel
very bad for them
I feel bad obviously because they've had
this trauma and also because they're
being used in the same way that Hamas
uses kids as a human shield so that any
criticism you could make of Democrats
nonsensical proposals is considered
hateful and it looks like you're
attacking kids it's so despicable and
disgusting what the Democrats are doing
here but look if someone's going to
enter the public sphere and inject
himself into a public conversation we
have to grapple with that we have to
respond to that we have to talk about
that even if he's a high school senior
even if he's being exploited by adults
around him like his parents and like the
politicians were pimping him out who
should know a lot better without any
further ado here is Marjory Stoneman
Douglas high school senior David hog
people are gonna keep saying oh this is
just another shooting it's never gonna
happen to me or what happens is when you
don't take action things like this
eventually will happen to you
and that's not acceptable and that's why
calling people to stand up talk to the
congressman talk to people and don't
stop fighting because the children will
continue to die if we don't take a stand
now what we really need is action
because we can say yes we're gonna do
all these things thoughts and prayers
what we need more than that is action
please this is the 18th one this year
that isn't true this isn't the 18th one
this year this isn't even the fifth and
even if you're just judging by a gun
accidentally going off near a school
yeah I don't even think it's the fifth
they're pretending now that the United
States has the it's the only Western
country with mass shootings it has the
most mass shootings in any Western
country the United States isn't even in
the top ten of Western countries with
mass shootings it so everything this kid
is saying just isn't true
and but then the political implications
of what he's saying that we need to do
something and if you're not doing
something then you're somehow
endangering the lives of children or
endangering American lives is a lie and
it's a calumny it's just not it's so
awful to even say that because Oprah
tweeted this out today she said we have
to do something enough the implication
being if you oppose whatever gun
grabbing laws they want to pass you're
you're a monster or you don't care about
human suffering what law what law do you
want I I asked Oprah this I would ask
this kid this but I just feel so bad
that he's being pimped out by the
irresponsible adults around him that
there is there isn't a law that could be
passed short of banning guns I suppose
and even then that wouldn't work there
isn't a law that could be passed that
would prevent this shooting or shootings
like it there just isn't one there were
more guns than people in this country so
even repealing the Second Amendment
isn't practical even repealing the
Second Amendment repealing the right to
keep guns like they did in Australia
didn't result in all the guns going away
only a third if people surrendered their
guns it not not even most people
surrendered their guns in this country
there were more guns than people that
wouldn't happen
what about any of the slew of gun
control laws proposed by Democrats in
ten years even the left-wing Washington
Post admits they wouldn't have prevented
these shootings it is it's really
disingenuous and we shouldn't say oh
that's nice oh you mean well they don't
mean well they don't mean well they're
they're pushing lie after lie on
television they're exploiting children
on television and they're impugning the
character and the motives of half of
their countrymen and they're trying to
remove a civil right that is basic to
the american country that is basic to
our constitution that was consider there
was a great debate over whether it
should even be included in the Bill of
Rights because it should be taken for
granted it was so obvious that people in
this country in a free country have the
right to defend themselves have the
right to arm themselves a really really
despicable and all of the adults around
these kids should feel deep deep shame
and and reconsider what they're doing
because this isn't going to age well
this is not going to age well in ten
years or 20 years it's really awful like
I can't but I'm surprised even by
Democrats
at how low they've fallen with this
regard okay now we've got to get to a
much happier story the greatest Olympian
since we're sip us is upon us the single
greatest Olympian I don't like the
Olympics I don't watch them I don't care
about them I think usually it's just an
excuse for NBC to say mean things about
the country but one woman is making the
Olympic Games great again
here she is dropping in trying to get
into this right wall for him if you
weren't watching because you don't
subscribe that was Elizabeth Swaney
who's a 33 year old Harvard graduate not
doing any tricks just kind of going back
and forth on her skis not doing anything
as she made it to the Olympics by
exploiting a loophole in Hungary
she's an American but her grandfather
was Hungarian or something so she
registered in Hungary competed in World
Cup events which were the qualifying
events for the Olympics and she
regularly finished in the top 30 in
Hungary but only because there weren't
30 competitors or because a couple of
girls would crash along the way so she
just didn't crash she would not end up
dead last and she would make it I love
this I also love the commentators trying
to take this seriously
where it's like a child just coming up
and down you know but not falling over
this is American ingenuity that's finest
this is trolling at its finest I really
really appreciate it you know she
actually this was Swaney gave an
interview on NBC in which she seemed to
take her mediocre athleticism quite
seriously which I was shocked to see
that's not a good look she sounded maybe
a little bit entitled like an entitled
oblivious millennial from Harvard but I
repeat myself so I don't know how
seriously she takes herself but then I
thought well maybe she's just doing a
perfect troll you know like when I did
the blank book I went on TV and kept a
straight face but I that was like a
mature our compared to this woman
because she's going on into the news and
saying I am I am a real athlete I'm a
great athlete so I'm gonna choose to
view the situation that way great total
control great stuff and a wonderful way
to mock the Olympic Games and show the
rest of the world that even our most
mediocre countrymen still contribute
more to the international community than
the entire rest of the world
great stuff okay and then in Sattar news
but hopefully he's up in heaven Billy
Graham is dead at age 99 if somehow you
don't know who Billy Graham is here is
Billy preaching to 120,000 people at
Wembley Stadium in the UK in 1954 I
believe that we stand on the verge of a
historic moment
that could have an unparalleled and
unprecedented impact in a world that is
confused perplexed and frustrated at
this hour and I'm convinced of one thing
that during the past few weeks we have
seen an easing of world tension and I
believe that one of the contributing
factors to the easing of world tension
and the prospects of an era peace is the
great spiritual awakening that we
believe is taking place in many parts of
the world
Billy RAM so some people wrongly believe
that Billy was the first televangelist
there are a million that follow now
there's the guy who smiles all the time
and you know people are on TV all the
time but he was one of the first but he
wasn't the first televangelist the first
televangelist was this guy a Catholic by
the name of Fulton sheen shall we say to
them listen to this statement I will
tell you later who said it but we
address it to the Soviets if any nation
whatsoever is detained by force within
the boundaries of a certain state and if
that nation contrary to its expressed
desire is not given the right to
determine the form of its state light by
free voting and completely free from the
presence of troops of the annexed sing
or stronger state and without any
pressure then the incorporation of that
nation
the stronger state his annexation it is
seizure by force it is violence who said
this
nicolai linear then Soviets under God
follow it free these people that's the
first thing that we have to solve in the
world then our other problems will be
solved no other problem will be solved a
killer we liberate them Fulton sheen
that's a little bit more my speed
because it's it's this Catholic
clergyman giving the tear down this wall
speech decades before Ronald Reagan did
I really like that just railing against
the Soviets but I like Billy Graham too
so I was trying to think of what
Catholics should think about Billy
Graham because obviously his theology
was a little bit wonky not quite there
from our perspective but I do generally
like the guy he was a fairly
anti-catholic and a Democrat until the
Richard Nixon presidency but eventually
he came around on both points as Saint
John Vianney said not all the Saints
started well but they all ended well you
can see that in Billy Graham's evolution
on those issues upon Pope John Paul the
seconds death Saint John Paul the second
staff Billy Graham called John Paul the
most influential voice for morality and
peace in a hundred years he said quote I
have a very strange feeling of loss I
almost feel as that one of my family
members is gone I loved him very much
and had the opportunity of discussing so
many things with him and we wrote each
other several times during the years he
was impossible not to like Billy Graham
a lot of my Catholic friends really
liked him an old family friend of mine
truly a saint more Catholic than the
Pope would go to confession about 150
times a day and very Catholic all of
Catholic schooling he loved watching
Billy Graham and this is true of a lot
of Catholics that I know he loved to
sing him on television everyone agreed
that his his belief was sincere he was a
sincere man Billy Graham is cautious of
politics saying of political involvement
from the pulpit quote you know I think
in a way that has to be up to the
individual as he feels lead of the Lord
a lot of things that I commented on
years ago would
have been of the Lord I'm sure but I
think you have some like communism or
segregation on which I think you have a
responsibility to speak out Billy Graham
was wonderful on these issues he
personally desegregated audiences he
said there is no room for segregation at
the foot of the cross an incredible line
it's ultimately where all the the
handful of racists on the right or the
old right types go so wrong because they
seemed blissfully ignorant that the
animating force of the civilization they
pretend to defend is one in whom there
is neither Jew nor Greek nor slave nor
free neither male nor female but older
one in Christ Jesus
so what do we make a Billy Graham
especially if you were Catholic or
Eastern Orthodox or something
Protestants can lead people to to higher
grounds and they can lead people to the
Lord and they can lead people to what I
think is a more grounded theology in a
more sober theology because it happened
for me I was an atheist for a long time
and and many of the people almost
uniformly the people who led me back to
the church were Protestants and some of
those people now are also Catholic but
it was a lot of Protestants I think
there especially in America there they
can be a little bit of a gateway drug
and so I think would be very unsure
edible for Catholics to say mean things
about Billy Graham you know the Lord
uses people in a lot of ways and you
know to the extent that Billy Graham did
that to the extent that he led people
back to God or led people back to the
church and he no doubt did that for a
lot a lot of people that contribution is
in incalculable incalculable worth that
is a incalculably valuable contribution
to the world and and I hope that Billy
Graham is resting in peace okay that's
our show make sure to get your mailbag
questions and we have a lot to talk
about tomorrow get them all in until
then I'm Michael Knowles this is the
Michael Noel's show see you tomorrow
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex Zangaro
audio is mixed by mike core amina hair
and makeup is by Jeshua OV era copyright
for word publishing 2018
