the New York Times a former newspaper is
sent a cracked reporter to discover what
on earth is wrong with our country and
it turns out it's white women I know
right who would have guessed you might
have thought our biggest problem was
unemployment but Donald Trump fix that
or Isis but Donald Trump fix that or
unconstitutional Looney Toons taking
charge of our government and replacing
the structures meant to protect our
Liberty with racist left-wing dick tots
guaranteed to plunge us all into
oppression and poverty but Donald Trump
fix that too so what's left
yes it's those white girls Alexis
Grinnell has studied these exotic
creatures carefully by actually being
one of them for many years and she
writes quote my hand to God I'm not
making this quote up after a
confirmation process where women all but
slit their wrists letting their stories
of sexual trauma run like rivers of
blood through the Capitol the Senate
still voted to confirm judge bread and
Cavanaugh to the Supreme Court the women
who voted for him our gender traitors
were talking about white women the same
53% who put their racial privilege ahead
of their second-class gender status in
2016 by voting to uphold a system that
values only their whiteness unquote I
could go on but that would be like
allowing The Times to write my hilarious
satire for me which would be wrong but
darn it they're so funny I just can't
help it here's some more in which sweet
little Alexis tells us how she felt
about Senator Susan Collins speech in
support of Kavanagh she writes quote
senator Collins subjected us to a slow
funeral dirge about due process and some
other nonsense I couldn't even hear
through my rage headache unquote that's
right alexis has a headache so we have
to get rid of due process hey Alexis how
about preserving American freedoms by
upholding the Constitution not tonight
dear I have a headache because she has a
point about white women some of those
Dame's are just plain nuts
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show
tickety-boo so we need also sing see
topsy know everything
I'm here in beautiful since a tional a
beautiful Madison Wisconsin I haven't
been here for about a hundred years this
is one of the prettiest towns I have
ever seen it is just absolutely gorgeous
I have a view of out my window of Lake
something there are two big lakes like
something and then on the other side is
like something something and I have a
view of one of them it is just
spectacular town and I will be speaking
tonight at the University of Wisconsin
at Madison that starts at 7:30 p.m.
Eastern 4:30 p.m. Pacific and you can
watch me on YouTube and Facebook so
bring your left is tears tumblers I will
fill them up for you we also have max
boot coming up he is a never Trumper we
had a really interesting conversation I
will tell you about it when we get to it
what else have we got going on we've got
stamps stamps we have to have stamps.com
because you know you do not want to go
to the post office if you can help it we
love the post office as a post office
has been my life it has helped me
through so much of my writing career but
just like everything else I want
everything in my computer I want to be
able to get stamps I get all the amazing
services of the post office right from
my desktop 24/7 when I want and with
stamps calm you can buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package using your own computer and
printer and the mail carrier just picks
it up just click print mail and you are
done it couldn't be easier I love this
thing it's just cool even just to watch
it the printers stamp your letter right
now use clayman for this special offer
includes up it includes up to fifty five
dollars free postage a digital scale and
a four week trial
don't wait go to stamps calm before you
do anything else click on the radio
microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in Clavin that stamps comm
enter Clavin you can write to me and ask
can you spell Clavin it's que la VA n
now I have to you know is very rare we
have to come in here and correct the
mistakes but this is a big mistake
yesterday we talked about the Cavanaugh
nomination and his confirmation and we
forgot to play the Trump happiness
montage people have been fired entire
departments have been cleared out to
correct
incredible mistake but here finally
after all this blood has been spilled
and heads of roll here is the Trump
happiness montage well deserved
economically we're gonna win with the
economy we're gonna win with military
we're gonna win with healthcare and for
our veterans
we're gonna win with every single facet
we're gonna win so much you may even get
tired of winning you'll say please
please it's too much winning we can't
take it anymore I do pretty oh so pretty
I feel pretty and witty and guess we
have to keep
why oh boy was that ever deserved I mean
what a week a couple of weeks Trump has
had with the economy booming and of
course Cavanaugh getting confirmed and
the Reid negotiated NAFTA deal he has
been and just incredibly on a roll
did have some bad news this morning
nikki Haley has resigned from the United
Nations apparently she has been planning
to do this they say that some of some of
his aides were taken aback but it may be
John Bolton was taken aback but I don't
know Trump obviously knew about it and
it's said that she has been planning
this for a long time she was gonna serve
for two years maybe take a break maybe
come back she is a genuine law she has
been courageous graceful smart OnPoint
it's going to be really tough to replace
her and and I won't be able to do my
cheap S&M jokes about watching a
beautiful woman slap around the Russians
as my form of SM porn and we felt kind
of bad about those jokes you know I was
making cheap sex jokes about a beautiful
accomplished a woman like nikki Haley
but that never stopped me I maybe it's
cuz I'm like a sleazy guy I'm not sure
yeah that's it so who knows she she was
talking let's listen to what she said in
her in her resignation it has been an
honor of a lifetime I know I said I am
such a lucky girl to have been able to
leave the state that raised me and to
serve a country I love so very much has
really been a blessing and I want to
thank you for that but a most excited
look at the two years look at what has
happened in two years with the United
States on foreign policy now the United
States has respected countries may not
like what we do but they respect what we
do they know that if we say we're gonna
do something we follow it through and
the president proved that whether it was
with the chemical weapons in Syria
whether it's with NATO saying that other
countries have to pay their share I mean
whether it's the trade deals which have
been amazing they get that the president
means business and they follow through
that she that's why she's been so
amazing she has been able to have this
kind of grace as kind of force in the
kind of power but also get along with
president the Donald which is not always
easy for people
she was touting Jared Kushner saying
what a genius he is behind the scenes he
may get the the appointment maybe Bolton
Bolton would be fun just watching the
confirmation hearings since if you
remember during the George W Bush
administration they wouldn't confirm him
because they thought he was just too
mean to deal with those nice people at
the UN but that would be that would go
beyond watching John Voltan the UN would
be beyond S&M porn that would be more
like watching Roadhouse every day but
that would be terrific anyway it is a
real loss and I hope she finds a place
she hasn't talked about what she was
going to go on the people were
speculating in which she run against
Trump but she says she won't do that of
course she's not going to do that they
were talking what are they talking about
a pence Haley ticket but that's not
gonna happen in Trump says he's gonna
run again so it is we just have to wait
and see it's just it's just a loss on
the other side however you know one of
the things one of the big tactics of the
left of course is facing forcing people
to apologize for things that they you
don't have to apologize for so you come
out you speak a fact and you say oh well
you know why should we trust all women
women lie just as much as men that's a
fact right and then the left goes nuts
and they start screaming at you and they
bully you and they hit you on Twitter
and they hit you on Facebook and your
boss comes to you and says you're
hurting our business we may have to let
you go
so finally you you know you beaten and
bloody you go on and you apologize for
something that you said that was
absolutely true totally true but you
apologized for some thought crime like I
was insensitive I was insensitive and
then you know you think like oh well now
I've apologized so they'll forgive me
right they'll back off no no no my
friend that is just like bleeding in the
water that has blood in the water too
the leftist they just come in and they
devour you because the message they want
to send is say only what we let you say
that's the message they want to say so
they always get so angry Trump cuz Trump
never apologizes he never apologizes he
never even when he says something that
maybe you know he maybe even regret or
he regret that he said it doesn't
apologize never does finally yesterday
at the confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh
he apologized he apologized for the
Democrats it was
great moment cut number one I would like
to begin tonight's proceeding
differently than perhaps any other event
of such magnitude on behalf of our
nation I want to apologize to Brett and
the entire Cavanaugh family for the
terrible pain and suffering you have
been forced to endure those who step
forward to serve our country deserve a
fair and dignified evaluation not a
campaign of political and personal
destruction based on lies and deception
what happened to the Cavanaugh a family
violates every notion of fairness
decency and due process our country a
man or a woman must always be presumed
innocent unless and until proven guilty
it was absolutely right to say it was
absolutely deserved the apology was
right to say of course the left when not
so I'll get to that in just a minute but
first let me tell you about a new
podcast from wondering laundry great
podcast really helped us with the first
season of another Kingdom but this one
is a really interesting podcast about
about that all the legal cases that
nobody pays attention to there are
hundreds of thousands of legal cases in
litigation every day in the US court
system and most of them don't reach the
media's attention these are not those
cases these are the cases that have
riveted the nation and made a real world
impact on society in the podcast from
wondering legal wars host Hill Harper
gives you behind-the-scenes access to
some of the most famous cases to have
ever graced America's courtrooms you'll
hear about the influential cases that
provoked worldwide attention Rodney King
trial and a Nicole Smith's battle for an
inherence and the takedown of gossip
site Gawker go listen to legal Wars on
Apple podcast the first episode is about
the Hulk Hogan versus Gawker Media case
in which Hawkeye Hogan walked out of the
courtroom with a multi-million dollar
settlement that very case has become a
symbol of press freedom you can find
legal Wars on Apple podcasts wherever
you're listening to this or head over to
one dree dot F M slash Clavin
that's wo ND ER y dot
M / clayman it's a great show and you're
gonna have fun listening to it and
you'll learn how to spell Clavin que la
vie aan so you got to listen to you know
there there should be there should be a
word there's no word to describe someone
who is absolutely completely unselfish
the left and especially the left this
press here is MSNBC watching the
confirmation of Brett Kavanaugh and the
left just going absolutely insane
they're all coming in now to join in the
celebration they look very happy Jean
happiness everyone should pay attention
to this this is what power looks like
that's what power will say Republicans
have the power to do this and they did
it this is it this is a terrible moment
I think for the country one thing is
clear this president is only seeking to
divide this country there are people on
the hard cool I think that's the right
fort right that they're enjoying making
fun of this professor woman who said she
was sexually assaulted let's make fun of
her so why do these people I'm Trump
they like us to a kind of bloodlust
where's the liberal or the progressive
side going to speak loudly and blow the
trumpet well yeah when are you gonna go
to don't make up start the fight there's
nobody out there where's Pelosi where's
Schumer where's everybody they shouldn't
be taking the day off
you love it I just that just the fact
that they're happy is an insult to them
and why is you know this is the problem
with the left he just nails it the
problem of the left is they're not
making enough noise they're not
screaming at people they're in the
streets of Portland and tifa's in the
streets of Portland directing traffic as
if they had some legal authority and
chasing down anyone who doesn't obey
them and the police don't even do
anything about it that's the problem
with the left they're just too in
control they're just not shrill enough
they're not crazy enough they're not
violent and and nasty enough that is the
problem with the left ow
have we missed it up till now it's it's
unbelievable if they would just be a
little bit louder a little bit meaner a
little used you know really get down in
the gutter the problem is they're not
they're not accusing people of sexual
molestation enough you know they're
they're just being too
nice to everybody that is the problem
that is why the left keeps losing and
you know take it from Hillary Clinton
Hillary and Bill Clinton are going on a
speaking tour because that's what the
country needs today what the country
needs today is Bill and Hillary Clinton
lock up your daughters because if you
want to see what sexual attacks look
like they're coming back Bill and
Hillary Clinton and here is Hillary
talking about how we can make amends and
bring this country together by treating
the right with more civility you cannot
be civil with a political party that
wants to destroy what you stand for what
you care about that's why I believe if
we are fortunate enough to win back the
house and/or the Senate
that's when civility can start again but
until then the only thing that the
Republicans seem to recognize and
respect is strength and you heard how
the Republican members led by Mitch
McConnell the president really demeaned
the confirmation process until we win we
can't be civil until we win we have to
keep on with the screaming and then yeah
you know it never it just never the
light bulb never goes on maybe this is
why they're not winning maybe this is
why the country works better when
they're out of power maybe this is why
they should start to you know respect
the democratic process I mean they've
got people now Alexandria Google I
Cortes you've got her talking about how
we should get rid of the electoral
college because it's a relic of slavery
days the electoral college had nothing
to do with slavery but what they don't
want and they say this openly now you
know because when they lose the problem
is the country when they lose the
problem is we have to get rid of the
Senate you know the Senate's not fair
because there are just as much
representation from Dakota North Dakota
as there is from New York how can that
possibly be fair of course that is the
whole point of the electoral college on
the Senate is that the states get full
representation if you have the in in the
Congress obviously it's different but in
the Senate you have full representation
for each statement they don't like that
why because they lost if they didn't
lose then it would all be fine so we
have to get rid of the entire American
system there should be a word
pletely clueless you know SE Cupp was
talking to brian Stelter and she she's
talks about all the ways that the press
was biased during the Cavanaugh fight
and and listen to still ters response
because just to name a few examples the
Washington Post published an op-ed
written by quote Cavanaugh's ex drinking
buddies who believe he shouldn't have
been confirmed New York Times published
a story about that that includes
Cavanaugh being involved in a bar fight
33 years ago during which he threw ice
on someone USA Today ran a column
alleging Cavanaugh was a child predator
I mean that seems kind of like an effort
well there was also some sloppiness in
the cake some of these story and that's
example reporter you know the New York
Times admitted they shouldn't have had
an opinion writer go out and work on a
story at Yale you know there were some
admissions about that yeah there were
some sloppiness as well yeah however I
do think a lot of journals were trying
to figure out what really happened
because heck the Senate really wasn't
and the FBI really wasn't able to go out
and figure out the facts so the midea
did play a key role yeah but I can
understand why it to a lot of Americans
it felt like the media was aligned
against Cavanaugh and by the way I just
wanna say Christine Blasi Ford yes was
right she predicted all of this remember
she didn't want to speak out publicly
she she called The Washington Post but
she stayed off the record she didn't
want to be named and then in August she
said no I definitely don't want to tell
my story she said look having I was
gonna get confirmed she said quote why
suffer through the annihilation if it's
not going to matter and it didn't a
clueless clueless I mean when when did
the press ever go out and try and get
information that exposed Christine Blasi
Ford they went out and got every time
you know Kavanagh scuffed his shoe if he
threw ice at somebody if he said
something about drinking if he drank all
of that stuff came out but nothing about
Christine blazing for it it was of
course it was biased that was one of the
worst most shameful episodes in press
history and that is saying a lot and one
of the reasons the press you know it
comes up is because the price everybody
in America wants to be a hero and there
are very few heroes in America because
very few people are under the gun this
is a free country so they have to tell
you oh my gosh you know everybody's
Hitler and that makes you a hero because
you're standing up to Hitler instead of
making a lot of noise about a Dooley
elected official who's doing a good job
that that makes you a hero if you say Oh
women women are so oppressed women are
not oppressed in this country women are
utterly free but if you say they're
oppressed then you're a hero oh how
brave you were how brave you were to
come forward you know they just love to
hear that and then one of the things
about the press is they like to pretend
that they are in a country that
oppresses them if Donald Trump attacks
them if he says you're doing you're
lying you're biased which they are they
feel like oh my gosh it's Stalin has
come again but just as a reminder that
there are reporters in this world who
are really quite quite brave there is a
story out of it's out of Turkey but it's
about a Saudi reporter Saudi journalist
named Jamal Khashoggi and this is a
genuine it's a it's a mystery but as one
of those mysteries I think we all know
the answer to he has been a real critic
of the new Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman who is essentially now the leader
of the country and Salman came in and he
was supposed to be a big deal because he
was going to let women drive he was
gonna have all these social reforms but
his social reforms have come along with
a political crackdown and he's been
putting people away and Khashoggi has
been he's been in America I believe
criticizing him from afar and the Saudis
have really gone out of their way to
show you that they can reach out from
Saudi Arabia and they can get you there
was a woman who was driving in the UAE
the united arab emirate US when she was
pulled over by security officers thrown
on a plane sent back to Saudi Arabia and
jailed in Canada a Saudi student refused
to stop making YouTube videos
criticizing the kingdom's rulers and two
of his brothers back home were
imprisoned they want you to know they
can reach you so this guy khashoggi is
in Turkey he was getting some papers to
let him marry a woman a Turkish woman he
was in Istanbul and he went into the
Saudi consulate there and left his
girlfriend outside his fiancee outside
saying if I don't come out in a couple
hours you should call you should call
the police and basically he never came
out he never came out of the consulate
the Turks who are no amateurs are
suppressing the press and suppressing
dissent themselves or accusing the
Saudis of of killing them of cutting
them into pieces and shipping his body
out of the consulate they say people
flew into the country hit men flew into
the
country and killed them which of course
you know to kill somebody on on a
prominent dissenter on somebody else's
soil is bad news that's the kind of
thing Putin does Trump is talking about
a Trump doesn't like it here's Trump
commenting on I am concerned about it I
don't like hearing about it and
hopefully that will sort itself out
right now nobody knows anything about it
but there's some pretty bad stories
going around I do not like it thank you
you know I don't blame him we've been
trying to be friends with the Saudis
because they've been they've kind of
tacitly accepted Israel because Israel
is their what they're really afraid of
his ran so Saudi is tacitly accepting
Israel so Jared Kushner has been over
there trying to you know use them to
broker some peace in the Middle East we
don't want to lose friends with them but
at the same time we can't let him go
around killing people like this and it
just points out that there are hero
journalists there are people who are
standing up against oppression brian
Stelter and his ilk CNN NBC ABC CBS are
just a pack of liars
and they're not heroes and when they get
criticized maybe they should start to
look at themselves because if there were
a word other than clueless for someone
who has no self-awareness
it would certainly describe the main
stream media all right why don't I got
some some other things oh yeah the
mailbag we're gonna put off the mailbag
I think till Friday so get your
questions in anyway you know how to do
it go to the go to daily wire.com if the
podcast button if the Andrew Klavan
podcast hit the mailbag symbol ask me
anything you want politics personal
stuff religion anything all my answers
guaranteed are 100% guaranteed correct
and will change your life
on occasion for the better get them in
and we will answer them all on Friday
also check out if you're a subscriber
check out you have to be a subscriber to
be in the mailbag as well so send your
ten bucks a month because we want your
money that will also get you the new
season of another Kingdom the whole new
season the first two episodes of another
Kingdom season 2 will be available to
everybody on Friday and you will get
them on audio as well so that all that
stuff is coming up and we've got an
interview with max boot coming up but I
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube this will give you a chance to
come to the Daily wire calm and
subscribe as you will should for a
hundred bucks you get an entire year
subscription and everything
you get the leftist tears tumblr what a
deal so max boot is a huge never Trumper
and a lot of you were gonna write in to
me and say why didn't you say this why
didn't you say that why did you just let
him say these things I told him that I
disagreed with virtually everything that
he said he is still in Everett romper
which seems to me at this point absurd
Donald Trump no matter what you feel
about him and no matter how he violates
your sensibilities is doing a terrific
job I think he is on the verge of
becoming a genuinely great president
which is an amazing thing nothing I
would have expected everything I didn't
expect boots has Stan stood his ground
he's a guest on my show I treated him
like a guest I let him speak his speak
his mind you know what I think you know
how I feel you get to hear me all the
time but it's worth listening to I
actually learned a lot of the never
Trump mindset he is the author of a new
book the corrosion of conservatism why I
left the right he's a senior fellow at
the Council on Foreign Relations a
columnist for The Washington Post and a
global affairs analyst for CNN find out
how never Trump errs remain never Trump
listen to max mu max mood thank you so
much for coming on I appreciate it uh
the corrosion of conservatism why I left
the write a very impassioned book I see
things very differently so I really want
to hear your point of view and how you
got to where you are let's start with
why you became a conservative in the
first place well it's kind of a natural
thing for me to become because I was an
immigrant from the Soviet Union so like
a lot of other people fleeing communist
countries I was naturally drawn to the
most conservative anti-communist
movement in the United States which was
of course the Republican Party and then
growing up in the 1980s under Ronald
Reagan you know he made conservatism quo
he was the kind of conservative that I
admired and wanted to become optimistic
forward-looking inclusive he kind of
typify conservatism for me along with
other heroes of mine growing up folks
like William F Buckley and George Will
and that was how I became a conservative
in
y-you know I wound up writing a
conservative column at the University of
California at Berkeley for the student
newspaper there in the late 80s early
90s and went on to work at The Wall
Street Journal editorial page write for
commentary serve as a foreign policy
advisor for three Republican
presidential candidates so I've been you
know a part of the conservative movement
pretty much my whole life those are very
impressive conservative credentials and
anybody who writes I I went to Berkeley
to a few years before you know anyone
who writes a conservative column for
that paper it's a brave man
now obviously it's it's Donald Trump
that has has turned you away from this
philosophy that made you feel that you
are an outsider to conservatism is that
fair I think that's that's definitely
fair I mean when you know Donald Trump
came on the scene and started running
for president in the summer of 2015 I
did not know a single conservative who
had anything positive to say about him
pretty much everybody on the right
thought he was this clueless clown this
buffoon who did not deserve to be
President of the United States and so
it's pretty shocking to me to see that
now the the Republican Party has
embraced him and a lot of conservatives
who once had nothing bad to say about
who won who once had nothing good to say
about Donald Trump now have nothing bad
to say about him at least in public I
mean it's been startling turn around
even though I think a lot of the
original criticisms that that people
like and many others beat about is
unfitness for the presidency have been
amply borne out in it can you be more
specific about that how of it I mean
just to just to put myself in position
where I'm clear about where I stand I I
had that all the same feelings about
Donald Trump I I gave him a clean slate
when he was elected I didn't see any
other choice and I did vote for him as
opposed to Hillary I have not seen what
you just described can you be specific
about what you've seen that makes you
feel that the worst fears about him have
been borne out well I mean it's a daily
litany of outrageous I mean this is
somebody who says that using love with
Kim jong-un who is one of the most
vicious dictators on the planet
somebody who lies an average of roughly
eight times a day somebody who attacks
the FBI is a cancer on in our country
who tries to impede and obstruct the
investigation of Russian interference in
our election which helped him to get
elected of course somebody who I think
really caters to the most dangerous
sentiments in our country such as racism
and nativism calling African countries
whole countries saying that the
charlottesville protesters the neo-nazis
they're there were good people on both
sides he you know referring to Latino
immigrants as animals who breed and
infest our cities locking up children of
illegal immigrants you know paying off a
porn star according to his own attorney
who pleaded guilty to eight felonies
Donald Trump is implicated in a
conspiracy to violate federal campaign
laws of course Michael cone is one of
only many people around Trump who has
been ensnared in the in the criminal
justice system including his former
campaign manager Paul Manafort his
deputy campaign manager Rick gates his
former national security adviser Mike
Flynn now imagine what conservatives and
Republicans would be saying if this were
president Hillary Clinton and so many of
her senior officials have pleaded guilty
to felonies and that even implicated the
president in this kind of behavior and
the president were daily attacking the
FBI and the Justice Department
Republicans would be in an uproar and
rightly so
but they give Donald Trump a pass and in
many cases people like Devin Oona's are
actually actively working with him to
obstruct justice and to undermine the
FBI and the Justice Department in ways
that I think are are unconscionable now
all that said I mean I will I will grant
you I think from if you're looking at it
from a conservative perspective I mean
Donald Trump has done a few good things
and I think any Republican president
would have cut taxes what have appointed
Supreme Court justices but my argument
is that you are paying way too high a
price for a handful of conservative
achievements
you're having to swallow an awful lot of
rancid garbage okay I have a lot of
disagreements with that but fair enough
yeah let me let me start this way when
Donald Trump swept away I can't remember
16 or 17 other candidates who were very
highly qualified people a lot of them
didn't that indicate in some at some way
that the Republican Party had lost touch
with the people who were supposed to
represent I mean the fact that it was so
easy for him to do that didn't that
indicate anything that there was a
problem with conservatism and the
Republican Party yeah absolutely i mean
i think that mainstream conservatism and
in the mainstream of the Republican
Party had been losing credibility for
years including because of the war in
Iraq which I supported including because
of the Great Recession in 2007-2008
where I actually think that President
Bush and in President Obama did the
right thing to to help us escape that
that disaster but obviously a lot of
Republicans were very embittered by the
fact that their leadership supported
this financial bailout so I think you
know there there's certainly mistakes by
the mainstream leadership of the party
and I think there's also been a growing
populist revolt typify by people like
Sarah Palin and this was what Fox News
was catering to this was the sentiment
that that that the Tea Party was
channelling so you know I don't doubt
that that Donald Trump tapped into
something genuine in in the Republican
Party and in conservatism but
unfortunately I think a lot of what he
tapped into is is very dangerous and
indeed repulsive because I think what he
is showing is that there is a
constituency for bashing immigrants for
appealing to white nationalism for
indulging in conspiracy theories and
know-nothing sentiments I mean I think
these these trends were always there on
the right even though I chose not to see
them in the past but what in the past I
would say they were not the dominant
trend in the Republican Party or the
conservative movement they were present
but they were not dominant and under
Trump I think those dark tendencies are
in fact dominant you know one of the
reason the reason I voted for Donald
Trump is there it's a two-party system
they're only their own
were to viable candidates the other one
has a history of criminality history of
obstructing justice the party itself has
become radicalized to the point of
embracing socialism something you should
know something about and and it seems
that when you have a choice between two
parties one of them is going to get in
when you say in your book that you think
conservative where the Republican party
really needs to lose for a long time
aren't you saying that this socialist
party that is willing to do for instance
what it's doing to Brett Kavanaugh
should now be in control well I admit
that the that the that the alternatives
before us are unpalatable because I what
I see is that the Republican Party is
marching far to the right into white
nationalism and populism and the
Democratic Party is marching far to the
left and it's leaving people like me
stranded in the middle essentially
homeless politically because there is no
party that represents my view which is a
kind of moderate centrist conservatism
but you know and I can I can understand
where you're coming from but I made a
different choice in 2016 for the very
first time in my life literally the
first time in my life I voted for a
Democrat in Hillary Clinton because even
though I didn't agree with her 100% I
thought she was qualified for the
presidency I thought she was
knowledgeable and I thought she was
actually a pretty centrist mainstream
Democrat so much so by the way that the
Bernie Sanders left didn't like her
because she wasn't you know extreme
enough for them and you said that she
has a proven history of criminality I
mean I disagree with that I mean there's
no question that the Clintons cut a lot
of ethical corners and that that caused
me a lot of problems and you know I was
certainly very hard on andö Clinton
during his impeachment proceedings but
you know if you look at it at
criminality I don't see how you can vote
for Donald Trump because again this is a
president who has literally been
implicated in the commission of two
federal crimes by his very own attorney
and who was whose staff was riddled with
people who are now convicted felons and
who himself has cut the corners his
entire life and shows no sign of having
any moral compass so I
admit that the choices between us were
not great and that's why a lot of my
conservative friends voted for third
party candidates but you're right I
think ultimately it's you got to choose
one or the other and I you know I chose
Hillary Clinton and I don't regret doing
so because in many ways Donald Trump has
been just as bad as I feared that he
would be you know that's that's another
part I do find that puzzling because we
had eight years of a president who
abused the IRS to silence political
opposition it really does look to me
that he abused the Department of Justice
and the FBI to spy on an opposition
political campaign I he certainly used
the State Department to lie about his
failings in Benghazi Donald Trump does
not seem to me to have actually despite
his many many many personal flaws he
does not seem to me to have transgressed
the boundaries of constitutional
governance I cannot think of a way in
which he is spied on people or suppress
people or silenced people you know the
press complains that he calls them names
and he does but he hasn't silenced
anybody the way Obama tapped phones and
and and really did come down hard on
anybody who leaked to the press is there
some kind of divide between the stuff
that comes out of Trump's mouth which I
agree can be egregious and the things
he's done which don't seem to be that
bad I think the things that he's done
are pretty bad but first let me just
correct the record and it's just not the
case that President Obama had this
horrible scandal-plagued administration
actually by comparison with other
administrations it was pretty
squeaky-clean he certainly did not have
his national security adviser or his
campaign manager pleading guilty to
felony okay so I in the notion that that
Barack Obama spied on an opposing
political campaign that's just the
conspiracy theory that Donald Trump has
spread without any support whatsoever he
he claimed that Obama tapped my my lines
in Trump Tower and is a and Trump's own
Justice Department so that's not the
case in fact there was an ongoing FBI
investigation of the Russian attack on
American democracy in 2016 in which
people in the Trump campaign were
implicated and the FBI was investigating
that right Lisa
but they were actually being not nearly
as aggressive as they should have been
in President Obama didn't do nearly
enough to call out that Russian assault
because he didn't want to be accused of
interfering in the political process so
you know III would say and I say this is
somebody who voted twice against Barack
Obama who worked for John McCain and
Mitt Romney but and I disagreed very
strenuously with his policies but I
think got an ethical level Barack Obama
is an ethical person I think he's a good
person who was trying to do the right
thing I disagreed with his policy
judgment in many instances and I thought
many of his policies were disastrous but
I didn't have any serious questions
about his ethics whereas Donald Trump is
an ethical cesspool and he is doing he
has done things I mean we have never
seen the kind of blatant obstruction of
justice that he is committing in plain
sight he is doing before our very eyes
the kind of things that Richard Nixon
did only in private in the way only
found out about later I mean Donald
Trump constantly denigrates and runs
down the the FBI he fired the director
of the FBI James Comey as he admitted to
stop the investigation of this Russia
thing I mean I can't imagine a more
clear-cut evidence of a president
committing obstruction of justice he
doesn't on a daily basis I mean he
attacks Jeff Sessions he attacks the FBI
he attacks rod Rosenstein all of whom
were simply trying to do their jobs
I mean he's irate for example that
sessions recused himself from the Russia
investigation but that's the only
ethical course he could have possibly
taken and I don't agree with sessions on
a lot of things but he was right here
and he's being attacked by Donald Trump
essentially for not doing more to
politicize the Justice Department when
it comes to freedom of the press I mean
he constantly calls the press the enemy
of the American people which is the kind
of rhetoric previously used only by the
likes of Hitler and Stalin and he has
tried to back it up for example he tried
to get the Postmaster General to raise
shipping rates for Amazon because he's
irate that Amazon owns the Washington
Post where I'm a columnist and the
washington post runs items critical of
him so he's trying to punish a news
organization that is critical of him now
it's certainly the case that he has not
had as much success in suppressing
speech or instructing justice as he
would like to see because there has been
pushed back
from his own appointees there has been
pushed back from the courts we do have
robust checks and balances within the
American system and so you know Donald
Trump you know cannot give full vent to
his authoritarian tendencies but the
tendencies are there he is sub trying to
obstruct justice and he is
I believe supporting our democracy you
know what in a way that Barack Obama and
did not doing and really no previous
president did with the possible
exception of Richard Nixon Wow it's
really it is interesting how honest men
can see things very differently I see it
very differently than you do but I
appreciate your letting me know well I'm
out of time so I just want to ask you
one one last question yeah you have a
blurb on here from Bill Kristol and it
has seemed to me that people who have
who have your strong feelings about
Donald Trump have some in some instances
lost the plot of the America we're all I
think hoping to protect just for
instance when Bill Kristol said better
the deep state then the Trump State I
just thought maybe
is that not overreacting to the presence
of Donald Trump I mean to have a deep
state an administrative state it
basically overrides the will of the
people the Constitution isn't that worse
than having a loudmouth president well I
just like this turn the deep state that
Donald Trump is introduced into our
politics which was previously used in
places like Egypt and Turkey to refer to
authoritarian tendencies among their
militaries to basically subvert the rule
the people that is not what is going on
here there is not a quote on deep state
conspiracy against Donald Trump but you
see our dedicated civil servants and
political employees doing their best
uphold their oath to the Constitution
and doing their best to try to protect
America from a president who they
believe and I agree is reckless and
unfit to exercise the office and they're
basically trying to constrain his most
destructive impulses and to carry and to
enforce the law into and to carry out
good policy as best they see fit I I
think what they're trying to do is a
heroic if not entirely successful effort
to insulate America from Donald Trump
and and not give Venters worst impulses
and so I think they're actually helping
not only America but Donald Trump
because
Trump could do everything that he wanted
to do he would be an even deeper trouble
than he is his approval ratings are or
low enough now there would be even lower
if he if he was able to carry out every
crazy crackpot notion that floats into
his head
max moot the author of the corrosion of
conservatism why I left the right I can
only hope that I'm right and you're
wrong but very interesting talking to
you thanks so much for that I you know I
mean and I know you disagree but I
really appreciate the civilized
conversation I think that's the only way
we move forward as PI is by discussing
these things in a in an intelligent and
civilized manner and you're doing that
so I appreciate it I agree with you 100%
thank you very much for saying the key
portion Thanks you know that is the
thing I was more leftist would come on
but they won't but it was really
interesting to me I mean I thought you
know obviously conflating immigrants
with illegal immigrants and the stuff
about Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama
uh-huh you know that I don't see how you
can think that I do not see how you
cannot think that Hillary Clinton is a
criminal you should read ken starr's
book about the Clintons all right but I
was glad to hear from sexual follies
so during this whole thing with the the
Cavanaugh hearing as they were you know
leveling these chart charge after charge
trying to bolster these charges the
woman who works with Ronan Farrow at The
New Yorker basically said they were
printing these things without really
checking them because they wanted to
bolster the charges of Christine glossy
afford but actually I think that
backfired but Trump said this about
young men at this point well I say that
it's a very scary time for young men in
America when you can be guilty of
something that you may not be guilty of
this is a very very is a very difficult
time what's happening here has much more
to do than even the appointment of a
Supreme Court justice it really does you
could be somebody that was perfect your
entire life and somebody could accuse
you of something doesn't necessarily
have to be a woman as everybody say but
somebody could accuse you of something
and you're automatically guilty but in
this realm
you are truly guilty until proven
innocent that's one of the very very bad
things that's taking place right now so
this woman and I'm sorry I could not
find her name but you put out the
satirical song about this about how oh
yes men have it so tough and it's such a
scary time for men here's the song
trapper oh man I can't wear a miniskirt
and it's the only one I own I can't use
public transportation after 7:00 p.m. I
can't be brutally honest when you slide
into my d-ends I can't go to the club
just to dance with my friends and I
can't ever beat my treat and a buddy
choose scary time gentlemen band
together make some noise it's really
tough when your reputations on the line
and dandy woman you've assaulted could
turn up any time yeah scary time for
guys can't speak to Danny warmoth or the
curse the eyes so confusing Cassandra
prison just ignited to make you mean you
that you even have to be
now a lot of people on the right attack
this song saying oh you know you live in
a free country you can do any one of
these things but I don't think that's
quite fair she's talking about the fact
that women have to be more careful than
men in a lot of situations that this the
ordinary life of a woman is a life lived
on guard to some degree and you know I
have total sympathy with that what the
problem with it is the problem with it
is not that it's that she's blaming and
the left is blaming men how would it be
if knowing that I walked through a black
neighborhood a bad black neighborhood I
know I'm more likely to get mugged and I
get mugged in that neighborhood and then
I say well the shell it shows you
something about black people no it shows
you something about that neighborhood
and about the culture of that
neighborhood and about the culture of
poverty and whatever is going on in that
neighborhood and and maybe it shows you
something about black culture you could
even say that but does it show you
something about black people no that's
the kind of generality that the left
that identity politics is peddling to
everybody so she's talking about men but
if she's not talking about the majority
of men who would run to her defense
she's talking about the bad guys
basically the reason she can't live in
an apartment on the ground floors
because of bad guys not gonna because of
me it's not because of you it's because
of somebody who might come in and that
is what they're selling that is the
whole thing they're selling their
selling bigotry they're selling racism
they're selling sexism while swinging
those slurs at us everybody's got
problems and girls have problems that
are for girls and boys have problems
that are for boys I think boys suffer
from crime a lot more than girls do
actually you know because the person
most likely to get murdered I think is a
young man and it was in within the
vicinity of a gang so there's all kinds
of problems the world is tough the world
is tough but blaming identity groups
blaming identity groups is precisely not
the way forward and while the left
continually accuses the right of doing
it it's all happening on the Left all
right that's it for me I'm not gonna be
on tomorrow I will be back on Thursday
and have an extra show on Friday to make
up for the one Wednesday gap so you will
have a cleave unless Wednesday but I'll
be back on Thursday I hope you will be -
I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens audio is mixed by Mike
Carmina hair and makeup is by Joshua
alvera the Andrew Klavan show is a daily
wire for word publishing production
copyright for word publishing 2018
