statue toppling shrieking girls
white-supremacist safe spaces trigger
warnings and english degrees without
reading shakespeare somehow one
institution has become a focus point for
all of these atrocities we ask is the
Ivy League destroying America we will
discuss with the great Carol Swain
professor Swain grew up in a 2-bedroom
shack in the rural South with 11
siblings no indoor plumbing and no
running water she dropped out of high
school and became a teenage mother Carol
then earned her GED as well as five
academic degrees from institutions
including Virginia Tech UNC Chapel Hill
and Yale she rose to teach law and
political science at Princeton and
Vanderbilt universities but then
professor Swain had the gall the
temerity the audacity to be a Christian
conservative which naturally led
students at Vanderbilt to petition for
her suspension in 2015 the University
Chancellor tepidly defended her at the
time and she retired from Vanderbilt in
2017 we will get her thoughts on the
Academy race relations and book
recommendations is the Ivy League
destroying America we will discuss
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show
we have got a lot to talk about with
Professor Swain I can't wait to bring
her on a huge fan of hers but before we
get to any of that we got to make a
little money we got to make a little
money honey and save you a little bit of
money because money is honey and honey
will save you money do you know about
honey I've been using honey for years
and now they're a sponsor of the show
which is great because they help us keep
the lights on but it's really good it's
totally free it should be the easiest
decision you make all day
do you ever turn down free money do you
ever do it because I don't do that I
never turn down free money if you shop
online without the best coupons
you are already paying too much
fortunately there's a free browser
extension called honey that
automatically finds the best coupons on
the web so you always get the best
prices on everything online do you
remember in the old days but I think
this must have in the 19th century when
you would shop online and you would have
to look up all of the different coupon
codes and you'd have to manually do it
and in your like cupboard waggon getting
dysentery on the Oregon Trail those were
the old days that's ridiculous you have
time is money don't waste your time
doing that honey is this browser
extension where you put it in your
browser takes two seconds to do it and
then whenever you go shopping online you
click it and it just does all the best
coupons it just runs them through and
you automatically save a bunch of money
I know I was trying to think of a time
that I used honey to buy things but I
actually think it would be much easier
to think of a time that I didn't use
honey to buy things you know maybe like
once or twice all the rest I am always
using honey is this indispensible add-on
it's just free money in your browser
you'd be insane not to do it and to
clicks add honey to any browser for free
then you're just shop like you normally
do it scans and tests millions of
coupons in the background I'm such a
cheapskate in the old day that I would
scan millions of coupons in the
foreground but now no more of that it
check out honey will automatically apply
the best coupon to get you the biggest
discount so you how many people use
honey every day I thought was just me I
thought I was the only cool guy who knew
about this thing 7 million people use it
every day together they've saved
millions of dollars when honey's got
your back you will never repay overpay
for anything ever
again you can use I use it on a wide
variety of
I you know I obviously I buy a lot of
stuff for my business I buy a lot of
stuff just personally gifts for sweet
little ELISA and don't tell look I love
a good deal I'm from New York I love
getting a good deal and so I never get
anything without clicking and checking
on it there's no reason not to add honey
to your browser today it's free takes
seconds to install it will save you a
lot of money add honey to your browser
for free right now at join honey calm
slash cough fa Co V Fe Fe and you'll be
able to afford even work off fa getting
discount CAF FA in these markets is near
impossible but if anyone can do it it's
honey go to join honey dot-com / cough
FA Co V Fe Fe
what is it join honey calm / cough FA
all right let's bring on professor Swain
professor Swain thank you so much for
being here thank you for your
introduction well professor you have a
lot of notches under your belt I've said
a few of them but also a lot of people I
think don't know this you predicted the
alt-right years before anyone had ever
heard of them the new white nationalist
movement you survived for decades in the
Academy as both a Christian and a
conservative you rose up from crushing
poverty to the most rarified and elite
halls in America my first question is we
know the Academy is biased against
Christians and conservatives in what
ways does that bias manifest well first
of all when I started my academic career
at Princeton I was not a divided
Christian believer I was always viewing
the world differently and my first book
black faces black interests the
representation of African Americans in
Congress one the highest prize in
political science the Woodrow Wilson
foundation prize for best book in
politics and I was the first black to
win it and the second woman and I've won
three national prizes I've been cited by
the Supreme Court and so I was a hotshot
I had my Christian conversion experience
in the late 1990s and when I was hired
by the Ender bills they did not know
that they were getting a Christian and
when they hired me I was
not as conservative as I am now
and so I didn't have to go through being
untenured and all of that as a devout
Christian but I can tell you that once I
became publicly known as a Christian
life as I knew it ended and then I would
say that in 2015 after I published an
opinion piece in The Tennessean
criticizing Islam my life in academia
was pretty much over did you know at the
time you must have known that if you
were to contravene political correct
orthodoxy in such a way as to I don't
know criticise Islam the well-known
religion of peace did you know that that
would kill your academic career
no I've always been a provocative
thinker that's why I've been successful
in academia and and so I mean I was the
person who was gutsy enough as an
African American I mean excuse me
that's a black person in the early 2000
that was when I did the research on the
white nationalism and I had a researcher
interview the leading white nationalist
in the country and that was when I
predicted the rise of the alt-right a
new kind of nationalism that was not
based on racial overt racial hatred not
using racial epithet was not exposing
violence but made the case using the
language of multiculturalism and put an
political identity that white was like
any other group that white people were
being discriminated against that white
people needed to have the same rights as
other people I knew that because they
framed it around the language of the
left that it would be appealing to young
people because it pointed out racial
double standard and that was when I
issued my warning you know on that point
of the all right I'll just skip ahead
because I do want to ask you about that
you predicted it you predicted that the
rise of these white nationalists I know
you spoke to this new breed of white
nationalists these articulate to people
these well-educated people you know in
2014 I think you point out in one of
your books and I think I think I've read
through most of your books in 2014 55%
of Americans were satisfied with race
relations by January of 2017 that number
had fallen to 17% the number even of
Americans proud of their country has
declined sharply and then in the new
white nationalism in the book you were
in the early 2000s you said cultured
intelligent and often possessing
impressive degrees from some of
America's premier colleges and
universities this new breed of white
racial advocate is a far cry from the
populist politicians and hooded Klansmen
of the old south who fought the losing
battles for segregation and white
supremacy during the great civil rights
upheavals of a generation ago and you
pre-saved these guys like Jared Taylor
Richard Spencer we see you've also said
you think there's an increasing white
racial consciousness the late columnist
white nationalist columnist Sam Francis
called for this why is that why is there
this new increasing white racial
consciousness and why is the new white
nationalism coming out of places like
Yale where Jared Taylor attended school
and and you and I also went rather than
the good old boys Palookaville country
bar as we saw in the old days of the KKK
well there's a lot of reasons to that
and Jared Taylor was one of the white
nationalists that I had interviewed and
then later I brought him to Vanderbilt
to debate Tim Wise the civil rights
activist and I brought him in because he
was an intellectual he defied the
stereotypes and the stereotype had been
you know guys with missing teeth very
good you know they couldn't string
together two words and we just laughed
at them we saw them on TV because no one
took them seriously that was the Klan in
the neo-nazis that the media presented
to us and so with Jared Taylor I saw
someone that frightened me because I
knew that was my mindset and my sense of
justice and how I don't like double
standards that if I were that poor white
kid from Appalachia I thought some of
his arguments could be persuasive to me
and I wanted people to see that they had
the wrong image that these were
well-educated people and they were
taking the language of the left to its
logical conclusion and I think part of
the appeal today is the fact that white
people are not doing so well in America
if you read Charles Murray's research or
you look at the opioid addiction the
people that are being affected and just
the outlook the hopelessness that white
people are experiencing I think it's
only natural that as they become a
smaller percentage of the population
they would act and think like other
minorities and in parts of the country
they're already on minority and so they
are just engaging in normal human
behavior when you see your world
changing that's right and I love that
you point out that articulate racists
like Spencer or somebody or jeer at
Taylor are much more dangerous they're
there because people might be tempted to
take them seriously and to take their
ideas seriously because they have a nice
polish you know and maybe they were
tweed suits it always seems to me that
the reason that white nationalists go so
wrong is that they love Christendom they
talked ad nauseam about Christendom and
Western Christendom but they reject
Christianity most of these guys are
atheists like Richard Spencer is an
avowed atheist between getting your
you're part of your academic Tyler and
so as you're actually didn't know that a
Jared Taylor also an atheist and but you
had this experience this born-again
Christian experience during your
academic career how did that come about
and how did that experience of
Christianity affect your view of
politics I can tell you that as a child
I was the only one of the twelve that
was able to reach college and so I'm the
only one that's you know solidly in the
middle class and so it's all I guess in
some ways I'm different as I was growing
up but I always saw the world
differently and when I was a young
adults working outside the home I worked
in nursing homes
worked in the garment factory I sold
lanes from door to door one year I had
seven Didion jobs and I worked alongside
a lot of poor whites they were just like
me and I think I've always had empathy
for people who are working-class just
like me and I felt very much
discriminated against by the black
middle class and upper class in fact I
didn't feel it it actually happened
and as far as the people that meant with
me groomed me saw my talent push me they
were all Caucasian and I find this very
common among people that I talk with
that a black that come from similar
backgrounds the people who offered us a
helping hand many of them were white
conservatives so I don't know what that
means but I can tell you that my
experiences have been experiences where
I was treated better by whites than I
were by blacks that's interesting on
beyond even the racial point you notice
this in the language of economic Envy so
you hear people say we hate the 1% the
upper 1% of wage earners I've never
understood that I came from relatively
lower means I didn't grow up with eleven
siblings in a shack but relative to my
area I came from lower means and rich
people have always been great to me I've
always gotten jobs from rich people I've
gotten scholarships from rich people I'm
not particularly angry at them and I
noticed something at Yale all the
richest and most privileged Upper West
Side children of hedge fund managers
they would lecture me and other students
on financial aid about wealth and
poverty in America they would always
lecture me they'd call fellow
conservatives over on financial aid they
would they would call them
uncompassionate or oblivious to a
financial difficulty how have you
responded throughout your life to
elitists who would lecture you on race
and poverty in America I mean it's
really funny when they're white liberals
and to me they're the most racist group
of all I'm saying that movie get out was
absolutely right the most racist group
they are and and I have seen them
discriminate
in college and university admissions
decisions between two blacks that there
was a black person from a working-class
background that has higher scores and
one of the reasons I think that I have
been treated well by conservatives and
people who you know like you people they
were more affluent that 1% is that they
saw someone that was hardworking that
was sincere and they rewarded that kind
of behavior and I think that those same
some of those same people if they're
liberal they don't expect anything of
blacks anyway and so they're willing to
reward behavior you know that is not
very competent and they don't believe
any of us are capable of achieving on
their own
and so they lower the standards and they
are harming black people on the colleges
and universities they're harming them
but not holding they're holding them to
the same standards and when they remove
the classics
well they dumb damn a mad the economics
course because students complained when
they canceled course on free speech
they're harming everyone's education and
I think that we've seen is the fruits of
affirmative action taken to its logical
conclusion in that you know during the
era that I was in college in the 1980s
and tonight I graduated with my PhD in
89 but you know there was affirmative
action but if you were black and you
owned those campuses I mean they were
that you did not get huge breaks I
didn't like go to school free you know I
had lost student loan debt I had some
scholarships but I had to work and
nowadays they seem to be telling black
students that they can take separate
tracks that they can avoid any courses
that may be challenging to that views
and and I think they're harming
everyone's education and that is totally
irresponsible of college administrators
making multi million dollars to run
universities in the cave into the
students and they're harming the
minority students the most that's such a
good point because you know
like just last year Yale decolonized to
the English department such that now you
can graduate with a degree in English
literature without reading Shakespeare
Milton or Chaucer which is incredible to
me and we've all seen that shrieking
girl who was on that campus in case you
forgot we have a it is not about
creating an intellectual space so when
you see things like this even at elite
universities professor Swain they've
hired the wrong people and they're sort
of turned you know the black people
which of the Black Studies program
whether whatever ethnic studies program
and but it's spilling over to the rest
of the university now and and I you know
if it were my child of my grandchild I
would be horribly embarrassed and a lot
of black students want to be held to the
same standards and they're not on board
with all of the foolishness but they are
drowned out and if they try to stand up
for something different then they run
they risk ostracism
not just from other students but from
the liberal left faculty would actually
manipulate the students and all of this
ties into cultural Marxism that's the
roots of all this madness on the college
campuses can you go into that a little
bit because I was going to ask do we
blame the students like that girl or do
we blame the faculty or do we blame the
administration but how do you see the
root of cultural Marxist
as hollowing out the account I think the
students have been brainwashed they've
been indoctrinated and that they really
that they really don't know any better
and I think it goes back it starts even
in some cases in middle school and and
then it gets reinforced in high school
and by the time they get to college
they're ready for the orientation
program you know to teach them how to be
a true victim and and I think that it's
all about remaking American culture but
it's not about remaking it in a way
that's going to make black people or
make the society better off and again I
think that what we're doing is very
destructive it's harming everyone's
education and I think it's because the
universities have looked at the the
increasing demographic changes the
ethnic makeup for the country and
decided you know that you have to have a
people in certain percentages with
degrees even if those people are not
college material and all of this unrest
and all of this protest that the
university supports I think it's the
product of them relaxed and standard so
low that you have students that can't do
the work
the students are miserable and all they
do is educate and they've been
manipulated in some cases by faculty
members that are not qualified and they
and so it's a vicious cycle I don't know
how you break it the I believe are the
worst of all because they're turning out
people that are going to be Supreme
Court justices they're going to be
senators they're going to be I in
newspaper editors the thought and
opinion leaders and these people are
shutting down free speech they have no
knowledge and respect of the
Constitution they will destroy America
unless we can figure out a way to sort
of dial it back and to move people to
basics when it comes to honoring our
Constitution and our American Way of
life and I think that it's being pushed
by our minority that all of this chaos
and that we see taking place it's being
fostered by the actions of a few
but imposed on everyone else and there's
so many people that are cowards
especially I'm sorry quite people in
that white people seem to be very afraid
of being called racist what they forget
is that it doesn't matter what they do
they're going to be called racist
they're going to be called nativist
they're going to be called dinner folk
and so they might as well stand on some
principles if people start standing on
principles we might be able to change
things that is such a good point I have
long thought that when lefty calls a
conservative a racist the conservative
knows he's won the argument and the one
shouldn't be afraid of this the reason I
don't worry about being called racist I
get called racist on Twitter all day
long you know I said that Black Panther
wasn't a great movie and I get called
racist for that and but you the reason
that I know that I'm not racist is that
I know that I'm not racist that's why
and so I'm not afraid of people calling
me that and yet people are cowering in
fear and speaking of the destruction of
culture and history you see this most
clearly especially on campuses with the
toppling of all of these statues the
toppling of Confederate statues the
renaming of Calhoun college at Yale
because Calhoun was a South Carolina
Senator supported slavery you see you
see Harvard taking word Puritans out of
its alma mater because it's not
inclusive enough you see it obviously
with taking Shakespeare out of the
English department what is the endgame
for this cultural level humans all you
have to do is read George Orwell before
and you see that you see part of the
endgame and if you were to read
Cleon Johnson's the naked communist he
has a section in there the book was
published in 1958 and it had a section
on 45 current communist goals and that
was current in 1958 they were read into
the Congressional Record in 1963 the
political left has accomplished most of
those goals and the endgame seems to be
to take America dance and I think that
if people
it read George Orwell's 1984 and maybe
Animal Farm as well Huxley's brave new
world if they would read it with the
knowledge they have today about society
maybe it would awaken enough young
people and I also would include Saul
Alinsky's rules for radicals I think
that every conservative needs to read it
and those parts of it that doesn't
offend their conscience they should
apply it such as make your enemy live up
his rule book and and I think that it's
up to the young people that people my
generation can point them in the right
direction but ultimately if they're
going to preserve the society they will
have to fight and they would have to
fight with knowledge and they need to
know history and they need to pay the
Constitution they need to know their
enemy right I think that's so much of it
I think the hollowing out of the
curricula and knocking down all these
statues and trying to erase our history
and revise our history I think a lot of
that is so that we can wipe away all of
that accumulated knowledge of tradition
and make it easier for the Reformers to
keep reforming and reforming and
reforming now I notice it at the
beginning of your book be the people you
quote two of my favorite men leon kass
in his book on genesis and CS lewis on
Screwtape both writers about scripture
both writing about scripture in that
case you know Harvard's founding motto
was very toss Pro Christo attic lazy I
ache truth for Christ and church this
all of these early colleges and
universities in America were founded to
study scripture to be as so as Harvard's
rules and precepts of 1646 wrote the
main end of a student's life and studies
is to know God in Jesus Christ which is
eternal life the only foundation of all
sound knowledge and learning then you
fast forward now in the former president
of Johns Hopkins University says the bad
news is the universities become godless
Larry Summers former president of
Harvard confessed things Devine have
been central neither to my professional
nor to my personal life this sure seems
like mission drift to me does the
University need to return to God
we so beyond that point in culture that
that's a lost cause no I think that it's
up to the students and their parents and
those people who value America to use
the influence and their dollars to push
the university back to the middle I mean
they don't have to go you know all the
way back to the 1700s when God was
honored at these institutions that were
founded but I think that they are so off
balance now and I think that we all have
a stake in having leaders and producing
citizens who know how to think we're not
teaching anyone how to think these days
not even the faculty can think and and
that's a very problematic I do have a
friend named Mary poplin who is at
Claremont Graduate School
she has founded a new organization named
the Upper Room it's a nonprofit but it's
Christian intellectual Christian
intellectual faculty members who are
looking at that discipline and trying to
sort of reinterpret their discipline
based on their knowledge of truth
Christian truth and the political left
doesn't want to debate because they
don't have the facts on that side they
don't even have science on that side
anymore they don't even know the
difference between male and female they
lose when you deal with facts and you
deal with science and I think that the
effort that Mary and the faculty members
involved in her projects it's all about
trying to recapture the universities I
think the universities can be recaptured
but it's gonna take all of us working
together with a vision absolutely right
I've noticed this just speaking to my
own friends in the Academy I find
basically all of them are godless except
for the smartest ones and the smartest
ones are talking about Jesus I know you
know the the son of the great lord of
the multiverse our colleague Andrew
Clavin his son it works on classics
Oxford and he has a wonderful reading
group who work on Scripture and a
reading group of Christians that III try
to listen to or glean some insight from
I wonder if we're on the verge of a
revival in that way organizations like
that would be would be phenomenal if
that's the case if the universities are
failing us which it seems they are
people write in to me all the time they
say should I go to college should my
child go to college is it a total waste
is it going to simply saddle me with a
quarter million dollars in debt now
obviously you did very well in the
Academy to say the least
I enjoyed college very much and I think
I got something out of it
in what ways should students augment
their education what book should people
be reading that the universities have
failed to teach what things should
people be studying on their own if
they're not going to get it in college
first of all I would urge every parent
that's Christian who has the resources
to either home-school individually or as
part of a cooperative group do not send
your child to the fancy private school
or the public schools unless it's a
classical Christian school and so that's
the first claim because they would get
education at those institutions that
they will not get anywhere else so that
foundation will be laid and I think that
every literate person needs to know the
Bible and whether or not they are
believer or not but that's the basic the
greatest book in the world that they
need to know but Western civilization
stick with the classics stick with the
great book of the past and I think
that's a firm foundation but also know
your enemy and I think when I children
go up to college they need to know that
they're entering enemy territory and
sometimes it's the Christian school so
many of them have gone for far less
right that they are not a safe place for
Christian students but I don't think we
should stop sending our children to
college we need to prepare them ahead of
time if they're Christians in churches
they need to know apologetic as well as
worldview and the literature
the political left we need to answer
that questions before they get to
college and how do we were that's such a
good point and you talk about the
Western canon and Western civilization
and now both the left and the radical
left and the racists on the all right
they say well the Western Canon that's
just white guys that's white
civilization that is different than an
exclusionary than other cultures how do
you respond to this the Southern Poverty
Law Center that vicious and I respond is
it I mean I respond as a Christian
because it's my worldview and I believe
there's only one race the human race and
that that I mean I dismissed I just
can't
I do not legitimize those who argue that
we should not read Shakespeare because
he was white but that we should not read
did white men I think that some of the
greatest works of history but we're
making a terrible mistake you know by
removing Mark Twain and what's the
Harper Harper era Harper Lee yeah to
kill a mockingbird and all of those you
know juries that have impacted
generations of people and you know Uncle
Tom's Cabin that's probably not
politically correct but it's important
book I think that we're making a huge
mistake when we remove literature
because the author happened have been
you know white that's right and that if
we treat white people the same way we
the political left says that we should
treat members of every other group we
would not have a problem they created
the race and the racism to a large
extent and they're using it you know to
divide people and I think it's very very
important that we don't give up the
Western traditions the judeo-christian
way of life that is responsible for
America being a country that people are
willing to risk their lives to come to
even though they try to change it once
they get here of course in all of these
values of equitable governance and
justice and liberty and equality all of
those things come out of the Western
tradition the peep
are now so despising the Western
tradition animated by Christianity in
which there is neither Jew nor Greek nor
slave nor free nor male nor female for
all or one in the body of Christ that
part seems to evade both the radicals on
the the racist fringe and also the
radical left and a really really
excellent to talk to you we could go on
forever but I'm up against a break
professor Swain thank you so much for
being here we'll have to have you back
and talk a little bit more thank you
very much
all right thank you she is Chris I'm
unbelievable background raised in his
Shack one of 12 kids slept on the
kitchen floor didn't have plumbing
didn't have running water and rises up
to become a professor of law and
political science at the most elite
institutions of the country and now the
SPLC calls her a white supremacist or
something a white bigot absolutely
outrageous and despicable she yeah Carol
Swain she is so good I urge people to
read to read her books and look her up
on YouTube she's given other great talks
as well okay we got it speaking about
our culture and our history and
defending our culture we've got to get
to this day in history but before we do
that I'm sorry you guys are monsters you
guys are just vicious monstrous I have
to say goodbye to Facebook and the
audience formerly on YouTube
the former oh yes that was on YouTube
before they decided to censor us and
every syllable that comes out of my
mouth probably because I have those
white supremacists on like Carol Swain
that's probably why they can't they
can't allow our videos on YouTube okay
thank you very much if you're watching
their go to daily wire.com if you're
already a subscriber we appreciate it
you helped keep the lights on and co FFA
and my leftist years tumblr what do you
get you get for $10 a month or $100 for
an annual membership you get made and
reclaim and show the ben shapiro show
you get the conversation coming up with
the big boss very soon the ben shapiro
that one will be up next none of that
matters what really matters is this have
you guys been watching Jimmy Kimmel
lately have you been seeing him Jimmy
Kimmel the former host of the man show
is it now sobbing on national television
every single night and that you're gonna
need these guys he said he was happy
that he doesn't have a Republican
audience anymore he said riddance I
won't even say good riddance riddance
and you're gonna need these otherwise I
think your computer or your your
television rather is going to explode
it's going to because you don't want all
that salty water near the
electrical wires and Jimmy Kimmel is
giving you a steady stream every night
so make sure you get your leftist tears
tumblr so you can safely dispose of
those salty salty left up the stairs and
you and you can drink them because
they're delicious either hot or cold
they're always delicious go to daily
wire.com we'll be right back with this
day in history on Washington's Birthday
it is time for this Dame history
on this day in history its Washington's
birthday which shouldn't be confused
with Washington's birthday its
Washington's birthday but it's it's
certainly not the day George Washington
was born he was born on February 11th
under the Julian calendar because the
British Empire had not yet adopted the
Gregorian calendar because they were
Protestant savages and the Catholic
Church adopted that Gregorian calendar
in 1582 so on the Gregorian calendar
which is the one we use Washington was
born on February 22nd it's also not
today it's also not Lincoln's birthday
sometimes the stay is called Washington
and Lincoln's birthday Lincoln's
birthday was February 12th the thing
that is most certainly not is Presidents
Day which was a name change proposed in
the 1968 uniform Monday holiday Act but
mercifully it failed in committee
because I do not want to take away
George Washington's birthday and start
celebrating other presidents like Barack
Obama or Jimmy Carter or whatever maybe
maybe a Calvin Coolidge or something but
weren't Harding but certainly not those
later presidents George Washington's
birthday George Washington is born in
the thing I think we all have to drive
home we have this image of George
Washington well in the old days we had
an image of him as the father of the
country the guy on the $1 bill now we
have the image of him as a vicious slave
holder because we all read Howard Zinn
and stuff like that in schools George
Washington was an amazingly courageous
dignified and virtuous man of a caliber
that I don't think we can even fathom in
2018 he was born in 1732 his father died
in 1743 George was just 11 years old his
father left him very little money for
formal schooling so Washington was only
able to be formally educated through age
15 how did he hate himself he clearly
was an educated man he did it on his own
he decided of his own volition to write
down the rules of etiquette that a
dignified and gentlemanly guy would
comport himself with he wrote his own
book you can still buy it Washington's
rules for civility Washington was
insanely courageous in battle people now
criticize him for having made some
strategic errors as general it you know
if they were errors and maybe there were
errors he was saved time and time again
by prophet
and weather patterns which sometimes you
can't distinguish from one another but
he was insanely courageous during the
French and Indian War at the Battle of
Monongahela in 1755 Washington rode
through men who were being slaughtered
all around him to take charge of the
collapsing lines he could have stayed
back but he decided to ride charge on
ahead to take to take care of these
lines as men were falling off horses all
around him
during this charge he had two horses
shot out from under him and four bullet
holes shot through his coat four littles
I am convinced as are many that the
American Revolution would not have been
one we could not have wanted it would
have been over in 1776 without George
Washington here is a clear example of
Providence two horses shot out from
under him in the same instance four
bullet holes through his coat and he
kept on and was able then to take the
lead in the American Revolution at the
Battle of Princeton in 1777 George
Washington led soldiers from his white
charger to within a mere 30 yards of the
British line he was an easy target
everyone thought he was going to get
killed he didn't care he is said to have
said parade with me my fine fellows we
will have them soon this reminds me of
Churchill when his plane was shot down
the third time they said don't you fear
death he said I love life but I do not
fear death you see this time and again
with Washington on the battlefield by
December 1776 most consider the
revolution a lost cause the Patriots had
suffered defeats in New York and New
Jersey massive defeats so what did
Washington do he let a counter strike
against the ice-filled Delaware River on
Christmas Day and even that charge was
delayed immensely people said there's no
way there won't be any element of
surprise which there wasn't it was
daylight by the time they arrived there
and he said it doesn't matter we're
doing it anyway this is how we're gonna
win in 1781 with the revolution once
again on the verge of defeat Washington
made the risky decision to surround
Cornwallis's British army at Yorktown
this wasn't the ceremonial end to the
war this was a major risky decision and
there had been huge setbacks for the
Patriots nevertheless he decided to
surround Cornwallis's army it won the
war on December 23rd 1783 George
Washington's surrendered his military
commission to Congress to affirm
civilian control of the military this
handing over of power caused his former
foe King George the third
called him quote the greatest man in the
world he then followed this up by
surrendering presidential power after
two terms it's not like there were term
limits it wasn't until that dirty rotten
Democrat Franklin Roosevelt that they
would break Washington's example of two
terms and stay on until he died in his
mistress's arms but George Washington
set that precedent he could have stayed
on he could have been the American king
but it wasn't until a Democrat in the
twentieth century
that someone strove to become the
American king what Washington was the
richest president in American history he
was the richest president American
history we now have President Kafei who
converted the white house into the gold
house so now Washington is only the
second richest American president but
still pretty good record upon his death
Washington freed his slaves Washington
was the only founding father to do so he
was universally respected by his peers
he was the only founding father who
could say that they were always in
fighting with one another but not with
Washington Abigail Adams wrote quote he
is polite with dignity affable without
formality distant without haughtiness
grave without austerity modest wise and
good it's a pretty good recommendation
Lafayette said General Washington is the
greatest man for I look upon him as the
most virtuous Nathaniel Greene one of
the greatest officers of the revolution
reported quote his excellency General
Washington has arrived amongst us
universally admired joy was visible on
every countenance Francis Hopkinson one
of the signers of the Declaration of
Independence wrote quote he retreats
like a general and attacks like a hero
one age cannot do justice to his merit
but the United voices of a grateful
posterity shall pay a cheerful tribute
of unde assembled praise to the greatest
order of their country's freedom I hope
that's the case and I hope that ingrates
and revisionists don't start toppling
statues as we've seen happening all
around us as President Trump spoke about
last year I hope we don't see that too
much I hope the gratitude continues
Thomas Jefferson wrote quote on the
whole Washington's character was in its
mass perfect never did nature and
fortune combined more perfectly to make
a man great as Henry and Lee wrote
famously in his eulogy of Washington
first and war first in peace and first
in the hearts of his countrymen may he
ever remain so the greatest of the
founding fathers George Washington
this day in history and it's not
President States Washington's birthday
say it out loud shout it from the
rooftops happy birthday to Washington
that is our show we'll be back tomorrow
we'll have much more ko5 a to cover
until then I'm Michael Knowles this is
the Michael Nolt show I'll see you then
the Michael Dole show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is austin
stevens edited by alex Zingara audio is
mixed by mike core amina
hair and makeup is by Jeshua Avera
copyright forward publishing 2018
