I heard a lot of different reactions but
what how'd you like the movie the movie
was so awful oh so I went to see this
movie and I I was there I dragged sweet
little ELISA to it and about an hour and
a half in I'm somehow still awake and
the power goes out and I have never been
more grateful for a blown fuse in my
entire life
so I walk out and I say oh that I think
I got the gist of this thing I don't
think I need to see it again but they
give me a couple free tickets and I say
okay well if I'm gonna review it I guess
I have to see the last Oh like 17 hours
of this thing that never ended you have
to go to the movie twice I had to go to
it twice which is evidence of God's
whimsy you know suffering this is lent
this is a penitent that's crying except
when I have quite a spiritual discipline
this weekend so it's a blackout at Black
Panther exactly you just don't like
black things is that this am I getting
that right yeah you know it's so tough
because this movie is explicitly about
race and so any commentary on it is a
commentary on history and race and
colonialism and things like that and so
you get called a racist regardless of
what you say right the the movie is
explicitly about race though some people
have wondered about the connection
between Black Panther and the Black
Panther Party now they both came out in
the same year the name Black Panther was
used to describe proto Black Panther
Party organizations for at least a year
before that the comic creators
acknowledged this and they said oh yeah
what a strange coincidence
and then in 1971 they actually when the
Black Panther Party was getting a lot of
negative press for carrying machine guns
and stuff like that yeah they changed
the name briefly to something else black
leopard I think and then they went back
to black pants soo so they didn't
actually named it after the Black
Panther group so they say I mean the the
name referring to the proto Black
Panther parties as the Black Panthers
predates the comic book by at least a
year there was also the Black Panther
tank division in World War two and there
are such things as Black Panther and
there are black yes sir yes it seems a
little coincidental as as the comic
readers admit but the whole premise of
this movie is that if if what whites and
you know Western Europeans
had not colonized parts of Africa that
remained untouched from Africa and if
African countries were rich in natural
resources like precious metals then they
would have developed into an equitable
fair just prosperous technologically
advanced country in total isolation
right now the great irony of this is I
wrote this review and I said it was
awful and Ben said it was very good
