breaking news the Muller investigation
has indicted 13 Russians for trying to
meddle in the 2016 election Russian
information warfare sought to bolster
Trump and hurt Hillary during the
election but after the election that
same machine sought to bolster anti
Trump protests the so-called resistance
so this is really great they said that
they said for so long the the Russians
weren't helped they're helping Trump
they're here for Trump then we said well
I don't know if that's true the Russians
obviously always want to screw up our
political process they've been doing
that for a century they've been doing
that since the Russian Revolution but I
don't know they really liked why do they
like Trump Trump's doing things to harm
them just the other day we've apparently
us back troops slaughtered dozens of
Russians in Syria right I mean we are
literally killing these people on the
battlefield and so it doesn't make a lot
of sense and now it makes sense and I
love it so much because all those people
wearing the little hats the the pussy
hats and with these disgusting profane
signs and paper mache things their tools
of Russia
those guys are tools of Russia because
the the so-called resistance has started
a lot of the anti-trump protests
immediately after he won the presidency
the indictment that we see now reads
quote defendants and their
co-conspirators used false us personas
to organize and coordinate other false
us personas to organize and coordinate
US political rallies protesting the
results of the 2016 presidential
election one of those rallies included
Trump is not my president which was held
right after the election in 2016 so now
now listen to that you know I don't know
if you picked up one of the little lines
there Democrats are trying to shut this
up they were using us personas they were
using us personas the indictment goes on
quote some defendants posing as US
persons and without revealing their
Russian Association communicated with
unwitting individuals associated with
the Trump campaign and with other
political activists to seek to
coordinate political activities did you
catch that did you I don't know if you
caught that that means so they weren't
saying they were Russians that means
that if anybody tried to collude with
them and by collude we mean some guy
comes to you on your campaign and says I
have
on your opponent 100% of politicians
take that meeting which they should
that's what a campaign is for anything
else would be campaign negligence
anything else would be negligent to your
donors and your constituents in your
Canada so they took that meeting the
operatives from Russia pretended to be
Americans which means there's no
collusion that means that there's no
evidence of collusion for the 500
millionth time more evidence mounting as
ever to quote what Dianne Feinstein
accidentally said and what Van Jones
accidentally said the rush of collusion
story is a nothing burger we see it now
from Bob Muller it's giving me faith in
the Mulder investigation by the way that
these indictments are coming out who
knows I'm still a little skeptical Heath
clearly has too much power should never
have been appointed in the first place
but not too bad I'll take what I can get
