but I want to go to a core view that
she's talking about here and it was
repeated across the media that the NRA
is in control of our politics that the
reason that we haven't had a vast gun
confiscation or new gun laws passed is
because of the evils of the NRA which is
paying people off MSNBC's Stephanie
ruhle said the same thing she suggested
that it's just because Republicans are
being paid off by the NRA President
Trump tweeted his prayers adding no
child teacher or anyone else should ever
feel unsafe in an American school well
the NRA spent more than 21 million
dollars supporting President Trump in
his 2016 election almost 10 million
dollars in ads and other pro Trump
material and 12 million bucks attacking
Hillary Clinton the thoughts and prayers
are with the victims the dollars and
cents are another story yeah so the idea
again is that the NRA is responsible for
everything bad happening in Congress
because didn't paying people off Jimmy
Kimmel said the same thing last night he
had said that the that the NRA had
Congress's balls in a money clip which
is just absurd last night he said
somewhere along these line along the
line these guys forgot they work for us
and not the NRA us and this time we're
not gonna allow you to bow your head and
prayer for two weeks until you get it
all clear and you move on to the next
thing we're gonna make sure you do
something this time well no you're not
because the vast majority of the public
is not in favor of the do something
mentality the vast majority of the
public is in favor of perhaps some
measures that would do something here
but you have to name the measures but
let's discuss the underlying claim Rob
Reiner did the same thing he said there
are 21 million reasons why Donald Trump
refuses to protect our children from
being slaughtered by guns the NRA has
deep pockets but we will show them that
our hearts and our pockets are deeper
than theirs our hearts rike the NRA is
heartless because it says that
law-abiding citizens should own guns you
think the NRA is in favor of these
school shootings you think the NRA wants
these things to happen you think the NRA
is indifferent to all of this and when
we last had a major shooting which was
after that after that church shooting in
Texas
the guy who put down the shooter was an
NRA member the media conveniently
ignored all that who's an NRA instructor
because then in their crusade to make it
seem that the NRA wants to get hands and
guns in the hands of bad people they
ignore the fact that the NRA ensures
that good people can have their hands on
guns but this money point is so stupid
