so when I was a young man I've just
recently out of college I was a
small-town newspaper reporter and one
day I got a call from a funeral parlor
which was pretty common to deliver an
obituary and the obituary was for a kid
I can't remember I think he was about 17
years old so I took the obituary and
just said he had died and gave me the
details there was a form you filled out
to write an obituary and afterwards my
editor who was and it's important to
understand this my editor was a woman I
respected as far as you can respect
somebody she was kind she was decent she
was smart she was experienced so I
always took her advice about everything
I was in knew if I had no idea what I
was doing as a reporter and she said
look you've got to get a cause of death
they didn't give the cause of death
people don't die when they're 17 so you
got to call him back so I called them
back and the guy admitted that the kid
had been in a mental facility and had
committed suicide he hanged himself from
a radiator so I put that in the obit and
a little while later the kid's mother
called me obviously one of the worst
phone calls I've ever had she begged me
not to run the fact that the kid had
committed suicide people save obituaries
there are a sort of memory of the person
that they've lost and she said please do
not put this piece of information that
this my son committed suicide in the in
the newspaper so I immediately said
you've got to talk to my editor this is
not a decision I can make I'm a couple
reporter I don't know what I'm doing I
hand it to my editor completely thinking
well of course you leave it out if a
mother who's lost a child I mean what
didn't nothing is worse than losing a
child here's a mother who's devastated
she's asking you a simple thing leave
this piece of information out of the
story so of course she wouldn't so I
handed it to my editor who as I say was
wise kind and knowledgeable and just
assuming she immediately agree she
refused she in the kindest possible way
explained that we had to tell the story
that our job as newspaper people was not
to decide which facts were relevant but
just to tell the facts and that it was
going to be a small story it wasn't
gonna be on the front page and it kind
of calmed the mother down a little bit
realizing that it wasn't gonna be a big
scandal but at the same time she was
very disappointed I was shocked so I
said to my editor you know I can't
understand why you would do this like
what difference does it make
we talked about it
late late into the night and she said to
me you know every story is part of a
bigger story that we can't know the
story of this county the story of the
county were covering we can't see that
story we can only see each individual
story as it comes in and so our
responsibility is to tell the truth as
far as we know it about that story and
let the true story of the county unfold
as it will it turned out there very few
stories like this has actually have an
ending but this one does it turned out
in fact that there was a spate of youth
suicides going on in that County which
it's very possible that nobody would
ever have known about if we hadn't
reported each individual story as it
came in she was right I was wrong and of
course one of the morals of that story
is that your emotions are not always a
very good guide about how to do
something as objective or as humanely as
objective as humanly possible as
reporting the news which brings me of
course to this terrible shooting in
Broward County Florida I always hate
these things they make it impossible to
do a fun funny show we can't play our
song and and sometimes I just feel that
the argument about them is always the
same and always goes nowhere and I want
to talk about that today and why that
happens trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
let me start by talking about ring which
is this security you know this is this
is a big deal this ring thing that this
it's for security for your home and it
is basically a doorbell that has a
camera on it I just got one I haven't
installed it yet but it is very cool you
know anywhere you are anywhere you are
somebody rings the doorbell you can look
and you can see who is out the door very
important before you unlock it we
actually have a clip and this is a real
clip from a an encounter this woman had
with a guy who came to her door and rang
the doorbell and she is looking at the
guy who can talk to him and doesn't have
to just open the door and peek out and
find out you know whether what he's
doing and you can see I mean it's kind
of comical he's got what obviously or
you know a burglar tools with him let's
play the clip hey sorry we're in the
middle of dinner can I help you I don't
know who you are I'm Justin I met you an
old trick every New Yorker knows this
trick Helena yeah yeah yeah I know you
and you're supposed to supply the place
that you met you say he wasn't it was it
in Boston yeah Boston that's where it
wasn't then then they take you in and
it's an old con man's trick look I don't
know what this guy was up to but I'm
glad this lady didn't let him in glad
she had a ring so she could see him and
communicate with him before she went to
the door if you get a ring video
doorbell you will never miss a visitor
because whether you're home or away you
can see and speak to visitors on your
smartphone from anywhere and even share
video clips to neighbors using the ring
app that ring also has a floodlight cam
which is incredibly cool
somebody's creeping up on your house you
press the button it just illuminates the
whole place and set off on an alarm stop
crime before it happens and make your
neighborhoods safer with ring you can
save up to 150 dollars on a ring of
security kit at ring.com slash Clavin
that's ring.com slash Clavin and I know
what you're thinking how do you spell
Clavin it's que la vie a N
150 dollars off when you go to ring.com
slash Clavin you know we're not going to
we're not gonna break today we're gonna
stay on the whole time because I want
you to hear this amazing interview we
recorded yesterday with Douglas Murray
Douglas has written a book called of the
strange death of Europe immigration
identity Islam I read it was the first
book I read this year I was blown away
by it I think it's a fantastic book and
it's a book about the elites letting
basically a civilization go down the
drain simply from virtue signaling and
not knowing what to do and simply
because they're not as bright as the
people who were telling him to stop
namely the ordinary people so you know
how these stories go right there's a
shooting that's terrible we were all
broken hearted guy walks in this case
guy walks into a high school 17 people I
think so far was the last number I heard
I'm not gonna go through the whole thing
because the stories were always the same
this was a kid that the FBI had been
alerted about he had been expelled he
was constantly bragging about his guns
he actually posted somewhere that I'm
gonna become a professional school
shooter slip through the cracks
and he goes in and and opens fire and
it's a nightmare and I mean as some of
the stuff is caught on on cell phones
and video tapes and you can watch them
what we always know is gonna happen is
immediately the media comes out with one
before the facts are even known the
media always comes out this is not gonna
be a rant about the media I'm not gonna
do that thing but I do have to show this
montage just to remind us this is the
way that shootings get covered this is a
six there's been a theme in many of his
remarks after that church shooting in
Texas President Trump said it would be a
little too soon to talk about gun laws
after the massacre in Las Vegas he said
we'll be talking quote we will talk
about gun laws as time goes on David
there has not been a a very serious
public policy conversation about gun
control here at this administration in
this White House the president will see
if this is the one that forces that
policy conversation this according to
Bill Bratton the former NYPD
Commissioner is yet another example of
how this country seems to have the SiC
preoccupation with guns and it manifests
itself into these really terrible mass
shooting history is not serious about
understanding where we fall short of
international standards in this case we
are going to say we're exceptional
country if you look at other peer
countries in places like Japan or
Western Europe they do not have the
incidents of violence against children
that we have in this country week I read
a stat tonight there have been 18 school
shootings elsewhere in the world over
the last two decades in our country
alone there have been 18 school
shootings in the last 35 days and do you
believe lawmakers failed you in that
moment do you believe we can do better
than this go a little bit bigger picture
here for me 18th school shooting this
year I keep saying that because it's
only the middle of February right
we are the scourge of the world when it
comes to these nobody is worse than we
are how does that not make the maggot
agenda so it's all the stuff you know
and maybe of course what happens is is
the facts come in frequently it turns
out there was a law on the books oh that
guy slipped through nothing that they do
would have made any difference but they
doesn't change anything they never
change their tune that one guy that you
saw Philip Mudd who's the
counterterrorism expert on CNN who was
making a speech about how Tokyo and
Europe are so much better than we are
about this he had this moment when he
just completely fell apart but I'll play
that clip I have 10 nieces and nephews
we're talking about bump stocks we're
talking about legislation a child of God
is dead cannot we acknowledge in this
country that we can't we cannot accept
this I can't deal wolf I'm sorry we
can't do it yeah now normally I would
make fun of this guy because this is CNN
CNN is news people coming on and their
lips tremble and their eyes fill and
that is supposed to take the place of
some kind of conversation I'm not gonna
make fun of them because I'm not blaming
him for crying you know this is I'm
gonna get a little abstract here because
I'd actually don't want to sit around
talking about the the shooting which is
always again always the same horrible
atrocious story as the last one but you
know one of the reasons that that Plato
didn't trust writing is he said you have
to be able to look at a man to get the
truth you know he should writing was a
new technology and he basically said you
know I it's it's going
ruin our memories and it's going to
separate us from the guy who talks and
the thing is it's nothing wrong
obviously with crime even on the air
caught breaking down over these dead
children who wouldn't it that's what
tears are for but the thing that you say
in the way that you say it are two
separate things that affect one another
I mean just a simple example if I'm
trying to explain to our producer Rob
that two plus two equals four and he
just can't get it I may lose my temper
and say damn it two plus two equals four
right and you know that two plus two the
words that are coming out of my mouth
are literally true the tone in which I'm
saying them is suggesting that Rob is
dense or that he's there's something
wrong with him that's not true
that's so that my emotions are untrue in
that case my words are literally right
you know bluntly true that's all if you
just put that down on paper as writing
you wouldn't see what had really
happened there and that was plato's
objection basically one of his
objections in this case it's the other
way around the emotions are quite
reasonable completely reasonable but
that has nothing to do with the words
that are coming out of his mouth about
bump stocks and we don't know if there
were bump stocks news we don't know
anything about this or whether any of
this would do anything and that has
become the way that issues are discussed
you know one of my favorite books in
fact the book now that I think about is
look at that example a similar example
about math speaking math in an angry
voice comes from one of my favorite
books is a book called after virtue it's
by alasdair macintyre MacIntyre and it
talks about why one of the things it
talks about is I'm just about to reread
this book so it's been a while since
I've read it but I'm but I do remember
it because it really had a big big
effect on me one of the things he talked
about is why our conversations are so
endless why they are so endless why they
going why we keep having the same
conversations over and over again
abortion just as guns it just keeps
going on and it gets very frustrated let
me pause for a minute you know here's it
here's an ad that I can barely do with a
serious face ever the last time I did it
people were making fun of me because
it's for keeps it's for a thing that's
supposed to keep your hair from falling
out what are you laughing out it's too
late for me all right it's too late then
you know give me some sympathy here this
this stuff actually doesn't work once
you've lost your hair
get it now man you know do you want to
look like this come on come on you don't
want to look like this keeps keeps is
the easiest way to keep your hair it
offers the only two hair loss products
that are clinically proven to keep the
hair you have which in my case right we
just need a little dab to keep the hair
yep but in your case if probably is
probably not too late
keeps is entirely online it's only $10
to $35 a month so that's about a buck a
day or less on average this is half of
what you typically pay at the pharmacy
getting started with keeps as easy to
answer a few questions you snap some
photos just show them what's going on a
licensed doctor remotely reviews your
information and gives you the right
prescription all without ever leaving
your couch within two to three days a
three-minute month supply of your
treatment will arrive perfectly packaged
at your door you don't have to let this
happen to you you can stop hair loss
today the easy way with keeps offering
customized treatment plans with only
clinically proven hair loss products for
about one dollar a day from the comfort
of your couch to receive your first
month of treatment for free go to keeps
calm slash Clavin it's ke EPS calm yes
but how do you spell Clavin it's que la
VA n keeps calm slash Clavin for a free
month of treatment here today hair
tomorrow is their their slogan as my
brother used to say every man gets a
certain amount of testosterone some of
you guys wasted growing hair but if
you've been spending your time you want
to hold on to it the reason one of the
reasons that this book after virtue says
that our arguments go on forever is
because we ascribe to what is called
emotivism that our are the way of
talking about things our way of talking
about things has fallen apart and
emotivism is the idea that all judgments
are nothing but an expression of
preference so if I say this is good what
I mean is I like this I prefer it this
philosophy is nonsense but we have sunk
so deep into it that we basically think
that's what we're arguing about we're
arguing about whether this guy cries on
the air we're arguing about whether you
feel offended we're not arguing about
whether something is right or wrong you
know and what
one of the things that I keep saying in
order to know whether something is right
or wrong you have to know what something
is for yesterday on Groupon Twitter a
band called our last night tweeted me
and said we saw you on dave rubin and we
guy said he's a big fan of the show he's
listening to the show but he happened to
see me on doing an interview and dave
rubin and he wrote a song for me
inspired by me and it kind of cracked me
up because it's this kind of punk is
that what it would be called punk rock
yeah that I wouldn't listen to but the
lyrics of the opening come right out of
my mouth so it's play this thing and you
can hear me talking minute
stewey to me
make sense
so it's not you know it's pretty good
actually it's good it's a good song and
apparently they're a big cover band and
people really like them and the video is
very cool it's got it gets very weird as
it goes on it's got like this half form
body on the on a table and all but this
stuff that I'm saying that I'm saying
through that song that you have to know
what you're for and in order for your
philosophy to make sense and in order to
know the good from the bad you know I
mean that's that is how you know Jesus
jesus said be perfect they always quote
this would be perfect like your father
in heaven is perfect but the word for
perfect there is the word for reaching
your end reaching your purpose
fulfilling what you're here for so what
he's saying is that that when you
understand that it starts to make sense
of all things of the things like you
know turn the other cheek what he's
saying is you fulfill your purpose don't
let other people get in the way of you
doing that and it in fact the word for
sin in in Greek is a word that means to
miss the target it doesn't mean to do
something bad it means to miss your end
and so that's what we're really arguing
about and when everybody is saying the
same thing you have to start to ask
yourself questions you because every
every incident a shooting a school
shooting a vote every incident can be
covered from a million different angles
so if everybody is covering it from the
same angle you have to start to say hey
there's an agenda here right
you might cover this just tell the facts
that would be a good way to start
you might cover it from the mental
illness point of view you might cover it
from cut the gun point of view whatever
you will you know whatever you're doing
when everybody is covering it from the
same point of view you have to say why
why is it it's because they don't really
have a sense of what the gun issue is
about yesterday somebody wrote me in the
mailbag and asked me about freewill and
I was kind of riffing on it I wasn't
talking about but you know there's a guy
as you will know a Harare I think his
name is he wrote this really interesting
book called sapiens and he's one of
these guys who like Sam Harris just
makes these absolute statements with
absolute confidence that you can't
possibly know whether they're true or
not so there's no freewill it was over
illusion illusion it's always an
illusion you know religion really just
it's a fiction religion or just fiction
you think like wait a minute this it's
been going on for thousands of years and
then and then they always use the same
trick they always say this may make some
people uncomfortable as if then you feel
like then you feel like you're the jerk
you know but the fact is it makes you
uncomfortable because it doesn't make
any sense the idea about free will that
I was trying to get across is that
really what we're arguing about one
where our unions are you there is there
a you there and this is the argument
between scientism which is not science
scientism is the idea that science
solves everything and the idea of
spirituality the idea that the internal
the idea of spirituality is that the
internal experience you are having is
what is sacred about you and that
internal experience can be mistaken you
can be seen having delusions but the
very fact that you can be having
delusions means that you can also be
seeing things rightly if you can be
seeing them wrongly that must be because
there is a right
that you are deviating from what the
scientists are always saying is though
this you is an illusion thrown up by
physical forces and that doesn't make
any sense to me because what it
essentially says is there has to be a
physical world in order for there to be
an idea it has to be that every we know
that there are ideas that are true two
plus two equals four is a true idea it
has no physical body but you can never
experience without the physical body you
can experience without my saying that I
can't experience it without the my brain
sending signals to my mind these ideas
only can express themselves in physical
form what makes sense to me is that the
physical world is an expression of an
idea and it's the idea of God and that
you your body or your life is an
expression of the idea of you God's idea
of you that is what the spiritual world
says if that's true then the important
thing the most important thing we have
is you and your freedom your ability to
express the who you are and live out
God's idea of you to the fullest
possible extent which you can only do by
having free choice that means you're
going to make mistakes that means that
some of you are going to do evil that
means that the world is going to be a
much more chaotic and unequal place then
it would be if I if I can stop believing
in you and start controlling
in a way that seems good to the powerful
and the elite right that's the argument
we're having that is the argument we're
having what I say is I say that you your
internal experience of you is the most
important thing about you the other
question I always get in the mailbag is
if God is good and all-powerful why is
there Abel same thing there is evil
because there is freedom there's evil
because there's freedom because the most
important thing to God is you and this
is you know this is the Western
tradition that has come up to us through
Plato - Aristotle through Jesus all of
these guys funneling into our lives and
people have been thinking about this
forever and the peep the same people who
understood that evil was a result of
freedom understood that you should be
free why do we have guns
that's why why do they not want us to
have guns that's why we want to have
guns because we know that freedom means
certain things it means you can't have
equality if I'm free I'm gonna be you're
gonna be a better basketball player than
I am I can't do that unless I stop you
from being a good basketball player
you're going to be better than I am if
we have freedom we can't have peace we
can't have peace all the time because
people want to take away your freedom
they envy it they hate it they despise
it they want to take away your freedom
for your own good as we have watched
over these past weeks we have seen that
there is a large segment of this
population in America that does not like
freedom that will sit there and say oh
North Korea isn't that wonderful isn't
that North Korea lady of the Olympics
isn't she wouldn't look how beautiful
she is she doesn't even use makeup and
look how pretty she is you know and we
say well yeah but they kill people on
mass they put yeah but I mean they're
winning because Mike Pence is evil and
believes in Jesus you know this is what
we're arguing about we know they don't
like our freedom we believe our freedom
is sacred we want guns because we know
one day they might show up at our house
and try to take our freedom away they've
been trying to take it away bit by bit
for a long time we want guns to defend
our freedom and we understand we're not
fools we understand you know this
argument where people say we're more
guns less violence I know I don't know
if that's true or not I mean I would
like to have good people with guns and
just fight off bad guys with guns but
the point is we know there's gonna be
more chaos we know there's going to be
more violence if we're free we believe
as God seems to believe about
us that freedom is worth it freedom is
worth all the bad things that happens
over the fact that these guys go on and
cry on the air I have sympathy with
their tears I cry too and I hear these
stories I you know they they break my
heart but we are talking about something
else and if you want to have that debate
then we can start to build the new
consensus of this country Lee needs
because our old consensus has clearly
disappeared you know speaking of the
Olympics we've been watching the
Olympics all these guys who are so good
at what they do trying to win gold
medals but none of them knows as much
about shaving as I do not one of them
because I have the gold medal in shaving
because look I mean look you don't get
like this without knowing really how to
shave and that is why even before I
started doing commercials for these guys
I have been a subscriber to the dáil
Dollar Shave Club com I got my notice
this very day that they have shipped my
new razors I'm waiting I'm gonna be
standing outside the door like Snoopy in
the cartoons I'm gonna be standing by my
mailbox waiting for my razors to show up
it's cool because first of all it's more
than just razors it's like better than
shopping in this store you get all kinds
of things body wash shampoo toothpaste
anything you want they have this thing
that I like which is a kind of clear gel
that you can use shape butter they call
it I like anything called butter and
everything with a word butter and
whenever you want when they come to me
you know you want your Chardonnay
buttery or dry it's up come on
buttery give me the butter so so they
send you you pick the kind of razor you
want you they send you that razor every
month if you don't want it that month
you press the button says skip if you
want a different razor I trade off
between the simple two blades and the
executive razor which has a hundred and
fifty three blades and takes four days
just to shave your head but then your
hair never grows back so it's good so
you can go for the shaving gold by
joining Dollar Shave Club today it's
just five for just five bucks with Free
Shipping you'll get their starter set
and that has the six blade executive
razor which trust me you'll love this
razor it is it is great I mean I only
use it on work days that's how that's
how much I love it I only use it on work
days it's a six blade executive razor
and you'll also get trial sizes of shave
butter body cleanser and one wipe
Charlies and keep the blades coming for
a few bucks more every month you can get
yours at dollarshaveclub.com
slash
Clavin and you say yeah okay you're an
expert of shaving but how do you spell
Clavin it's que la VA and
dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin for
five bucks who get their starter kit let
them know we sent you all these people
all these sponsors let them know you we
sent you so they keep us on the air all
right we're gonna go to this incredible
interview and I'll come back and I'm
gonna talk about terminator and what it
means in in keeping with what I was just
talking about it actually continues the
thought that I was having but you you
really should read this book the strange
death of Europe immigration identity and
Islam by Douglas Murray it is a brave
book it's a smart book it's a restrained
book in this intelligent book one of the
things that is so touching about this
interview is that the first part of the
book is very factual tells you what
happened and how this immigration policy
has basically put Europe on the ropes
I'm not sure it's going to survive at
all the second half is about what's
wrong with Europe and the void at the
center of Europe the spiritual void in
the century and he said he expected to
be attacked over that and nobody even
noticed it I noticed that I thought it
was a great part of the book Douglas
Murray is the he founded the former
london-based think-tank Center for
social cohesion and he's an associate
director for the Henry Jackson Society
and associate editor for The Spectator
an excellent conservative magazine in
England here is a really interesting
interview with Douglas Murray Douglas
thank you for coming on I appreciate it
it's great to be with you uh you know I
just I loved this book I thought it was
just a tremendously brave intelligent
well researched and well reasoned piece
and I I'm wondering what what is the
reaction bin I know in England people
can really take a lot of hits for
expressing opinions like this have you
has it been a difficult thing to publish
a book like this well anyway much less
than I thought I was expecting what in
the war and described as more witch
burning than there has been the book
immediately became a best-seller in the
UK went number one on the bestseller
charts in Britain and most of the
reaction was was muted praise there was
a little bit of attempt to shut it down
unsurprisingly early on
from some of the political left in the
UK by decrying it with the usual
accusations that are that are used but
but I tell you what that one thing is
striking to me is on the pond that the
element of the book that is about what
has happened immigration what it has
been in Europe and Britain in recent
decades there has been some objection to
me mentioning it as usual but it's been
picked up it's been discussed the bit
that has struck me is that absolutely
nobody I think has picked up on what I
regard as being in some ways the even
more important part of the book which is
the US bit the bit I described as the
vacuum into which people are walking you
know the silence on that I find I find
extraordinary it was my favorite part of
the book and I want to get to it but I
want to make sure that people understand
what we're talking about when we get to
it as you didn't in the book in fact
let's start about you know the strange
that he's called the strange death of
Europe from subtitles immigration
identity in Islam so let's talk about
immigration what what vision are you
putting forward what have you seen
happen through immigration since
basically since World War two so I start
in the post-world War two period when
Europe started to invite in the guest
workers to help rebuild after the war
but what I see is a speeding up of that
process a sort of losing control of that
process by consecutive governments in
each Western European country and then
the book really focuses on what then
happened in 2015 when Angela Merkel
famously opened the doors of Europe to
the world and added two percent of the
German population in a single year alone
almost three percent to the Swedish
population in a single year alone and I
say that's that's just a speeding up of
a process that had long been underway
and it's a it's a losing control of the
borders and an unwillingness to really
enforce the difference between legality
and illegality to decide that the Lord
really didn't matter all that much or it
was more comfortable not to enforce the
law so that by the
we're right up-to-date you have this
situation which I describe as a sort of
moroseness that we've got into where we
sort of don't know who's in our
countries when terrible things happen as
a result of that we skirt over them very
fast because we don't know what to do
and this I think is is a catastrophic
situation to be in and indeed a deathly
deadly situation to be in all through
this process you describe the fact that
the people didn't want it the people
repeating this is every poll they kept
saying no please stop and sometimes the
politicians would make speeches as if
they were going to stop why didn't they
well it became more comfortable for them
not to do so that's that that's my
overriding impression by the time the
Blair government came in in the late
1990s in the UK the the the immigration
minister at the time that makes his
clear he says removals are very
difficult both for the person undergoing
them and for those enforcing them and so
it's just easier not to do removals
that's removals of people who have
broken into the country oughtn't to be
there have failed every round of the the
appeals process you know even those
people and now you see when you've got
come straight up to date by the 2015
crisis in Germany I give an example of
something I was told about whilst I was
there on one occasion researching for
the book when for once and I think 2016
min to 2017 for once even the German
authorities decided that they had a
group of people from Pakistan who had
absolutely no right to come into Germany
or Europe in 2015 who said that they
wanted asylum they obviously weren't
asylum seekers they just wanted to have
the economic benefits of Europe and and
Germany put them on a plane to send them
back to Pakistan a very very rare event
this and the plane came straight back
because the Pakistani officials simply
said they would accept the people yeah
some of this stuff were seen here now in
America we're debating here now in
America how we keep hearing especially
conservatives keep hearing the
his horror stories about what's going on
in Sweden Germany the women being raped
women you mentioned one story a couple
of stories in the book that I just found
mind-bending where women would be raped
but wouldn't report it there would be
yes seeming bigoted or making it part of
the immigrants is is this are these
horror stories true is this actually
going on oh yeah everything I write in
this book I'm very conscious that
there's a tendency to over egg some of
the things that have been going on in
Europe in recent years and and there's
also tendency to shut down the argument
so what I've done in this book is
through first-hand reporting and from
you know a lot of footnote in referenced
events names of people names of
locations it you know made it sort of
critic proof to say what's actually
going on and then to say look this is
what it is are you happy with this you
know I'm not saying here's how you
completely change it or here's how you
turn around say here is a situation we
in Europe have found ourselves in and
and as I say I think that the the
striking thing is that you don't need to
over egg any of this what is going on on
the ground that you can see is
extraordinary
um camps of hundreds of people living on
the streets outside the center of klaris
and the suburbs of klaris living along
the that the sidewalks in tents and now
you know it's not that Paris has fallen
or anything like that if you go into the
center of Paris it's as beautiful and
charming as it ever was
it's just that if you go slightly
outside this is what you find it's the
same in sweet and all of other places
I've traveled across the continent life
you know to a great extent goes on as
normal
unless you're unlucky enough to be a
member of the public and not in the
highest net worth bracket in which case
you've got to accept that the society
you're born into is in the process of
fundamentally changing whether you like
it or not you don't have a say and so
much of this I mean as I said the the
subtitle the book is called the strange
death of Europe immigration identity in
Islam
much of this has to do with Islam and
it's the the terror of seeming bigoted
by criticizing Islam as if there is if
Islam or a race as if it weren't a set
of ideas and somehow it's wrong to
criticize a set of ideas we hear stories
here of English people actually being
arrested for saying disparaging things
about Islam I should fast first if that
if those stories are true can you
actually get arrested or penalized and
someone you can you can certainly call
them for questioning
arrest well invite him for questioning
by the police if you were different
since say certain things about the
religion what we seem to be saying
things that are draw a tree about a
group I mentioned the Islam thing in the
subtitle of this book for a very
specific reason we've had seen all sorts
of immigration into Europe what's
striking to me about the Islam bit is
that it's just obviously at this stage
the bit of the immigration that Europe
is finding it hardest to digest and
which you know maybe it will not be able
to digest it maybe it won't be able to
accommodate it without having to undergo
very significant changes which I think
we are undergoing or we know with
increasingly very disturbing events
going on i but but the islam bit is is a
serious values challenge we are in this
very strange dialogue at the moment as a
society with certainly portions of the
Muslim communities in Europe where we in
Europe say we would like you after all
these decades we would like you to
become like us and a certain portion of
this community says we don't want to
become like you look at you we don't
want that and we say back are you sure
we love it if you joined us be ever so
nice and they say no and then eventually
we get to the crucial one is that they
effectively say what you going to do
about it and we say nothing that's the
current status of the dialogue right
right and it's very frightening because
the the stupidity of the debate at least
here is is so intense that it does seem
it just seems a worthwhile question is
it possible to have a set of ideas
that's antithetical to Western
thought and of course it is yes you are
going to show you your reassure you that
your American debate your positively
Socratic dialogue in Europe at least you
have a discussion and dialogue on these
matters at least you have outriders
prominent figures who are putting their
heads above the parapet in it is a very
very small number of people remotely
willing to do that in Europe yeah I you
know let's let us talk about this idea
of the void in Europe I you mentioned
the book submission which I read last
year is really one of the best certainly
will of X best novel and one of the best
modern novels I've read in several years
and basically the thesis of this book
without giving it away but the thesis of
the book is there's nothing to regret if
we leave behind the West the West is
broken and empty you you call it a sense
that things are over a sense that the
story is over it described that a little
bit so people know what we're talking
about this is that this is a really
striking thing to me is that all of
these things are things that have
happened to us all the immigration and
so on but what we what we're what we
reduced to now is what one French
philosopher recently described is we had
this idea that our values would go
around the world and for time we tried
some of that then that retreated and now
in this morose period of I wonder if we
can hold on to them for ourselves now my
view is there is underneath all of this
going on in Europe this sense of of
ennui or what I call tiredness though we
sort of tried everything
we're I'm persuaded that we should
continue to take our own position in any
argument and we've decided basically to
be a sort of United Nations of the world
a place where basically anyone can move
in and call it home and see I think this
sense of tiredness the void is
exacerbated by the movement of people
into Europe because you lose your sense
of what it is that makes you you or what
makes your society your society other
than that it's the sort of rather nice
sort of my
and cam grande migrant camp and and so
all those things we used to talk about
oh you know that the British sensibility
or the you know the French manner and so
on all these things become even those
sort of glib bits become basically a
passe they don't really sum up what
we've become or what we're in the
process of becoming and you know I think
that even we have this endless debate in
Britain our what our British values and
they're they're basically reconfigured
all the time and you know children in
schools are meant to be taught British
values and this is this this something
really in my mind pitiful about this
because even even as I was growing up I
knew I'm only in my late 30s I knew what
British values were I still do I think I
certainly got a sense of what being
British is and an immovable sense of
that but but but we've had to change
that because if you invite in the world
you've basically got to change your self
definition and so we have this thing now
where instead of it being an
identifiable thing you can touch you can
feel being British is is a sort of set
of rather packed things about you know
being British about being inclusive it's
never about anything that could keep
anyone out it's only about things that
could keep the widest possible range of
people in and you know this is what we
reduced to and because we're trying to
include the world the whole point of a
definition is that have excludes other
things I mean that is almost the
definition of a definition you talk
about you talk about in the in the novel
submission I there is the scene where
the protagonist tries to go back and
recapture some of the feeling of
Christianity you write in the strange
death of Europe of how the decay of
Christianity the post living in a
post-christian world has basically
pulled out the last the bottom block of
the tower so that you have nothing to
base your identity on yes this is this
is a very painful bit in the book for me
to write and learn for a lot of readers
I'm just trying to say where I think we
are a lot of people aren't willing to do
that I'm not a little Eva myself
I say this not from a point to try to
prove my own rightness but just to
diagnose to define and my own view is
that yes there sis we are in this
extraordinary void at the moment because
we no longer want to sustain the things
that got us here and indeed we're doing
something which i think is very common
across the West and I think in America
in particular at the moment which is to
sort of assume as that that where you
and I are at the moment is the natural
default position of mankind that
basically if you went through any period
in history we could be we could be in
the you know three five thousand years
ago we could be four hundred years going
to be seventy years ago and basically uh
it would all sort of default to where we
are now we'd be having a conversation on
skype about the same ideas none of this
none of this takes into account the far
more obvious thing is that what you and
I enjoy what what the people we know
enjoy is unbelievable blip at the
endpoint of a process none of which was
inevitable none of which was always
going to get us here and so the ideas
matter and that's why by the way just
quickly to go back to the Islam thing
that's why nobody wants to talk about
what Islam's ideas and values are
because we just kind of hope that it
doesn't matter and that ideas don't
matter and we've always got here you
know and and and and the same thing with
this desire to sort of basically rewrite
our past we're always gonna be here
we're always going to enjoy this human
rights and now all we've got to do is
mix a little bit of the transgender bit
still fix a little bit of other bits of
Rights make women and men exactly the
same and a couple of other really simple
processes and then we're sort of in
Navarre and I think this is all
predicated on lies it's all lies
terrible terrible miss readings
ignorance lies but at least let's be
honest whatever we think at least lit
diagnose where we are honest and as I
say I find almost well very few I mean
ones of people willing to do their yes I
you know I
I am a Jew who became a Christian at the
age of 50 and I keep reading yours is is
maybe the fifth or sixth book including
submission actually that puts forward
the idea that only with Christianity can
our civilizations stand but I cannot
believe as an intellectual man of the
moment I simply cannot believe and I
think that that is where the crisis lies
I really do think we need a new oxford
movement that brings intellectual weight
it's one of the directions it could go
in there's a number of directions I
think one of them is that thing of yes
returning to a source now some people by
the way returning to the source and see
it is the Enlightenment I'm not entirely
opposed that by any means I think that
has its own sort of creation myth and so
on yes but there are various ways you
can go back this what I what I just urge
people to do in this book it's to return
seriously to this debate to recognize
the reality of where we are to recognize
the truth of how we got here and to at
least involve themselves in that serious
and profound discussion whether they're
believers or non-believers I do say at
one point in the book that if we could
mend what has been the believer versus
non-believer rift of recent years and
recognize that I quote a former a bishop
of Edinburgh were basically Christians
whether we like it or not of course if
we sort of recognize some of that you
can get towards healing this rift what I
do know though is that with all of the
challenges we now face in our societies
I just cannot see any way round or
through them that doesn't involve an
addressing of this fundamental schism
yes now you mentioned the Marcelo para
book I which I was one of the books I
read and I think you're absolutely right
I wish I could talk to you why would we
talk to you for another hour I really
could but I'm out of time one day yes
but please if you're in LA please do
look me up and I just think it's a
terrific book the strange death of
Europe immigration identity Islam by
Douglas Murray Douglas thank you so much
for coming on I appreciate it being a
great pleasure all right I think you
will remember that that book actually
made stuff I liked which is incredibly
rare for a piece of nonfiction and
speaking of stuff I like here is
stuff I like we have no noise for stuff
I like right I just say yeah we gotta
have some annoying so listen I'm gonna
talk about two works
one is childhoods end by arthur c clarke
and the others terminator they're going
to be spoilers so if you think you're
gonna read these books you know i
I'm giving stuff away there's just no
way to talk about them without going
through the whole thing but I'll give
you a moment turn down your don't have
to listen you know we're talking about
the individual and what it means to
believe in the sacredness of the
individual experience and what it means
not to believe in it and some of this is
becoming more and more complicated as
technology goes forward you know I have
I've had to wrestle with a lot of
questions recently in my life I mostly
what I do is write man you know that is
the purpose of my life the purpose of my
life is to write things down to make
beautiful things and I write fiction and
I write nonfiction and I try to write
things that will matter to people
obviously but recently I've noticed that
because as my worldview has changed and
developed I was always a hard-boiled
down-to-earth realistic detective writer
story you know or detective story writer
I would write crime fiction and recently
it's become very hard for me to write
realistically and express what I want to
express and that's where you got
something like another Kingdom which is
a sort of hard-boiled story that then
goes into this fantasy world and now you
know and I'm wrestling with how to do
this and one of the things that makes
fiction so difficult right now is how
fast technology is developing so if you
think about the fact that the Internet
has been around for like 25 years and
has changed everything it's changed
everything so you write a story before
the Internet and it's virtually you know
out of place I mean it's almost like
reading an historical novel and so it's
very hard to keep up and I was looking I
started to look at science fiction and
science fiction has never been my
favorite kind of fiction because it
deals with ideas too often it doesn't
deal with character and characters what
I think is essential to fiction but I
was thinking about these two these two
questions of what's this question of
where we're going with technology and in
these two works
Arthur C Clarke's childhoods end and the
Terminator film the first Terminator
film I never care about any sequel
people always tell me Terminator 2 is a
great sequel it is a good sequel but
only the original idea is
has the core the kernel of the thought
in it that makes it really come to life
for me now recently I was reading this
book called sapiens by Yuval Noah Harare
I mentioned him earlier he's an Israeli
professor materialist doesn't believe in
free will and he talks at the end of
this book and he has a new book which is
about this which I haven't read about
what is going to happen with technology
and he talks about how we are going to
evolve out of ourselves and there's no
stopping us so for instance we're going
to enhance our memory so our memory we
might be able to remember everything
we're going to be able to blend our mind
so I might be able to remember your
memories we're going to be able to
replace our parts with cyborg parts we
might even be able to live forever not
just a mortal which means you live until
the car runs you over but in immortal
which means you live forever all these
things he says we're going to be
transformed into gods and I thought
about that you know the idea that we
would Trant be transformed into Gaza but
not human none of the things that we
think about now care about now love now
that mattered to us now are going to
matter to creatures who do not have the
bodies that we have death itself has
contributed so much to the meaning of
our life into our speculation of what
comes after death that it would just be
these people would be unrecognizable as
human beings there would be a new thing
childhoods end by arthur c clarke is
probably his best book he's the guy
wrote the script of 2001 a space odyssey
is about this these aliens who come down
to earth they're called the overlords
and they simply give the people of earth
the technology they need to have peace
to develop all kinds of medicines they
basically create paradise on earth but
what they strip human beings are is
their creativity because once you have
an overlord you don't need to create
things yourself everything is fine
everything goes perfectly life and and
people buy into this most of the people
buy into this but the one thing the
overlords never do is they never show
you themselves they won't let the people
see them until Paradise has really
locked in now you're living in paradise
and now like 50 years after they come
down they finally come out and show
themselves here's from the TV show the
Syfy TV show the scene where the
overlords finally come out and show
people what they look like
and if you couldn't see it if it's just
listening man they look like Satan
basically they look like the devil and
the idea here is that people had the
knowledge that they would show up and
they turned them into evil people
they're not evil they're just the next
phase and what finally happens is a new
generation of children are born under
this regime that have special powers and
can link to each other's minds and they
are the next version of humankind
they're one mind and the old version of
humankind
becomes sterile ceases to have children
and life loses its meaning and they die
out and that's why the overlords are
here they're there to transition us into
this new world where we're no longer
human beings we're just a single mind
in keeping with in touch with the
universe usually when you think about
terminator you think about the killer
drones you think about this idea that
machine started building themselves a
sort of building killer drones Glenn
Reynolds if in Stefan's it has a piece
about this in the USA today it's a I
think fred saberhagen wrote the novels
that kind of inspired this vision of
Skynet but if you think about it what
terminator is also about is defending
the human and we might have to defend
the human from something more advanced
than the human we might have to defend
the human from something that seems to
us godlike but eliminates who in fact we
are and of course the classic moment
that you remember Terminator Terminator
is about a robot
Arnold Schwarzenegger who is cyborg who
is sent back to kill an ordinary woman
and one of the things I love about this
movie that the sequels all ruined is
she's just a Schmo she's just an
ordinary woman worried about her hairdo
worried about the latest rock songs
worried about with her dates and all
this and she says couldn't be more
ordinary but she is going to give birth
to the hero who is going to fight back
against Skynet and the machines and the
wonderful line at the end and the
wonderful line that became kind of
iconic there's so many quotable lines in
the movie almost every line is quotable
I know I'll be Bach and all that that
stuff but this is the wonderful line
that I always loved where the hero
finally comes out of nowhere after the
cyborg comes out of nowhere and starts
the killer she doesn't know what's going
on and then the hero comes out of
nowhere and he has this famous line
come with me if you want to live
I just love that scene it's come with me
if you want to live and the emphasize is
on live if you want humanity to live
what happens in the Terminator movies
I'm sure almost everybody knows is
basically the hero from the future
sleeps with this ordinary girl from the
present and they conceived together the
hero and the south vivek act in this
moment is the act of sex the act of a
man and a woman coming together to
create another person and of course that
is the thing that is so under threat you
know all these feminists I'm always
yelling about the feminists the the left
attacking men and women they attack the
fact of men and women the differences
between men and women the
complementarity between men and women
the sacredness of sex and childbirth why
we protect it with so many rituals and
with marriage and why we fight against
abortion the very fact of childbirth we
are defending the human race even if it
turns out that progressives are right
and they are to me the progressives
always seem like savages they always
seem like they're regressing into the
world of savagery but in fact maybe they
are anticipating this world that goes
beyond humanity and what we are saying
is no if you save the world if you make
the world a perfect place but you don't
make it a perfect place for humans what
have you done what have you done if you
advance beyond your humanity
have you actually advanced at all or
have you simply disappeared have you
simply ended the human race you know all
of these guys Ferrari they guy wrote
this this book I'm talking about Sam
Harris they all become snakebit by
Buddhism they all love Buddhism and
Buddhism is essentially an a super human
philosophy because what Buddhism really
says is you don't have to suffer you
don't have to suffer you can rise above
your suffering if you simply rise above
your desires if you simply stop being a
natural human and rise above that state
you can become something that doesn't
suffer Jesus says something entirely
different he says take up your cross and
follow me suffer and live come with me
if you want to live we're really in a
conversation about the future because
some of these things are not going to be
able you're not going to be able to stop
them when they enhance people's memory
it's going
be to solve Alzheimer's so who's gonna
stop them from making that but if I take
it and don't have Alzheimer's then I'll
have a super memory so that you know
these things are gonna come in a way
that can't be stopped but but we we can
lay the blueprint of where we go we
don't have to go where science can go we
can go where we want to go and I think
that defending humanity is a worthwhile
thing and I really do think that's the
conversation the conversation we're
having is not about how to prevent
gunshots it's not how to prevent evil
you'll never prevent evil that's the
whole point the conversation that we're
having is whether or not the individual
human experience is worth preserving now
and into the future the claim this
weekend is upon us go listen to another
kingdom I'm still pitching this thing I
got two more pitches tomorrow for the
movie other TV version or a movie
version and we really need your you to
be there as an audience and to leave the
ratings got over 2,000 five-star ratings
it is a really really entertaining story
voiced by some guy named Michael Knowles
who did a great job went long today so
you can treasure this but the claim of
this weekend is unavoidable it will come
survivors gathered here on Monday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
