joel jay says favorite fictional
universe CNN CNN is my favorite
functional universe i if it didn't exist
i would have to invent it it is so
wonderful because you see i i go through
the world and i see the sun is shining
and the economy is doing very well and
taxes are being reformed and the
government's getting off my back and oh
we're being respected in the world again
that's what to do oh we've got justices
now who actually support the
constitution i believe that the words on
the page mean with the words on the page
mean you what to do to do and that's
really nice but it can get a little
boring guys it's okay I actually some
I'm so exhausted at the end of the day
because I get sick and tired of winning
then I get to turn on CNN and I get to
go into the fictional universe where
this dragon lady in North Korea who
makes a Mel demarcus look like Martha
Washington and where she's this
wonderful leader of the world and
America's so embarrassing and it's awful
were causing chaos and ma'am and bombs
are gonna go off and the missiles are
gonna fly that's very exciting
so I certainly it's CNN is almost reason
enough to keep bundled cable just so you
can keep watching that wonderful fantasy
fiction
