this Valentine's Day Wednesday February
14 at 5:00 p.m. eastern join us for
another episode of the conversation and
talked to Michael Knowles if you're a
daily wire subscriber you can log on to
our website open the chat box and type
in all those thoughts you can't ask
anyone else how much do you love the new
tax plan Michael do you ever write a
real book the conversation will stream
live on YouTube Facebook and the daily
wire website it's free for everyone to
watch but only subscribers can join and
ask the questions join the conversation
well everyone I'm sorry but also not
sorry I'm really shocked rouse welcome
to this romantic Valentine's episode of
the conversation featuring The Daily
wires own Michael Knowles this is gonna
be a pretty fun episode and remember
everyone it's free to watch but only the
conversation questions that can be asked
come from subscribers so please remember
our conversation is live for everyone to
watch but only you can be a part of it
if you are a subscriber you can go to
daily wire comm right now to subscribe
open up the conversation box enter your
questions in the chat box and all that
stuff and ask you anything any
absolutely that's what that's what the
promo said ask me and be a real saucy of
us anything be sure to tune in for next
month episode featuring the one and only
Ben Shapiro unfortunately I don't think
Ben is down to do a hilarious promotion
video asked to borrow my smokey jacket
he did well and the in the bow tie that
you were for the State of the Union so
next month is gonna be Ben it's gonna be
lots of fun that's on Tuesday March 13th
I don't know maybe we can get him to
dress up like a leprechaun because it's
the week of you got him to think about
me rabbit thing I did yeah I don't know
it was a costume he already owned and
he's referring of course the daily where
Christmas
right March 13th 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific time thank you for coming
thanks for having I'm glad you finally
made it all the way back I made uh it
was this was by the skin of my teeth I
just got off an airplane I haven't slept
in two days I was in Palm Beach for a
panel at a lovely place called the
coudair Institute and we were discussing
the future of conservatism I got off and
I'm very underslept and so hopefully the
answers will be even more illuminating
and with one foot in heaven possibly so
it's at speaking of heaven are you
getting in even though you don't have a
shun your forehead I do have to go it's
Ash Wednesday so ash wednesday has
coincided with Valentine's Day yeah
which I was very pleased about because
it Catholics have to fast on Ash
Wednesday it's a fasting day so I really
wanted to still do my Valentine's Day
dinner with sweet little Lisa tonight
because it would be a very cheap check
but unfortunately we're gonna push it
off a couple days and yeah I have to I
didn't wasn't able to make it to mass
before getting here so I have to go to
an evening Mass so a Valentine's related
a story that kind of broken the news
today it seems as if Rob Porter and hope
Hicks have called it quits that's what a
great man sad it's sad a sad news on
Valentine's Day I'm single and all alone
on Valentine's Day
listen sweet little Lisa watches this
show I can't make any improper comments
about this but you know I'm listen
there are many very eligible bachelors
walking around the White House I'm sure
that picture just popped up again yeah
like some video yeah well don't don't
show a hoe picks that are you gonna
confess to what you filmed like the next
time you go you know there there is a
one unforgivable sin in the gospel but
there might be two actually I think
there might be two I don't know if I'll
bring it up with the priest we have our
first question guys I wasn't just
stalling just a stall we wanted to get
this very first question from Joel Jay
he says what's up Casa Knowles how
jealous does your fiance get when you
flirt borderline harass your female
panelists how much flirting would be
considered how much flirting would be
considered by the Catholic Church that's
sinful yeah yeah Catholic Church well
you know sweet little ELISA might as
well be the originator of the me to
campaign I think I don't think she feels
jealousy I think she feels commiserate
with her fellow panelists you know
you're just like fine is she a nurturing
type person she thinks she can change
she's a saint she will talk about the
Catholic Church
I'd I don't know how much flirting is
considered simple by the church but I do
know Lent is a time of spiritual
discipline we fast like our Lord fasted
in the wilderness that's a time to think
you know have a memento mori' think
about death and think about the
sacrifice of Christ and I sanctifies us
in this period sweet little Elise's
sanctified every single day of her life
so as she's certainly gonna go straight
up straight up mm-hmm
do you do you believe in purgatory oh
yeah yeah of course yeah so you're
spending a long time there I'm gonna
Jack for a really long time I'm not a
gambling man but I I would put money on
a fairly long stint in purgatory if I'm
lucky hopefully that'll be that that'd
be a win it's better than the other
place okay Spencer regal says is it a
mere coincidence that Maude from another
kingdom shares her voice of sweet little
things that I did
so another kingdom for those who didn't
watch it if you didn't watch it go over
there right now and download the punish
a son ricochet you injured ooh yeah it's
a drew wrote this excellent novel
another kingdom about a 30-year old
schlub who can't catch a break in
Hollywood and for some reason he cast me
in that I don't know why sounds familiar
sounds familiar I don't know Jimmy also
write a blank book and convinced Ben
Shapiro it was you know there was a lot
of method acting in this role and so I
performed all the parts huh and so I
told my fiancee sweet little ELISA I
said you know one of the I didn't do
this intentionally but what was called
for and one of the characters voices was
a little bit similar to sweet little
Lisa
except not in real life oh well I don't
know you know it's interpretations
artistically and so anyway I told her
that I did I used her voice for one of
the characters and she said Oh Mac is it
is it that lovely protagonist what a
wonderful woman so yes something like
that and it ended up being this
characters half rat and half woman
upset doesn't watch your podcast
certainly not every single update that
she gets enough of it yeah she doesn't
need to have an extra hour to a fan
today so before we continue I have to do
a reveal of an inside joke here at the
Daily wire that is absolutely hilarious
okay and you're pretty skilled at
handling the scenario you saw my show
yesterday I saw your show yesterday and
let's just say you know this is a great
reminder to tell everyone that the
conversation is brought with Michael
Knowles is brought to you by Skillshare
watch these skills as Michael Knowles
tries to dodge an intruder who's just
looking for Dale but we know so little
about the guy that actually oh hold on
one second I'm just finishing up a show
yes could I just finish up my program
about five minutes certainly we've got a
guest on the show so maybe that's my
Valentine I'm thank you for watching yes
so I'm in Palm Beach I was being hosted
by Dale coudair a lovely woman of the
coudair Institute and we're in her
beautiful villa in Palm Beach and we're
getting ready to do this so I had to
broadcast from there in order to to do
the show the only place with reliable
internet was this little broom closet on
the side and this woman that woman
obviously is not Dale I don't know who
she is
I think she's like no yeah she was too
long to wait I like it there's a real
Palm Beach attitude ooh I got I got
places to be honey and so she walks in I
don't know if she knew that I was
broadcasting a show I sort of think
maybe she thought I was watching a show
yeah having a phone call yeah but she
says you have to give this to her she I
guess she assumed I was on staff and
then I said well I just need five
minutes do sorry you do kind of look
like you would be like like a banner boy
like what are the the Gophers called
like in golf the go for like a caddy
daddy yeah so but she wouldn't I said
you could I just have five minutes and
no it's about four and a half minutes
too long hon here you go
side I never found out who she is but
Dale is very nice you know oh my gosh I
forgot to give de Leon
I kid you not I didn't give her the
envelope well I hope she can make it's a
Valentine well today if you need to work
on skills yes like remembering things
writing things that's right
Skillshare is a wonderful platform I
really like this it's an online platform
with over 18,000 classes in design
business technology and more you I
wonder that woman was probably so busy
cuz she had to run to one of those
18,000 classes you can take them in
graphic design social media marketing
illustration mobile photography you name
it they've got it so whether you're
trying to deepen your professional skill
set start a side hustle you know this is
the 21st century so obviously people you
don't just work for a company for 60
years anymore you have got to widen your
skill set and you know this is also the
21st century so you don't need to go
leave your house heaven forfend you can
do it from the comfort of your own
office your own couch your own computer
skills share is there to keep you
learning and thriving the one that I
really like is the time management one I
have a little bit of trouble in time
management you might have see we throw
my show together in the broom closet
yesterday so they're a bazillion other
classes they're really really good and
it's it's just available to you you
think of all the time you waste just
watching some random stupid TV show or
just kind of staring vacantly off into
space when you could be adding to your
skill set join the millions of students
already learning on Skillshare today
with a special offer just for my
listeners not for anybody else don't say
I never did anything for you get two
months of Skillshare for 99 cents that
is you would be very very foolish not to
take advantage of that that is 99 cents
more than nothing that is a pretty good
deal Skillshare is offering michael
doyle show listeners two months of
unlimited access to over 18,000 classes
for just 99 cents to sign up go to
Skillshare comm slash michael mi CH AE L
naught slash Dale slash michael mi CH AE
L go to Skillshare comm slash Michael to
start your two months now what is it
Skillshare comm slash Michael and I have
to say actually my husband is super
difficult to purchase gifts for me and I
could see purchasing something like this
to for him for it's really good it's and
it's basically free so he Zilla end up
being a cheap date if you get him the
two-month deal much
better than like other things you want
like the gosh too much so we have more
questions we're gonna roll through these
and I don't know how to say her in the
last Navy and so I'm just gonna skip
over it sorry Michael I got my tumblr
today what's the best way to use it
without being swarmed for having one I
gotta tell you half of my Twitter feed
in my email box is people begging me to
get this leftist here's tumblr yeah they
are just how do I get and you can't get
it anywhere like you just have to become
an annual member yeah it's the only way
to get it and so I feel your pain to
quote Bill Clinton you could do that but
I I'm actually a little surprised are
you telling me you would take this out
of your bunker just remind this is this
is some serious stuff
this isn't your run-of-the-mill ma I
know maybe he's in God country though
and not on the east or west coast so
he's okay to take that out that could be
the case he's with fellow travelers yeah
but you know some other talk show hosts
they have these great ashtrays that they
use and those you can bring out anywhere
but for the leftist here's tumbler I
mean this is fda-approved it's the only
fda-approved way to store your
radioactive leftist tears which
obviously can be hot or cold but always
salty and delicious I would keep that in
a very safe place because when the
fallout happens when we get the wall
built across the southern border when we
start deporting all of the dreamers when
we start bombing little Rocketman and
that dragon lady in North Korea the
tears are gonna be flowing you're gonna
want to protect you and your family so
make sure you have this in a very safe
place I'd protect it from the hordes I
wouldn't let it leave the house like
prepper style those who prep don't tell
people they probably those who have left
those first tumblers don't talk about
the leftist here's tumblr that's right
it's very valuable a very important
question from Joshua he wants to know
Noel's are those glasses prescription
they are I don't like the glasses at all
I do because I actually thought when I
first started here at the Daily wire
back in October that you do you wore
them for looks I thought it was no I
certainly don't
derp thing that you were just because I
wanted to look more like Rachel Maddow
yeah I thought you know I don't look
sufficiently like Rachel Maddow Oh
during the regular day now I got these I
made it 27 years of my life without
needing glasses or without getting
glasses rather and my visions been
blurry for a couple years now but I
don't care if I like swerve and hit
pedestrians or crash into a telephone
pole or anything what I really care
about is I can't read the teleprompter
to do ad reads
so I had to get these glasses and but
did you pick them out or did your fiance
pick so this is another example of a
sweet little Lisa being a saint
I decided it would be really funny if
when I finally broke down and got
glasses huh if I got the exact same pair
that she had driver crazy so we we
actually sweet little Lisa and I have
the exact same pair are you serious yeah
you're wearing women's glasses no it's a
unisex use administers wearing well it
is you know it's a very modern style of
glass is this in the booklet of how I
should handle this scenario for somebody
that's transitioning in my company yeah
I'm I learned today I learned the word
pansexual I don't that I think that
means your everything so that's me
that's me glasses are just a symbol of
that okay but but the rest of the outfit
is all I'm mostly a pansexual because
whenever sweet little Lisa is cooking
something up on the stove it gets me
very scintillated but but I think there
are other meanings of that word too we
told you this would be a very odd and
special room it's a condition of the
conversation I apologize Raphael says
hey Michael do you think that the UAV
struck down by Israel has ties to the
UAV sent by Obama and not auto auto
destructed the UAV what is the UAV I
don't know what that is I think he's
referring to the incident yesterday
between Iran and Israel oh yeah I'm
sorry been traveling so my head hasn't
been terribly in the news I don't know
you know the the Obama administration
the Obama administration's policy toward
Israel and toward Iran was very
backwards it was an example of one of
the breaths of fresh air when Donald
Trump came in we thought that the entire
world was going to blow up we were told
to that the Middle East was going to
fall into all hell so without giving I
haven't read up enough on this story to
make some kind of statement like that
even though every single conspiracy
theory by the way that everyone has
floated about Barack Obama has been true
other than birtherism everything has
come to pass as we've seen over the past
few months so I won't comment on that
that's exactly what I will say though is
that we we expected when Donald Trump
came into office that he would blow up
the Middle East he's not he's not
refined like Barack Obama he's not
playing the role of the president he's
not he does he's got his finger on the
button in all of this but what we we
have learned is that that genteel Davos
sophisticated polite strategy of Barack
Obama and the fellow Davos crowd and the
people on the left was it was a failure
was an utter failure it looked like it
would be a success but it was a failure
see I would disagree though I think that
a lot of people didn't even think it
looked like it would be well yeah he
over time Barack Obama's performance and
I mean it would've been roads at the
helm I don't think that you could say
whistling right right but there this was
something we were talking about on the
panel yesterday too because Donna can
you share a little bit about where you
were yesterday
sure yeah this is my I'm sorry that I'm
not answering your question but I
haven't read up enough in the past day
on this to be watching but on this point
this was something we talked about it
was it was panel it at Palm Springs and
we were talking about the future of the
conservative movement and what it I was
there with some conservatives who are
more critical of El Presidente than I am
and you know this president doesn't look
like a president he doesn't talk like a
president not like things that we've
seen doesn't meet like a president he
doesn't tweet like a president is the
first Twitter president but the the
substance of what we're getting is real
and it's I think our looks can be
deceiving in a lot of what this
presidency has been is cracking this
patina of credibility this facade of
things that look nice and sound nice
there was this clip of Barack Obama
where he he promised that FISA wasn't
being abused to spy on Americans to spy
in his political opponents I promise I
guarantee it I guarantee it and now we
know that's a lie we know that was a lie
and so I don't I don't really care I
think a lot of my fellow conservatives
are dismayed and they're uncomfortable
by a guy who doesn't look sophisticated
but I think his handling has been really
wonderful and to to just go back to the
point about Israel you see this in our
relationship with our central ally in
the Middle East under Barack Obama who
was genteel and sophisticated it was a
terrible terrible relationship and and
fortunately under President cough FA
we've been able to reestablish
that bond and I think that's that's a
really nice thing moving along Heather
Young says hey Michael I see Andrew and
PEG make fun of you all the time um
Heather not just Andrew and been like
pretty much a lot the entire office she
wants to know why why is that I don't
know I can't why not I don't know why
they would ever want to make fun of
little old me but you know there there
was so we all knew each other before the
daily wire was started yeah and so but I
will say during during the blank book
phenomenon I think that really brought
everything to the fore yeah because you
know Ben has written a gazillion books
drew has written a gazillion books like
actually very good books with words in
it you know and and I think they were
they were so we were all so shocked when
the book came out and so the book comes
that it sells more copies than any of
anything and at the time then is shaking
his head he's saying this is the worst
thing ever this is so frustrating
and then he lent me his literary agent
to negotiate the deal why am I doing
this why am i oh no we just have to fire
knowles i guess you can have a show now
why am i and its this real tension i
don't it's a real i mean he really does
look for any example he thought that the
conversation promo would be a really
great thing to take to HR mhm that's
true he actually suggested for lent that
i consider giving up my show and showing
up here for work but i don't know i
debated yeah that's true i I couldn't
tell I didn't know if that would be as
sanctifying it's too late for you to do
that might be lunch 2019 will have to be
the case the conversation with Michael
Knowles is brought to you by skill share
and I mean they're really great to us
here at the Daily wire and we even have
people I mean we do we do as we say
there are people here in our production
team that are signed up for school sure
that's true yeah yeah I use it it's it's
a great platform yeah Skillshare is an
online learning platform did I tell you
about this already well tell you again
with over 18,000 classes in design
business technology and more now you can
take classes you could take classes in
graphic design social media marketing
illustration mobile photography I don't
actually take those what I do need to
take I take a class on time management
they have a lot of kind of weird ones do
they want on hypnotism I try to
hypnotize myself and you know right
stop smoking cigars or something hasn't
quite worked yet so whether you're
trying to deepen your professional skill
set start the side hustle or just
explore a new passion Skillshare is
there to keep you learning and thriving
it's a really great program
I owe this a lot because obviously I get
paid about seven cents every quarter to
to come into work here I don't get paid
very much you know but one of the great
benefits is that occasionally they'll
give me some freebies like Skillshare
and it's a it's a great opportunity
because when Ben finally pulls the
trigger and just sends me out of the
window onto the onto the boulevard here
then I will hopefully have some more
skills so that I can get some other job
maybe join the millions of students
already learning on Skillshare today
with a special offer just for my
listeners get two months of skill show
for just 99 cents that's right skill
shares offering Michael Noel's show
listeners two months of unlimited access
to over 18,000 classes for 99 cents to
sign up where do you go you go to
Skillshare comm / michael mi CH AE L go
to Skillshare comm / Michael start your
two months now don't say I never did
anything for you Skillshare comm slash
Michael so time management time
management are you having to work really
hard to manage time like before the
wedding I'm Bob with the wedding
planning and stuff I I am and and also
that remember to take the classes that I
can learn how to do time management I am
I'm handling very little about the the
wedding itself okay I still I still have
to get my tuxedo for the reception and
my stroller for the ceremony because the
ceremony's before 6 p.m. but well yeah
there will be more time we're gonna talk
about that in a second but first I want
to remind everyone that the conversation
is live for everyone to watch on YouTube
Facebook and of course daily we're calm
but only you can be a part of it if you
are a subscriber and by being a part of
it we mean asking our very own Michael
Knowles the questions here on this
special Valentine's Day edition of the
conversation so go to daily wire come
right now so you could subscribe and
join us and be sure to tune in from next
month's episode featuring the one and
only editor-in-chief ben shapiro el jéfe
himself on tuesday march 13th at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific more
let's move along because I need to talk
about the bolo or whatever the heck you
just mentioned it in a second Matt says
Michael what
like podcasts do you listen to I'm
curious to see if we listen to the same
ones you know I do I'll sample Catholic
podcasts if I want to hear a speaker
talk about some book he's written or
something like that or a priest that I
like to speak but mostly what I do is I
listen to Catholic radio so there were
these great radio stations and there's a
Immaculate Heart Radio in California
irrelevant radios and a good Catholic
stations and they're really good because
they're pretty intellectual and I love
conservative talk radio - but
ninety-nine point seven percent of
conservative talk radio or commercials
so you get you know Catholic radio is a
little more focused away from that and
then and then most of my time thinking
about these things is reading so I'll
read I'm doing the Bible in a year I'm
on Leviticus which feels like I'm doing
the Bible okay years and and then I love
you know I love reading Chesterton I
love I had a father Michael Schmitz on
the show the other day I like listening
to him a father George Rucker I like to
read Fulton sheen obviously Ronald Knox
there you can go down kind of down the
rabbit hole from one writer and he says
I was inspired by this writer and this
writer and this writer all of the
Catholic podcasts generally that I've
listened to are pretty good I do prefer
though the ones without naming any names
I prefer the ones that are a little more
serious and a little less sentimental
some of the even in the Catholic world
is that like eagles wings hung
everybody's got a hungry heart that's
Bruce Springsteen but there's a him
that's like that too and I don't really
care for that very much so the the more
sober ones and the more serious ones I
prefer okay interesting Paul says I'm a
fellow mackerel snapping paper papers I
feel like every time I'm on the
conversation with you we use this word
mackerel and I was wondering if you
would comment on the Jesuits my church
was taken over by the black robes and
I've noticed a decidedly social-justice
flavor I'll tell you well you can
explain to the front like I think yeah I
think the Jesuits have talked enough
about the Jesuits that I don't need to
weigh in but I'll tell you all you need
to know about the Jesuits so the Jesuit
the Jesuits are an order in the Catholic
Church and they're they're similar in
ways to the dominicans you've heard of
this order the Dominicans right so they
were both founded by Spaniards mhm both
Spanish orders and they are founded to
combat heresy so the Dominicans were
founded to fight the Alba Jenson's
and the Jesuits were founded to fight
the Protestants okay and so the main
difference I would ask and so the in
Duke Levens the yeah well the main
difference is when was the last time you
ever heard of an Al Bateen sium that's
the main difference between those two
groups okay so he's saying that they
tend to be more instead of fighting
heresy there into fighting social
justice stuff well they clearly didn't
succeed in their first mission and yeah
they tend to be a little political the
the line about the Jesuits is they're a
little clever they seem a little too
clever by half but they run great
schools and things like that some
conservatives in the Catholic Church
look skeptically at them the head of the
the Jesuits is he's called the black
Pope you know it it was an order founded
only to be responsible to the Pope and
report directly to the Pope so there are
a lot of there were probably more jokes
about Jesuits than there are about any
other Catholic order but they're okay
they do good work they do good education
work that's all I'll comment on publicly
but bring you to cigar bar and you might
say yeah I don't know maybe I get a
couple get a couple drinks in me good to
know
Yago says it's nice to see you again
Mike do you think history will ever be
honest looking back on Obama's legacy
and the effect that he had on politics
in the culture yes but not anytime soon
so the the mainstream media are so naked
Lee in the tank for him in a way that
wasn't even true even of Bill Clinton
and certainly before him history will be
honest because history tends to be
honest over time about certain people
but it it requires a the the distance of
history so you you also won't see a
balanced history of george w bush
anytime soon or for that matter probably
even Ronald Reagan and Barack Obama was
such a such a creation in many ways of
the mainstream media he had basically no
qualifications to be President he never
showed up when he was a state senator in
Illinois he was in the Senate for I
think about 17 minutes
for he was elected president and then he
won the Nobel Peace Prize 12 days after
entering office and he won it for some
reason so they're so bought in he's such
a product of what the the commentariat
and the mainstream media have espoused
that I don't think they could ever be
honest about him but but history
ultimately will be and we might need to
have the historical distance that we
currently have from Thucydides in order
for it to happen but ultimately I'm
confident that a balanced view of him
will come out in this century or the
next Joshua says mr. Knowles
what would you do if your show became
vastly more popular than Ben or Andrew
show I would be fired I think I'm pretty
sure that would I would be you wouldn't
just rub it in their face well yeah that
goes without saying
it's funny because the rational part of
me says I don't see how that could
happen Ben has the biggest conservative
podcast in the country drew show is so
phenomenal it's one of the few podcasts
that I listen to you know it is so
incredible culturally there isn't any
parallel to that podcast in the country
that said I think I've sold more books
than those guys and I didn't write a
book so I guess things could happen
Donald Trump is president you know a lot
never say never what I mean you do Never
Say Never
so yeah let's keep it up guys I think
the way my blank book happened is that a
bunch of trolls on Twitter decided it
would be funny if the blank book became
number one so you know would be pretty
funny if my podcast became number one
just saying hey throw that out there hey
it is Valentine's Day
right maybe I don't know Nicholas Winton
says what is your take on the proud boys
the proud boys I'm not a proud boy I
don't go to the meetings
I do love Gavin McGinnis I'm I'm
extremely entertained by him I think
he's a great voice and very very funny
the thing I don't love about the pradd
boys I like the exuberance of it I like
the not being some self-flagellating you
know everything America is the worst
thing in the world and it's created more
disorder than any any place else in the
world I do like that aspect of it it
seems a little reactionary to me so I
don't love that it isn't all trite for
whatever that term means anymore it's
it's been so watered down is to mean
everything and nothing but it seems a
little reactionary and so I I don't love
Western chauvinism per se I love I love
the West you know I I that sounds like a
very Dennis Prager comment of you is it
yeah well I try to I've got a deep in my
voice I didn't become just here Dennis
in the back of my head talking about
Western values yeah I love that I love
the West itself but I I don't love the
Western chauvinism I don't know that we
need that kind of rah-rah enthusiasm it
could it could go wrong that said I've
been to these speeches where radical
insane lefties and anti feh or like
throwing bombs in the streets and
punching people in the face and so I
think it's perfectly natural and
admirable that there's this movement on
the right of saying no you can't do that
we're not gonna let you do that and a
little muscle flexing I'm all for that I
just I do fear that an organization
that's made up of exuberant young men
who are do tend to be a little brighter
and more clever than others it could go
wrong it hasn't gone wrong yet but we
should be a little wary of that because
you we should love the thing not just
the appearance of the thing we should
love the West itself and to love the
West this is where this is what the old
right gets totally wrong right they love
the appearance of the West they love the
form of the West but they don't like the
thing that makes the West the West which
is Christianity and and everything that
has come out of Christianity natural law
and natural rights and all of the art
and the culture and the modes of
behavior and the ways of dealing with
people and politeness and civilized
society even equality right they don't
yeah liberty and grace and equality they
have a fairly perverse view of that the
all right not the proud boys so I think
just focus on the heart of the matter
keep keep your eyes on on what you're
really worshipping you know culture and
cult come from the same word so keep
your eyes on what you're really what the
culture is really looking at and I think
it will be very healthy and then if
that's the case then the proud pride
voice would have been this wouldn't have
instigated a good thing I just fear that
it could go wrong so I dread
lightly Stevenson Dell says I've learned
that more and more high school English
and history classes are leftist
indoctrination indoctrination Mills how
do we battle this nearly invisible
threat I was writing an essay about this
yesterday because when I was in school
and I'm sure it is much much worse now
we were assigned Howard Zinn's book of
people's history of the United States
well as though it were a history
textbook my words in Howard Zinn's book
is a polemic it would be like if we
talked I don't know a Sean Hannity book
or a rush limbaugh book as pure academic
history it isn't it has a very
particular political point of view
Howard Zinn is the same way on the other
side it's outrageous anti history a
Mitch Daniels the former governor of
Indiana current president of Purdue
University said that it's execrable anti
historical trash something like that but
I don't think it's invisible
it certainly doesn't appear invisible to
me the way to combat that is to read
your own books I don't really see a way
and also to support programs such as
school choice to support programs that
crack the the left-wing monopoly over
public education because and a lot feeds
into this the curricula feed into this
the format of the schools feed into this
and the nature of public sector unions
there are government unions right that
negotiate with the government and
neither side has an incentive to not
give each other exactly what they want
right it's a really corrupt system
Samuel Gompers and FDR both leaders of
the labor movement both said that the
public sector should never be able to
unionize so we can attack all of those
things from the macro level from the
micro level read good historians read
better historians read don't read
Howard's I mean read Howard Zinn I've
read his stupid book but you should also
read I've recommended this author before
quite a lot I love Jacques Barzun I
think he's a great writer of the modern
era read Donald Kagan read John Gaddis
really of historians you can read reams
read Samuel Eliot Morrison who now to
these days is mocked for some reason
because the preeminent historian of his
age read read those kind of guys as well
and it'll then you'll be the smartest
person in your class
you'll probably fail out of school
because the teacher won't let you won't
let you talk about it but I think that
will give you a great perspective Ivo I
would actually take it as a good thing I
would take it as an advantage I've
always been in left-wing places my whole
life and I've been a conservative for
the vast majority of my life and it was
a great advantage to bump up constantly
against left-wing views and especially
against smart left wingers because it
forces you to defend your own point of
view and it forces you to note not only
what you think down to the bone down to
the core but also to know what the other
guy thinks so that you can refute every
bit of it the left does not have that
advantage in America they have these
very half-baked sentimental ridiculous
notions that are constantly reinforced
by the culture and they never meet a
conservative they never meet a trump
supporter let alone engage them let exit
let alone engage them in conversation so
I take it use it to your advantage
because it'll make you a lot sharper
will make you a lot smarter
Deborah Kraus hey Kraus in the house oh
yeah there it is she said yeah Knowles I
just want to ask you to recommend a good
book on American history you kind of
sort of just did that but sort of survey
style she needs to brush up oh
interesting
well I'll recommend some popular books
that I do recommend Samuel Eliot
Morrison aha the Admiral for the ocean
sea on Christopher Columbus is a great
book and then for the really popular
ones that a lot of people have read that
are good histories to David McCulloch is
great you David McHale grew at 1776 he's
written a you know a number of really
revolutionary American history books Ron
chernow books are really good on hat
Hamilton the musical came out of that I
would recommend the Fanueil Philbrick
wrote a great book about the the
Mayflower the voyage from the Mayflower
and the early Plymouth Colony that's
really good and the best history of the
Cold War would be John Gaddis whom I
just talked about strategies of
containment is a really good one because
they're all tomes they are their literal
they're not bathroom reading you know
you'd want to Samuel Eliot Morrison
though of all of them is so charming
because he's writing from a different
era he's writing from an era that was
less clinical and politically correct
and
so his they're all really wonderful
reads but but his in particular is is
fun because you're getting a look at
what has how historians view of the
world from it from a different era that
it was in many ways much more fun and
light than her own interesting
Joel J thoughts on the Orthodox Church
I'm an oriental Orthodox Christian so
Mullen Khan malankara malankara India
Orthodox I love the Orthodox Church yeah
I wish that they would reunite it'd be
really nice but for the East in the West
the Catholic Church in the Orthodox
Church described as the two lungs of
Christianity because they don't really
disagree on very much they disagree
theologically on the Filioque that the
the Catholic Church and the Nicene Creed
says that the Holy Spirit proceeds forth
from the father and the son okay and the
Orthodox Church to my understanding
believes that it proceeds forth only
from the father but otherwise they don't
they don't disagree on too much I
describe the Orthodox Church as twice
the liturgy half the Pope because the
the the Eastern Orthodox Church has
maintained beautiful liturgical
traditions while in the West so many of
our churches are these suburban
monstrosities made of wood and they look
terrible and they have acoustic guitars
and they say about hungry hearts hey now
yeah I I know I'm actually restraining
myself in my description of these the
these changes to the literature so I
really do like that and I love Indian
Christianity just a little side note on
this but my confirmation saint is Thomas
mhm Thomas called didymus and adding
Thomas and Thomas is said to have gone
to India and started a group of
Christians there the Mar Thoma and I
visited India and got to take a little
look at some of these churches that's
cool really cool yeah it dates back to
the first century I suppose Wow
so really really good keep doing it and
and you know if you're in the Orthodox
Church you should it would be really
nice if you could lobby your patriarch
to come on back and reunite the church
universal I'd be really nice
lots of work there for that a little bit
a little bit of work no the Holy Spirit
can Kyle Turnage do you know do you
think that if Gary Cohn replaces general
Kelly as chief of staff at the White
House then the move will finally make a
comeback I talked to the mooch about
many things off the record and how I
ways that I would like the
administration to change and ways that
he would like the administration to
change so I don't know III I don't have
any insider information on this and I
don't think the mooch does either but I
really hope I don't know I don't know if
he does he did leave his his leaving the
White House coincided with John Kelly
coming in and now that also there were
some good things that happened during
this time he left he he left as you can
watch the interview and oh I did but
they coincided with some good things
when John Kelly came in we lost the two
biggest leakers in the administration
that was pretty good and sources of
constant chaos and consternation whether
or not John Kelly should be ousted for
that for the handling of this domestic
abuse staffer yeah kind of convoluted
personal interest affair I'm not so sure
I don't care about the tabloid aspects
of this White House I just want it to
run properly because when it runs
properly it's the most conservative and
effective White House that we've seen
possibly since Coolidge so I'll defer to
their superior knowledge I I'm not gonna
jump on the bandwagon say John Kelly
hasn't done any good things he's been
pretty good in the role but but if
there's an opportunity for the mooch to
get back in the White House that has my
vote oh lord have mercy that would be
interesting I don't know let's just
write them all I love the guy I you know
one thing I will just say this about I
did this interview with the mooch and
when he came in to the studio I noticed
just a couple weeks ago and I noticed a
lot of the YouTube comments said thanks
for doing this long interview I didn't
realize this was a serious guy because
we have this image from the media like
he's the mooch and he says naughty words
and I was this is a guy who graduated
from Harvard Law School he he's a
billionaire he's yeah he's a self-made
billionaire he's created two terribly
phenomenally successful financial
services
he's regularly citing the Federalist and
Cicero and the framers he studied
economics and classics in college so
then was for Obama in 2008 well you know
he's a New York Republican I I come from
New York and I've hung out with a lot of
New York Republicans New York Republican
Party is a is a it's a different beast
all right no this is your conversation
is is Alicia just getting a little off
track on track now I I suppose so but I
I will say I yeah that bit I was I was
ribbing him a little bit for that
support but you know in in New York
there were about three viable
Republicans in the whole state yep so I
do get a little a little more grace on
that front just a little bit at least
definite just keep up the good back
Jeremy Gordon says Michael how do you
respond to someone who says
transgenderism is someone's private
business and the public should mind its
own business oh I agree
I am the own the last person in America
who agrees with that statement the the
left the pro transgender bathroom left
certainly doesn't agree with that there
are like 15 of these people in the
entire country who genuinely suffer from
confusion psychological confusion about
their gender and it sounds like a
terrible affliction and unfortunately a
lot of what is being encouraged now by
the culture to alleviate this condition
such as mutilating their bodies and
surgeries to appear like the other sex
doesn't appear to do anything to lower
suicide rates or rates of depression or
anything like that it's like it's very
reckless for the culture to encourage
self-mutilation especially now the self
mutilation children confusing children
about their gender identities is really
horrific but I agree it's a private
business it should remain a private
business I have no desire to talk about
it but the left isn't talking about it
for the 15 people in the country who
suffer from this affliction that's not
why they're doing it they're doing it
because it serves a euphemistic purpose
it serves a purpose of language because
is central to so many ideologies that
feed into the intersectional left in
2018 is the erasure of sexual difference
they they must erase sexual difference
and so much of intersection
feminism relies on this the lob the
political lobby for gay marriage to
redefine marriage relies on this and
that the transgender debate relies on
this they want massive federal laws to
decide which bathroom somebody uses
because they need to say that men and
women are precisely the same there
they're identical they're not
complementary which is the traditional
view of things but obviously that isn't
the case so if a person is confused
about his gender and wants to wear a
dress that's perfectly fine I just said
I'm from New York you know the left is
unbelievable they've somehow made drag
queens boring I didn't know they could
do that drag queens now ah no that's
true yeah but they've made it the somber
serious thing where we oh what
affliction do you have that listen you
know I have lived in New York a long
time and you go down to the village and
there are drag queens wearing silly
clothes and you know doing performances
and singing and all of this that that's
very fun but now it's a somber serious
thing and of course they can't answer
even basic questions so if you ask a
lefty advocate of these sort of things I
say okay a man says that he's really a
woman how does he know that he's really
a woman what makes what is femininity to
him how would he know that if there were
if there's no difference between men and
women then why do you call your ideology
feminism if there's no difference then
why how is the female a category when
it's convenient but not a category
whatsoever when it's inconvenient if
gender is simply socially constructed
then why would people go to such
enormous lengths as to mutilate their
bodies to appear to be the other gender
if it's just a social construct and but
obviously because none of that makes any
sense it's a it's an ideological and
it's a rationalist motivation to erase
sexual difference and we shouldn't give
them an inch on them we shouldn't give
it and it's it's not compassionate to
anybody to to pretend that reality is
different than it is they're the the
only way that the truth above all things
is what we ought to seek and to allow
people to encourage people in delusion
is is really really outrageous and and
not not compassion in the least next
question is from woody Flo
where did you get that cool industrial
chic lamp you're referring to the one to
your right even notice it yes now I love
that one it is that are we even allowed
to say where it's from if it's from
somewhere why not you'll never work in
this town again
we well we do have a designer we do with
the actual store where it came from
oh I have no idea I don't know I just
show up and this is yes I'm gonna think
I'm gonna think maybe living spaces that
could be I'm a fan I'm a fan of
mix-and-match goods like you know some
garage sale some flea market listen I
didn't think he I didn't design any of
this set obviously because it isn't a
set its the broom closet of the ben
shapiro show so I guess Ben must have
been using it for a week or something he
said I don't want this trash get it out
of my room and then that became the
lighting for my set but it's cool I like
I don't maybe find out and you can tweet
out the answer later it's the story or
something cuz maybe you know more more
conservatives out there would love that
industrial chic live we only have a few
minutes left so let's try to roll
through you know more long-winded
answers over here Brad Wendling hi
Michael can you explain the difference
between conservatism and libertarianism
I would love to this isn't going to be a
short answer but I would love to do that
I really like this question I sort of
object to even the word conservatism
because I this with the topic of the
panel last night was the future of
conservatism because I don't think that
there ought to be a conservative
ideology Michael Oakshott who's a
British political philosopher that
conservatives should read but they don't
in America defines ideology as the
formalized abridgement of the supposed
substratum of rational truth contained
in the tradition it's a ideology as a
post a French Revolution way of taking
all the richness and beauty of reality
and saying it really it's just these
three bullet points that's all of
reality and that's all that matters and
if you
it's a flattening of reality into this
trying to comprehend it in this
ultimately absurd way and it leads to
really terrible things so I don't think
we should do that the conservative
coalition of ideas until recently
included traditionalists the Religious
Right Neo conservatives and libertarians
bill buckley the founder of the modern
conservative movement created something
called fusionist conservatism or the
fusionist ideology and philosophy which
is you combine libertarian economics
with Cold War anti-communism and social
conservatism so you you bring together
brilliantly the traditionalists and the
libertarians who might not have that
much to do with one another there's a
left-wing libertarianism as well but
libertine ism and you bring them
together into this coalition after the
Cold War that reason raison d'être sort
of fell apart because it was premise don
anti-communism so what do these people
have to do with each other
now clearly free markets and and ordered
liberty is an essential aspect of the
United States it's led to great American
prosperity and it's raised up the rest
of the world so I think the conservative
coalition would do well to keep
incorporating all of these libertarian
ideas but libertarianism unlike the
conservative thought is essentially
ideological and so as a result it's
insufficient to explain the world
whereas conservatism
I think the conservative thought comes
from disparate people who sort of
disagree with one another just like the
West does the West is it isn't some
uniformity ology it's a bunch of people
disagreeing with one another and so in a
conservative thought I I would suggest
reading Edmund Burke and Russell Kirk
and Michael Oakshott and Tocqueville and
Hayek and we're right on and on and on
whereas I think libertarians would
probably boot Burke right out of there
certainly Boot Kirk or Oakshott they
it's a little too thin for them and I
would always try to figure out what what
is the root of these thoughts if it is
the tradition then what is that
tradition what of these institutions and
one of these traditions have endured and
then sprinkle on some libertarian
economics and you've got yourself a very
nice political coalition so we only have
about ten minutes left and everyone
that's watching should remember that our
conversation is live for everyone to
watch but you can only be a part of it
and ask questions if you are a
subscriber so go to Daley wire comm
right now to subscribe and
you've a few minutes love to ask Michael
some questions and also be sure to tune
in for next month's episode featuring
the one and only Ben Shapiro that will
be held on Tuesday March 13th at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific time do
not miss it it will be hosted once again
by me Alicia Kraus Joel J says favorite
fictional universe CNN CNN is my
favorite fortunately universe I if it
didn't exist I would have to invent it
it is so wonderful because you see I I
go through the world and I see the sun
is shining and the economy is doing very
well and taxes are being reformed and
the government's getting off my back and
oh we're being respected in the world
again that's what to do oh we've got
justices now who actually support the
Constitution I believe that the words on
the page mean what the words on the page
mean know what to do to do and that's
really nice but it can get a little
boring guys it's okay I actually some
I'm so exhausted at the end of the day
because I get sick and tired of winning
then I get to turn on CNN and I get to
go into the fictional universe where
this dragon lady in North Korea who
makes a Mel DeMarcus look like Martha
Washington and where she's this
wonderful leader of the world and
America's so embarrassing and it's awful
were causing chaos and mayhem and bombs
are gonna go off and the missiles are
gonna fly that's very exciting so I
certainly it's CNN is almost reason
enough to keep bundled cable just so you
can keep watching that wonderful fantasy
fiction I think I'm gonna cancel cable I
really do I mean I can watch everything
online like at the Daily wire that's
true I go the shows I care about it
that's true but you know what once
enough of us start cutting those chords
then how are the lefties gonna get there
false narratives out on ESPN and CNN who
knows Evan Stanley Michael he wants to
know if you've hired Ben Shapiro to
serenade you and sweet little Lisa
dinner tonight I know so how much does
he charge is that by the hour or by the
song I cannot believe that I was able to
con bent into doing that even once was
it really you were the god-king though
it was I knocking Jeremy boring it was
it required a lot of forces we had the
CEO of the company actually had to drive
over and get the violin that
unfortunately that may have been a
one-time experience and that's where he
said but Ben if you want to surprise me
Valentine's Day isn't over yet I'm still
I'm still waiting here I just get been
you know tweet him your where your
reservations are you can
show up with the Stradivarius gonna show
up with a machine gun in the in the
violin case probably Jonathan L Michael
I've always considered myself a staunch
liberal ones too until I started
listening to you Wow and probably maybe
you've maybe you've converted somebody
sweet your points and arguments make
sense why does it seem like liberals
can't actually debate people in his
logic it's I I don't blame them actually
because they don't understand that
there's a difference of thought they
actually don't understand it they preach
diversity and tolerance and then they're
shocked and appalled to find out that
people disagree with them about anything
so I there was a study that came out
from Jonathan Hite a few years ago that
showed that can generally speaking
conservatives understand the left-wing
position but lefties don't understand
the conservative position that
conservatives view the world by more
value metrics than lefties do and so
take it with a grain of salt as with any
social scientific study but it does make
sense to me I think that I can basically
articulate the left-wing position on
just about any issue and for the vast
vast majority of my lefty friends I
don't think they could do that about
what I think so when it comes to
abortion I understand the arguments for
abortion there's somewhat compelling
that a woman ought to have autonomy over
her own body and it's unfair there's a
kind of biological unfairness that she
has to carry this child even in some
awful case of rape or what have you and
so it would be convenient if if that
weren't a living human being inside the
body so that we could just kill it and
not have to deal with it
but I understand that is actually a
compelling argument I don't think they
understand the argument that human human
life is sacred from the beginning if
human life has dignity from the
beginning and ought to be protected I
think what they honestly believe is that
conservative men who were pro-life just
hate women they just don't like women
their massage what you want to tell them
what boss them around everything so I
mean to be fair you are really bossy
when you tell me to go get you coffee I
know and I usually screen it when
there's not enough milk and I throw it
at the wall I smash it but that you know
the one good measure I'm it's I'm
pleased to hear that you've changed
your mind on some things and come come
around a little bit to the right one
measure of which guy in a debate or an
argument is is correct is which guy is
doesn't have steam pouring out of his
ears and screaming and shrieking usually
when you when your voice gets loud and
loud and loud it's because you don't
have very much to say and you don't
really believe in the sort of things
that that you're espousing whereas the
calm person who can just describe to you
what he thinks and why he thinks it
probably that guy has a more
sophisticated and thought-out view of
the world interesting there's only a few
minutes left so let's keep rolling
Samuel hick says how much of Thomas
souls work have you read I love Thomas
soul I love him so much I was very sad
when he retired from his column I've
probably read all of the guy's columns
I've been reading him for years and
years I love his books I forget all the
titles conflict of visions I really
enjoyed he wrote the really famous one
about race and geography that was a very
good book and I really liked watching
him on firing line one great thing
apparently nor MacDonald greatest living
comedian does this too so just watch old
firing lines on YouTube that was really
dole Buckley's show and he'd bring on a
person of either the right or the left
and have an interesting conversation and
he's great on firing line the the man is
so brilliant because he can talk about a
wide variety of subjects with
seriousness and a depth of knowledge and
also because he came from nothing I mean
the guy did not was not born with a
silver spoon but he's a wonderful writer
so yeah I recommend I really liked
conflict divisions maybe that's my
favorite of his but read anything you
can buy him he's a terrific writer
jeremiah peterson says hi Michael how
much of your show is you acting a role
and how much is actually who you are who
is the real Michael Noel's don't you
want to know Jeremiah like everything is
coming off this Valentine's Day you know
obviously we did that promo which is a
little over the top even know I only why
I think that's the role one is grown in
the room yeah when we filmed that I
think you had too much fun with this I
had a lot of fun with it but really I
think that there's an element of you
know I I was in talk radio for a very
long time
and there's an element of everything
that I said on the radio I strongly
believed and had you know issues behind
it yeah arguments behind it all that
stuff but there is an element of like
when you listen to radio or when people
listen to a podcast sometimes you more
forcefully present an argument because
of how you know so then the audience
really like takes it you know what I
mean if you're just sitting back and
kind of like chill talking about it
sure Mike we'll have as much of an
impact so how much of your show is you
kind of forcefully or humorously making
that argument or is that the real
Michael is that what sweet little Lisa
gets everyone it is unfortunately for
her switch she gets every night
obviously if you're doing a show you
have to be more succinct and try to sum
things up more quickly but know the show
is entirely me it's it's something I
really love about this format you know
I've I am an actor so I've done little
indie movies and plays in New York and
LA and they're there that is playing a
role and you have to create the inner
life of the character and you you know
do those things that you learn in acting
school and something I really really
love about this even broadcasting from
the broom closet of the ben shapiro show
is that I get to say whatever I want I'm
never censored there's never even even
been it isn't breathing down my neck
even you know he's waiting to push the
fire button but he's never telling me
what to say nobody nobody does any event
I think at most al you have all
editorial I have 100% editorial license
and I think in a lot of outfits and you
know this from talk radio you get a lot
of pressure from the top and they say
you have to think this and you can't do
that I don't get any of that and it's
why it's it's really so refreshing I
don't have to run my script by anybody I
don't have to run an opinion by anybody
and it's really enjoyable until it gets
me fired but but until then it's gonna
be a really good time maybe that's why
they don't edit you is because Ben is
just waiting salivating Sarah Turner
says Michael I'm trying to go to a more
expensive school without going
completely into debt how would you
suggest not getting into debt too much
especially if you are trying to do law
as a postgraduate oh well if you're
going to law school then you're just
going to have to pay a lot of money and
that's the way it goes but you'll with
some rare exceptions sometimes you can
go for a reduced price if you agree to
do some amount of
public service afterward but one thing I
noticed is for a lot of elite schools
they will they'll pay for you to go if
you can't afford it so I was very
fortunate I paid very little money to go
to Yale and that was really nice that's
because I didn't come from money and so
the rich kids had to pay a lot of money
and I did not there for certain schools
there's a point at which you get really
diminishing returns so for some sets of
schools they're very very expensive but
you don't necessarily get a huge benefit
from it either as a matter of education
because really you can get a good
education anywhere and really you could
get a good education on your own but in
some places you get a good social
network there are old Boys Clubs in a
lot of universities some schools that
charge really top dollar you don't get
any of that you don't get a particularly
great education you don't get the kind
of professional benefits that come from
that so I would avoid that if you're if
you're going to go to a top brand name
school just pay it because it'll pay off
you'll have a lot of opportunities that
come out of it if you're going to major
in transgender dance studies as I did
you know maybe you don't want to go into
a ton of debt for that go to Community
College yeah that's the community
colleges have great transgender dance
programs but do you have to be you don't
want to be Pennywise and pound-foolish
you don't want to go to a lesser school
or a school that won't help you as much
in life because you didn't want to pay
an extra 10 grand but also it is so
crazy to go a quarter of a million
dollars into debt just so that you can
say I went to the fancy private school
instead of two I don't know whatever the
public school is by you that that would
be ludicrous and this is clearly a
bubble all of these funds all the
increased price tags of these schools
are going to fund the deputy assistant
deputy deputy assistant dean of sexual
diversity and condom distribution and
there are so many of these things now as
the institution itself is being hollowed
out academically that it's a bubble
that's going to pop and I it would be
really a shame if you were the person
who bought a house in mid-2007 and
you're caught with something that isn't
that valuable that you paid way way too
much money for that's a that's a long
way but
I don't want to give you a simple advice
and say don't go to a good college or
don't pay this you you really it's it's
a it should be a really cold calculation
that you make it's gonna change for the
individual that's maybe going to an
undergraduate school that's a state
school and then going to Yale or Harvard
for law school is a better bet or if you
think it's easier to get into law school
from I don't know some higher-end
private school then maybe you have to
take that into consideration be very
cold and calculating though do not go in
blind and say oh it will all work out
because you could end up with a quarter
of a million dollars of debt hanging
around your neck and not a lot in the
way of prospects afterwards or you could
be like me and just drop out and look
where I ended up so maybe you should
consider Ivy League school I'm just
saying and you'd still end up on a go
though this is our last question comes
from Joel Jay Joel wants to know what
are your thoughts on right and left
intellectuals intellectual yeah this is
well there are a lot of intellectuals we
could bring up this one in particular I
think is is asking about this this
YouTube guy sargon of akkad the I Sargon
drives me crazy and I hate his guts not
because I don't like his videos or
anything but he won't come on my show
I've been trying to get him on my show
for six months so if you know Sargon
bring him on I would like to talk to him
I don't know there are a lot of
self-styled intellectuals now and that
tells you a lot about our culture that
these are the intellectuals some people
really are intellectuals like Thomas Sol
for instance but that word has been
stretched beyond any kind of bounds I
think so really what I like are people
who can give a fresh take on politics
and culture that that can explain the
world and I don't care if they have 17
degrees from whatever university about
it I don't care if they got published in
Slate one time and now they're a public
intellectual or something i scott adams
is the great example of this Scott Adam
since the Dilbert guy who worked in
business most of his life and they drew
a cartoon that's very entertaining and
he at this moment on a great many topics
is a really good observer of politics
so I'll read him there are plenty of
intellectuals who write self-appointed
intellectuals who write for the New York
Times
op-ed page for instance who were big
dummies who don't know anything I'm dead
when was the last time David Brooks had
an original idea or a serious idea I
don't know like the late 80s or
something you know when he wasn't
blaspheming conservatism yeah you know
we was writing about how Barack Obama
had a perfect crease in his pant leg and
so he'd make a great president those
intellectuals I'm very skeptical of
anyone who calls himself an intellectual
just write it right off the bat what my
favorite guy who is a public
intellectual on the right at the moment
is my priest father George rut ler is
really good and to talk to somebody like
him or to an Andrew play than even you
know people who have been on this earth
for a while and have read all of the
books and have formed thoughts you
realize how poultry the current array of
so-called intellectuals is and maybe as
as is so often the case with
conservative thought maybe we should
look back a couple decades or centuries
to to gather a bit more wisdom well this
wasn't too bad this was okay it was we
made it through think I was gonna give
up coffee FA for Atlanta I would have
died oh I'm dead on this couch man there
would've been a lot of tears in that cup
that wouldn't have been left for this
guy episode of the conversation with our
very own Michael Knowles has been
brought to you by Skillshare so be sure
to check them out and also tune in for
next month's episode featuring the one
and only Ben Shapiro on Tuesday March
13th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific time I'm Alicia Krause I wish
you all the very happiest Valentine's
Day and thanks for watching
