well Congress has begun a debate on the
deferred action for childhood arrivals
that's daca or dreamers you may not have
realized that Congress was allowed to
debate things the constitution of course
decrees that quote can't Congress shall
gather to investigate people
investigating other people who are
investigating the investigations by
Congress which will then be investigated
unquote but sure if you want to debate
stuff now and then or pass a law or
something knock yourself out so Congress
will discuss what we're going to do with
all these people who entered the country
illegally here's a rundown of the
arguments on both sides the Republicans
feel that the nation's borders need to
be secure borders define a nation and
without them the nation essentially
vanishes the Democrats feel that
Americans who are already here have come
to know the Democrats too well and
therefore will no longer vote for them
so they need to bring in some ignorant
strangers fast or they'll lose their
offices and limousines so shut up you're
a racist the Republicans say that the
American people are generous in allowing
newcomers but that generosity has been
abused by illegals and it's time to
enforce the rule of law on which free
nations depend the Democrats make a
high-pitched scream oiss until no one
can fake and everyone has a headache
then they pointed a sad-looking Mexican
child and say shut up
you're a racist the Republicans feel
that there should be restrictions on
immigrants being able to bring family
members from their country to ours
Democrats say that ours rhymes with
flowers flowers are put on graves graves
rhymes with slaves so Republicans hate
black people and shut up you're a racist
one pro-immigrant congressman put it
this way who enter the United States
without our permission are illegal
aliens and illegal aliens should not be
treated the same as people who entered
the US legally while an anti-immigrant
congressman put it this way president's
decision to end daca was heartless and
it was brainless when Chuck Schumer
found out that both congressmen were in
fact himself he demanded an
investigation and Congress got back to
his usual business trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
all right happy Valentine's Day is also
mailbag day so we'll be sobbing I just
heard from Lindsay you know she's about
to give birth so we'll soon love it but
a lot of screaming we're not just won't
just be her screaming and is also lent
which is the beginning of when you know
Christians start to imitate Christ's
penance and his fasting in the desert
and you want to begin that penance by
watching Michael Knowles at the
conversation which is today at 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific
you will be so sorry your sins will
definitely be forgiven I'll stream live
on The Daily wire Facebook page and the
daily wire YouTube channel will be free
for everyone to watch but only
subscribers get to ask the questions
just like the mailbag if you want to ask
questions as a subscriber log into the
website daily wire.com watch the live
stream and head over to the conversation
page after that just start typing into
the daily wired chat box and Knolls will
answer all live questions as they come
in for an entire hour or until he just
doesn't know the answer which should
come after about five minutes once again
subscribe to get your questions answered
by the sad and dateless that Michael
Knowles will be sitting there on
Valentine's Day sitting around with you
people that's how sad he is at 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific you can join the
conversation you know it is interesting
meat to me about this Dhaka debate there
Congress is actually debating this in
Trump Trump has been incredibly
reasonable about this now whether he's
doing that as a political gambit you
know who can say everything that
politicians do as a political gambit but
he is made a really good offer I mean
here he is he was elected build the wall
throw the Mexicans out Mexicans are
rapists this is terrible that we don't
want anymore Mexico you know it's said
all that that's his base a lot of people
feel like that
Ann Coulter has been screaming about him
at him about the wall since he got
elected she sends out a tweet every day
saying
miles on the wall build zero and she
does like everyday he's offering to not
only let the dreamers stay but have a
path to citizenship and to give a path
to citizenship for million over a
million others I think it's close to two
million others so he's actually being
very generous what he's saying is yeah
but but you've got to secure the wall so
this doesn't you've got to secure the
border so this doesn't happen again give
me some money from my wall give me some
money for security let's stop the chain
migration it really is a very very
reasonable offer and they just keep
coming back because nobody really wants
to do this everybody's afraid of doing
it so they keep coming back well let's
just do the dreamers now a clean dreamer
bill they call it it's not a clean bill
because it just creates the situation in
which the same problem is gonna happen
again
you know and I think that's that's the
that's the thing that the people do not
want this the people simply do not want
it they want to see immigration curtail
of course they do of course they do it
only makes sense and like my thing is
what's the argument against this what is
the or I can never figure this out what
is the argument against securing the
border 80% of the people say borders
should be secure and of course you can
say well that is the policy but we
haven't done it and all these people
saying we want sanctuary cities you know
what is the argument and I just feel you
know to me it's a rule of law thing this
has never been immigration has never
been one of my big issues it's never
been I'm much more concerned with
regulation that's why I've been so happy
with Trump because of the rolling back
of regulation but but I do not
understand why that's not simply a rule
of law issue you know if you have it we
are a nation of laws not of men it
doesn't matter if Chuck Schumer cries it
doesn't matter if his chin wheel wobbles
in his eyes bill that's not the point
the point is they passed these are the
same guys they passed the laws obey the
law and you know Chuck Schumer is not
the only person who speaks with forked
tongue on this we have a clip of Dianne
Feinstein from 1993 this clip number
seven listen to this
this is a country that's based on
immigration and we all know that and yet
at times you become so overtaxed you
have to concentrate on saying the people
we should be here are those who come
legally at this time and we've got to
for the time being enforce our borders
and now here she is in the present day
it if Congress doesn't act now and pass
a law President Trump's decision to
terminate this program will have
devastating consequences for the nearly
800,000 families across the United
States particularly those in California
this decision to end daca without first
ensuring that young people have legal
protection is why we are demanding a
vote on the DREAM Act as soon as
possible now this you know the
two-facedness
they have to do this they have to talk
tough on immigration because of the
people because the people people are
ready to cut legal immigration they have
a sense that too many people have come
in now and we need time to assimilate
them which is either people are almost
always right about this because it's
people these people go and live where
the people live they don't go and live
where Dianne Feinstein lives is she's
not harboring in her house you know in
her however many houses she has she is
not harboring illegal immigrants and
neither is Chuck Schumer and neither is
Don Lemon or Anderson Cooper and so they
can their chins can tremble over the
sad-eyed Mexicans all they want and
their eyes can fill and all that stuff
but they're not doing this the people of
the ones who are suffering from it and
who understand the suffering of their
neighbors and people in Texas and in
Arizona and New Mexico they know what's
going on so they have to talk tough but
this is you know tomorrow we're gonna
it's tomorrow we're gonna have Douglas
Murray on who's written this excellent
excellent book called the strange death
of Europe about how immigration in parts
cut it's got a subtitle like immigration
identity in Islam and the immigration in
part is one of the reasons Europe is
dying if not already dead and all
through the time they were bringing in
these huge huge numbers of immigrants
the people were saying no and this
the politicians were making speeches
saying we won't and then they did and
that's exactly what's been happening
here and you start to wonder you know
you start to wonder it when the
immigration comes in is just to change
the the nature of neighborhoods when
they bring in the Somalis and they put
them in the middle of you know Michigan
or something like this so you know a
town you stuck in wonder did these
people hate us
did they hate what we are do they hate
themselves did they hate everything that
the West I mean the West has given them
everything every single thing everywhere
would anywhere on earth where a man
walks free it's because of America you
know if it's if it wasn't killing off
the Nazis it was destroying the Soviet
Union and they always say well you know
it's Gorbachev it wasn't Gorbachev the
Corbett RUF did everything he could to
keep the Soviet Union alive they were
lying about that it was Reagan it was
the Pope it was the West Was Maggie
Thatcher it was the West that brought
the Soviet Union down every single human
being who walks in political freedom
does so either because we freed them or
we protect their freedom or we keep them
free why do they you know they just hey
you know over on the the Federalists a
really good sight I like the fettle at
Federalists the editor Ben Dominick
wrote a piece called dear America your
news media absolutely hates you and he's
referencing back to the the way during
the Olympics they touted North Korea let
me just read just a little piece of this
the American media and the media and the
left of the same thing there's no
there's no space between the media and
the left at all the American media time
and again illustrates its utter hatred
for the nation and its people in those
newspapers and in newspapers and on
television having judged the American
project kaput after the election of
Donald Trump they are now stooping to
the level of defending the North Koreans
perhaps the most brutal and heinous
regime in the world today if it's not
Iran which Obama also helped thanks to
some side eye from its minister of
propaganda the sister of Kim jong-un
that the headlines if the headlines are
do believe we believe North Korea
heading for do plenty diplomacy gold
medal at Olympics s from the Reuters
that's the story of the moment that
American a media want to tell
about this moment I wish this was an
exaggeration he says witness this story
from CNN today with its dripping
credulous Ness in attacking Mike Pence
with a story sourced entirely to a
diplomatic source close to the North
Korean regime who says pence quote
degraded the image of the United States
as a superpower by meeting with North
Korean defectors along with otto
warmbier father and by streak speaking
strongly against North Korea and
multiple occasions you know I'm gonna
play just a clip of that in just a
minute but first we have to talk about
upside calm you know I have fond
memories some not all my memories
working in Hollywood have fucked but the
ones that are fun was when I was in
living in London and in New York and
they would fly me out and they would
always take such great care of me I mean
I remember my wife the first time I went
to Hollywood I remember her taking a
picture of me getting in the limo
because we were broke you know we've
been broke up into that man and suddenly
they were throwing money at me and
putting me in limos and flying me
first-class and when you fly like that
there's always somebody on the other end
of the line who can help you out where
am I supposed to be is there gonna be a
car waiting for me what is there a
change in the schedule if you don't have
that if you're not working for a big
corporation for Hollywood that'll help
you can go to upside calm upside calm
provides all those services to small
businesses so it's upside becomes your
mission control while you're traveling
it looks out for you every step of the
way it handles any problem might pop up
and they've got a team of specialists
working 24/7 to make sure your flight
hotel and car rental all go off without
a hitch they monitor your trip around
the clock proactively keep you posted on
everything from if it's gonna rain to
alternate return flights home in case
you want to squeeze in one more meeting
before you leave town it really does
make a tremendous difference to have
that kind of care as you're going
forward for easy booking competitive
prices and a team that always has your
back go to upside calm / Andrew to book
your next business trip let them know we
sent you because then they will continue
to sponsor the show and I can continue
to talk to you sign up today for your
free account and get a free pair of Bose
headphones on your first business trips
that's what I use when I write I use
Bose head phones to keep out the noise
that's upside calm / Andrew a $600
minimum per
is required within 90 days to get this
deal see site for complete details let's
play this piece of CNN the CNN covering
the Olympics I know we covered this with
Knowles on Monday but it's just just to
remind you for a minute the way they
played that this you know pence and the
sister of Kim jong-un were sitting in
the same booth and they're gonna mention
the fact that pence had her move she was
gonna sit right Bob I didn't I probably
didn't want her to put one of those
poisoned handkerchiefs with which they
killed her brother they deport those
boys in Anchorage so he had her moved
but just just listen to the way CNN
covered this vice president pan sitting
just feet away from Kim jong-un sister
for the Olympic opening ceremonies no
handshake no talk in a diplomatic deep
freeze CNN's will Ripley joins me now
live from Pyongyang South Korea will no
interactions whatsoever what might this
mean well clearly this was an attempt by
the United States and the vice president
not to give any more legitimacy to the
North Korean regime than the mere fact
that they were sitting so closely
together already did so the vice
president actually switched seats to sit
farther away from kim yo-jong and kim
yong-nam she kim yo-jong the sister of
the North Korean leader Kim jong-un and
Kim hyun-joong the the ceremonial head
of state there were there was no
handshaking whatsoever when the unified
Korean delegation came in March vice
president pence notably stayed c/d
sitting he did not stand up he did not
cheer and again this is certainly a
propaganda win nonetheless for North
Korea to have these images showing two
top-level officials sitting with South
Korea's president moon jae-in and the
vice president just a short distance
away so so to whom was this a PR victory
I mean to me when you're insulting pence
for bringing the victims of the North
Korean regime to the place maybe that's
a PR victory why isn't that by the way
you heard real title is she's the
minister of propaganda and agitation so
that's that's what they do in these
tyrannical countries but Vince is just
been a huge target obviously he was the
administration's face at the Olympics
but they went after him like crazy
there's this one figure skater Adam
ripped on is how he pronounced his name
excellent figure skater and he's gay
which like big surprise you know the old
joke about
it's the hardest thing about figure
skating oh I just think about figure
skating is telling your father you're
gay
so he comes out and he's been nothing
but Hammer pants and it's all you know
Oh pants Xena wants to convert gay
people and I'm not talking to pens and
I'm not going to the White House and I
won't shake his hand and suddenly
because you know as insta pun that says
go go go broke you know suddenly
probably he's getting some feedback that
maybe this isn't going so well suddenly
he turns up and I don't want to talk
about Mike Pence this isn't about Mike
Pence here he is I have no problem
talking about you know what I've said
because I stand by it
but I think right now the Olympics are
about Olympic competition and the
athletes involved I don't want to
distract from their Olympic experience
and I don't want my Olympic experience
to be about Mike Pence you know I want
it to be about my amazing skating and
being America's Sweetheart Oh too late
dreamboat yeah you start it's like they
start it but they can't finish it but
the thing with pence and I really like
Mike Pence I was in his office when I
was in Washington I guy he wasn't there
but I got a tour of his ceremonial
office was really cool because he has
this desk that was gotten by Teddy
Roosevelt this huge desk and they
there's a tradition where it went
finally to the vice presidents but
everybody who uses it signs the drawer
so you open up the drawer and like
Eisenhower signed it and you know all
all the vice presidents very very cool
and I told the guy who works with bands
he's kind of Pence's aid I said I'm a
big fan of pence and he was he was very
moved by that you could see he really
loved his boss and I always I was
shortened his name to mensch you know
it's just because I think he's a good
guy but when you see the kind of attacks
they're always the same they're always
about always the religion I mean I saw
this clip from the view where these
harpies went after him for his religion
this is cut number three just play this
Jesus tells Mike Pence things to say
when was she had so well obviously she
was around and because she knows more a
lot more than I think that we all know
about Mike Pence but what I do know
about Mike Pence is I went to law school
in Indiana he is a hated figure there
he's not very popular at all and I think
when you have a mic pants that now sort
of puts this religious veneer on things
and calls people Values Voters I think
we're in a dangerous situation look I'm
Catholic I'm a faithful person but I
don't know that I want my vice president
speaking in tongues one thing to talk to
Jesus it's another thing when Jesus
talks to you exactly I'm not correct I'm
hearing voices you know I told the story
a long time ago whence before but I was
a judge on a journalism contest once and
I was on the phone with the other judges
and obviously was the only is during the
Bush administration the W Bush
administration and obviously was the
only conservative on the on the line and
one of them started going off in george
w bush saying he prayed before he went
to war in Iraq or in Afghanistan so
what's the difference between him and
you know the terrorists because they
both pray I mean this is the way these
guys think and we saw this at the
Democratic National Convention when they
were booing God we saw it again at the
State of the Union when they sat on
their hands when Trump paid tribute to
God they hate this place they hate the
way people are here they hate the people
they hate the God they hate the country
you know yesterday a lot of the
intelligence officers sat in a panel
before the Senate and the big news is
because they can't leave off this Rob
Porter story the big news was
Christopher ray the head of the FBI said
no they did to vet you know Rob Porter
and when the White House says they
didn't vet him fully that wasn't so
blah-blah-blah-blah-blah okay so that's
that was the big story there and this
other thing that he's talked about about
the fact that the Russians are probably
gonna come after us in the midterm
elections as well so we have to be
worried about that I'm not really that
worried you know when they actually went
in and got the DNC's emails that was
disturbing of course it was Podesta's
fault he gave them he was fished he gave
them his password but okay that that's
not something I want to see but when
they send out misinformation they've
been doing that forever we do it to them
it's kind of par for the course a free
society should be able to counter that
by publishing the right information by
pointing out that this is a website by
the Russians I you know that just
doesn't bother me all that much but the
thing that struck me was this exchange
one senator asked Christopher Rea right
he's the head he's the guy replaced
James Comey about the reputation of the
FBI after all these scandals and all
this news about how they may have
scuttled the Hillary Clinton
investigation how they may have spied on
the Trump campaign and Trump had sent
out this tweet that said after years of
Comey with the phony and dishonest
Clinton investigation and more running
the FBI its reputation is in tatters
worst in history and they asked Trey
about this and he said now everything is
great I go to every division I go to has
Patriots people who could do anything
else with their careers but have chosen
to work for the FBI because they believe
in serving others and the feedback I get
from our state local law enforcement
partners from our foreign partners from
the folks we work with in the private
sector and the community office after
office after office has been very very
gratifying and reassuring to me and I'm
a big believer in the idea that the FBI
speaks through its work through its
cases through the victims it protects
and I encourage our folks not to get too
hung up on what I consider to be the
noise on TV and in social media you see
the problem with that is I mean he's
absolutely right I keep saying this over
and over again the rank and file of the
FBI are fine and I have I have heard
that many of them are very humiliated by
the way the upper level of the FBI has
been working those are the only people
that and we've been picking on they're
the ones who made the decisions they are
the ones who politicized the the bureau
but some of that noise that he's
ignoring is the noise and the people
some of that noise is us that he doesn't
want them to pay attention to
Martin Savidge who does these focus
groups on CNN the only time you ever
hear anything true on CNN is when the
ordinary they interview ordinary people
and he had this focus group about the
investigation the Russian investigation
listen to what the people say because
they get it exactly right as almost
always these voters trusts Trump but
they do not trust the Russia
investigation they consider the whole
thing
political witch-hunt from that from the
get-go to be honest I said this grace
they don't believe in the investigation
because they don't believe the
investigators do you have faith in the
idea hell no no no absolutely not you
think that the FBI has a political bias
in this case I believe yes yeah they
don't want to preface by saying it's not
the FBI it's it's the leadership of the
FBI that has politicized this and in
this situation the people that had at
the top of the food chain have decided
that they don't like the game they're
they're gonna change it they're gonna
play by their rules so these guys are
saying the same thing about the
leadership and I'm gonna show you which
one of them is right but first I'm gonna
talk about my teeth because I know
you're sitting there you we want you
want to pay attention to what I'm saying
but you're just too dazzled by the
whiteness of my teeth and the truth is
this is absolutely true I I was having
this problem with my teeth they kept
going gray really quickly and I don't
know if this was did the fact that I
drink coffee eunuch K I don't smoke that
many cigars every now and Noel's is
trying to kill me so he gives me a cigar
but I don't smoke that many cigar but it
just kept going gray and I stopped
smiling and photographs and everything
like that now I went to the dentists and
I asked the lady who cleans my teeth
what do I do and she said you gotta get
an electric toothbrush and it has
changed everything but the problem with
normal electric toothbrushes is that
they are the size of a bazooka you
cannot travel with them they're huge you
got to keep plugging them in qyp has
this beautiful narrow thin
battery-powered electric toothbrush that
is so stylish and so easy to carry
around and just easier to use altogether
and it does it it does that thing where
they've got the the amount of vibrations
that you're supposed to have it packs
just the right amount of vibrations into
this slim design it also comes with a
mount that suctions right to your mirror
and
unsticks to use as a cover for hygienic
travel anywhere whether it's going in
your gym bag or carry-on or you're just
taking it where never your travel quips
subscription plan and this is very
important - they told me about this is
the densest - it refreshes your brush on
a schedule delivering a new brush heads
every three months for just five dollars
and that's what the dentists recommend
not the $5 part but they recommend that
every three months you change the brush
heads on this I got to say it has really
made a difference for me and this
includes free shipping worldwide
equipped starts at just 25 bucks which
is a good deal and if you go to get
quick calm that's the website it's get
GE t quip qu IP dot-com and then slash
Clavin right now you'll get your first
refill pack free with equip electric
toothbrush and I know you're busy
brushing your teeth for your food but
it's KLA VA n that's Hayes bail Clavin
you can get your first refill pack free
at get quick calm slash Clavin get quick
calm slash Clavin these are good
machines to let them know we sent you so
they will keep coming on now let me just
finish this and then we'll get to the
mailbag great mail back today terrific
questions today cheryl atkinson one of
our favorite reporters of the like one
of the last journalists in america she
published a list of the people who have
been let's say relocated at the FBI
so if there's no problem at the FBI of
christopher ray is telling the truth and
the people at CNN have it wrong there's
no problem nothing why of all these
people been reassigned let me just read
you Cheryl Atkins is list David Loughman
abruptly quit Loughman was deputy
assistant attorney general in charge of
counterintelligence
cyber security counter espionage and
export controls as the Washington Post
put it Loughman had a key role in the
Justice Department's investigation of
Hillary Clinton and Russian interference
in the 2016 presidential election he was
one of the Justice officials who
interviewed Hillary Clinton about her
email loose Loughman suddenly quit his
job last Wednesday citing personal
reasons Andrew McCabe he abruptly quit
he McCabe was obviously the number two
at the FBI he had been planning to leave
but unexpectedly resigned On January
29th McCabe was one of the officials who
signed off on the controversial FISA
warrants for Carter page a warrant based
largely on the tainted Clinton financed
Trump dossier it turns out the McCabe
has been the focus of the Justice
Department Inspector General's
investigation into how the FBI handled
the Clinton email scandal in late
January it came to light that for three
weeks he'd apparently sat on information
about piles of Hillary Clinton's emails
showing up on the laptop of Anthony
Weiner James Baker he was reassigned the
FBI's general counsel was reassigned in
late December amid an investigation by
House Republicans into whether he was in
contact with David corn or reporter for
the leftist mother
Jones magazine about the Trump dossier
Peters struck we know about him the
lover boy he was removed from the Muller
and investigation after they found his
emails to his girlfriend Bruce or was
demoted or had been associate this is
some list yet they had been associated
deputy attorney general at justice a
top-level position and was director of
the organized crime Drug Enforcement
Task Forces in early December after a
house investigation turned up evidence
that or had met with Trump dossier
author Christopher Steele and later with
the founder of fusion GPS who hired
Steele the EDA four failed to disclose
this meetings and he was demoted it also
turned out that or his wife had worked
for fusion GPS and was funneling
information back to the FBI James
rebecky he resigned rebecky had been the
chief of staff to FBI director James
Comey he resigned in late January to
accept an opportunity in the corporate
sector but that the simultaneously
Republican lawmakers had been looking
into Rebecca's role in the FBI's
handling of the Clinton email scandal
that is a lot of high-level people gone
over this stuff and so you can say I
understand that Christopher Rae has to
keep the rank and files to keep their
spirits up but this has really been a
devastating scandal for the FBI and only
the fact that the press isn't covering
it is keeping more people from being
outraged and realizing the tin-pot
third-world way that Barack Obama ran
the government these guys I gotta say
they hate the people they do and I think
Obama really disliked this country he
really did he was wanted he wanted to
fundamentally transform the country do
you say that to your wife oh honey I
love you but now I'm gonna fundamentally
transform it when you fundamentally
transform you kind of want to keep it
the same way you might want to you know
improve it a little bit when you love
something you want to keep it the same
way I got to say it's no wonder they're
so desperate to bring in all these new
immigrants I think what they really want
to do is ship us who are already here
out I think we want to change the
country entirely all right we got the
mailbag coming up but I got to say
goodbye
to Facebook and YouTube come on over to
the Daily wire.com subscribe don't be
such a cheapskate get so lousy ten bucks
a month you can be in the mailbag or ask
questions you don't have to actually get
in the mailbag but you can ask questions
in the mailbag for a lousy hundred bucks
you get a year subscription and the
leftist tears tumblr mailbag coming
right up
all right now back all right that was
pretty quick and we send Valentine's Day
wishes to Lindsay she sent me one of her
new Valentines Day song maybe I'll play
that as our traveling music tomorrow I
didn't bring it into it from Levi dear
supreme overlord Clavin if you could ask
one person in all of history a question
and guarantee a truthful answer who
would you choose and what would your
question be I would choose Jesus and my
question would be how am i doing Oh Jay
the claim yes no up-down give me give me
a sign really just quick quick and I'll
let you go back to what you were doing
all right Greg i Andrew myself and
several of my friends have all had the
experience recently of our wives saying
when they reach around fifty years of
age that they don't want to have sex
anymore we have had various reactions
one guy angrily demanding sex one just
accepting it for myself I see it as the
end of our marriage and feel disinclined
to show affection if I get nothing in
return what are your thoughts on how to
react to this situation okay I see two
things in this one I see good thing one
good thing in this and the other is
really quite not not so good and the
thing is when I get these letters I only
have the information in the letter so
that's what I'm going off I don't have
extra information the the thing that I
see that it's good is you understand
that this is a serious business when you
make a pledge to be faithful to your
wife I think in inherent in that pledge
obviously if you break that pledge you
are poisoning the marriage you are doing
really bending the moral atmosphere and
breaking the moral atmosphere of the
marriage but on the other side of that
inherent in that is if your wife refuses
sex or uses sex as a weapon or you use
sex as a weapon that also damages deeply
damages the marriage so at least you're
taking it seriously and I think that's
right but one of the things I didn't
hear you said you have various reactions
one guy angrily demand sex one is just
accepted it and you see it as the end of
the American Way
nobody sat down with their wives and
talked to her about it and asked her how
she felt about it I mean there are a lot
of reasons why
woman might feel this way after 50 after
especially after menopause women have a
lot of physical problems their desire
typically not always but typically kind
of goes down a little bit maybe she
doesn't feel good about not having sex
did you ask did you sit down and talk to
her about what's going on why is this
happening between us head or tell and
tell her how you felt about it I mean
you know for women sex is an emotional
experience for men it is kind of like
you know like going out and buying a
pack of cigarettes sometimes you know
sometimes but I mean for men it's also
an emotional experience especially over
time over a long time but but men are a
little bit more casual about sex I mean
I think it's different to be inside
someone than it is to have someone
inside you if only that also women of
course have so much more at risk and
also are just more emotionally attached
and better at human relations than men
are part of the reason women might start
to not want to have sex is they don't
feel that emotional connection anymore
have you let that fate have you let it
go away or you D make it known that
she's desirable to you that this is not
just about your desires not just about
what you want I mean look there's a
million ways to deal with this but they
all begin with communication I mean you
can get a therapist in there if you want
a marriage therapist somebody that you
can go and talk to together you know
this is damaging it is damaging to a
marriage look if if she were ill if she
couldn't have sex anymore that would be
one thing but if it's just withdrawing
you got to find out why you got to find
out where the connection broke why did
the connection break how does she feel
about this if you are not doing that
it's not the sex that's damaging in
marriage the marriage was already
damaged so I think you got to start with
this communication and really you know
there's there's no I mean I didn't hear
one thing about like let's sit up and
talk about it and that's obviously the
right reaction the first thing you
should do from Ricardo what are your
thoughts on the Reformation do you think
it harmed or helped Christianity and
women I could do three shows on this I
mean I'm this is gonna be a half answer
you know Knowles is Catholic a lot of
other people are evangelicals they all
get in these arguments whenever they get
in these arguments I always feel kind of
there's something a little antic and
comical because I can just picture Jesus
at the Last Supper saying you know this
is this bread is my body taking me to
this blood is this wine is my blood take
it and drink it in the disciples saying
and then we kill each other right no no
just eat the bread and drink the wine
and and then we kill each I know there's
no killing just eat the bread drink the
one well wait but if one person believes
this the other prey can we then kill it
no no can't know if am i stuttering no
killing you know that's why I always
feel like you know you worship Jesus
worship God follow Jesus you know that
that's always the answer for me and I
don't really care all that much about
the rituals and the rights even though
some of them are profound and some of
them have deep truths
embedded in them he's the Reformation a
good thing or not i think the
Reformation is a necessary thing it I
always believed that Shakespeare wrote
Hamlet in response to the Reformation to
show what would happen when the church
law I believe Shakespeare was a Catholic
and I went and he went to show what
would happen when the church lost its
monopoly on truth truth would come up
for grabs
suddenly he wouldn't know what was right
you wouldn't know it was real suddenly
your own emotions as Hamlet's say would
says would transform the entire world
and you'd have nothing to go on the mad
scene in Hamlet reads to me just exactly
like a modern college professor talking
when he's pretending to be mad but
except the college professors are
pretending to be sane so Shakespeare
understood that the world was going to
spin into what it was has spun into on
top of this I have to say recently I've
been reading and rereading a lot of
medieval literature because I want to
write the sequel to another Kingdom and
this is I'm kind of using this as
inspiration and for ideas and we lost a
lot when we lost the Middle Ages you
know the people who founded the
Renaissance were very good propagandists
and they attacked the Middle Ages one of
the reasons it's called the Middle Ages
right the people who lived in the Middle
Ages didn't call it the Middle Ages it
was the people in the Renaissance who
said oh you know there were the classic
age of Greece and Rome and then there's
us and in between there was just the
Middle Ages you know there's this that
that was just dar the Dark Ages but
people who didn't live there didn't feel
that way and they knew a lot of stuff
when you go back and read their stuff
there was great truth embedded in it a
great certainty about that truth that we
have lost and that a artists and
thinkers have been yearning back toward
for a long time the reason I say the
Reformation was
is necessary is because I believe that
Christ freed us for freedom and I think
as long as one church had a monopoly on
on Christ people were not free to choose
how they were going to worship to make
decisions about how they related to the
Bible to make decisions about how
they're related to Jesus even if those
decisions were wrong so I believe that
God lets a lot of evil happen in the
world because he wants us to be free and
I don't believe the Reformation was
necessary necessarily evil but I believe
that the evil that came out of the
Reformation and there has been much of
it was necessary so that people could be
free in their relationships to Christ I
believe that the Catholic Church brought
Western civilization through a very dark
period into the light and civilized
Western civilization to become what it
is becoming now but I think at some
point God said ok but now I let you free
to worship as you will and you are going
to have to make the decisions and so
it's a that's a long answer I could go
on and on forever because there's so
much so much to say about hello King of
Kings actually that's not one of my
Knock titles somebody else has that
title ruler of all who lack hair I am
indeed the ruler of all who lack hair
I believe in free will but I've noticed
that many atheist believe in pre
determinism like Sam Harris but doesn't
predetermine an ism necessarily imply
that there's an entity doing the pre
determining sam harris says is our brain
making decisions before we really choose
anything isn't that like saying that our
brain is God or that we constantly are
running on instinct this confuses me I
don't actually believe that people this
is this is the new thing around
materialists they're trying to prove
that we make decisions on a quantum
level before we become conscious of our
decisions and they think that will prove
that we are not making the decisions
there's no us that makes the decisions I
think it's nonsense and in a sense what
you're saying is right it implies that
somebody you know all these things imply
a certain order and a certain law and we
don't know of any and laws or ideas and
we don't know of any ideas without
someone to think them so in other words
what materialists say is they say well
you're you have an idea
but you only have that idea because of
your body it's just your brain flashing
around and your chemicals going through
your brain so there's no there-there
right but in fact we only so we only
have ideas that material is say because
there is a person there to think them a
body there to think them a machine as
they would say there to think them and
yet they believe that there are laws
that run the universe that caused the
universe to come into being without
anyone there to think up those ideas
those laws it it really does make no
sense let me just talk for a minute
about sex because I think that sex if
sex is I've often said is where the
spirit and the body meet you know sex is
where we express our love but it's also
where we do the thing this is we are
impelled to do by evolution and by our
need to recreate our species many things
that happen in our bodies are
necessities there's no church where the
priests say you know what I don't
believe in going to the bathroom so I
never go to the bathroom you have to go
to the bathroom right
evolution has decreed has made our body
shaped our bodies over the centuries and
millennia so that you have to go to the
bathroom when it's time to go to the
bath but you don't have to have sex sex
is apparently what these guys these
materials think we are all about we're
all about passing on our genes and you
do that through sex and yet and yet
evolution did not decree that you must
have sex what it did was it gave you
pleasure
so you would choose to have sex so
evolution these guys God their God is
evolution evolution itself says that
there is a choice involved right it
didn't I mean it could have just made
you know you have to go to the bathroom
made its way it could have made it so
you would have to have sex it gave us
the urge you gave us the desire it gave
us pleasure in doing it but you can
decide not to do it so evolution itself
decrees says that we have freedom of
choice and we know this to continue with
the sexual metaphor the sexual argument
we know this in the case of rape if I
take a gun and point it at a sexually
active woman a woman who has sex and I
say you are now going to have sex with
me whether you want to or not and
without committing an act of violence on
her body I coerce her into having sex at
the point of a gun why is that wrong if
she has no free will
the only difference I mean she's already
having sexist other men have done this
to her you know so it's not it's not
violating her in any way like that it's
violating her free will we know it is a
crime almost as bad as murder
because it is violating her will we and
we know this we know it in our hearts we
know it in our minds everything about us
knows everything about us knows that we
make choices it's it's just these guys
are taught it they're showing love with
their own brains that they're talking
themselves out of their minds that is
what the intellectuals do and it really
is it's incredible to watch them do it I
mean it's something touching and sad
about watching a guy as smart as Sam
Harris talked himself out of himself I'm
not really here
you know that's basically with Sam
Harris is a it's like if you're not
really here who's picking up the check
you know like why should i listening to
you at all and it is really it's really
a sad thing that George Orwell said that
something about an idea so stupid that
only an intellectual could believe it
Jesus who you may remember from our last
show he said that God has revealed
things has hidden things from the wise
and has shown them to little children
and I think this is this is the kind of
thing that he was talking about try do
one more as such a good series of
questions today I think I got a oh well
here's a quick one Alex do I think do
you think aliens have made contact with
the earth you know I haven't seen any
evidence of that but it wouldn't shock
me I mean the world the the space was
awfully vast and it wouldn't shock me
just by the numbers for there to be
other creatures like us in it it
wouldn't shock me if they had advanced
beyond us it wouldn't shock me if they
had come to I don't know why they
wouldn't just say hi you know maybe
maybe they were such to them were such
animals they're such gods they can't
even don't even realize they could
communicate with us I don't know but no
I've seen no evidence of that
but let me put it this way if tomorrow
they came forward and said yeah we've
been here for 50 years I would be
awestruck but I wouldn't be surprised I
would think like that makes sense okay
tickety tickety boo News
so black panther a Marvel superhero
thing you know I'm no big fan of
superhero stories Black Panther opens
this weekend is supposed to break all
kinds of box-office records although you
never know if that's gonna be true or
not but it's leave it to the social
justice warriors to take a superhero
film and turn it into an occasion for
hatred and division and you know just
like the most obnoxious but they're
saying that on Rotten Tomatoes where
it's gotten like a 98 percent critics
ready they're saying it like they're
throwing people off if they give it a
bad review they're banning them from the
site I don't know if that's true but I
have heard this and and people are just
getting so upset if anybody's makes any
criticism of it no criticism of us as
well what do you think that's gonna do
they social justice words do they know
do they know they ruin everything one
woman on Twitter said that she's not
gonna go that first weekend because she
doesn't want she's white and she doesn't
want to suck the joy out of the
experience of the black people there and
I thought like so who are you gonna suck
the joy out of you know I mean you're
gonna be sucking the draw obviously a
person like he was gonna be sucking the
joy from someone who's it gonna be if
not the black people so the New York
Times ran an article who's allowed to
wear a black panther mask who is allowed
to and they were lamenting they're so
confused because one of the great things
of course about you know blacks becoming
part of more a part of our society as
they have is that kids that don't care
it went Jackie Robinson one of the great
triumphs of Jackie Robinson was that
suddenly little kids were pretending
little white kids were pretending to be
Jackie Robinson that's a triumph so
little white kids wanting to be black
panther that's a good thing right I mean
that's that's what we we want and we
just hear Nancy Pelosi how proud she was
of her grandchild who wanted to be brown
so you know who's allowed to wear a
black panther mask how about this how
about kiss my tuchus wear any damn thing
I please because I'm an American now
would that how would that be yeah the
thing is yeah when I was at the prayer
breakfast all there were all the you
know people got up most of them are
Christian there's one rabbi and he's but
he was old guy and he worked for the
Simon Wiesenthal Center and Simon
Wiesenthal was a Nazi hunter and hunted
Nazis down so I'm not saying he
shouldn't have talked about this but he
and he starts talking triumphantly about
bringing the Nazis to justice I guess
he's promoting his Center but I was
sitting there and I'm a Jew who became a
Christian I'm still that still makes me
a Jew in some ways certainly racially
and certainly in my love of the Jewish
people in my love of my heritage and I'm
sitting there thinking like you know I I
I write in my memoir the great good
thing about the Holocaust I understand
what it is it is a major major event in
human history and it certainly and it is
the end of Europe as far as I'm
concerned it's the period on the life of
Europe but after a while is that who the
Jews want to be do the Jews always want
to be about who killed us last and I
mean certainly the Jews are the most
oppressed people who have ever walked
the face of the earth no one can take
their thorny crown away but is that all
they want to be and of course not of
course not you know they want to do they
want you to know that they're
entertainers and writers and and and
bankers and scientists and win Nobel
Prizes right and left that's you know
that's what you want to talk about how
long the blacks want to be victims how
long do they want to be slaves how long
that is that how they want us to see
them and the thing is I don't believe
that the majority of blacks want to live
like that or be seen like that I believe
they're being sold a bill of goods by
the left so much you know there was an
article in The Wall Street Journal there
review by Steven Pinker about how
wonderful these last 50 to 100 years
have been how much progress there has
been since the Enlightenment saw you
know disease as less disease there's so
much less poverty there's this food for
ever you know we increased our
population by millions and yet there's
more food there's more energy we thought
we're gonna run at it out of energy
we've got more energy soon we'll be able
to harness the Sun will be even more
energy I mean things are going great in
that regard in America in America
bigotry is vanishing it has vanished at
a systemic level it has vanished at a
government level it is as close as it
has ever been since the ancient Roman
Empire to vanish to vanishing on a local
level let it go
they won't let it go because it's the
source of their power we're gonna be
talking about more of these issues
tomorrow with Douglas Murray be there
for that I'm also I've also got
something to say about Turman
and stuff I like I've got a I had this
incredible revelation about the
Terminator film the first Terminator
film so be there for that I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Klavan show we
will see you again for our last day of
the week tomorrow the Andrew Clavin show
is produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover technical producer Austen
Stevens edited by Alex zingaro audio is
mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is
by Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
