that racist horrible monster Attorney
General Jeff Sessions said a perfectly
innocuous thing that people don't
understand so he's a terrible racist we
will analyze all of the hubbub and why
everything now every single thing that
you can possibly utter is racist
probably even what I just said and then
we have a very special dis day in
history today we are going to talk about
Galileo we are going to talk about st.
Valentine and speaking of racism and
race relations we are going to talk not
just about the Anglo American history of
law enforcement and the sheriff's office
but the Republican American history of
anti racism with Teddy Roosevelt and
Booker T Washington I'm Michael Knowles
and this is the Michael Noel's show
you might notice that I am not in my
usual digs today I am in this library of
books in an office I kind of feel like
Tai Lopez you know I'm here with all my
books so I am right now I'm in Palm
Beach
I am a stone's throw from the
president's winter white house Mara Lago
I have spoken to many people today who
regularly see the president down here
it's very nice I was invited down to
speak at the coudair Institute by Dale
coudair and I'll be here with Ramesh
Ponnuru and Mike Frank from the Hoover
Institution and Alf elenberg who just
wrote a wonderful biography about Bill
Buckley we will be talking tonight about
the future of conservatism in the age of
Trump I think I may be one of the few
defenders of our great leader or mango
Mussolini so we'll tell you more about
that tomorrow maybe I'll try to get a
video up as well we have a lot to talk
about today this Jeff Sessions story is
so outrageous it gets just so much of
what we talk about on this show about
the lightly educate the light education
of our self-appointed elites and the
ridiculous abuse of the English language
and we've got to talk about all of that
except providentially providentially I
am here in Palm Beach I'm a stone's
throw from the winter white house I'm
also another stone's throw from the
beach and we will but we have a
wonderful wonderful sponsor that we have
to talk about which is Beachbody on
demand Beachbody on demand is something
that I wish that I had used a little bit
more before I were able I was able to
come down here because I could show
myself off around mar-a-lago and pick up
all the cute little honey's Beachbody on
demand is an online fitness streaming
service that gives you unlimited access
to a wide variety of highly effective
world-class workouts personalized to
meet your needs Beachbody on demand also
includes extensive nutritional content
all proven to help people achieve their
health and fitness goals Beachbody on
demand is a total package to help you
become the total package this year just
in time for Valentine's Day get started
now buddy or else you're gonna have like
a hard time tomorrow familiar brands
include piyo p90x3 p90x as we've all
heard insanity 21 day fix t25
weak yoga retreat this is sweet little
Elise's favorite sponsor of mine she
loves that they help keep the lights on
and that they also will chisel me as I'd
start shedding for the wedding I keep
saying I'm gonna start doing that
Beachbody on demand will help you do
that they're all really good programs
it's very convenient I you know I'm a
millennial I do not go to the gym I
don't want to I don't want to go
anywhere I don't want to leave my I'm
shocked that I'm here right now instead
of so glued to my couch or in my studio
in LA
p90x make it working at prep you 90 X
Beachbody on demand makes using programs
like p90x very very easy it's accessible
on your computer web enabled TV tablet
smartphone any other web enabled device
there's no need to go to the gym you
don't need to schedule a class it's all
right in front of you at your
convenience
are you traveling well you can do
workouts in your hotel room maybe I'll
go upstairs and do one right now no time
Beachbody on demand has workouts that
range from 10 minutes to 1 hour which is
very good I usually go more for the
10-minute range but you can you you know
your mileage may vary Beachbody on
demand knows that working out is just
one part of the equation they also
provide a comprehensive nutrition plans
that will help you meet all of your
goals I know you've all given up on all
of your New Year's resolutions because
it's more than five weeks into the new
year they're all completely gone well
you know start a February resolution
start a Valentine's Day resolution and
start looking good you can try this
amazing program all 600 workouts and
nutritional information how much for
free plus your annual subscription is
cheaper than a gym membership you have
to give it a try right now don't say I
never did anything for you my listeners
get a free trial membership when you
text MKS to three zero three zero three
zero but people are going to think that
I'm just trying to get their phone
numbers I'm just trying to you know
Valentine's Day is coming up but that
isn't the case text m KS two three zero
three zero three zero you will get full
access to this entire platform four
three all of the workouts and
nutritional information for free and
that is going to be very nice so that's
that's more laga that's the winter white
house now we've got to get back to that
racist Jeff Sessions I don't I don't
even know if I can say it I don't even
know if I can say such a hateful
statement that Jeff Sessions made
let's let him say it himself the office
of Sheriff is a critical part of the
Anglo American heritage of law
enforcement
we must never erode this historic office
the Anglo American heritage of law
enforcement is this is what this is what
we've been seeing for years this is what
Ferguson was about the racist law
enforcement is made for the white man to
defend the whoa no that's not what it
means at all Bree Newsome a professional
activist she tweeted this out
she put the shock dies next to an
anglo-american heritage of oh my
goodness gracious
Twitter lost its mind matthew Yglesias
who more than anybody he's one of the
writers at voxcom more than anybody I
think or at least as much as anybody
this guy has contributed to the dumbing
down of public discourse Matt Iglesias
tweeted out he said sessions could have
avoided a lot of trouble this morning by
either saying common law instead of
anglo-american or not having a long
record in public life as a racist he's a
racist Matt medical a seus by the way
he's the guy when Andrew Breitbart died
and left four children and a wife at the
you know at the age of 43 he tweeted out
that the world is a better place because
Andrew Breitbart is dead that's the kind
of person he is so he tweeted that out
and he even used this term common-law
what exactly did Jeff Sessions say so
it's he said that the sheriff is
evidence and an important part of the
Anglo American heritage of law
enforcement so let's just let's take a
step back let's just go to the wiki page
for sheriff what is a sheriff we all
know sheriff's we have the local sheriff
in town a sheriff is a government
official according to Wikipedia with
varying duties existing in some
countries with historical ties to
England where the office originated
that's it that's what a sheriff is
sheriff is an officer initially
responsible for the Shire or County the
sheriff sheriff they're usually elected
officials so these are great in local
elections you always see the sheriff's
come out but they don't have them
everywhere in the world they don't have
sheriffs in Italy they don't have
sheriffs in France they don't have
sheriffs in places that don't have an
Anglo heritage such as our Anglo
American
Eagle tradition the full-text of what he
said he said I want to thank every
sheriff in America since our founding
the independently elected sheriff has
been the people's protector who keeps
law enforcement close to and accountable
to people through the elected process
and this is an important aspect of the
office why do we have a sheriff why
don't we just have a super captain of
police why don't we have just higher
ranking police officers well we have
plenty of ranks of police officers but
the police are work for the government
they don't they're not directly
accountable to the people but in our
common English tradition we have more
accountability to the people so there's
someone who is a legal officer who's
over law enforcement who is elected by
us and if law enforcement isn't doing a
good job by us we can throw that sheriff
out this is this is why it is so
disingenuous for people like Bree
Newsome or Matthew iglesias or all of
these other people who never even
googled the phrase and never even looked
on the Wikipedia for goodness sake
before they drew their crazy conclusions
all those people who were complaining
that law enforcement is harsh on
citizens or at the people the police are
being brutal or they're targeting
certain citizens or others they should
love the sheriff there should they
should applaud Jeff Sessions and say yes
we need more sheriffs jeff Sessions we
need more civilian oversight and more
democratic accountability for that
office but of course they don't do that
because Jeff Sessions is a mean old
racist never mind that Jeff Sessions
executed the head of the KKK in Alabama
Jeff Sessions is responsible for the
death of by by the civil authority of
the head of the KKK in Alabama forget
that he's a racist why is he a racist
well because he's got a southern accent
and he works for Donald Trump and that
that is enough it is so such a glib
reaction the anglo-american law another
term for that is the common law we hear
this all the time actually so if you
google anglo-american law and Google
Scholar half a million results come up
about half a million results just in
scholarly papers is obviously a widely
accepted term throughout case law but in
2016 actually an Obama era DOJ official
a principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Bill Baer he referred to the
anglo-american common law
during a speech in Beijing that was an
Obama era appointment but of course you
won't hear about that and it's because
there's just this reflex now to call
people racist and it's why the term has
lost meaning and it's really they can't
just use this with immunity we were
talking a little bit yesterday about how
you can't stretch these bounds in
indefinitely infinitely you there is a
point at which they break and here's the
threat to that side look if somebody
calls a Republican a racist that goes
without saying and culture once told me
when a liberal calls you a racist you
know you've won the argument if a Left
equals a conservative or racist but it
doesn't mean anything it doesn't say
anything about your character
that's just the tactic they use but
there are racists there are racists and
where there are people who judge others
primarily based on the color of their
skin and that's not good it has that has
no place in a in a in a civilization
that comes out of Christianity it
doesn't make any sense in this
civilization but the more that the left
maligns conservatives as racists the
more cover they're going to give to
actual racists the more that they malign
good points and good oversight for law
enforcement the the more will say well
okay there I guess suppose there can't
be any oversight for law enforcement I
guess this is the system we're in it's
it's a really stupid tactic it's a
Pennywise pound-foolish in the short
term they might get some electoral bonus
points out of it but in the long term it
is gonna really undercut their argument
it could lead to some nasty things
because if every right wing or is a
racist then Richard Spencer is just the
same as anybody else if every right
winger is a racist then David Duke is
just the same as everybody else but
they're not they have different premises
they have different policy goals they do
different things in in politics and
culture a really really bad idea to
conflate those two things but you know
it's a really good idea yeah I'll tell
you what's a really good idea is bowl
and branch sheets so bowline branch is
someone's coming into the show bowline
branch is sheets because they wanted my
sheets these are really good I you know
obviously I get paid a few pennies every
quarter by Ben Shapiro and I usually you
know I get a paycheck of a few pennies
and then a
giant threat written in blood saying
your days are numbered Knowles but one
thing that I do get to do sustain myself
on this show is occasionally I'll get
some freebies from these really great
sponsors and one that I love is bowl and
branch these so I would always in my
whole life I would just buy the cheapo
sheets so I buy these really low quality
like you know that you get them for
three dollars at the local Megamart and
I don't know I just felt they were fine
I thought that's what sheets were I did
not know from sheets until I tried
Bowlin Brant I am probably not gonna
sleep on any other sheets again I'm just
waiting for them to react so I get a
couple more pairs they are so so good
you know look most people spend a third
of their time on sleeping I spend about
two thirds of my time or four-fifths of
my time sleeping so you're gonna want
some good sheets and some good bedding
getting a great night's sleep is easier
and more affordable than you think you
don't need a new expensive mattress or
sleeping pills you just need to change
your sheets and that's why you should
check out ball and branch everything
bowling branch makes from bedding to
blankets is made from pure 100% organic
cotton which means they start out super
soft and they get even softer over time
you can buy directly from them so you're
essentially paying wholesale prices
luxury sheets can cost up to a thousand
dollars that is approximately 997
dollars more than I used to pay on those
cheap not very nice sheets but it Bolin
brand sheets are only a couple hundred
bucks and they are they're so so nice
everyone who tries Boehm branch loves
them that's why they have thousands of
five-star reviews and Forbes The Wall
Street Journal Fast Company they are all
talking about Boland branch three u.s.
presidents sleep on Boland branch sheets
and a best-selling author of a fake book
three US presidents and a best-selling
blank book author presidentially
endorsed blank book author sleep on bold
branch and you should too shipping is
free you can try them for 30 nights if
you don't love them send them back for a
refund you're not gonna want to send
them back there is no risk and no reason
to not give them a try to get started
right now my listeners get $50 off your
first set of sheets at Boleyn branch
calm promo code Michael mi CH AE l go to
bowl and branch comm today $50 off your
first sheets I am giving you so much
stuff today $50 off your first set of
sheets that is Bo
ll and branch comm promo code michael
bolin branch comm promo code michael do
it you're gonna let me tell you it is
improved two thirds of my life so much
and for the third that I'm awake I feel
much more energized very very very good
okay let's move on so there are a few
other things you know now everything is
called racist that's just the easy word
to throw around and there were even more
ridiculous things than this some of the
other things in recent years
hoop earrings apparently are now racist
some Vice magazine writer named Ruby
pivot said that only Hispanics are
allowed to wear hoop earrings they're
part of the Hispanic culture and if you
wear hoop earrings you're culturally
appropriating which in itself doesn't
really make any sense because if you
don't do it then you're excluding the
culture but if you do do it then you're
appropriating the culture so you're kind
of damned if you do and damned if you
don't
it's also historically illiterate just
like the reaction to Jeff Sessions
comment ancient Egyptians wore hoop
earrings cuvees have been around for a
very long time the Hispanic race has
only been around for five hundred years
Hispanic race was invented by
Christopher Columbus it began with
Christopher Columbus because of the
connection between the old-world Spain
and this new the new people the people
indigenous people of the new world
coming together and it created a race of
Latinos so the ancient Egyptians came
before them hoop earrings have been
around a lot longer than five hundred
years but now that's racist the movie
Dunkirk I kid you not the USA Today
reviewer Bryan true it said that viewers
may find it troubling that the lead
characters of Dunkirk were all white
there were white men there were white
men too so the lead characters of a
movie about a specific battle a military
battle where British soldiers fought off
Nazi soldiers that the lead characters
were all white men and what's racist
about that of course is the British men
are British men that's the trouble
that's what's now right reality is Right
history is racist did you know that so
this is really obviously there were some
political and moral and cultural hazards
here but it's also jus-just look so
foolish when you say these things I
can't believe that the left doesn't
hesitate when they say these things now
because it's so it's so demonstrably
false when they say them
you can just google Anglo American
heritage and you come up with these
things everybody should take a break
when you when you have a strong impulse
in politics we have a real passion
you're really really angry nine times
out of ten that's going to be evidence
that you don't really know that much if
you don't have all the facts before you
the people who are screaming and red in
the face and wearing the hats and
all of that those aren't the people that
really know the political issues in
historical context usually it's the
people who were a little calmer who are
speaking a little more calmly and
eloquently generally those guys know
know a little bit more about what
they're thinking so maybe a lesson in
political humility because political
tribalism has replaced all other
divisions among society it is now
preeminent now whenever you're about to
yell something from the rooftop maybe a
lesson in political humility that we can
pass on to our friends is just take a
step step back search for the thing
maybe crack the spine of a book have
been prevent and see if you're right
maybe say oh maybe that person has
something to teach me maybe the Attorney
General knows a little bit more about a
legal history then I some dude knows
about legal history that that humility
if we had just one extra ounce of
humility in our politics I think all of
this rancor and division would would be
dramatically diminished speaking of
rancor and division I want to touch on
this we have a lot of this day in
history to get to I do want to touch
very quickly the New York Times is now
officially drawing moral equivalence
between the United States and North
Korea the New York Times reported on the
Olympics vice president Mike Pence who
is leading the American delegation to
the Olympics warns that the North was
trying to hijack the message and imagery
of the Olympic Games with its propaganda
they use the quotes numbing and a charm
offensive mr. pence mounted a counter
propaganda campaign of sorts meeting
defectors from North Korea and bringing
with him the father of Otto F warmbier
an American University student who died
last year shortly after he was released
from months of detention in the North
but his efforts did a little to stop the
hoopla over ms Kim so you see what they
did
there's the propaganda offensive for
North Korea and then there's the counter
propaganda fan that's just it there's
just propaganda and counter-propaganda
just what he said what she said that's
and you know look so she goes in she
pretends that she doesn't enslave
hundreds of thousands of people in
concentration camps and starve millions
of people in her own country and Mike
Pence goes with the father of an
American student who was murdered by
that regime
it's mmm you know it's just in this one
and this one it's not who can say who's
right it's just what what he said and
which he said it's so disgusting
the New York Times has been doing things
like this for a very long time
this is particularly egregious and we
should not hesitate for one moment to to
rake them over the coals for this it's
really really disgusting imagine being
the father of otto warmbier imagine
being that guy and reading in what was
once the major newspaper in your country
that you are yeah you're basically you
know you're our propaganda and they have
their propaganda it's it's so so gross
okay I guess that's why under Clavin
calls him a former newspaper let's get
to this day in history on this day in
history in 1905 Teddy Roosevelt gave a
speech on race at the New York
Republican Club and the the whole tenor
of the speech was on race relations he
had just won his second term he was
elected first time 1901 they entered his
second term in 1905 and he gave a speech
in honor of Abraham Lincoln around a
Lincoln's birthday and it's really
fitting because everyone is having this
hullabaloo over Jeff sessions as
allegedly racist comments that were not
racist at all Teddy Roosevelt gave a
really beautiful speech he started
quoting Abraham Lincoln's magnanimity
upon re-election and then he quoted this
is Roosevelt this is the spirit in which
mighty Lincoln sought to bind up the
nation's wounds when its soul was yet
seething with fierce hatreds with wrath
with rancor with all the evil and
dreadful passions provoked by Civil War
surely this is the spirit which all
Americans should show now when there is
so little excuse for malice or rancor or
hatred when there is so little of vital
consequence to divide brother from
brother he went on we of today in
dealing with all our fellow citizens
white or colored north or south should
strive to show just the qualities that
Lincoln showed his steadfastness and
striving after the right and his
infinite patience and forbearance
those who saw that write less clearly
than he did his earnest endeavor to do
what was best and yet his readiness to
accept the best that was practicable
when the ideal best was unattainable his
unceasing effort to cure what was evil
coupled with his refusal to make a bad
situation worse by any ill-judged
or ill-timed effort to make it better
this is so profoundly applicable to
today people especially on the right
sometimes criticized Teddy Roosevelt for
not being a real conservative you know
he likes the environment a lot and he
called himself a progressive even though
that term was quite different than how
we use it today but what he just
explained is a profound conservatism
especially that last line of the first
part there is so little of vital
consequence to divide brother from
brother today there is so little of
vital consequence to divide brother from
brother we live in the most prosperous
time in the history of the world but
there is so so little true social
inequality insurmountable social
inequality that can't be fixed by going
to school and working hard there there
is so little health inequality everyone
is living so much longer now we do have
universal health care in this country
regardless of what the lefties say we
don't have socialized medicine
thankfully but anyone who goes to a
hospital will be treated there is there
is so little to divide us that we make
up this petty nonsense
we're not fighting major Wars anymore
there's no military draft there are no
major religious wars in the United
States there's just a malaise of secular
humanism
I'm the Lay's of Atheist decadence that
is not sufficient so Roosevelt is
talking about this moment looking back
on the Civil War we can look back on the
early of 20th century and say we have it
so much better now but he makes the
point to not be utopian to not be
rationalist about these things he loved
you know Lincoln had this earnest
endeavor to do what was best but he had
the readiness to do the best that was
practicable when the ideal best was
unattainable he wouldn't make us a
situation worse by trying to do the best
he would he would deal in reality that's
so beautiful and a lot of this speech is
about the betterment of black people and
white people these days that would be
old racist just like everything is
called racist these days but it was
really beautiful what what Roosevelt is
saying is that black people are in this
or socially unequal at this moment
because because they've been excluded
from society they've been enslaved
they've been denied education they've
been denied human dignity they've been
denied Liberty of course they're they're
unequal there's no Kuenn earth could
they possibly be equal in a social
measure after all of that just coming
out of all of that but he the point he
was making is that our fortunes are
intertwined together if we fail in this
endeavor to raise up people that have
been excluded from society and to
involve them in society all races will
fail all people in this society will
fail and if we succeed in that all races
will be bettered he was he was really
good on this point on race from early on
in 1901 right at the beginning of his
first term he became the first president
invited who invited a black person to a
meal at the White House a black people
had been invited to meetings at the
White House before that but meetings are
just business meeting you know black
people built the White House black
people had a business relationship black
slaves at a business relationship with
their slave masters from the early days
of this country but they didn't have
social equality and a meal at the White
House implied social equality that's why
this was such a big moment he invited
Booker T Washington we can do a whole
episode on Booker T Washington one of
the great men of his century but it took
political courage because segregation
was the law of the land Washington and
Roosevelt had become fairly close they
correspondent and this was Booker T
Washington was a former slave and he had
dinner with the President of the United
States potato Roosevelt did it because
he was fairly impulsive historians say
he was given to impulse and so he just
decided he was going to invite this guy
to dinner and he hesitated because he
realized what the fallout would be from
society to him and also against Booker T
Washington and then he was ashamed that
he felt the hesitation and he sent the
invitation and when Booker T Washington
received the invitation he felt dread
and hesitation because he knew what the
consequences would be but he knew that
he was being called on for this major
moment in history and he did it a former
slave and the President of the United
States having dinner at the
it has and to both Republicans caused a
lot of a stirrer and but that
impulsiveness and that shape not caring
about shaking up tradition which remind
us of some people in the Oval Office
today this is what made this moment
happen and but and in the selection of
Booker T Washington is even so beautiful
this is one of the great men he created
the Atlanta compromise in 1895 the
agreement of the Atlanta compromise was
that for the time southern blacks would
consent to white political rule in the
south as long as southern whites
guaranteed blacks education and due
process and this food that doesn't sound
pretty that's wrong it is wrong
obviously it's wrong to consent to that
oh that's not parens to the utopians
ultimately excoriated him for this w e
to be Dubois more utopian and left-wing
black rights activists initially liked
the Atlanta compromise and then it
wasn't good enough for him but Booker T
Washington dealt in reality and it's not
dealing in reality is not a bad thing
it's not morally icky to deal in reality
it's it's really the only courageous
choice because if we just deal in the
clouds we might feel pure and morally
pure but we won't do anything well and
we might actually make a bad situation
worse so the selection of Washington is
so beautiful and this shows the
Republican history very very often
you'll hear people say oh well the
party's switched and no he wasn't a real
Republican in this event in this and
that nonsense the Republican Party since
it was found the ruling party was
founded in opposition to slavery but
since the beginning it is stood for
human dignity and ordered liberty you
can trace that conservative tradition
through all its meanderings from Edmund
Burke all the way up to Bill Buckley and
wherever we are now you can trace that
thread through human dignity and ordered
liberty and it's a lovely moment
happened on this day in history when
Teddy Roosevelt gave that speech all
right do I have to I got probably up to
say goodbye I'm sorry I have to say
goodbye we have so much more to get to
though we have my favorite subject one
of my favorite subjects which is why
Galileo was a big jerk and the church
was right and they should never have
apologized to him but and we and will
also will close talking about st.
Valentine but I'm sorry if you're
watching this on Facebook I gotta say
goodbye if you're watching this on
YouTube you're a liar because
probably aren't letting me street do
YouTube anymore I think they're
censoring every word that comes out of
my mouth and me and every other
conservative so if you're on Facebook go
to daily wired.com right now if you go
to daily wire.com what do you get you
get me the Andrew Klavan shirt the Ben
Shapiro show you get the conversation
you go to ask questions and my
conversation is up and it's up tomorrow
at 5:00 p.m. Eastern 2:00 p.m. Pacific
so check it out then you can ask me
anything the love doctor is in the house
baby ask me any question and I'll
probably ruin your relationship but take
it for what it's worth
you'll get to ask questions many
everybody can watch few can ask
questions many are called but few were
chosen none of that matters what really
matters is the leftist years tumblr you
need to get it is this is an insurance
policy for your family and for your
family's safety there's a lot more
coming down the road a lot more success
out of this administration the
advancement of a conservative agenda
nobody wants that Jeff Sessions is gonna
might even say things like god Bless
America in the future the tears are
gonna be flying the salty delicious
tears are gonna be wall-to-wall make
sure you can protect you and your family
go to Daley wire com we'll be right back
moving right along on this day in
history this is a really good day in
history I'm glad we were gonna move this
show but I there were too many dis days
in history to do so I'm sorry we have to
do it today even if we're in like the
bunker here so on this day in history in
1633 Galileo was called to Rome for
questioning Galilei was called to Rome
those terrible Catholics who hated
science the anti science he was just
trying to show them the light and in the
cabinet awful anti-progressive catholic
church shut him down thank goodness we
had the Reformation so that we could
have some science and enlightenment and
whatever nonsense people say that isn't
none of that is true and Galileo was a
big jerk and he should have been
punished more harshly that's basically
what you should take away from this to
begin with the first church the church
is not anti science it's not anti
science now it was not anti science at
then it never has been anti science
during Galileo's time itself Jesuits ran
plenty of scientific endeavors in Rome
from the early Middle Ages a bishop
Isidore of Seville wrote in the
encyclopedia of natural knowledge bead
of Jarrow same thing Alcuin of york
advised Charlemagne on scientific
matters a ravenous Maris the Archbishop
of Mainz was one of the most prominent
scientists of the Carolingian age in the
later Middle Ages the Catholic Church
founded the university system so all
really all of the categorized science
all of the institutionalized science
comes from the Catholic Church the
Chartres Cathedral School University of
Bologna University of Paris Oxford
Salerno Vicenza Cambridge Salamanca
Naples Padova goes on and on and on
those were all founded by Catholics
georgous Agricola Georg Agricola was the
founder of a theology who's devoted
Catholic
Nicholas stay no anatomical scientist
and geologist devoted Catholic on
astronomy the church founded the modern
calendar so we're saying well maybe they
were good on geology but they they were
nuts about the sky they just believed in
silly myths about the sky not true they
actually founded the modern calendar
because the old Julian calendar didn't
match up with astronomical reality so
they started the Gregorian
calendar even Copernicus so Copernicus
was the first guy to propose the
heliocentric view of the universe that
the Sun is in the center of the solar
system the Earth revolves around the Sun
and you know the same thing that Galileo
was talking about so Copernicus must
have been burned at the stake wasn't he
was tortured just like Galileo was
allegedly tortured but he wasn't no
that's not true at all when Copernicus
presented his theories Pope Clement the
seventh was quite interested in them and
received them warmly Copernicus actually
dedicated his major work to Pope Paul
the third ironically Martin Luther
appears to have made a big deal about
rejecting that theory before Catholics
did and his followers the Lutheran's
rejected that model Kepler expanded on
Copernicus's work of the heliocentric us
solar system and he was run out of town
by his fellow Protestants in fact the
only place he found refuge was was among
Jesuits
there's also by the way good at the time
there was good evidence against
heliocentrism so Galileo's ideas that he
said the he was building on the work of
Copernicus and others but he was saying
that the Earth revolves around the Sun
rather than the earth sitting at the
center of the the universe of the solar
system but the evidence at the time came
all the way back from Aristotle who made
this point if the Sun is at the center
then there should be observable parallax
shifts in Stars positions but the
technology at the time including
Galileo's technology couldn't measure
those shifts so there actually was
plenty of good scientific evidence
against the Sun being at the center
obviously now we have much more
sophisticated equipment so we can see
that that isn't true san agustin by the
way it gives great ample evidence that
the Catholic Church has never stood in
the way of science because he liked to
observe that the Bible teaches us how to
go to heaven not how the heavens go he
wrote one does not read in Scripture I
will send you the Paraclete who will
teach you the course of the Sun and the
moon right he doesn't teach us about any
teachers got to be a Christian not how
to be a mathematician or an astronomer
some within the church at the time of
Galileo admittedly insisted on two
literal and interpretation Scripture but
that persists throughout the world today
not predominantly among Catholics but
among other denominations
we hear of bible literalists bible
churches or you know the Bible is
literal but even this I don't mean to to
mock those points of view it's a it's a
subtle and difficult point because
literally the word literally means not
symbolically right it's not simple it's
literally except that the word literally
is referring to letters which are
symbols so even in literally you get a
difficult image with which to view the
relation of the symbol to the symbolized
more on that later even with all of this
even with all of this Pope Urban the
third allowed Galileo to publish
arguments for his theory he just said do
not advocate the new position to
forcefully but you can publish all of
your arguments and all of your evidence
if you like Galileo being a jerk put
those words into the character simply Co
simply CHEO in his dialogue on the two
world systems so he's basically calling
the clergy he's calling the great high
ups in the clergy idiots he's in his
dialogue because Galileo is a jerk so
not only does he not dude he does the
one thing that he was told not to do he
publish whatever he wants but he also
alienated all of his advocates in the
church so they couldn't support him any
more now he wasn't tortured while the
Protestants in the New England were busy
burning witches at the stake
the Catholics were very nice to Galileo
he was imprisoned in his very nice home
he had a servant he had everything he
could ever want to do scientific
experiments and then in 1992 for some
reason the Vatican apologized for its
treatment of Galileo which certainly
shouldn't have done it didn't didn't
really do anything wrong Galileo was a
big jerk sometimes you gotta smack big
jerks around and make them stay in their
nice house and also he wasn't entirely
right Galileo said that the Sun was in
the center of the universe but obviously
that isn't the case universe some much
larger than we thought it was so even
looking back on Galileo it's not like he
got it perfectly right either okay
that's enough of my lambaste in Galileo
one last bit I want to leave you on
before we hop out of here I want to
leave you with a little bit of love a
little bit here's the love doctor on to
st. Valentine's Day so people ask what
is the Saint Valentine's Day about who
is Saint Valentine what do we know about
him how did we get from Saint Valentine
to giving each other chocolates same
Valentine is apparently an early
Christian martyr had his head chopped
off and just suffered all manner of
torture so how do we get from that to
giving each other nice candy hearts and
flowers and things a lot of this does
date back to ancient Roman festivals so
sometimes people criticize the Catholic
Church in the Eastern Orthodox Church
and some of the high Protestant churches
for indulging in pagan rituals you know
Christmas trees or whatever celebrating
Christmas in December when Christ might
have been born in the spring or
something like that
but the the church for thousands of
years now has made it a cause to take
pagan things that were popular and then
baptized them into Christianity which
seems fine by me it's that's really the
mission of the church is to baptize the
whole world not just you know among Jews
and in first century Palestine but to
all peoples for all times so there was
an ancient Roman festival of Lupercalia
which was observed from February 13th to
February 15th
it involved cleansing rituals it was a
festival of fertility it sounds like a
lot of fun a pope Galatia s' the first
abolished this at the end of the fifth
century sad but the it's easy to abolish
these things it's harder to stamp out
the rituals especially when fertility is
concerned so at the first link between
Ballantine's day and st. Valentine these
rituals that came out of Lupercalia and
st. Valentine was from Geoffrey Chaucer
who wrote The Canterbury Tales and he
noted it in relation to the marriage of
Richard ii and his wife Chaucer wrote
for this was on st. Valentine's Day when
every bird cometh there to choose his
mate you know what those birds get up to
those birds and those bees so current
scholarship suggests that Chaucer
actually might have had a different st.
Valentine in mind we don't know anything
about st. Valentine really other than he
was a martyr who died for Christ but we
know so little about the guy all we know
is that he was a Christian martyr who
died for his faith and but he actually
had to be removed from the Catholic
calendar because we don't know anything
else about him that is fine you know
we've made it through all of this
three and now you know we've clearly the
whole holiday has been imbued with the
romance and the eros that it had from
ancient days and so maybe give a nod to
those Christian martyrs and think about
as you indulge in romantic love it's not
like like the church or st. Valentine or
our civilization says that romantic love
is bad or erotic love is bad it isn't
but there was a higher love and there is
the love of God no no greater love has a
man than to die for his brothers for his
friends so maybe as you as you get a
little saucy on Valentine's Day consider
all the variations of love and how the
love that we feel for one another and
our romantic partners is lovely in
itself and an evidence of a higher love
which might be even more pleasing though
that's hard to believe
ok that's our show for today I will see
you for the conversation make sure to
come on the show at 5 p.m. Eastern 2
p.m. Pacific and ask some questions and
otherwise I will see you then unless
something something happens midair but
let's knock on wood that won't happen in
the meantime
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Noel's show I'll see you tomorrow
the Michael Knoll show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer
Mathis Glover our technical producer is
austin stevens edited by alex Zingaro
audio is mixed by mike core amina
hair and makeup is by Jeshua of era
copyright for word publishing 2018
