Trump was a hero Donald Trump you know
when you charge over a hill you know and
you're running into gunfire you don't
know who the guy next he is the guy next
to you may be a bad guy he may cheat on
his wife he may embezzle money but in
that moment he may be doing the heroic
thing and Donald Trump I'm not sure how
many Republican presidents would have
stood by this guy in the hour of need
now I'm sure that McConnell stiffened
the spine when it was needed but still
we know Trump is a fighter we know he is
a belligerent we know he will not back
down and he didn't back down it would
have been a lot easier for him a lot of
people were saying it would have been a
lot easier for him to say all right you
don't like this can't you no candidate
but the principle matter the principle
was everything more important than
Cavanaugh himself as the principle let's
listen to Trump selling it to an
arsonist and you don't give power to an
angry left-wing mob and that's what they
become
the Democrats have become too extreme
and too dangerous to govern Republicans
believe in the rule of law not the rule
of the mob good for president the Donald
it is time to just stop for a minute and
remember this is still a country with
heroes in it this is still a country
with principles a still a country that
stands fast even in the face of the mob
it's a beautiful beautiful thing
tomorrow the battle starts again
now the battle starts again the election
is coming but for a moment you've got to
take a breath and remember this is a
beautiful thing
