I have to go through this in detail
because it is astonishingly stupid
astonishingly terrible so there is a
piece that is out at a publication
called the forward the forward is a
radical left publication every so often
they asked me to write something for
them sometimes I do sometimes I do not
the publisher is pretty good about
letting opposing views appear there but
there's no question that it is a far
left no it's a far left publication well
they have a piece out today from a woman
named Tamara Colton she's a female rabbi
and psychologist in Birmingham Michigan
now number one when most people say
female rabbis there are some female
rabbis who are knowledgeable but most
female rabbis are in the
Reconstructionist a reform movement and
they're not very knowledgeable like I as
a is a lay Orthodox Jew and not a member
of the priestly caste not a not a rabbi
know a lot more than somebody like
Tamara Colton just because I read the
Bible on a regular basis how do I know I
know more than she does because my god
dude like here's what she wrote you
wrote a piece basically saying that Adam
and Eve is the first case of me to of
hashtag me too and I have to explain
this because it's so insane this
execrable journey into biblical exegesis
goes so far off the rails that actually
starts running Harrison Ford down
Harrison Ford actually has to run to
avoid the engine of stupidity churning
the ground up after him he has to dive
into a ravine to avoid it and only later
does he find out that he can get rid of
his leg chains I mean it's just terrible
anyway here is Tamera Colton so she says
quote as a 47 year old woman rabbi I've
become emboldened by these brave young
women to speak the truth that I've known
in my heart for a long time but have
been hesitant to share the time has come
for me to step forward - it's time we
all acknowledge an overwhelmingly
powerful source of shame and silence in
the Bible oh yeah now you'd expect her
to go from here to like the stuff in
Leviticus about virginity until marriage
or like the stuff in Leviticus about
homosexuality or the stuff in Leviticus
about forbidden sexual relationships you
know order the stuff in Jewish tradition
about modesty right yeah that's where
you expect her to go it would be stupid
but that's where you would expect her to
go but that's not where she goes instead
she goes to Adam and Eve now you ask how
does Adam and Eve have anything to do
with with me - oh well let rabbi Colton
tell you quote the story that begins the
Bible the first one that we learned in
Sunday school the founding story of man
and woman upheld for thousands of years
by judeo-christian religion is actually
the first is actually the story of the
first sexual assault of a woman
the woman's name is Eva and the
perpetrator is God does she read like
English or Greek or Hebrew or any human
language okay here are a few words that
describe this stupid fatuous harebrained
doltish preposterous asinine ridiculous
ludicrous imbecilic there's a few words
that come to mind
