this is pretty amazing and I do love it
that there was a they've decided that
the new Gerber baby is is is actually a
baby with Down syndrome which is just
wonderful and pro-life that's the subtle
pro-life message here it is a little bit
of added on The Today Show it's always
been such a good baby I've never met
anyone to come in contact with Lucas and
not smile see for me I thought he was
adorable and I thought well maybe the
world might Kourtney submitted this
picture of Lucas the winning photo the
first time a baby with Down syndrome has
won what was your reaction when you read
that email we had just walked in to the
house and we opened open the mail and
she started screaming didn't really sit
in oh my goodness my child's the next
baby okay so that's that's really cool
that's really great it is worthwhile
noting here's something mildly
controversial but true true if the Left
had its way babies like Lucas would not
exist
okay there's there's a eugenics movement
that is now happening in Northern Europe
particularly eugenic abortion in which
parents who know their baby has Down
syndrome are aborting their kids before
they are born killing the babies in the
womb the idea that everyone celebrates
babies like Lucas is just not true
there's a whole variety of people who
say the babies like Lucas are a blot on
society and should not live or that the
mother has a has a inherent right to
murder a kid in the womb if the kid has
a severe disability like Down syndrome
you know this should remind us that
there is beauty in the diversity of
human life and there there is beauty in
life itself even if somebody has a
disability like Lucas does so it's an
amazing story
