yesterday there was this story you know
and I feel two ways about the story the
story the Trump was asking the military
to prepare a big military parade in
Washington and you know it goes right up
my spine as an American I do not want a
big man I love the military I'm so
appreciative of what they do I talk
about it all the time I'm glad they pay
tribute to them at the Superbowl I'm
glad they pay tribute to them on TV I'm
glad there are commercials about them I
don't want to see like a big trucks
drive a tanks driving down Pennsylvania
Avenue although it would be funny if
somebody like a mascot dressed up in the
big red button that Trump was gonna
breasts to blow up North Korea but that
would be kind of funny if there's maybe
a couple girls you know dressed in
tights and a big and as a big red button
on their head that might be really
interesting but no you know I actually
don't think that's a good idea I don't
even know I think maybe Trump is
trolling people because he must have
known the way they were gonna react I
was in a bar here last night and I've
got stuck watching CNN which really is
an experience they are amazing so here
is CNN talking about this idea of having
a military brain just listen to the way
they are trying to instill panic in your
mind we're getting more North Korean
every day in this country I mean you
know yesterday the president says people
who don't cheer are unamerican
and in treasonous and today we're gonna
start having big parades with tanks and
missiles and you know how people have to
decide what whether they want to have
that kind of country I mean we have a
country where we celebrate our troops as
as Barbara said when they come home from
battle in lower Manhattan and we throw a
ticker-tape but the idea in peacetime
simply to have tanks roll through the
streets of Washington that's to use a
phrase that the president likes to use
in my experience that's unamerican so
it's unamerican it's North Korean
returning into North Korean like I said
I don't like the idea that much either
but the patli idea that this is
authoritarian you know where is the beef
on this authoritarian thing where is the
panic coming from for a guy who's
cutting the government who's actually
dialed back executive power even his own
power he's dialed it back
