here we are on Facebook live with
another fantastic guest today it's James
O'Keefe he's an award-winning journalist
and writer founder and president of
project Veritas an organization
dedicated to investigating corruptions
it's honesty waste and fraud both public
and private institutions it's a
brand-new book it is right here it is
America and Pravda my fight for truth in
the era of fake news James thanks so
much for joining us thanks for having me
so one of the things that obviously
comes up a lot when whenever people
discuss James O'Keefe and talk about you
is whether or not you are a journalist
what I've always said is that you are a
sort of activist slash journalist that
your goal is to go in and expose things
not in the way that the New York Times
would you know but by actually going in
and exposing the motivations of people
by going undercover with that how would
you describe what it is that you do I
would say journalism Ben is an activity
not an identity or is at least an
activity and and you know
Aristotle sort of said you are what you
repeatedly do so and by any measure what
project Veritas has done ever since the
days of Andrew Breitbart when I met you
it's defund organisations get dozens of
people fired swing various Senate
elections go undercover into Twitter
exposing people in their own words and
journalism is about shaming the devil
and telling the truth and capturing
people in their own words not you I love
your quote facts don't care about your
feelings so ultimately it's about the
facts it's about the facts that are on
videotape and one of the things that
James has gotten tons of flack for is
actually going undercover and bringing
film back and that film is always it
makes people deeply uncomfortable when
they're caught on film is Jim's you
mentioned that I got to know you when
you were in the middle of exposing acorn
and and we met through Andrew Breitbart
and that of course is a great piece of
journalism that ended up essentially
destroying that organization as well it
should and lately you've done that to
Twitter you mentioned that you'd gone
undercover at Twitter and gotten people
at Twitter to essentially admit that
they were biasing their algorithms and
picking out certain accounts and all the
rest of it so one of the complaints that
has been lodged against you by the left
is the selective editing complaint
they've been doing this all the way
since the acorn days how do you tend to
fight back against it begins that
complaint well they the only actual edit
been they ever refer to is when I went
in as a pimp
and with with Hannah as though they say
we didn't wear the pimp costume but I
would say that pimp protocol doesn't
require wearing a pimp costume to be a
pimp it requires saying that you want to
I suppose start brothels which is what
we said so they're never able to
actually point to a specific editorial
edit they just use that as a kind of
hyperbole and I would say that newspaper
reporters I mean they paint portraits
with words they use words in such a way
as to sort of obfuscate but we call it
Veritas is the Latin word for truth
cinema verite it's it's reporting people
in their own words so they're not able
to actually talk about a specific in
this edit it's just used as an ad
hominem attack and I can split a point
to many specific edits Katie Couric got
sued for defamation for that gun
documentary The Rolling Stone had to
retract an entire store that wasn't even
true in Virginia al allison cammarata
doctored some so there's some eeen
editing happens all the time with the
what really what matters is are you are
you showing people in their own words
and is it in context and they're never
able to specifically point on to an edit
and so in your book American profit to
James O'Keefe you talk a fair bit about
how you've been on the wrong end of
government investigations and government
targeting schemes what's that been like
and and how do you how do you deal with
that I the book is really a treatise on
modern media it's also it takes a lot of
moral courage for people to go
undercover like David daleiden who was
targeted by the California Attorney
General raided his home was raided his
hard drives were confiscated our
journalists get detained on the border
when they crossed border and and border
security asks who they're voting for
what stories they're working on and
again Ben it comes down to the fact that
the system doesn't believe that we're
journalists so they can violate our
Fourth and First Amendment rights
because they don't like us and what
worries me is in this country
increasingly many people in the media
you know say off with his head
put him in jail and they can't point to
a specific law that's broken they just
don't like certain things exposed so I
think we're reaching an inflection point
in American history where the only real
journalism is going to be done by
independent people it's not going to be
done by cable news it's not going to be
done by New York Times because those
those organizations have a vested
interest in maintaining the status quo
and that that's not just my words Noam
Chomsky said the same thing so it's not
a right-wing propaganda supported thing
and independent people have to go do it
but we are literally fighting for our
very lives fighting for our rights to do
it and all the while being kneecapped by
state attorneys generals who wants what
are the things that's so fascinating
about the stuff that you do James and
it's different from what journalists
typically does every so often you'll see
a journalist do a story where they sort
of attempt to sneak weapons through F
through TSA for example just to see if
things work but the way that you guys do
journalism is is a lot more like that
that it is like the New York Times
sitting around and waiting for somebody
to leak to them from the White House
it's a lot more what would somebody do
if they were given the opportunity to do
it you go you go in there and you
present a scenario to somebody and you
say to them okay now are you willing to
fund a brothel or are you willing to
engage in in an application for a public
works project that literally involves
digging a hole and then filling it back
in which is something you did with the
Union up it up in New York how do you
choose which projects to do because some
of them work some of them fail some of
them are great ideas some aren't so
great ideas how do you figure out which
ones to pursue great question we use
deception as a means of gaining access
we've gotten a lot of flack and and and
even some from you and that's the mirror
we've gotten a lot of flack from people
who assume that we're actually trying to
do what we say we in so a good example
would be the Washington Post and they
said well you tried to plant a fake
story actually we were trying to gain
trust by posing as a victim so that
another human being could trust us and
divulge sort of journalistic malpractice
Azur hard and loose with the facts it's
like when I went in as a pimp I didn't
actually intend to start a brothel right
I was trying to establish a rapport with
a government worker maybe they would be
the Abu grave of the Great Society as
Andrew Breitbart said so how do we
choose we go after the sacred cows we go
after the organizations and institutions
that people are unable to go after we
use deception because we believe that
there's a the media is not being
virtuous in passing along untrue
information from their sources we
challenge the sources bike by talking to
them in private and what we find post
case was national securities here dear
Porter's The Washington Post saying we
don't really believe there's anything
there that's not my words that's their
words so oftentimes what people say in
private
is much more true than what they'll pass
along to the masses publicly in the
ultimate paramount virtue is being
truthful to the masses and oftentimes
the only way to do that Ben is by going
undercover well the book is American
Pravda the the journalist the undercover
journalist is is James O'Keefe and do
I'm not gonna ask you to reveal any of
the projects that you have on the table
because obviously I would defeat the
purpose of doing what it is that you do
but can you say if you have some new
material coming out any time soon
we just relaunched a story on Twitter
the chief operations officer of Twitter
has resigned in recent weeks and I think
big tech is gonna be a massive theme
this year as well as the elections well
it should be fascinating and we'll all
be watching obviously what you do if you
if you haven't seen James material would
you cover it over its daily wire it's
been covered places like Drudge Report
and of course it makes the left media
absolutely mad regardless of what it is
the change brings out so the book again
is American problems James so much for
thanks so much for spending a few
minutes appreciate it thank you Ben
