Lefty's tell us they tell us all the
time the gender is a social construct
but I'm looking at you faith you look
very much like a lady
you seem objectively prettier than I am
your voice is higher pitched than mine
is is there evidence that gender is a
social construct no in fact I think
there's evidence that it is not a social
construct that it is inherent in men to
be men and women to be women and there
are even there are studies that sort of
you know the most recent one I saw was
about sort of toy preference and they
kind of they've they weeded out all of
these things like you know whether the
mom and dad were there and all of this
stuff and it was like the girls picked
the girl toys the boy I mean no it's
ridiculous you know I and I think that
when when you try to prove that that
gender is a social construct you you end
up just sort of talking yourself in
circles and when the feminists do it
they end up talking themselves into
victimhood essentially no of course they
it always ironically something that's
supposed to empower them ends up making
them like little children and I love
that you brought up the scientific
studies because I've seen these two
studies that show that regardless of
socialization regardless of the awful
patriarchal culture boys want to play
with boy toys and robot girls wanna play
with girl toys and then in fake studies
in like gender studies one of my hobbies
a few years ago a buddy of mine did and
I we did we did this on tumblr we
created a blog called gender studies
department as always I think it's still
up there gender studies department
- blog tumblr comm and we would just
post quotes from actual peer-reviewed
published Gender Studies papers that
absolutely meant nothing they were just
random words
and so one quote says and this is by
this might be the most rational quote of
all of them it says at the root of eco
feminism is the understanding that the
many systems of oppression are mutually
reinforcing building on the socialist
feminist insight that racism classism
and sexism are interconnected
eco feminists whatever that is
recognized additional similarities
between those forms of human oppression
and the oppressive struck
of speciesism and naturism and ISM ISM
and ISM ISM ISM I notice all of these
other lefty ideas socialism
environmentalism they keep creeping into
discussions about feminism
