there are two types of bias in the media
bias number one in the media a piece of
a piece of bias number one of the media
is the the notion that you can bias a
story right that a story comes through
and you read it in the in the most
ridiculous possible sense and the most
anti conservative possible sense that's
one form of bias the other form of bias
is to have on a series of guests who
will all do that for you so having
Michael Wolf on MSNBC is one example of
this another example of this Ellen
DeGeneres just had on Michelle Obama why
is Michelle Obama on with Ellen
DeGeneres
why is she relevant the answer is she's
not right she she's not launching a new
program now she's not doing anything
important she's just doing her first
interview since she left the White House
but here's what Michelle Obama said and
this came out this morning quote people
are afraid but then there are people who
feel good about the direction of the
country so I mean that's what makes this
country complicated because it's made up
of so many different people from
different backgrounds and that's what
that's what she told DeGeneres when
asked what advice she would give to
people who find the world to be a scary
place right now she said the thing I
learned in the eight years I was in the
White House is that what we do every day
in our lives the good things that we do
every day and we know we do it we show
empathy we care for each other you know
we do have a lot in common that's what
it means to leave with hope and not fear
I would just encourage your viewers the
country to do the things we do every day
to love each other to take care of each
other to show empathy and you can't do
that only when people make you feel good
or safe we've got to do it all across
the board we have to be an open hearted
nation that's who we are so this is
another form of biases have on Michelle
Obama too to just lecture us PAP about
empathy by the way I've said many times
before empathy and politics is poison
sympathy is useful empathy is wrong the
reason empathy is wrong is because when
you put yourself in somebody's shoes
you're immediately taking yourself out
of everyone else's shoes right if you
have empathy for one person that means
that you are feeling what that person is
feeling but you're not feeling what the
other 300 million people in the country
are feeling making policy should not be
based on empathy
