this is why Bernie Sanders his response
was probably better I mean it was filled
with with the usual stupidities but it's
this is I think even Bernie Sanders
looked tired last night I mean Sanders
gave a response and Sanders always looks
tired because he's a thousand years old
and did not have his proper share of
pudding last night before he gave his
State of the Union response address he
should have been focusing as I say on
character issues and also on 1% it's
sustainable growth and all the rest of
this but he has to just go down that the
progressive talking points list instead
I mean it was Trump tonight and it was
pretty obvious it's Trump tonight from
Sanders his response in Trump Sanders
spends time ripping on Trump for not
talking about climate change when you
look at the polls climate changes like
number 11 number 13 on American's list
of concerns but that's where Bernie
Sanders chooses to go now I don't
understand how a President of the United
States can give a State of the Union
speech and not mention climate change
know mr. Trump climate change is not a
hoax it is a reality which is causing
devastating harm all over our country
and all over the world and you are dead
wrong when you appoint administrators at
the EPA and other agencies were trying
to decimate environmental protection
rules and slow down the transition to
sustainable energy yeah good luck with
this I mean first of all him looking
like he's appearing on a c-span callin
unit in the middle of the State of the
Union response is not a good look it was
Trump tonight this was the best night
that Trump has had in a very long time
if Trump could sustain it then yet I'd
be optimistic for 2018 and 2020 I highly
doubt that it will be sustained just
because that has not been the pattern
thus far but it was there's no question
was a good night for Trump is a bad
night for Democrats and we'll see if
they continue to shoot themselves in the
foot
