well my my wife's sister my
sister-in-law case you don't know that's
the way that relationship works just
just had a baby so my wife went away for
a few days she went she was away over
the weekend it's to help with with the
baby she took our youngest kid with her
but she left me with the twins and it's
not the first it's not the first time
I've had the kids by myself for an
extended period of time and I'm not one
of those dads that can't figure out how
to take care of his own kids I don't
have that problem I think those dads
mostly exist in sitcoms but the one
problem I do run into and this is the
one area where I guess I am like the
clueless stereotypical dad from the
sitcom but the thing is I don't know why
it is but I can't I can't figure out how
to find anything in my own house I don't
know where anything is in my own house
and I've had this problem for as long as
I've been alive I mean even but when I
was a kid and I lived in my parents
house all those years I never knew where
anything was and and and now in my own
house I don't know where anything is and
usually it's not a problem because my
wife is here so if I'm looking for
something I'm looking for a pair of
scissors I can just ask her where the
scissors and she'll say oh well they're
in the same place they were the last 18
times us and then I'll say what well
okay but what where where were they then
and then she'll explain so and we have
that conversation you know Prague in a
conversation like that approximately 30
to 40 times a day but when she's not
around and I'm looking for something
what am I supposed to do you know I can
text her which I do but she doesn't
always respond promptly so now I have
been reduced or I can google like in the
average house where does this item exact
and do that but what I've been reduced
it was right now I asked my
five-year-old daughter where things are
in the house and sadly enough she
actually knows and will tell me so I
have my five daughter now pointing me in
the right direction am I in the house so
yesterday at various different points
she was able to bail me out and
correctly locate a pair of scissors I
don't know why I always need scissors
but I I for some reason I've kind
needing them and I'm never knowing where
they are but she found a pair of
scissors her brothers sneakers her
brother socks an extra blanket a box of
crayons all those things she could find
not that I needed those for related
reasons but at various different points
so that's been good Inge and she likes
to be the mommy of the house even when
the real mommy is here and when the real
mommy is not here then she really wants
to step in and and and do that so I
don't you know I don't really mind like
yesterday I I had her brother go
upstairs to clean his room and when he
called down and said said daddy I
finished the room
my daughter shouted up did you just
stuff everything under the blanket I'm
gonna go up there and check and I said
yeah could you go up there and check
actually it'd be easier for me if you
were just going so it's good it's nice
having to help her it's it's that's why
it's good to have a daughter around this
I don't know if I just had a bunch of
sons and we were left alone in the house
I don't know we would be we wouldn't be
able to find anything all right
anyway so um two things I want to touch
on today first of all unrelated but two
to two things I want to talk about first
of all perhaps you witnessed some of the
theatrics surrounding Cavanaugh's
confirmation this weekend if you happen
to turn on the news you would have seen
it leftists were losing their mind as
usual nothing nothing new about that as
we have seen anytime there's a mob of
people throwing a hissy fit it is almost
always a leftist mob I don't know if
you've noticed that but it is almost
always if there's a riot if there are
people screaming in the street if there
are people burning down buildings
turning over cop cars whatever it is
destruction of property then you fool
themselves it's almost always left
that's the one exception the one
exception I can think of in recent
history would be the one or two white
nationalist rallies that we've seen and
really really only just the one in there
was really the one that was big and
chaotic so that's one one exception
aside from those it's always leftist
but the one thing the one image that
kind of stands out from this past
weekend in terms of the protests
especially is the image of the people I
don't know if you saw this but there are
people literally after the coffe after
Kavanagh was officially confirmed there
are people literally clawing at the
doors of the Supreme Court it was like
something out of The Walking Dead you
had these people screaming just these
gutter all kind of unhuman sounding
demonically possessed screams while they
were clawing at the doors of the Supreme
Court I mean some of them are trying to
knock that they were running into the
door trying to knock it over doors which
by the way look to be made of stone and
probably weigh a couple tons apiece but
in their impotent rage they thought they
could break down the doors or claw them
open and to what end I'm not sure do
they think that the Supreme Court
justices actually live inside the
Supreme Court building is that what they
think do they think that that we keep
them all they're like cryogenically
frozen and then we thaw them out for
every session I think that might
actually be the case with Ruth Bader
Ginsburg but but generally these people
live in homes I don't know what even if
you could manage to claw open a stone
door I don't know what you think that
would accomplish I'm not sure but it
really is it's it's we can laugh about
it we have to laugh about it right
because number one it's hilarious but
number two what else are you gonna do
but as we're laughing we have to
recognize that this is real I mean these
are real people who are behaving this
way and this is not uncommon anymore
we've gotten to the point where we can
no longer say oh it's an aberration it's
just a few of them this is very common
at any time things don't go the way left
this want whether it's an election
Supreme Court confirmation a grand jury
you know a trial of a cop accused of
shooting somebody whatever it is
whatever news whatever item in the news
they don't like this is how they respond
every time it's not an exaggeration
and as we've watched this spectacle
unfold and we have heard leftists more
than one leftist promise to continue
with these kinds of scenes promise to
confront their opponents everywhere
including where they eat and sleep I've
seen this there you know this is not
just Maxine Waters who said something
like this this is a very common thing
now on the Left where they say well
we're gonna confront Republicans
anywhere everywhere we you know we have
to be ruthless I saw someone on Twitter
today so we're gonna be ruthless towards
them they shouldn't be allowed any
moment of peace out in public so again
this isn't these these are not this is
not a fringe thing this is now this is
now the approach and the attitude of
leftists in the mainstream but as we see
all of this I think that we as
conservatives have to decide how we're
gonna respond and in my view I know
there are some people who worry that
conservatives that it will have a
radicalizing effect on conservatives and
as we see this we're going to be
radicalized in response to their radical
behavior and I know there are some
people who worry that that will happen I
on the other hand hope that it will
happen it should have a radicalizing
effect and when I say radicalizing I
mean we should be radically opposed to
the leftist agenda and radically
committed to making sure that they do
not come into power we should be radical
about that that's what I mean by radical
I think now is a time for radicalism and
not the kind of radicalism you see on
the left where there crawl clawing at
doors and burning down buildings and
that kind of thing I'm not talking about
that where you're embarrassing yourself
in public or you're destroying property
of people who really have nothing to do
with it anyway not that kind of radical
I'm talking about being firm in our
convictions and absolutely unwilling to
compromise with these people who want
nothing more than the utter and total
and complete destruction of those they
disagree with we have no choice they
hate us and they hate everything we
stand for I think that much is clear by
now there is no centrism anymore there
is no middle ground there is no moderate
there none of that exists the gulf is
too wide I've been talking about this
for months now the Gulf is is far too
wide
and I think it's important to establish
us because there are still some people
some on the right who envision a return
to compromise and a return to civility
and decency but that's not gonna happen
when you have two sides who disagree
fundamentally about the most basic
questions of life the only way to
achieve unity is for one side or the
other or both sides to abandon their
fundamental convictions the left as we
have seen will not do that and we should
not do that either I mean look at
Cavanaugh this this is what we lose
sight of it I don't think we should lose
sight of this with Cavanaugh Cavanaugh
actually is a compromise he represents
compromise he is not nearly as far right
as some of the other options would have
been there were other people there were
people on the list like Amy Barrett for
instance who would have been far more to
the right than then Cavanaugh he's
actually he's pretty moderate he's so
moderate that it's not even guaranteed
that he would vote to overturn Roe I
think I think I mean it's at least 50/50
whether or not he would even cast that
vote if given the chance I think we can
be sure that he won't vote to strengthen
abortion protections and we can be
pretty sure that he won't vote to
restrict religious liberty any more than
it is and and so forth but would he be
in favor of something as severe as
overturning Roe that is by no means a
given so again with Kavanagh Republicans
compromised they said to the left okay
we're in power we can put in there
whoever we want to put in there but
we're gonna be fair and so we'll put in
somebody who is who was closer to the
center than he is to Scalia right that's
what they did and what how did the left
respond they took this moderate justice
and they ripped him apart and they
feasted on his innards like zombies
that's what they did nothing but
complete and total capitulation will
satisfy them that is the only thing they
want they nothing but that will satisfy
so we have to decide
are we going to completely and totally
capitulate to appease them because
that's the only way to appease them if
we're interested in appeasing them or
will we dig in and stand our ground and
refuse to give even an inch those are
only two choices there what I'm saying
is the left has if there was ever any
choice of an in-between a middle a
compromise the left has made that now
impossible they are not leaving that
option open so you have to choose one or
the other it really is black or white
and and I think that the latter should
be our choice we should dig in and stand
our ground and refuse to give an inch
and thus be radical radicalized
it's our only choices is the only choice
they left open to us it's either that or
join them in their insanity and their
moral depravity and their nihilism and
their self-centeredness and everything
else okay that's the first thing
switching gears I would be I would be
remiss if if I were not to say happy
Columbus Day today because it is
Columbus Day and this it's not really a
totally unrelated topic actually because
talking about leftist insanity part of
the the leftist insanity we have today
is where we're told that we cannot
celebrate our our our heroes we cannot
honor those who built the civilization
that we all now live in and enjoy living
in and prefer living in perfectly but we
all prefer this civilization to any
other civilization on the globe
currently or really to any other
civilization civilization that has ever
existed on the globe we all prefer this
one if we were given a time machine and
told that we can live anywhere at any
point in history I think we would all
probably choose right now which is not
to say that right now is is perfectly
wonderful and we don't have serious
problems we do but when it comes down to
it when given a choice I you know I
don't think we're gonna choose to go
anywhere else and we have our ancestors
to thank for that
pioneers explorers discoverers set
founders we have we have them to thank
for put the but the left says we cannot
thank them we have to hate them and
despise them and so they're gonna spend
today screaming about a fictional
version of history where Europeans
introduced rape pillage and slavery to
the peaceful and noble inhabitants of
the new world but of course it would it
would have been impossible for the
Europeans to introduce rape pillage and
slavery to an Indian culture where rape
pillage and slavery were totally
commonplace and had been for centuries
so you you notice something about these
self-hating white guilt ridden people
you notice that they would never suggest
that the brutality of many Indian tribes
should somehow outweigh whatever they
accomplished even their propensity for
cannibalism
we are told must be understood within
the kinda history and cultural context
yet somehow the sins of the Europeans or
the alleged sins in some cases
automatically negate what the European
explorers achieved and discovered have
you noticed that so so with with
everybody else in history with all other
cultures with all other people we have
to have good there's got to be a
historical context cultural context we
have to put it all into perspective but
when it comes to Europeans they're the
only one so we have to take we have to
take from from from their point in
history and bring them into the modern
world and judge them by modern standards
they're the only ones we do that too and
not only that we don't even it's it's
not just that we judge we're talking
about Columbus here specifically for a
minute it's not just that we judge him
by the moral standards of modern society
but even more absurd we judge him by the
by the technological standards of modern
society so that's where you get some of
the dumbest objections to Columbus
someone will say for instance but but
Columbus didn't even mean to discover
America well of course he didn't mean to
discover America he didn't know what
existed nobody did how could they know
and
doesn't matter that he didn't mean to
discover what does that mean think about
it in the future if a team of intrepid
astronauts were to set out on a manned
mission to to Europa a moon of Jupiter
and when they get there they were to
discover a different moon one that we
didn't know about and one that has
primitive microbial life on it it would
be one of the great discover maybe the
greatest scientific discovery in the
history of humankind but would we laugh
at them and say those idiots didn't even
mean to discover that moon you here look
at these morons they meant to go to your
oppa and said they found this other moon
that happens to have life on it and it
changes the course of human society but
these idiots they didn't even mean to
discover how do you you guys didn't even
know that moon was there morons is that
what we would do or would we celebrate
their enormous achievement in
achievement that was only possible
because they had the guts and the wit
and the tenacity to get into it to get
into the to the ship in the first place
and traverse that great expanse of
nothingness at great and great risk to
themselves and only upon making that
voyage were they able to make this
discovery in the first place oh but but
Columbus never set foot on North America
did you know that and I think the people
that raised these objections I think
their first point and raising the
objection is just to say hey I know this
piece of historical information did you
know this look at this historical
information that I know hey did you know
that that Columbus didn't set foot in
North America meanwhile they just they
just learned that through a facebook
meme yesterday and now they say hey did
you guys know well that's a stupid
objection to okay he never set foot on
North America so what he still
discovered the Caribbean islands plus
Central and South America is that not
enough is that really not enough do you
fault him for not discovering the entire
Western Hemisphere this idiot didn't
even discover the entire Western
Hemisphere he only discovered most of it
again going to the astronaut analogy
that that's like if we finally landed on
Mars and then you go that's lame we
didn't even land on Venus
landed on Mars what about Venus he
didn't even set foot on Venus and I
might my other favorite objection is
when somebody says well the fight the
Vikings got here first did you know that
and again this is just this is just them
showing off that they have about one
sentence worth of knowledge of this of
this period of history in fact it's it's
not even that period of history because
in fact the Vikings were exploring a
completely different and much smaller
expanse of ocean way up in the North
Atlantic they were exploring a 500 years
before a completely different area and a
much much smaller area it is not nearly
as impressive that they were able to
traverse that small sliver of ocean not
nearly as impressive as as Columbus
making this many thousands of miles
journey across the Atlantic and besides
how do the achievements of the Vikings
undermine the achievements of Columbus
that's what I don't understand how do
the explorations of the Vikings 500
years earlier in any way detract from
what Columbus did why are we who who
cares it's so I mean if you want to
celebrate Leif Eriksson
I think Leif Eriksson day is coming up
is it isn't it like tomorrow I think
maybe I'm wrong about that but if you
want to celebrate Leif Erikson celebrate
Leif Eriksson great I'll celebrate them
with you why do we have to they're not
mutually exclusive is it's not like you
have to choose one ancient Explorer to
celebrate and then all the others we
have to say are idiots in comparison but
that's not the way this works someone
today on Twitter someone said someone
said well you know big deal that the
Chinese and the Polynesians they were
explorers too you know okay so what they
explored the Pacific Columbus explored
the Atlantic how do any of these groups
detract from the others
it's like if somebody were to cure
cancer and then you go
yeah well Jonas Salk developed the polio
vaccine in 1955 okay great
that that's one great achievement here's
another one they're both great
but of course the biggest objection the
most common objection to Columbus is
this idea that Columbus was a was a
genocide Oh maniac who came to the new
world hoping to pillage and enslave a
peaceful people and it's true of course
that some of the Indians he encountered
were peaceful but we have obviously
taken this image of the peaceful Indian
and we have stretched it and turned it
into this really ridiculous caricature
because they were not all peaceful it
and and in fact peace did not rain
across the new world it was a it was a
violent violent place also bear in mind
that there was a tribe called the
Caribes and they rained terror on the
region where Columbus landed these were
these were violent people who feasted on
human flesh and Columbus you know he
would have heard stories about them on
his first voyage and then he actually
encountered them on a second and in fact
let me let me briefly read just just for
just for historical edification here
here's a brief passage about the
discovery or or a run-in with these with
these Caribes this is from Admiral of
the Admiral of the ocean sea by Samuel
Eliot Maurice Morrison which is which is
a great great book by the way this is
someone who not only wrote a book about
Columbus's voyages but he actually
retraced those steps and made the same
voyages in an effort to better
understand what Columbus achieved so
it's a really wonderful book but anyway
this is what it says the searching party
found plentiful evidence of these
unpleasant Carib habits which were
responsible for a new word cannibal in
European languages in the huts deserted
by the Warriors who ungallant Lee fled
they found large cuts and joints of
human flesh shin bones set aside to make
arrows
of captain catalyzed Arawak boy captives
who are being fattened for the griddle
and girl captives who were mainly used
to produce babies which the Caribes
regarded as a particularly toothsome
morsel the search party brought in about
20 of these captives and others made
their way down to the shore and gave
themselves up voluntarily also a few
Caribes were captured by force okay so
you have the Caribes eating not only
eating children but raping other
children to produce babies who that it
would then eat all right this is a kind
of thing that would go on among some
tribes in the new world now you may hear
you may hear from apologists that well
there's no archaeological evidence that
the Caribes were cannibals you may hear
that but first of all it would be
difficult it would be somewhat difficult
to find archaeological evidence of this
kind of activity 500 years later but we
do have evidence we have eyewitness
testimony we have eyewitness accounts of
these sorts of things not just from the
Spanish but from other Indian tribes who
were victimized by the Caribes so that
is evidence there's very good evidence
I think it's evidence that is conclusive
also keep something else in mind up
until very recently up until very
recently archaeologists and historians
at least modern archaeologists and
historians they said they speculated
that the Spanish also fabricated or
greatly exaggerated the extent of human
sacrifice among the Aztecs and and the
Aztecs as as we know based on what we
were told from the witnesses the Aztecs
sacrificed tens of thousands of human
beings in these McCobb rituals where
they would tear out the beating heart
roll the cut off the limbs were all the
limo's bodies down the steps and then
the limbs will be would be feasted on by
by some of the Aztec high priests anyway
for a long time we were told that no the
Spanish they invented that they
fabricated they exaggerated well very
recently like in the last Cup
of years archaeologists finally turned
up evidence of wide-scale human
sacrifices among the Aztecs they they
uncovered these racks of hundreds of
human skulls that clearly is is evidence
of exactly what the Spanish said so just
bear that when you're told oh well
archeological evidence doesn't support
ya up up until like a couple years ago
they said the same thing about the
Aztecs turns out that the Spanish we're
not just making this stuff up this is
actually what happened and they were
telling us about it but the fact that we
have to deal with when when talking
about this clash of civilizations is
that rape slavery mass murder etc all of
these things were already a normal part
of life in the Americas before the
Europeans came this was a brutal time it
was brutal across the globe for everyone
everyone played basically by the same
brutal rules you went in search of new
lands and when you found the new land
you fought for it that's the way it
worked across the globe for everybody
that's how Europeans operated that's how
the Indians operated that's how everyone
operated the world was settled and
civilized this way we may not like it it
may make our tummy hurts to think about
it we may look back on that now and say
oh they were so they they were barbaric
and maybe they were in comparison to us
in some ways but that's the way it
worked
now that doesn't excuse any one
particular atrocity but it does put
everything into perspective and I think
when we talk about Columbus Columbus
very often it seems like we divorce him
from his context and we hold him to a
standard that nobody else from his time
period is held to and that just doesn't
seem fair to me it doesn't seem fair
that Columbus is the one single person
or the Europeans in general are the
people who we hold to this to this
ridiculous standard now we know it's
it's true that Columbus was a very
flawed man but his flaws were mostly the
flaws shared by all men of all cultures
during that time
and he was also a great and gifted man
and his greatness and his gifts were not
shared by all men that's what his flaws
there was nothing there was nothing
unique or especially different about his
flaws but in terms of his gifts and what
he achieved that was unique and that was
different it took this one particular
man to do what he did which is to sail
across these unknown waters to this
unknown place and begin the process that
would eventually result in the
establishment of the greatest
civilization the world has ever known
and again I remind you it is a
civilization that we all live in and we
would prefer this civilization over any
other and I think he deserves to be
celebrated for that if you ask me he
deserves to be celebrated for that and
if we're going to say no we can't
celebrate him for that we have to hate
him we have to tear down his statues we
have to spit on his memory because of
the bad things that he did that just
bear in mind that we have to do the same
thing to pretty much anyone else who
lived for almost the entirety of human
civilization up until very recently
including certainly including the the
the heroes of Native American tribes
because these were also largely brutal
people who played by brutal rules and
when the Europeans came and they did
practice slavery for instance which
again doesn't justify but the Indians
they weren't surprised by that because
that's what they did to each other that
they didn't this well this is just how
the world works
if you get you get into a fight with
another neighboring tribe or
civilization and you lose they're gonna
take you slaves this was not it was not
anything wasn't new to them they weren't
shocked by this in fact there are you
know when you read about Cortes and his
clash with the Aztecs you'll read that
in some cases the the only thing that
really shocked the Indians is it's not
that that Cortes would take prisoners or
slaves it's how humanely those prisoners
were treated keep in mind these were
people who are used to how the Aztecs
operate which is when when they took you
as a prisoner they would fatten you up
and and rip your heart out and then eat
you so that's what they were used to
for for how four how slaves and
prisoners were treated so admittedly it
wasn't a very high bar for the Spanish
to get over but they did get over that
bar at least so we have to look at them
in their historical context and then and
judge them based on that like where was
the bar set back in that period of time
and did they get over the bar or did
they fall under it or do they basically
meet the bar that I think is the
question we should ask ourselves and I
think we're gonna find for the most part
they at the very least were par you know
they very least at the very least they
were at the bar and I think in many
cases they got over it so happy Columbus
Day everyone let's celebrate this great
man and his a great achievement
achievement that we all whether we like
to admit it or not are very thankful for
today Godspeed
you
