but first I just wanna go quickly around
the room what do we think of this speech
give us a quick grade one or two lines
of commentary would you think Ben um I
mean b-plus the only reason it's not
nays because we've just so long
otherwise I thought that it was quite
good I thought that whoever wrote his
speech did a really good job I thought
that he delivered it well they're the
big story of the night of course is that
Democrats Mike Pence secretly sneaked
around to all the Democrats eat put
superglue on the seat because they would
not get up for anything the national
anthem for war Hoover for war stories
for like for anything for chance of USA
they would not get up because they've
determined that they are the anti-trump
party they have no actual principles or
anything they stand for they just don't
like Trump's because like Hillary
Clinton they think they're going to run
a hundred percent anti Trump obviously
the big moment of the night comes near
the end we'll see how many people
actually saw with the North Korean
refugee who holds up his crutches near
the end which is a dramatic flourish for
sure and the in again I think that he
did a very good job of using you of
doing a tick that I think that Obama did
early on well and later lost which was
use unitl unity lines and forced the
other side to take the non unity side so
they say things like protects Americans
from crime and Democrats would sit right
when you say unifying things and the
Democrats still won't do anything that's
the art of politics that it was really
well done tonight and this this round of
good headlines I expect to last let's
see at seven we'll be back in the news
cycle yeah everybody you know I
basically agree with that I would give
him an A+ for the first thirty minutes
after that I don't think anybody was
listening yeah you know but but I
thought you have to give him credit for
the strategy of the speech the speech
was put together which maybe Steven
Miller whoever wrote the speech the
speech was designed to call out the
Democrats on on major things not just
what Ben said but also their
unwillingness to compromise on the
immigration
policy because he was offering them
stuff that his base hates he was
offering them basically citizenship from
millions of illegal immigrants in in
return for security at the border and
there clearly were not going to go for
it I also thought the final moments of
the speech were sensational if anybody
was still around when you think back to
Obama the notion that the people of this
country are the source of it's not just
a strength but also of its legitimacy
that that that had been lost for eight
years with Obama he he really always
looked down upon the people of this
country he said himself like I would
like to just get the experts in a room
and solve all your problems
Trump looks to us to solve the problems
that is the American Way I don't know if
anybody was listening to that poor ation
at the end but it was it was absolutely
that was excellent and I just thought
the strategy of the speech was great it
did go along and I just 20 minutes long
his speech and I think people it you
can't you can't do that you can't do
that I mean Trump should know that
better than anybody considering he's 140
character guy yeah like if you'd coming
out do it if you did that's true 280 now
if he'd come out and give him a
20-minute speech he would never stop
being elected anything I am very pleased
with Trump's performance of a time now
you know I will say I'm very pleased
with his performance I'm very pleased
with the writing I'm much more pleased
with the Democrats performance they sat
down for jobs they sat down not only for
low unemployment they sat down for blue
black unemployment yeah they sat down
for welders I mean ever since the
national anthem they sat down for the
new black unemployment look I could have
put for the flag they sat down because
they had to and what I would really
think we all should give Trump or
whoever wrote the speech or whatever
credit because he left them no choice
yet to sit for every one of those and it
is it was beautiful I agree and he he
did such a spectacular job and and they
did such a what a drone death
performance from people who are usually
pretty good at showbiz right the
Democrats have us beat there until we
elected Donald Trump that they think
that they can sit for think they even
sat for things that are typically their
issues they sat for infrastructure they
sat for paid maternity leave they
you know they said as you said they sat
for basically amnesty those who don't we
destroy it he first makes mad
