now let's talk about what this is about
FISA obviously Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act okay now this was
passed people forget this but this was
passed during the Nixon after the Nixon
administration 1978 because Nixon had
been spying using foreign intelligence
warrants to spy on radical demonstrators
within the country right it was all this
kind of in the in the 60s all the riots
all the demonstrations and Nixon had
been using spying on our own people and
they said no what you've got to go to a
FISA Court it's a secret court but you
have got to show cause to spy on
Americans we don't want the government
spying on us this is supposed to be
America right so the the thing that
everybody's talking about is did the
Obama Justice Department used this Oppo
research called the steel dossier
completely unverified information as
part of the way to get FISA warrants to
spy on the Donald Trump campaign there's
one guy Carter Paige I think his name is
one guy they're saying was a Russian spy
which it seems absurd but that that was
the excuse they were giving to spy on so
just think about this because there are
Democrats now they're Democrats now
saying you know well it may have been
only one reason if you're using the DNC
and Hillary Clinton paid for the steel
dossier it was Russian misinformation it
hasn't been verified to use that to spy
not just on me on some American guy but
to spy on an actual political opponent I
mean that is bad you know that is bad
that is a major major scandal and it is
appalling the lack of curiosity the
press is showing it's appalling I mean
if this were obviously Republican
corruption they'd be all over it but the
fact that it is this great sacred Barack
Obama who ran the government like a
Chicago machine and it's coming out now
and this is part of what's coming out
again I don't know it's in the memo I'm
not gonna tell you that it actually
shows that they did this but if I were a
reporter I would be salivating I mean I
don't care Republican or Democrat I
would think wow this is the story of my
young lifetime this is the gonna be the
big scandal that I cover in my life I
would be all over this
