in the first season of another Kingdom
Austin lively came to Hollywood straight
out of film school he'd sold his first
script and was hoping to make it big in
the movie business the pressure was on
Austin's mother and father were both
prestigious professors at UC Berkeley
where they spread the social engineering
ideas of the billionaire surged Orosco
Austin's brother Richard was a
best-selling author at a Roscoe's think
tank that meant Austin and his kids
sister Riley a goofy maker of conspiracy
theory videos with a low functioning
black sheep in the family and so Austin
was eager to make good but things didn't
work out after years of failure
Austin has become a low-level part-time
reader at mythos productions one of her
Roscoe's companies his chances for
success are slipping away and he'd be
willing to sell his soul to make it in
Hollywood then one day
Austin walks through a door and finds
himself suddenly in another Kingdom here
in a magical country called Galliano
the wise Queen Olinda has only just
managed to escape with her life after a
coup depose her from the throne Austin
arrives on the bizarre scene inside a
locked room is a dead woman on the floor
and Austin is holding the bloody dagger
that killed her he's immediately
arrested thrown into a dungeon with a
ravenous ogre he slated to stand trial
and condemned to torture by the tyrant
Lord iron and his High Council
Austin seems doomed until a mutant
rodent named mod shows up and helps him
escape now and then during these
adventures Austin goes through a door
and has flashed back to Los Angeles and
what he laughingly calls reality in LA
he begins a desperate hunt for a book
that tells the story of Galliano a novel
called another Kingdom by Ella Nevermore
he hopes the book will explain what's
happening to him but he soon finds that
a pair of murderous thugs he calls
kitten face and billiard ball are also
hunting the book and worst of
all the killers are working for
surgeries go the billionaire who
practically owns Austin's family in
Galliano Austin finds himself falling in
love with Lord irons wife the lady Beth
array who is secretly working to restore
Queen Olinda to the throne and thus end
the tyrannical rule of her husband and
the evil wizard curtain who controls him
Austin and Beth are a go in search of a
talisman that will alert a Linda's
fianc√© the emperor anastasius and bring
him to her rescue but before they can
get away
Beth ray is murdered by Lord iron and
the brokenhearted Austin must go in
search of Anastasia's on his own in Los
Angeles
Austin discovers that Ella Nevermore the
author of another kingdom is also queen
Olinda she's escaped into our world to
avoid being killed by Lord iron and the
evil wizard Austin manages to defeat and
kill the kitten faced killer who is
hunting him but now he finds his sister
Riley has disappeared and all her
conspiracy videos have been taken off
the internet what's more it may be Riley
who has the book he's looking for as
season 1 ended Austin set off on a
double quest in Galliano he must bring
the talisman to the emperor anastasius
and thus bring the emperor to a Linda's
rescue in California with the killer
billiard ball on his trail he has to
find his sister Riley and the magical
book another Kingdom
