according to early numbers ratings for
the Grammys plummeted a stunning 33
percent over last year's viewership the
awful awards show lost 1/3 of its
audience and rightly so we will analyze
why Americans are tuning out and how
Aristotle warned us about Ke$ha and
Kendrick Lamar then Allie Stuckey and
ELISA Crouch joined the panel of
deplorable z' to discuss FBI director
deputy director Andrew McCabe's stepping
down after embarrassing texts emerged
suggesting that the bureaucrat may have
used the federal government to undermine
the Trump campaign the Netherlands
approving the assisted suicide of a 29
year old mentally ill woman and a new
study published by Cambridge University
Press
showing that conservative men and women
are hotter than our counterparts on the
left my panel of deplorable must have
contributed greatly to the scientific
study finally King George the third dies
on this day in history
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Noel's show
speaking before we have so much to get
to today but we do have to talk about
this first speaking of hot men and women
there are look there are a lot of cute
little conservative girlies out there
and one thing I will say in my single
days before I met this at the angel of
sweet little ELISA before we were you
know going to get married and everything
there I was I had one thing going for me
with the ladies I had only one thing
going cuz you know an actor didn't
really make much money at all I didn't
wasn't working in finance or one of
these like you know cool guy jobs or
anything I'm not exactly an Adonis I but
you know I don't think I'm an ugly guy
but I'm not like a big beefcake or
anything like that I had one thing going
for me and that would be these luscious
locks baby I have a full head of hair
thank you to both of my grandfather's
it'll have a lot of hair but for two out
of three men hair loss can begin before
the age of 35 I didn't know that I
thought it happened much much later than
that but it isn't just your dad's
problem by 35 two out of three men will
start losing their hair and hair loss is
actually easy to prevent if you get
started early so this would be keeps
keeps us a new sponsor so they help us
keep the lights on which is an important
thing but the other thing is they might
help you keep the lights off in the old
boudoir if you're if you're having a
little trouble with this so you you need
look we're in an age now appearances
really matter this is the age of selfies
you got to make sure you that you look
good
keeps is a new comfort company that
offers a simple clinically proven
affordable way to stop hair loss with
keeps it is easier than ever for guys to
keep their hair and it is really
important to keep your hair so I to tell
at clayvin this I tried to tell drew
this decades ago unfortunately keeps
wasn't around then so you know then he
became the Lord of the multiverse but
keeps offers the only two hair loss
products that are clinically proven to
keep the hair you have so you know you
watch television they say no you know
this will keep the hair you have and
you'll live forever and you know all
this promises a lot of things that are
totally not true keeps is proven to work
so it's entirely online you can sign up
in less than five minutes and it's only
10 to 35 dollars per
now guys that is nothing for keeping
your hair let me tell you I've had
nothing going for me and the old lady
department except for this one thing and
it's worked out pretty well
that is one dollar a day or less on
average and you can get your own sweet
little ELISA to fall in love with you
this is half of what you typically pay
at the pharmacy so getting started with
keeps is very easy you just answer a few
questions and you snap a few photos of
your hair a licensed doctor remotely
reviews your information and gives you
the right prescription all without ever
leaving your couch Marcia you know this
i am a millennial if something is
overpriced or i have to move at all to
do it i'm not gonna do it i don't want
to do that i'm i infused to my furniture
i do not want to go anywhere i don't
want to go to a pharmacy I don't want to
I'd want it all from my couch so within
two to three days a three months supply
of your treatment will arrive perfectly
packaged at your door and I will say
because I don't know some people art I
actually don't think it's really
anything to be embarrassed about
but some people are touchy they don't
want to seem like they're putting hair
loss treatment or whatever so keeps is
very good about this it just comes in a
regular box just a nice regular box that
comes here with keeps you can see the
product right here it's very nice it
doesn't there's not like a blaring sign
that says you need to get more hair
you're losing your hair or something
it's just perfectly a discreet packaging
if you're worried about that sort of
thing which I really wouldn't be there's
the package really nice and it comes to
your door most importantly it's very
affordable it comes directly to your
door you don't have to do anything for
it and invest in yourself you're going
to regret it twenty years down the line
if you're suffering from severe hair
loss and you haven't you could have
taken easy action for ten to thirty five
dollars a month so what you should do
right now stop hair loss today the easy
way with keeps offering customized
treatment plans without the only
clinically proven hair loss products for
about one dollar a day from the comfort
of your couch to receive your first
month of treatment for free that's a
great value go to Keep Calm cough FA Co
V Fe Fe that is ke EPS calm / cough FA
that is a free month of treatment at
keeps calm / cough FA what is a Marshall
even Marshall knows it keeps calm /fa
keeps hair today hair tomorrow and then
eventually your own sweet little Lisa
then maybe you can get your own maybe if
you're a lucky guy
so the Grammy has got destroyed in the
ratings 33 percent down on last year
which already was performing pretty
dismal e among the key 18 to 49
demographic it was awful
I watched it I'm I am the guy who
watched it or at least some of it which
which is saying something
I believe I constituted a full 50% of
the Grammys audience from last night and
I only watched parts of it because both
drew for his show and Fox and Friends
first made me covered it if one of them
had asked I would have refused because
life is too short but both of them asked
so I watched it it was horrific but it
did bring to mind some curious thoughts
on the culture first last night's
Grammys proof
Aristotle right we will explain more on
that later and Patti lupone's
performance showed that our musical
culture really has decayed it's not just
nostalgia it's not just sentimentalism
our popular music really is a worse now
so to begin let's really get started
I'll put my keeps down here to begin
whatever it is that Kendrick Lamar does
should be illegal as I'm kidding maybe
Ms ort of kidding it is not just awful
music and not great culture and it's
it's ironic actually that I'm talking
about Kendrick Lamar because I actually
kind of liked the idea of Kendrick Lamar
for the culture he's probably a positive
force he's apparently a devoted
Christian he doesn't do drugs he's
monogamous he's engaged to his longtime
girlfriend he credits all of his success
to God he said quote I got a greater
purpose God put something in my heart to
get across and that's what I'm going to
focus on using my voice as an instrument
and doing what needs to be done he made
his way out of Compton no easy task he
doesn't shoot or stab people which puts
him leagues ahead of other famous
hip-hop people like snoop diggity Doo
Dada and jay-z he did vote for Barack
Obama in 2012 because he said Mitt
Romney doesn't have a good heart I don't
like that very much that's that's
neither charitable nor true but
all-in-all the idea of this guy is
pretty good and he is among the best
that the music industry in 2018 has to
offer but his music is terrible it's
just awful that that for some people
this is their primary exposure to art
this is what they think art is that is a
tragedy for our culture here are some
lyrics from Kendricks of bizarre
apparently I guess political opening at
the Grammys quote run for your life you
couldn't understand any of this by the
way I had to google this and look them
up run your life I live a better life
I'm rolling several dice on your life I
live a better life I'm rolling several
dice on your life I live a better life
I'm rollin so you get the point here run
for your life I live a run your life ah
this is my heritage all I'm inheriting
money and power the mecca of marriages
tell me something ah you can't tell me
nothing I'd rather die than to listen to
you my DNA not for imitation your DNA is
an abomination this how it is when you
in the matrix dodging bullets reaping
what you sow and stacking up the footage
live and on the go and sleeping in a
villa sipping from a Grammy walking in
the building diamond on the ceiling
marble on the floor blah blah blah blah
sends on the way
killing is on the way won't you tell
them I got millions on the way so the
lyrics are just completely incoherent
the music isn't really even music I
would play a cliff but I think I'll
probably get flagged for internal
intellectual property so take my word
for it and then I also won't subject you
to this thing Trump's tweet to jay-z is
more musically compelling rap but we
will get to that later so Lamar talks
through whatever that was then Dave
Chappelle whom I generally like he's
generally sort of funny Chappelle comes
on stage and says quote I just wanted to
remind the audience that the only thing
more frightening than watching a black
man be honest in America is being an
honest black man in America and this is
Chappell's dick his comedy is largely
just about how awful it is to be a black
man in America Chappelle by the way it's
worth an estimated 42 million dollars
but he seems to be doing okay the shtick
however is usually funny usually last
night ya know you know it seemed like an
easy joke it wasn't terribly motivated
whatever then they kept singing or
whatever they do then bono came in for
some reason and then it was over
thankfully in Aristotle's politics
Aristotle observes quote music directly
imitates the past
or states of the soul when one listens
to music that imitates a certain passion
he becomes imbued with the same passion
if over a long time he habitually
listens to music that rouses ignoble
passions his whole character will be
shaped to an ignoble form and that's
what we're seeing here Allan bloom wrote
about this too in the closing of the
American mind and this is typically
caricatured as old fogies yelling get
off my lawn and talking about how
rock-and-roll makes the kids immoral but
he has a point
hearing is the most soul shaping sense
faith comes through hearing it's the
most important sense st. Paul writes
about this in Romans and Galatians faith
comes through hearing why is that the
first act of Abraham as portrayed in
Genesis 12 is to hear the voice of God
he hears the voice of God no burning
bush no fire no clouds it's the voice of
God because hearing implies a
relationship
seeing reading they're more solitary
they're more voyeuristic they're more
open to Distortion
the angel doesn't send the Virgin Mary a
letter as Pope Benedict the sixteenth
explains then at the time Cardinal
Ratzinger Mary hears the Holy Spirit the
word so fully that it becomes flesh in
her in the beginning was the word and
the Word was with God and the Word was
God
the creation itself is an act of speech
God says he speaks let there be light
hearing is the most important sense and
so bad music is worse than bad paintings
or bad recipes or bad movies there's
something seriously insidious about bad
and bass music so with that in mind to
enter Ke$ha Ke$ha came out and did some
ditty apparently about the me2
slacktivism this is ironic in part
because Ke$ha was like the first me to
person Ke$ha had these awful experiences
awful abuse at the hands of men and she
was kind of ignored for it
but now she gets to do her me two thing
and but only one woman won a major
Grammy Award last night so so much for
me to I guess so much for the
seriousness of me too in the music
industry
the main gag of the night featured
Hillary Clinton who just last week was
exposed for having covered up a sexual
harassment incident
on her presidential campaign not not
believing the woman not punishing the
alleged culprit now I know what you're
thinking Hillary Clinton has made a
career out of enabling sexual predators
and smearing his victims but apparently
this was a separate incident so the the
meet - times up virtue signaling slacked
of his Grammys not only feature Hillary
for some reason but they featured her
reading excerpts from a book the Michael
Wolfe fire and fury tabloid thing that
falsely portrays one of the most
powerful women in the country UN
Ambassador nikki Haley as a bimbo who is
sleeping with Donald Trump a charge for
which there is absolutely no evidence
there's none for this so a terribly
offensive charge an actual example of
some of the disrespect toward women that
these me two clowns pretend to care
about then Camila Cabello Kibeho
whatever whatever whichever whoever that
is I've never heard of her before this
experience gave a speech about why we
should give amnesty to illegal aliens at
the Music Awards the end at how we need
a national policy to abolish national
borders I don't look to pop celebrities
for my political philosophy but that is
a logical error that is hard to miss
trying to have a national policy to
abolish the legitimacy of national
policy so she said quote today in this
room full of music's dreamers we
remember that this country was built by
dreamers for dreamers chasing the
American Dream and that this is one of
the problems with all of these
euphemisms the lefty euphemisms because
her statement on its own is true America
was built by dreamers I suppose a
Christopher Columbus was a dreamer the
Pilgrims were dreamers founding fathers
were dreamers but America was not built
by illegal aliens who were born after
June 15 1981 and have continuously lived
in the United States since July 2007
half of whom don't speak English and a
quarter of whom are illiterate which is
what these so-called dreamers are
referring to a very specific group of
illegal aliens in the country that was
arbitrarily chosen to be the sympathetic
group for amnesty but America what it
wasn't built for those people either
people from bad circumstances have long
come to the United States to prosper and
improve their lot and that's wonderful
it's a good aspect of the country the
United States wasn't built on the
premise
that we shouldn't have any national
borders or or have the right to enforce
democratically enacted law decided you
know deciding who gets to come in and
when the United States wasn't built so
that we couldn't have the ability to
govern our own country in our own
immigration systems okay then you too
comes out and says blessed or the
hellhole countries I'll say hellhole you
know the word they're referring to you
know not very nice place to live that
Donald Trump said blessed or the
hellhole countries
I suppose bono here is trying to make a
theological point but of course because
he's Bono he made the opposite point
that he was trying to make our Lord and
the Sermon on the Mount says blessed are
the poor in spirit for theirs is the
kingdom of heaven those who live under
wretched conditions on earth because
their souls are better prepared for the
Kingdom or they are blessed their
blissful a camel more hardly passes
through the eye of a needle than a rich
man enters the kingdom of heaven this is
a consolation for those living in
wretched conditions on earth what it
explicitly is not is a call for the poor
to become rich people our Lord doesn't
say blessed are the poor for theirs is
the kingdom of heaven so do everything
you can possibly do to make more money
right if the hell whole countries are
blessed
it certainly doesn't follow that people
in those countries should then try to
come to the United States that would be
the exact opposite of the advice on the
Sermon on the Mount and actually that is
the point that Donald Trump was making
he said he doesn't want them to come
here so apparently Donald Trump and Bono
agree because these musicians have no
idea what they're talking about on the
politics that they spent the whole night
spouting off about then there was a
bunch more terrible music and then
Hillary Clinton showed up here she is
take one Trump won't read anything he
had a longtime fear of being poisoned
one reason why he liked to eat at
McDonald's cousin cousin of mine my
fourth cousin once-removed
Oh yikes on the one hand I do almost
feel bad for her because this is truly
humiliating to keep harping on this keep
up all of the snide comments the
self-obsession
the media appearances people say the
Donald Trump isn't dignity
Donald Trump is George Washington
compared to this woman on the other hand
I almost feel bad for the musicians they
hysterically and ignorantly harp on
politics because their art is bad that's
why they're doing it if they had good
art they would just do the art that
would suffice but their art is awful
it's not just that it's not my taste
it's not just different strokes for
different folks it's objectively bad
lyrically and musically that the saddest
moment of the night came when Broadway
veteran Patti LuPone showed up and sang
don't cry for me Argentina this is a
song written by Andrew Lloyd Webber for
the musical Evita in the 70s this isn't
the height of culture it was just your
run-of-the-mill pop music from 1976 by
today's standards it's the Brandenburg
Concerto unlike most if not all of the
performers at the Grammys Patti LuPone
is a talented musician
unlike most if not all of the performers
at the Grammys she carries herself with
grace and dignity on the stage the other
performers the other so-called musicians
possessing none of those things and so
they complain that they don't get paid
enough millions of dollars or that
they're unhappy because their preferred
politician lost an election two years
ago or some people didn't get a gold
trophy and they really wanted one and
others got the gold trophy instead it is
really pathetic and because
conservatives are always bemoaning
cultural decline that that's the
stereotype is the old guy saying in my
day things were nice and what are you
kids listening to where I wear and
usually I think that's just sentimental
it's just saccharine nonsense things
change whatever not everything new is
worse but this is worse the popular
music the Grammy artists are churning
out is worse it's worse lyrically it's
worse musically it's worth worse
technically it's worth choreographically
the performances are worse we know that
because we could compare Kendrick
Lamar's incoherent babbling and Dave
Chappelle's lame jokes like a hack
before in a dying vaudeville show with
the performance that even just a few
decades ago would have been pretty good
considered pretty good nice you know but
by the standards of today's Grammys it
is the height of art this is one of the
reasons I'm so pleased the President
Trump is eager and able to fight
cultural battles on the one hand it
makes it easier to pass some decent
public policy but also we just need to
clear this out this degraded popular
culture make way for something better we
need to clean house and government too
in our
bloated corrupt insolvent bureaucracy
and make way for something better
so jay-z calls Donald Trump a racist in
an interview on CNN Trump fires back at
jay-z in a tweet here's jay-z cuz once
you do that all of the other closet
races just run back in the hole you have
been fixed anything what you've done was
spray perfume on a trash can mm-hmm and
what you do when you do that is you know
the bugs come and you spray something
and then they come and then you create a
super bug right because you don't take
care of the problem you don't take the
trash out you just keep spraying
whatever over it to make it acceptable
and then you know as those things grow
then you create a super bug and then now
we have down which are the super bug
um super bugs it's like the new super
fly super bug and so Donald Trump fires
back he writes somebody please inform
jay-z that because of my policies black
unemployment has just been reported to
be at the lowest rate ever recorded
which is hilarious and not many people
have picked up on this Scott Adams as
usual saw it right away and he should
this is so obvious from the tweet Donald
Trump responded responded rather in the
form of a rap
somebody please inform jay-z that
because of my policies black
unemployment has just been reported to
be at the lowest rate ever recorded mic
drop
MC Donald I am wonder Mike and I've come
to say hello that is jay-z a billionaire
jay-z a billionaire claiming in the
interview that money doesn't really
matter
and then jay-z a convicted criminal who
has dealt drugs shot his brother and
stabbed a guy at a nightclub he pled
guilty to that jay-z goes on television
lip quivering because Donald Trump
allegedly said a crass word in a
closed-door meeting here is jay-z
talking about how hurtful that is every
African country is a whole country how
does that land with you as a dad yeah
that's it's like it's disappointing and
it's hurtful
it really is hurtful more so like it
everyone feels anger but after the anger
is really hurtful because like looking
down on a whole population of people and
you're so misinformed because these
places have beautiful people and have
beautiful everything
it's just like this is the leader of the
free world speaking like this they have
beautiful people because all people are
children of God they don't have
beautiful everything these places Jonah
beautiful everything in Haiti the
country is so poor in crime-ridden
there's such scant access to resources
that mothers feed their starving
children pancakes made of mud that isn't
beautiful everything it would be nice I
suppose if we could say everything is
beautiful there the way we know that
everything isn't beautiful there's they
all want to come here and we give a lot
of charity and we send missionaries to
these places to help them out and in
jzjz a guy who pled guilty to getting so
angry at a club one night that you start
stabbing a guy multiple times he is
saying oh I'm so I'm so hurt I'm so her
I'm so delicate me jay-z so delicate and
they do it because they don't like Trump
but unlike any other Republican in my
lifetime Trump fights back and things
cannot decay forever the ratings can't
fall forever the performers can't
degrade themselves into nothing forever
at some point we will reach the bottom
and then something new will come along
and the culture will improve the one
hopeful aspect of all this as I just
lost my night watching this awful award
show in 2016 we did not expect the
political Renaissance that we're seeing
now perhaps a cultural rejuvenation will
take us by surprise - and if these
Grammy ratings are any indication it
cannot be long now okay enough about the
awful fake musicians let's bring on our
panel and but before we bring on the
panel marshal you monster I know all
they want to do is see this they want it
because conservatives are hotter than
lefties but before we do that we got to
talk about a man kraits is that very
male heavy show today we're talking
about we growing our hair back and the
man crate
I love man crates I'm getting a second
man crate because they are so cool so
giving your guy a box of chocolates for
Valentine's Day I'll speak to you as a
guy I like chocolate as much as the next
guy I'm a big bone and a glutton it's
very boring we don't it doesn't do a lot
you have to surprise him with a
heart-shaped box of delicious beef jerky
the ultimate snack 4dz ACK that is sweet
little ace I hope you are listening
because I want my snack for Daisy act
for Valentine's Day
man crates is offering all of this you
know I've talked about mein crates for
months the last one I got
is the whiskey appreciation set so it
came with a cool decanter that I use
frequently with my initials engraved in
it great whiskey glasses and cool ice
holders and everything and it's got all
this great stuff in it and but it comes
in a crate it comes in a crate with a
little crowbar and if you want to get a
gift wrapped it will come wrapped up in
duct tape I think there's a video of me
opening the man crate somewhere and it
you know it probably was selectively
edit intimate you know because it looked
like I didn't get it right away but it
you know it takes a little struggle you
got to be a man you got to really do
this when you look on the help page of
the website
you say what happens if I can't open the
man crate it says try harder keep keep
trying
so they have a ton of great options they
have is the only place to find awesome
gifts that guys are 1,000% guaranteed to
love this isn't a cologne sampler this
isn't a cheesy mug man crates offered
curated gift collections for every type
of guy from the sports fanatic That's
not me to the home chef that's a little
more me to the outdoorsman definitely
not me to the guy who likes stogies
that's the new I'm getting the new cigar
lover appreciation crate as many of you
know I smoke a thousand cigars a day and
so they've got a great set for a cigar
enthusiasts they have great whiskey sets
to their classics like the NFL bar where
crate for a fresh takes on traditional
Valentine's gifts like the jerky heart
or the salami bouquet my heart is
fluttering so he will fall head over
heels when his gift arrives and he gets
to pry that wouldn't quite open with the
included crowbar they have thousands of
five-star reviews every gift comes with
a complete satisfaction guarantee
I can personally attest to it I really
love this company I think they're really
great if you don't even want to get a
gift you just want to go to kind of more
generic and get them a gift card you can
order it through man crates and it will
come in a block of cement with a hammer
and that's how you get your gift card
out it's very fun go to man crates calm
slash Knowles kayo wles just like Jay
Z's wife's last name Knowles kayo wles
for five percent off they do not offer
this discount anywhere else so if you're
gonna get it and I really think you
should hurry up on Valentine's Day get
five percent off right now at man crates
calm slash Noel's
man crates dot-com slash Knowles ok
we have alleys Stuckey with us storms
see our TVs new show alley and the daily
wires own Alesha crass alley before we
get into this doesn't your show start
today today on see our tv.com slash
alley so make sure that all of you
watching go and check that out and of
course subscribe today is also the last
day that you can use alie 20 it's a
discount code so make sure you do that
to get $20 off so you can actually
invest in a band crate and buy that for
your husband boyfriend significant other
for Valentine's Day with all the money
you saved on your subscription that is
synergy baby that is synergy okay we
have to get right into the news I do I'm
really looking forward though to seeing
the show later on so news broke this
morning that FBI deputy director Andrew
McCabe will step down although he will
remain on the FBI payroll until he's
able to resign with full benefits in
mid-march of course mccabe has been
under fire after recent texts and
documents suggest he may have been
involved in plans to use the government
to undermine president Trump's campaign
in 2016
Allie what does this mean for the
administration well I think for a long
time Judicial Watch I reported on this a
long time ago with all the conflicts of
interest of course with his wife being
funded by McAuliffe and all of that so I
think it's good for the administration
now there are some conflicting reports
whether he was actually removed or
whether he is just kind of taking his
retirement early either way I think it's
one step closer to hopefully dreaming
this wall this is one you know we've
heard about draining the swamp for so
long and then you think well there are a
lot of these bureaucrats still there
this is one example like okay we've got
a little swamp rat going down the faucet
Alicia why are we allowing him to retire
with full benefits is this a win for
Trump or does the bureaucracy win again
is he just getting to take his vacation
a little early so he actually what a lot
of people don't understand is he was set
to retire in March but apparently there
had been some hubbub and some one of the
theories out there that a friend of The
Daily wire had proposed guy Benson said
that one of the theories is potentially
that because the House Intelligence
Committee is voting to
on whether or not to release that memo
with all of these text messages and
things that were happening with the
Hillary Clinton investigation and the
Russia investigation during the 2016
election and whether or not McCabe and
others used their power within the FBI
to use illegally surveilled Trump and
members of his team that maybe that's
why he's being forced out right now well
we'll see how that vote goes and what
that memo actually does show and and if
that house intelligence queenie decides
to vote on that so what it means for the
White House is there's gonna be scrutiny
here it means that people are gonna say
okay is this another Mueller type thing
where Trump forced him out Sarah
Huckabee Sanders in her press conference
earlier with White House pool reporters
said absolutely not the White House was
not a part of this decision that it came
within you know the leaders of the FBI
so it's kind of weird though he's taking
a quote-unquote terminal vacation and
and it's that just that name sounds
creepy to me but that's right it means
that he will be on the payroll he'll be
taking an unused vacation time between
now and when his official retirement
date was up in March you know it's funny
because Ben keeps offering me a terminal
vacation and I've never really known
what he's meant by that I'll have to
investigate the case of McCabe that I
wonder especially if the White House
really did have nothing to do with this
is this just bureaucrats protecting
their own he could get in hot water if
this memo comes out and so he struck a
deal to retire early and this way he
doesn't lose his pension I I hope it's
not that but certainly could be and it's
in the nature of government to do those
sort of things the Netherlands speaking
of terminal vacations this is a little
bit of a downer but it gets to a really
important bioethical issue the
Netherlands has approved the assisted
suicide of a 29 year old mentally ill
woman on Saturday this is in keeping
with long trends in Europe especially in
the Netherlands especially in Belgium
the euphemism lefties used for this
practice is euthanasia meaning the good
death Ally the victim says she suffered
from terrible demons she begged to die
she wanted to die is there any
justification for government sanctioned
assisted suicide well there's there's
kind of a conundrum here as well if she
is mentally ill why are we taking her
word for it she shouldn't be the one to
determine whether and
she should die or should undergo
assisted suicide if she is truly
mentally ill she needs help
so you see kind of the conundrum in the
quandary that someone is in once you put
yourself in the place of God and that's
going to continue to be the case people
are determining whether or not their
life or someone else's life is worth
living based on a subjective standard of
what the world deems worthy or not and
you have to carry that to the enth
degree you have to ask yourself okay if
someone is very poor
should they be killed or should they be
assisted to commit suicide if someone
doesn't have a high IQ if someone can't
read very well if he's not very athletic
and then of course you see the very the
very obvious parallel to Nazi Germany
and I'm not trying to make that leap to
say okay you know it's just a slippery
slope everyone I don't agree with this
Hitler but then quite literally is what
was happening in Nazi Germany so the
fact that we are trying to justify it or
cover it up with euphemisms as you said
I think really shows us exactly the
direction that we're going and the value
that we have on the sanctity of life
which is extremely low unfortunately not
everything is comparable to the Nazi
regime but this is this is one of the
examples when you're killing off people
that you deem enfeebled or weak or less
than perfect that I think the comparison
is absolutely fair and of course when
you follow it to its logical conclusion
this means that anybody whose life is
less than perfect has just cause to say
I want to end it all and the trouble is
all of our lives are less than perfect
oh I'm sorry going how ironic that you
know at last night's Grammys or we hear
from the mouths of people like Nancy
Pelosi and Chuck Schumer that it is
their Christian duty to do to think of
the least of these when it comes to the
$800,000 recipients but they don't think
of the least of these when it comes to
sex you know decision abortions or
abortions that the decisions that people
make if they discover that they're going
to have mentally handicapped a disabled
child you know Democrats get your mum on
that and that's totally okay with them
it just goes to show that the left and
specifically these socialized nations
don't really care about the least of
these even though they claim to
forty-year-old illegal aliens those are
dreamers those are the least of these we
have to take care of but
babies in the womb and the mentally ill
who are chronically depressed those
though that's okay we can get rid of
those people at least do you think this
could ever take hold in the United
States a movement toward a greater
assisted suicide
unfortunately yes I wrote a piece a
couple of weeks ago about an assisted
suicide person that was against it a JJ
and a guy from upstate New York
incredible story lived three years
passed when doctors told him that he
should have used assisted suicide ended
up having another son creating more life
even in after he'd gotten his death
sentence at the same type of brain
cancer that Vice President Biden's son
Beau died of and we've seen we've seen
the media reports people like him didn't
get coverage but Britney Maynard who was
a Californian who moved to Oregon and
ended up ending her life via assisted
suicide who had the same type of
glaucoma and cancer was lauded by the
New York Times LA Times Washington Post
even People magazine and I think Marie
Claire and so you are seeing this kind
of death with dignity or like you said
that use the phrase you should use in
Asia they don't even want to use the
wording of what it is it's suicide and
and I think that unfortunately this
culture of death we see it with babies
in the womb when it comes to the left
and now they're looking into and they
have this love affair for some reason
with assisted suicide and people
choosing to die with dignity
and it's it's quite frankly really scary
and really disturbing and it's legal now
here in the state of California whenever
you hear that's exactly right whenever
you hear these euphemisms Death with
Dignity the more ridiculous the more you
should pay attention dreamers euthanasia
the good the good death you exactly in
direct proportion to how absurd the
euphemism is you can be sure that the
thing that it's trying to get around and
it's trying to describe around is awful
and you should run away from it the one
bit of Hope I have here is obviously for
terminally ill people people who are on
their last legs doctors throughout the
United States for ever and ever have
increased the medicine a little bit
turned up the drugs have in a more
subtle way let people die this does not
mean there's a federal regime of
assisted suicide this does not mean
there's a right to assisted suicide this
does not mean they're councils to turn
whose life is worth saving and whose
life is worth ending because they're a
drain on the system or something like
that it is really awful at all times the
one bit of hope is that the pro-life
movement has been so successful in the
United States even as the entire rest of
the Western world has lost its mind on
abortion the United States has become
much more pro-life according to a 2016
Marist survey national survey on the
actual questions of abortion not on what
do you call yourself pro-life or you
call yourself pro-choice and the actual
question 52% of women the majority of
women think that abortion should be
illegal in 99% of cases so with those
numbers I am somewhat hopeful that that
culture of death won't catch on as it
has in Europe but you know I try always
try to see the leftist here's tumblr
half full of kff a rather than
completely empty well it shows that the
Democratic Party is really out of touch
they work so hard to really adhere to
and focus on those women that marched
and that are really passionate this very
small group of women that are very
passionate because studies also show the
majority of Millennials I think over 70%
of them think that abortion should be
restricted to just the first trimester
and you know this week you have the 20
week abortion ban coming up in the
Senate and you have Democratic senators
like Kirsten Gillibrand from New York
and Kamala Harris from right here in
California that are just you know
clumped and so upset and it is the worst
thing in the world that how dare Mitch
McConnell bring up this legislation to
end abortion federally at 20 weeks but
they won't acknowledge that the polling
is against them so I kind of wonder and
would ask those women which women are
they really representing when the
majority of women do not agree with them
I think they're on the wrong side of
history to borrow one of their MP
slogans okay we have got to talk about
how conservatives are hotter than
lefties with our all-beautiful panel
horrible but I'm sorry folks you know I
had to say bad for last if you are on
Facebook and YouTube thanks for watching
but see you later you got to go to daily
wired.com if you already subscribe thank
you very much you keep the lights on you
keep khofifah in my left is tears tumblr
that means a lot if you want to
subscribe it's ten bucks a month or 100
dollars for an annual membership what do
you get you get me you get the inter
claimant show you get the Ben Shapiro
show you get the conversation Oh
goodbye Alicia I think I am up next on
the conversation yep so you can ask
questions and anybody can watch but few
can ask questions many are called but
few are chosen and you'll get to see the
rest of the show we've got a great
disdain history today
forget all of those things none of that
really matters right
this this is what matters last night
you're lucky if you didn't watch those
Grammys
I watched them and my apartment flooded
to the brim with leftist tears I was it
was like being in the bottom part of the
Titanic I was gasping for breath at the
top until I pulled out my handy dandy
leftist tears tumblr the only vessel
that is 100% guaranteed to store safely
your leftist ears and I was able to save
my life sweet little Elise's life my
friends my family my property don't
don't you dare let this let this go
don't risk your family's lives get the
leftist here's tumblr you can have them
a hot or cold always salty and delicious
get it at daily wire calm right now
we'll be right back
scientists in a new study published by
Cambridge University Press have
discovered that hot people tend to be
right-wing the researchers right quote
controlling for socioeconomic status we
find that more attractive individuals
are more likely to report higher levels
of political efficacy identify as
conservative and identify as a
Republican
Allie Stuckey Alicia Kraus I rest my
case
ladies ladies are you surprised by this
Allie no we actually hear all the time I
think especially since Trump took office
because he's had such he surrounds
himself it seems like with
attractiveness surrounds him I guess and
there was actually an article not too
long ago that dissected the women's
faces who support Trump I was in this
article it compared I said Bogut Romney
and Kellyanne Conway all these people
apparently we have the same facial
symmetry or something like that and then
I was going to make the argument it's
because conservatives are just so much
happier than man-hating feminists and
it's our hearts that are actually making
us more beautiful because we're just
happier and nicer within tommy'll aaron
so that is the wrench in that theory
Alicia I actually do want to talk about
Ali's point lefties are they were so
angry about everything I had the same
thought I would like to think that it's
because you know we're good on the
inside that's what I tell my four and a
half year old daughter who is really
beautiful but I tell her she has to be
sweet and beautiful on the inside as
well and that that's what people are
attracted to in us and then they listen
to our ideas and then they're like wow
those ideas we make way more sense than
what MSNBC is spewing but who knows I
mean I think maybe when we are appealing
to women fellow women that those two
things are a factor but let's be honest
when we're dealing with dudes it's all
about the outward appearance but well
we're absolutely of course it goes
without saying but that's what I want to
know which way does it go
you know lefties could be sipping a mai
tai on a float in Turks and Caicos and
they would find something to complain
about is it which way does it go do more
contented people just tend to be
conservative or are conservatives more
likely to be contented is this a chicken
or an egg kind of thing I may be the
latter I think it's definitely the
latter but you know an interesting
observation is someone here in LA you
know that thatis owed of the office
where Ryan talks about how Pam is like a
Scranton 7 but in New York 5 yeah
everyone's like a 12 compared to the
rest of the country I myself think I'm
like an Oklahoma 7 who knows but there's
this element of like if you look at the
mainstream media if you look at last
night's Grammys if you look at the
Oscars that are coming up in a couple of
weeks
everyone in Middle America will think oh
my god all the coolest hottest people
must be leftist because that's what
they're seeing all the time I think we
need to like blast this study you know
far and wide so they understand that
it's okay to come to the dark side
people on the right are pretty - it's
okay don't worry it's fine we've got all
the hotties you just don't see them on
your TVs okay ladies well thank you for
being here this was very nice to see you
finally in our last few minutes we're
gonna get to this day in history alley
best of luck on the show today I look
forward to watching Alesha I'll see you
like outside my studio in like ten
minutes okay okay
see you guys now it's time for this day
in history this day in history on this
day in history in 1820 King George the
3rd died
you will remember King George the 3rd
from when we whooped his greatest
military force in the world during the
Revolutionary War in one a country for
ourselves because of this unhappy
connection Americans sometimes take a
glib and dismissive view of George the
third his 4000 pound statue in downtown
Manhattan became the first casualty in
America's increasing obsession with
toppling monuments the mob did have a
good reason in that case though after
the Declaration of Independence was read
for the first time publicly in New York
on July 9 1776 a group of future
soldiers stormed downtown to melt the
statue for bullets that's fair enough
that's a that's a decent use by the
outbreak of the war George the 3rd had
not even received the Declaration of
Independence on the question of various
burdens to pay for the French and Indian
War like the stamp tax George the 3rd
was generally
more sympathetic than his government to
the colonists concerns the tax burdens
on the colonists were far lower than
those imposed on Georgia's subjects in
Britain indeed they were the lowest in
the Western world the taxes imposed on
the American colonists George was
generally fairly Universalist in his
charity of one of the complaints
actually that our founding fathers
listed in the Declaration of
Independence is that the King had
defended the rights of quote merciless
Indian savages he was too nice to the
Indians after the Revolutionary War King
George the third was very frank about
this you know that this is a guy who had
a great character and reputation in in
Britain he I believe he was shockingly
loyal and faithful to his wife he may
have been the only royal ever in history
to be faithful to his wife this was a
guy of good classical education good
morality and after the war he said quote
I will be very frank with you I was the
last to consent to the separation but
the separation having been made and
having become inevitable I had always
said as I say now that I would be the
first to meet the friendship of the
United States as an independent power he
didn't want to lose the Americas in the
United States but having lost them he
meant him them as gentlemen and a
separate independent powers when
Benjamin West George's royal court
painter and a good old Pennsylvania boy
told King George the third
that George Washington would step down
as leader of the United States after two
terms
George responded if he does that he will
be the greatest man in the world so
while we find ourselves battling the
statue toddlers who want to tear down
and erase our history all of the great
men who built our country perhaps we
should be an example and take an even
broader and more charitable view and
give even former foes like George the
third there do so r.i.p George the third
a good good king we had our differences
we fought a war over it and now he's a
good guy we should look back on him with
some dignity okay that's our show
I am Michael Knowles's the Michael
Noel's show come back tomorrow we'll do
it all again
the Michael Nolt show is produced by
marshal Benson executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey
supervising producer Mathis Glover our
technical producer is austin stevens
edited by alex Zingaro audio is mixed by
mike core amina hair and makeup is by
joshua Avera the michael knowles show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
