there's a movie out now the post by
Steven Spielberg and I tell you upfront
that I have not seen this movie and I'm
not criticizing it but I as I understand
it it is the Washington Post's struggle
to print the Pentagon Papers against the
Nixon administration's attempt to stop
them and it makes Nixon the evil doer
and people still think that Nixon was
responsible for the Vietnam War but the
Pentagon Papers showed what the Pentagon
Papers showed was that John F Kennedy
and Lyndon Johnson had lied to people
consistently about how how much
involvement we had in the Vietnam War
and it really was JFK and LBJ who got us
into the war and Nixon who stopped it it
was Nixon who stopped the war who ended
the war and so when you have John Kerry
you go all this is Nixon's war they're
just lying and they lie in their movies
because they know that this kid at NYU
is gonna sit up one night late at night
and is gonna see the post and that's all
he or she is ever going to know about
what happened in history and we don't do
it we think we can come in at the last
minute and explain to everybody and
point to charts and tell them the facts
but they've already got jay-z's music in
their head they've already got Steven
Spielberg's movie on their screen
they've already got these leftist
professors teaching these kids that a
speech has been terrible when a speech
hasn't even taken place yet you know it
does ultimately we win we win these
battles but ultimately the war is fought
in the culture and I know I say this all
the time I know I hammer at home but I
hammer at home because it really does
matter and one day it comes back and it
bites you and you wind up with a
president like Barack Obama you sit
there and say how good we have a
president who hates our country well
that because they created Obama in our
schools in our movies in you know our
news media before he existed as a real
human being so when people saw him they
didn't really see him they saw an image
of who he was supposed to be who he was
pretending to be
