so Hillary Clinton is back and she is
worse than ever she's obnoxious she
disliked she's she is smug she's
arrogant she's yeah
so they have her on last night and what
do they do and they have her read for
the audiobook of fire and fury so let's
just be clear about fire and fury we've
discussed this for weeks
fire and fury is Donald Trump fanfic
okay Donald it is it is the twilight of
leftist orgasmic dreams
it's Donald Trump wandering around the
West Wing like a crazy buffoon eating
chicken wings and making his own bed and
it's Donald Trump supposedly having an
affair with nikki Haley which we'll get
to in one second and Hillary Clinton is
reading from this fictionalized book and
then we're supposed to believe her when
she says things like fake news we're
supposed to believe these people are the
real keepers of the truth when they
tried out Hillary Clinton who can't
the thing about Hillary Clinton it must
be tough for Hillary Clinton to a
certain extent because you know there's
only if you ever watch a vampire move
you ever watch a horror movie and
there's always somebody who's wandering
around who's 2,000 years old and they're
like just let me die and no one will let
them die that's Hillary Clinton they
just keep exhuming her and then sending
her out to talk about politics and put
her face in public again maybe she runs
again in 2020 just as a revenge play but
if she does Trump swamps her because the
fact is she's de deeply unpopular
politician she's more unpopular every
single day which is almost impossible
but somehow she has achieved this
magnificent feat so last night at the
Grammys they trot her out again to read
from fire and fury this fanfic about
Trump and this was supposed to be the
big laugh said one he had a longtime
fear of being poisoned one reason why he
that's it we've got it best alone you
think so oh yeah
the grannies in the back in the back
because Hilary's reading you get it from
a book that's anti-trump I hope that
trump spends the entire State of the
Union address tomorrow reading Juanita
Broderick's autobiography the entire
time
