the New York Times a former newspaper
says President Trump once thought of
firing special counsel robert muller but
didn't also mike pence once considered
looking at a porn site but thought
better of it and Mitch McConnell had a
momentary urge to punch Chuck Schumer in
the nose but then decided that would be
wrong
The Times quoted unnamed sources and
visible friends and an occasional
imaginary playmate to report the Trump
imagine firing Muller when Muller's
investigation into Trump's imaginary
collusion with Russia's imaginary
hacking of the election came too close
to producing an imaginary indictment
according to Times editor blithering
prevarication the third quote sure
things are going well for America in
reality but in our imagination things
are a disaster and isn't that what
really matters unquote
The Times report about something that
didn't actually happen but might have
happened if the world bore any
resemblance to what's written in the New
York Times is pretty much in keeping
with the left-wing PlayBook leftist
everywhere are predicting imaginary
disasters at every turn this is an
existential threat to the survival of
human civilization the United States
this healthcare the debate on health
care is life death this is Armageddon so
now we understand why they didn't fire
the Hawaii guy who sent out a false
nuclear missile warning sending out fake
warnings of imaginary disaster is
standard leftist Operating Procedure the
guy will probably be made the head of
the DNC some of the left's disaster
claims can be disproven by careful
fact-checking strategies like looking
out the window ignoring the warnings and
seeing if everything turns out all right
and just assuming anything that George
Soros Al Gore and Nancy Pelosi say is
false and then going about your business
but maybe we should ask ourselves is
there a chance that left us all right
it's never happened before
and yet leftist panic does make sense
after all leftist ideas look great in
the imagination but make real life worse
so is capitalism and free to make real
life better
the leftist imagination begins to
crumble to dust and so for leftist this
last year has been
absolute imaginary catastrophe that's
too bad
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right another Kingdom heartthrob
Michael Knowles will be with us he's the
only person who watched the Grammys last
night.they right yeah my feeling about
the Grammys is they should just give the
awarded best crappy song with degrading
lyrics and repetitive music yeah it's so
bad I don't even know what they're
giving awards for anymore
I should I should mention just as I came
on the air there was some breaking news
which I thought was really interesting
which was Andrew McCabe is out at the
FBI and he's the guy was mentioned a
couple of times in the text messages
between struck and page but what's
interesting is that happened one day
after the head of the FBI Christopher
Rae the guy that has been appointed by
the Trump administration after he read
this secret FISA memo so he read the
FISA memo and Andrew McCabe when you can
buy so that's gonna be an interesting
story but it's happening right now so I
can't really comment on it because we
don't have any information on it yet but
we do know here are some things we know
we know that Valentine's Day is coming
and if you're like me Valentine's Day
and Halloween are completely
indistinguishable because they both are
terrifying you know you're walking down
a dark hallway and suddenly it's too
late so you want to go to 1-800 flowers
to solve the problem and keep the terror
at bay that's 1-800 flowers dot-com
because right now when you order early
you can get 12 multicolored roses for
only $19.99 that's a good deal double it
to 24 multicolored roses and it's only
$10 more and it's an unbelievable offer
from 1-800 flowers calm 12 multicolored
roses for $19.99 or double it for only
10 bucks roses from 1-800 flowers are
picked at their peak and shipped
overnight to ensure freshman freshness
and that your wife gets flowers for
Valentine's Day which is really quite
important to order a dozen multicolored
roses for $19.99 or to upgrade to 24
multicolored roses for only 10 bucks
more go to 1-800 flowers calm click the
radio icon con the radio radio icon or
the radio icone as you wish and then
enter the code Clavin and you say to
yourself okay sure
but how do you spell it it's que la VA n
at 1-800 flowers calm code Clavin you
get a dozen multicolored roses for
$19.99 or 24 for just $10 more don't
like sometimes day become what it is at
my house a source of terror and then
regret now you know so much meaningless
stuff is that when meaningless stuff is
happening in the news people start to
talk about the meaningless stuff and we
go over this New York Times story about
something that didn't happen I want to
talk about something that actually
matters which is Trump was a Davos where
that all the globalists are and and you
know Trump and especially Steve Bannon
we're always talking about globalists as
if they were the evil enemy and here was
Trump out there by the globe one thing
that really really stunned me was the
video they had of Trump arriving because
all we hear all we hear from the press
is oh are no respect for us among you
know the nation's is falling oh and
Obama Obama had so much respect that's
why nobody ever did what he said but he
had so much respect for me Trump shows
up and it really it really was like a
movie star showing up on the scene the
entire place top journalists world
leaders everybody taking pictures just a
clip of him arriving that's amazing
so it really is it was stunning the kind
of you know what what gets respect is
winning winning as Trump himself would
say winning gets respect he has won for
a solid year he has done tremendously
well the economy's doing well there and
he has pushed aside all these little
gnats in his way like the mainstream
media and Hollywood they're all screamin
and Yellin he don't care so he is the
big guy you know and they and you could
just tell I mean there's look you can
talk and talk and talk but a reaction
like that tells you everything you need
to know but the thing is the thing about
globalization it's sometimes the whole
conversation strikes me as ridiculous
because there is no argument about
whether we're going to become a global
society we already are a global society
and some people have said that the
history of the entire world the history
of mankind is the history of mankind
slowly coming together if you think
about it when we started out we were a
bunch of individual tribes some of these
tribes probably didn't know that the
other tribes even existed some of them
just had you know we had completely
different cultures we had cultures that
never interacted now today I mean it's
it's almost a cliche I can get on my
computer and contact the guy literally
on the other side of the world and send
them some meaningless emoji and having
some stupid conversation and we are we
are a global society but the question is
and you know you know who said the
Sigmund Freud said that arrows would the
life force which we frequently
experience in terms of sex but arrows is
just the life force brings us together
and he said it wants us to become one we
don't know why we don't know why that is
true and as I say a lot of people have
said this is the history of humankind
and I'm not the first person to notice
this but the question the question that
we're asking is not whether we're going
to come together into a global society
it's how we're going to come together
and I'm not the first person to notice
that there are basically three things
that unite human beings across cultures
one is money you know I go and I spend
money and we all agree that the money
you give me in Russia for you know oil
is going to be able I'm gonna be able to
spend that money in Britain
or something else and we all agree that
money brings us together and money
that's a good thing I mean markets are
good things because they bring people
together people are less likely to kill
each other when they're trading but
money isn't a moral force right I mean
money I can buy Russian wheat with
American dollars but I can also pay a
hitman to kill you and if it's just a
question of money he's making money the
whole system's working great except
you're dead you know so that's not it
you know the money money has no values
it has no values another way that people
come together is imperialism and people
run imperialism down of course because
they don't let you know people don't
like being conquered they don't like the
British coming in and telling India that
they should get rid of their thuggees
you know they don't like that so much
people don't like their culture being
overrun but at the same time there is a
certain logic to imperialism especially
if it's done without arms it's done
through trade or through culture that
the country that works best tends to get
furthest there's a reason that Rome Gus
becomes an empire Greece becomes an
empire the British became an empire
there really were good systems that were
spreading to other countries and as many
Indian people said you know the British
actually did give things to their
culture that improved the culture so
imperialism of course it has it's bad
things we don't want to go and concrete
people it just seems unfair it's bloody
who wants it who needs it it leaves all
this bitterness behind but but the
spread of the best culture of the most
powerful culture of the freest culture
it can be in fact a good thing and the
third thing that brings people together
is ideas and most of the time they think
of this in terms of religion but it's
all kinds of ideas that bring people
together ideas that work and and of
course ideas can be a wonderful force
for good I think they are the most
powerful force for good our ideas good
ideas are better than bad ideas and keep
us from killing each other and so a
religion like Christianity which
features love which says that all people
are have dignity because they're made in
God's image than in loving God we love
our neighbor good idea good idea guys
you know that's there's an idea that's
spread for the first hundred years two
hundred years of its existence to spread
without arms it simply spread because of
the dedication of the people preaching
it because of
the ideas in that way it made people
feel and they cult the way they could
see Christian culture was better more
elevated than the Roman and Pagan
culture around it and it spread that way
but of course also there are bad ideas
that can spread through the sword that
can spread because people are desperate
that you know socialism is a bad idea
that spreads because people are you know
immersed in poverty and corruption you
know I think Islam is a bad idea that's
spread because it unified these Arab
tribes into one great army at this exact
moment when Rome was crumbling you know
these are bad ideas can spread too and
the thing about bad ideas and this is
I'm gonna get to the point of this and
Trump and Davos is the thing about bad
ideas they're incredibly persistent they
continue to exist and they continue to
spread just as good ideas prove
themselves and I'll explain why that
happens in just a moment but while we
are talking about Valentine's Day and
giving your wife flowers you know it
takes two to make a Valentine's Day so
girls may want to give something to
their guy as well and that's where man
crates come in if man crates is not one
of my favorite sponsors purely for their
antic sense of humor I think I you know
they just the fact that they send you
this stuff for guys you know it's kind
of what's the word they use where they
got cultured I can't remember what's
called where they choose it they
purposely choose the stuff for guys
there's a whiskey one there's a cigar
one there's an axe one but it all comes
in this gigantic crate and you have to
tear it apart with an iron bar you know
so you gotta really be manly and if you
want to wrap it they wrap it in duct
tape and all this stuff man crates
dot-com you just find awesome gifts that
guys love it's not like you know a tie
or something like this curated that's
the word I'm looking for this man crate
it's in the copy itself if I only looked
in a man crates got man crates offers
curated gift collection collections for
every type of guy sports fanatic the
home chef the outdoorsman you can get
NFL barware crate the whiskey
appreciation crate which I was just
using last night that's the one I got
that really was good jerky heart or the
salami bouquet and you pride that
wouldn't create open with a crowbar
which is included thousands of five-star
reviews
every gift comes with complete
satisfaction guarantee here's what you
do you go to man crates dot-com / Clavin
for 5% off you say yes but because you
have a deep voice because you're getting
man crazy yes but how do you spell
Clavin
well it's que la vie a n man crates no
E's
there's no ease in Clavin everybody
notices that there's no ease nothing
easy about being Clavin let's go to math
grades dot-com that slash Clavin for 5%
off they don't offer a discount anywhere
else 5% off right now at man crates
dot-com / Clavin Mann crates calm /
Clavin I have really enjoyed the gift I
am actually ordered another one but I
won't talk about it until it arrived
maybe we'll do another one of those
opening videos why do bad ideas persist
bad ideas persist when good ideas
succeed and I will show you why so
Christianity and its resulting theories
like capitalism and independence and
individualism and free markets and all
the freedom that grew up out of the
blending of Christianity and classical
values it created so much success that
people started to get rich fat and lazy
right they started to forget that we are
in a struggle for survival so that when
people rushed into our country with
their bad ideas when you know Syrian
refugees and Muslim workers rushed into
our country with their bad ideas that
they were fond of they were fond of
their bad ideas because that was the
culture they knew people forgot that you
had to stand up for the ideas that had
made you rich and fat and lazy you know
you forget that you have to stand up for
the things you know the the all these
ideas are built on at our right the
other thing that happens is when
problems are solved good people go home
right so let's take let's take the
problem of black oppression in America
which was real government there was
government oppression in America there's
only one kind of a racism that the
government can get rid of government
racism governments can get rid of
government racism they can say no you
know you can't put a sign up that
doesn't let a black eye use the public
toilet you know they can say no you
can't keep black men and women from vote
you have to let them vote because
otherwise if they're not part of the
system why should they be indebted to
the system why should they actually be
devoted to the system if they can't
operate the system government can get
rid of government racism and it did and
when it does the people who say ok now
you're not stopping me I'm still gonna
bump into races from time to time still
gonna bump into a jerk who doesn't like
me because my skin is a different color
it's always gonna be some idiot quoting
some pseudo scientific genetic stuff I
can live with that the world has is
filled with different kinds of people
but as long as the government is not
standing in my way as long as there are
no laws that keep me from being who I
want to be I'm gonna go out and do my
thing that guy doesn't complain that guy
is too busy working or girl is too busy
working too busy living his or her life
rising to the top making a life for
himself and his kids and his family that
guy is not going to complain it's only
the person who basically was committed
to the struggle but not the result who
still gets self-worth from this struggle
who's gonna turn up and say well now a
now we have to go and we have to snuff
out you know every sign of racism like
which of course is impossible so you
always just have these bad ideas getting
more and more left-wing the same thing
is happening to gays right now you know
a gay guy who said look you know I want
this is Who I am
none of your business let me get married
just leave me alone let me do what I'm
gonna do he's basically one he's got
nothing to fight about anymore the only
guy is the guy who wants to hunt down
every florist who's a Christian and
doesn't want to cater his wedding that's
the guy who remains so the bad ideas the
leftist ideas the ideas were social they
just keep coming back you know there was
this thing on CNN a guy let me see if
I've got his name here and Andrew
Beverage a sociology professor he made a
slip and I always hate to bring people
up because we all make slips we all make
these but it really does tell you
something just listen to what he says
for just a minute ever since the 14th
amendment all people in the United
States have but canted women children
Slade blacks non-citizens etc but I
think the sort of the holy grail of this
from a point of view of the Republican
redistricting to try to get these people
out
because it would radically change a loss
of districts in what all across the
country so he said slaves instead of
blacks and the only reason I bring it up
is not like I said anybody can make a
mistake and he was talking about the
past and all this but that is the
mindset of the left is that these
problems never go away because if they
go away then you have to start talking
about a new idea you have to start
talking about what you're going to
create what you're going to put forward
and when has the left ever created
anything their whole philosophy is to
take from creators and spread it around
instead of encouraging each person to
find his way so tension causes life
right when the tension is gone that's
when the bad ideas move in when
everything becomes you know they always
talk about equality I always say dead
people are equal slaves are equal in a
free society people rise people fall
generations fall families fall
generations rise families rise tension
is life life is the tension between
ideas - between freedom and equality
right you can't be equal if you're free
you can't be totally free if you want
people to be equal you can't be free at
all if you want people to be equal you
have to force them to be equal the
tension between those two good things we
want people to be equally treated and we
want to be free that pushes us forward
as we make compromises all kinds of
tensions competition competition and
businesses right if we if there are two
businesses that making air conditioners
you're gonna get better air conditioners
if there's one business being Google
you're only gonna get Google and that's
it's gonna get worse and worse and worse
so that is what essentially Trump went
to Davos to say that we defend America
because the world works better when
America's standing up for itself and you
in Italy is standing up for yourself and
everybody's standing up then you have
competition and that is what he went to
say so listen to him this is him talking
at Davos making a speech at Davos about
America first I guess this is cut number
three I believe in America as president
of the United States I will always put
America first just like the leaders of
other countries should put their country
first also
but America first does not mean America
alone when the United States grows so
does the world American prosperity has
created countless jobs all around the
globe and the drive for excellence
creativity and innovation in the US has
led to important discoveries that help
people everywhere live more prosperous
and far healthier lives as the United
States pursues domestic reforms to
unleash jobs and growth we are also
working to reform the international
trading system so that it promotes
broadly shared prosperity and rewards to
those who play by the rules
so Trump knows that each person standing
up for himself and fighting in a
peaceful market-based way creates more
competition the right knows we
conservatives know that when everybody
gets to speak and argue and discuss
ideas get better only the left wants
competition to end socialism ends
competition they want to shut down every
speaker at a university they want to
censor us they want the news the news
when is the last time CNN hired somebody
who voted for Trump to to work in their
place making decisions about what goes
on the air or the New York Times or ABC
or CBS or NBC they only want they do not
want they want the death the death of
unity' the death of unity instead of the
progress in life of tension let us
listen to George Soros at Davos his
reaction to Trump it's like the ravine
of this guy whose toys have been taken
away from him George Soros is a guy by
the way who does everything he can to
protect his own money he only thinks
that you should share your money and he
does so listen let's listen to his
reaction to Donald Trump cut number 6
the goals of my foundations as defending
open societies from their enemies making
governments accountable and fostering
the critical world of thinking but the
situation has deteriorated not only the
survival of open society but the
survival of our entire civilization is
at stake
the rise of leaders such as Kim Jung
Geun in North Korea and Donald Trump in
in the United States have much to do
with this both seem to be willing to
risk a nuclear war in order to keep
themselves in power Donald Trump and kim
jeong runa the same guy - this guy the
same person he said over the rise of
duck what about Donald Trump is like Kim
Jong I mean what about him you know the
haircut you know I didn't they they both
have funny haircuts is that is that it I
mean I can't I cannot think of this and
then he says he goes on to say that in
this like really childish way if you
just picture him like jumping up and
down at his dyno he's like 112 years old
so he can't do that but he's if you just
picture him jumping up and down talking
about Trump is finished cut number eight
clearly I consider the Trump
administration a danger to the world but
I regarded as a purely temporary
phenomenon that will disappear in 2020
or even sooner
I give President Trump credit for
motivating his core supporters
brilliantly but for every core supporter
he has treated a click he has created a
greater number of core opponents who are
equally strongly motivated that's why I
expect a Democratic landslide in 2018
maybe so maybe so but we will see and
what I really do think is what these
guys want is a different kind of unity a
unity of mind a unity of of one of no
competition of a one marketplace where
everything is flowing back and forth and
nobody has to compete because why would
you compete if you didn't believe in
your nation
why would nations compete if their
nations don't exist if there are no
borders
he's always talking about an open
society meaning really meaning no
borders if people can flow in we don't
have a country why would we defend our
country who would compete with whom
tension and competition and free
expression and individuality are where
the life and progress of the world of
the human world come from not from unity
not from conformity not from silence
that's all the left ever that's all they
ever promote in every single thing that
they do and George Soros is one of their
chief the chief proponents of that kind
of unity because he thinks he's gonna be
in charge of it I think that's why which
brings me to dollarshaveclub.com
now you may say what's the connection I
I have no idea I just I have to do the
ad plus I love doing this ad because
this is something I have been using for
years I was using but years before they
became the sponsor I have now developed
this complex system it's absolutely true
you know I really like their executive
razor because it has lots and lots of
blades on it and it really I mean it
really gives me a good shave and I have
all this real estate to shave so it's a
big big deal but but I also on the
weekends I don't shave that much and I
think that's kind of a waste of money to
pay for this big shape you know more
expensive shaver so I switch off every
month you know you all you have to do is
really easy what they do is every month
they send you a new set of blades and
there are other stuff they have all this
other stuff like hair gel and body
cleanser and they have shaved butter I
love the shave butter that's like it's
like clear shaving cream so you can
actually see through it that's really
good
they have all kinds of things and they
send this to you every month as you as
you tell them what to send and what I do
is every month I go and unchange it I
say one month I want the executive
blades and one month I want the regular
double blades and then I use them my
intersperse them I have a very complex
shaving life
I have a very deep shaving like it's an
important part of my life and that's why
I use a shave club.com and this is a
great time to start in at Dollar Shave
Club or to give it as a gift you can get
your first month of their best razor the
executive which you will love along with
travel sized versions of shave butter
body cleanser and all their other stuff
and it's just five bucks just starting
out you can start out with a starter
pack of five bucks and after that the
replacement cartridges ship for just a
few bucks each month
it's the DSC starter set get yours for
just five dollars exclusively at Dollar
Shave Club comm slash Clavin and I know
this is my audience many of them are
saying I forgot that spell David because
I don't get a premier audience I mean
you yeah I mean look at yourself I mean
I'm not telling you anything you don't
know it's que la fille KN de joder shave
club comm slash Clavin
dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin they
will give you for just five bucks their
best razor plus all their accessories
that are really cool I love them we are
going to break in a moment but before we
do I should remind you that tomorrow is
the State of the Union and you know it's
actually the first State of the Union I
keep saying that his first State of the
Union was great but act that wasn't his
official State of the Union that was
just addressing the joint houses of
Congress but Tuesday January 30th our
president will speak to the nation in
his second State of the Union address
Ruth Bader Ginsberg will not be there
because she falls asleep during these
things it's embarrassing but we will the
daily wire will be there not just for
the speech itself but starting at 8:00
p.m. Eastern 5:00 p.m. Pacific we will
hang out smoke cigars drink heavily and
say insulting things about every person
who deserves our respect but doesn't get
it will even answer your questions ask
away on any of our platforms and our
lovely and talented Alicia Krauss will
send us your questions and you will get
your answers live on the air you can
catch the live streams at daily wire.com
daily wire facebook or daily wire
youtube and you'll be spending the
evening with ben knowles and me and even
the god-king of the daily wire jeremy
boring and if you think it was easy to
get him we had to burn incense and
incense let me tell you was plenty
annoyed we'll also be joined by a
special guest at various points in the
evening so stay tuned to find out who
will drop by that's tomorrow Tuesday
January 30th 8:00 p.m. Eastern 5:00 p.m.
Pacific follow us on Facebook and
YouTube and get notified when we go live
so we can spend every unforgettable
moment and even the forgettable moments
together it's a party you don't want to
miss the State of the Union all right we
got Michael Knowles coming up but we got
to say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
come on over to the daily wire.com you
can listen to the show but oooo if you
had only subscribed you could have
watched the entire show right there it's
a lousy ten bucks a month for 10 lousy
bucks a year you get you get the whole
year and you get the leftist tears mug
which continually magically fills up
whenever every Knowles walks into the
building when he walks into the building
to left his tears tumblr just fills
right up stay with us alright so so the
Grammys were last night
and I have to say I've never watched
that I've talked about the fact that I
don't watch the Oscars anymore because
the movies don't really mean anything
anymore but I never watched the Grammys
now I should quote let me let me see if
I can very quickly find this quote and
here's here's why these award ceremonies
are so ridiculous Plato said in the
Republic let me see if I can find it
here it is he said in I'm sorry Plato
said in the apology he had Socrates say
not by wisdom two poets write poetry but
by a sort of genius and inspiration
they are like diviners or soothsayers
who say many fine things but do not
understand the meaning of what they say
the poet's appeared to me to be much the
same I further observed that upon the
strength of their poetry they believed
themselves to be the wisest of men and
other things in which they were not wise
so when you turn on the Grammys you are
listening to people who think they're
wise because they got to write a song
but they're not so that's why it's
completely uninteresting to me but I
forced Knowles to watch it and so we'll
find out it well it may have been the
only person watching last night here the
ratings were in there completely in the
tank no so what do we have he was even
there does he exist is Michael Knowles a
real person or is he just something that
we talk about sometimes is the concept
how could you
I sucked oh and I really stink even I
felt guilty I mean I kept saying but
it's Knowles this is what he's here for
you are right hi I did constitute half
of the audience and I only watched some
of it by the way I didn't even watch the
old it was impossible to watch the whole
thing the ratings are down 33 percent
over last year really they lost a third
of their audience and by the way they're
saying that last year the ratings were
decent yeah that isn't really true they
had ticked up a little bit from the
previous year but in the crucial
demographic 18 to 49
they still performed pretty poorly last
year they lost a third this year of
their total audience I know you can't
know this but just any guess is that the
music of the politics yes there is you
know is I forget where CS Lewis writes
this but he talks about how a culture
that is only talking about politics that
is obsessed in every way with politics
is sick and you need to talk about
politics if you're sick otherwise it
would be like ignoring an illness if
you're physically ill you know you have
to do it but you can't forget that the
only reason you're talking about
politics is so you can talk about other
things your cultural things beautiful
things the reason we get up in the
morning and live this world and these
people have totally lost any sense of
that and I do think it's a little bit of
the chicken and the egg the music is so
awful and upgraded that the awards show
becomes awful integrated and then this
is about politics so this is about
politics
all of these people the Plato quote was
excellent they're also empty-headed
but it even the awards show I can't
emphasize it I know that nobody in the
audience watched it because I saw the
Nielsen ratings yeah I can't possibly
underscore enough how the entire thing
was just politics and it wasn't even
good political jokes at one point they
had opened up with Kendrick Lamar who
put some words together in a way that
apparently constituted sentences but I
couldn't divine any of it and then it
was interrupted by Dave Chappelle who
made this lame joke about how it's hard
to be black in America
but it wasn't even a fully-formed joke
it was just that everything about it was
so lazy and then the most egregious part
of it the laziest part of it is it
culminated in an appearance from Hillary
Clinton rapper Hillary Clinton the
rapper Hillary a DJ MC Hillary my cousin
let's just can we just show that clip do
we have it
he had a longtime fear of being poisoned
one reason why he liked to eat at
McDonald's that's Hillary reading from
fire and fury that tabloid book by my
kids by the way nothing's gonna
entertain the audiences quite like
Hillary Clinton right that's during for
it's so I mean also I don't even think
their audiences like Hillary Clinton
they were all Bernie people in the
audience though so it was really really
sad and pathetic also so it almost made
me feel bad for Hillary because she's
just so desperate for attention
desperate for it I know her and the
Chardonnay is getting to her I mean I
heard her cursing on the air the you
know talking about that they the witches
as will say if you hear in all this
she's hitting the white wine a little R
oh yeah and when it's not giving her you
know causing her to fall down into her
limousine or whatever but Donald Trump
our president gets in into a scrap with
jay-z now I'm not gonna say the Trump is
like the greatest political genius of
all time but jay-z I mean his lyrics are
just like they're horrible they're I
mean they just they just reduce people
to dirt basically I mean they call black
people you know racial slurs they call
women everything that what is he
pronouncing on where does he get the
authority to pronounce on it well it's
funny because I began complaining about
Kendrick Lamar but at least he's kind of
a Christian is getting married he's he's
doesn't do drugs pulled himself up from
Compton there is something nice about
the idea of him even if he is awful
culture jay-z jay-z the nicest thing I
think he's ever said about women is that
he's got 99 problems but a bitch ain't
one
complementing wins like thanks thanks so
much jay-z and they're gonna get up and
give speeches I mean they're gonna get
up and give speeches about treating
women with respect and me too and I mean
they are me too basic they are me too
ironically they only give one major
Grammy to a woman that was beautiful but
on a jay-z point yeah this is it's
become cliche to say this is why we
elected Trump this is why we like to
Trump but this is why we have to trump
we elected him because he's the first
Republican in my lifetime who can fight
cultural battles and win cultural baths
so here is just a little bit of jay-z
talking on the Van Jones CNN program
once you do that all of the other closet
races just run back in the hole you have
been fixed anything what you've done was
spray perfume on a trash can mm-hmm and
what you do when you do that is you know
the bugs come and you spray something
and then they come and then you create a
super bug right because you don't take
care of the problem you don't take the
trash out you just keep spraying
whatever over it to make it acceptable
and then you know as those things grow
then you create a super bug and then now
we have Donald Trump the super bug
Donald Trump the system so it's so
shocking a popular entertainer called a
Republican races I know you've never
seen that before now Trump struck back
though Trump strikes back and he did it
in the Trumpy astray he sent out this
tweet he said would somebody please
inform jay-z that my policies have black
unemployment you know at the lowest if
you have just been reported at the
lowest level ever recorded and it was a
rat it was clearly intentionally a rat
because he look I can publish blank
books all the good day long I will never
be half the troll that man he is one of
the great trolls of all time in but I'm
I'm very pleased that he is fighting
back with these people
yeah because jay-z in that interview he
said that money isn't everything black
unemployment that doesn't matter money
isn't everything
yeah jay-z with his wife my fellow
Knowles Beyonce is worth over a billion
dollars very easy room to say all money
doesn't matter money you know but you
know the thing about it is is that like
Trump isn't even talking about that he's
talking about
jobs he's talking about the very source
of of people's dignity in their sense of
themselves in the world he's not talking
about whether black people have a
billion dollars he's talking whether
they have a job how can you say that
you know Montel Williams is that the
name of the guy in the talk show he
tweeted out the same thing what good is
it if Trump doesn't care who cares if he
care you know who cares if he cares I
mean if the guy has a job that means so
much more in his life and if he's not
like on welfare if he's bringing home
money to take care of his kids and all
this and the kids see him more I mean
that is an amazing thing to say that
that doesn't matter and all that matters
is whether Donald Trump speaks the right
left-wing words it's an amazingly stupid
thing to say it's really funny because
he gets almost at a good point but the
reason they're saying this now of course
is because the economy is doing too well
the homeless policy is going too well if
things were in the gutter they'd be
harping all the time on black
unemployment or whatever but they can't
give him any credit for anything good so
he says well not everything is about
money culture matters too and that's
been our point all along yes that's
right not everything is about GDP not
everything is about tax rate the culture
matters
jay-z tells the culture matters with his
hoes there was I don't know if you saw
the clip this morning there was this
really sad moment actually from the show
where Patti LuPone comes out probably
the other person watching didn't
recognize her I was the only person I
recognized her and she's saying don't
cry for me Argentina which is not the
most incredible song ever written this
is not high culture exactly but it was
quite nice and she did it very well
it was talented singer she's a good
singer and it has lyrics that you can
understand and it was this really sad
moment because I think a lot of times
we're like old fogies we say all back in
the old days the culture was good and
you say okay grandpa whatever but and it
gets saccharine and it gets sentimental
and nostalgic but this was evidence
right before us that even just 30 years
ago even in an Andrew Lloyd Webber
musical the man who brought us cats not
the great cultural genius even then the
culture was so much stronger and more
serious and sophisticated and were
watching that die out for the likes of
jay-z
and Ke$ha and whatever other incoherent
nonsense that we could see and this
coming and this coming by the way when
they talk about blacks who basically are
the foundation of American music
everything great that came out of
American music has come out of white
people and black people sort of melding
their sounds together and bringing this
this incredible sound that never existed
before out of American jazz and
Americans swing and all these things and
you know there's a prejudice about
things that are happening now so you say
well you're getting your old fashioned
if you don't like rap rap Israel things
can get worse you know things don't
always get better and I think American
music has definitely gotten worse it's
clearly gotten worse we saw the evidence
before us last night and I suppose we
should be happy that all they talk about
now is politics because it's just proof
positive if they were producing decent
art something tells me they'd be more
excited to talk about they're talking
about that they can't harp on that so
they have to rant about whatever else
they think will give them attention and
validate their own careers yeah no
question so you're gonna talk about this
more on your show I think I'm gonna
analyze a song by song point by point on
the show and basically why Aristotle is
absolutely right you covered Plato on
your show yeah I'm covering Aristotle on
mine we do all the Greeks trying to get
the Grammys completely off the air by
2019 all right well I will I owe you for
making you watch this i this was a tough
one to admit I'll see you later no thank
you you know in it it is funny that you
you criticize something a movement
that's going on in the arts and people
say well you're old fashioned but
sometimes things get worse you know
sometimes things get better I think
television has gotten ten times better
you never hear me sitting around saying
ah back in the old days we had ending
Griffith you know TV now is better than
it used to be movies are worse music is
worse the rap rap I think is an actual
shame I think it is an actual
degradation of a kind of music that
contributed so much to American culture
speaking of which we have our crappy
culture
so campus reform does these great videos
they're an organization they go on
campuses and they ask people questions
here is campus reform going on NYU one
of the better schools in the country
theoretically uh and I recognize all
these streets these are my own my home
streets but they're going on NYU and
asking students whether or not it was
true that the State of the Union speech
Trump State of the Union speech was
racist now of course we know that Trump
hasn't made his State of the Union
speech yet so he's asking them whether
the speech that he hasn't made yet was
racist some people were saying that it
was the most racist State of the Union
that's ever happened what was your
reaction to everything that was said I
didn't watch it cuz I couldn't bring
myself to watch it quiet racist at the
very least if not up there with most
resistant
Wow it's all wood already quickly
climbing the scale so the people said
today that they thought his immigration
stance and Metis out line last night was
especially hateful what do you think of
it I it's something that I wouldn't have
expected to happen in like our lifetime
it's offensive it is crazy but I'm not
shocked by it by what's you've done in
the past so pretty I I believe when I'm
hearing about his his rough nature and
the hate that he probably said you know
this is the thing we always hear these
polls of young people and what do
Millennials think and they always assume
basically that they're gonna travel in a
straight line they're not gonna change
they're not gonna learn anything and
right now
Millennials hate Donald Trump they
really think he's he's terrible because
they catch glimpses of him on TV and
he's a roughneck and he says all the
stuff and they quoted out of context but
this is this is the reason why
information and art and all you know
there's a movie out now the post by
Steven Spielberg and I tell you upfront
that I have not seen this movie and I'm
not criticizing it but I as I understand
it it is the Washington Post's struggle
to print the Pentagon Papers against the
Nixon administration's attempt to stop
them and it makes Nixon the evil doer
and people still think that Nixon was
responsible for the Vietnam War but the
Pentagon Papers showed what the Pentagon
Papers showed was that John F Kennedy
and Lyndon Johnson had lied to people
consistently about how how much
involvement we had in the Vietnam War
and it really was JFK and LBJ who got us
into the war and Nixon who stopped it
it was Nixon who stopped the war who
ended the war and so when you have John
Kerry used to go all this is Nixon's war
they're just lying and they lie in their
movies because they know that this kid
at NYU is gonna sit up one night late at
night and is gonna see the post and
that's all he or she is ever going to
know about what happened in history and
we don't do it we think we can come in
at the last minute and explain to
everybody and point to charts and tell
them the facts but they have already got
jay-z's music in their head they've
already got Steven Spielberg's movie on
their screen they've already got these
left
there's professors teaching these kids
that a speech has been terrible when a
speech hasn't even taken place yet you
know it does ultimately we win we win
these battles but ultimately the war is
fought in the culture and I know I say
this all the time I know I hammer at
home but I hammer at home because it
really does matter and one day it comes
back and it bites you and you wind up
with a president like Barack Obama you
sit there and say how do we have a
president who hates our country
well that because they created Obama in
our schools in our movies in you know
our news media before he existed as a
real human being so when people saw him
they didn't really see him they saw an
image of who he was supposed to be who
he was pretending to be all right
well back tomorrow we'll find out maybe
more about this FBI thing and talk about
that also the State of the Union is
tomorrow and Ben and Noel's and I will
be an and the god-king of The Daily wire
himself Jeremy boring will descend on a
wire that we keep at the Daily wire for
specifically that purpose so he can
descend into our conversations from time
to time that will be will be here all
day tomorrow starting with Ben me Noel's
and then the State of the Union I'll
talk to you then
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
