Hollywood gets political Trump takes out
in jay-z and we'll bring you the latest
at immigration plus I have some talking
about Federalist paper and many other
thoughts on various items and sundry and
Shapiro show
oh the Grammys where all of Hollywood
apparently wants Donald Trump reelected
really really really badly because
they're just going to shove in their
face how annoying and political they are
in every conceivable way don't worry
we'll get to every aspect of this
bloviating horror show in just a second
first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so does any
of this make you think the world is
going to end well
if the world were going to end you'd
want to have some of your money in
precious metals because it's pretty much
the only thing that'll survive in
economic apocalypse one of the nice
things about precious metals they've
never been worth zero also they are
great hedges against inflation and
uncertainty in times of risk that's why
my friends at Birch gold group have been
working with tons of people for tons of
years British coal group long-standing
record of track a track record of
continued success with thousands of
satisfied clients countless 5-star
reviews an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau and right now they will
give you a free information kit on how
you invest in precious metals this
comprehensive 16 page kit shows how gold
and silver can protect your savings how
you can legally move your IRA or 401k
out of stocks and bonds into a precious
metals IRA to get that no-cost
no-obligation kit go to
www.calculated.com/support having a
hedge against the possibility of a
downturn is always smart thing to do
birchgold.com slash pen that's
birchgold.com slash Ben for the
comprehensive information kit ask all
your questions well you have your
answers and you're ready to invest in
precious metals my friends at Birch gold
are the folks to talk to Bert school.com
/ Ben alrighty so last night the Grammys
so we're in that time of year when we
have an awards show every other week and
no one's actually watching these awards
shows so the ratings last night at the
Grammys stunk
according to Deadline Hollywood back in
New York City for the first time since
george w bush's first term and drenched
in the politics of the donald trump era
last night's Grammy Awards was rocking
with multiple wins for a very non
political Bruno Mars and a very very
political Kendrick Lamar it was a three
and a half hour long at CBS show okay
guys if it's longer then it would take
to read the Bible twice your show is too
long okay they also had an audiobook
audition cameo by Hillary Clinton as you
will see in just a second but the
ratings stunk no one wanted to watch
this why because it turns out that
watching a bunch of celebrities reward
each other and Pat each other on the
back and then ruffle each other's hair
and talk
how brave they are and how wonderful
they are is super duper irritating for
everyone involved with the 12.7 21 in
metered market ratings The Recording
Academy's big hootenanny was also
weighed down from the early numbers for
the February 13th 2017
59th annual show so that's a 20 percent
decline from last year to this year
because no one cares no one cares here's
the truth there are certain artists that
a lot of people listen to but they don't
have the same sort of broad cultural
appeal that they used to I'm talking
about even the biggest stars like
they're there like Kendrick Lamar I'm
sure there are a lot of youngsters who
like the Kendrick Lamar no one over the
age of 35 listens to Kendrick Lamar like
there's no cross-cultural appeal to a
lot of these folks there's a giant age
grit an age gap when it comes to the
artists who were being awarded last
night rewarded last night people like
Keisha singing I've never listened to a
full Keyshia song because I would rather
drive wooden spikes into my eyes okay
there's no reason to listen to it -
acacia song all the way through okay no
one ever has done so everyone who thinks
they've done so was just at a rave and
they got super high and then passed out
no one has ever listened to one of these
songs all the way through the only one
of these artists who anyone Commission's
who for any substantial period of time
is Bruno Mars which is why he won awards
right the only reason that that that he
won is because he's the only person
anyone who's ever listened to a complete
song from so there they have these
Awards last night and they decide that
it is deeply imperative that we know
what they think on politics now this is
just about as irritating as when there
are a lot of people who are big fans of
pop music and they get very irritated
read deconstruct the culture like mike
calm did a full piece on how i didn't
understand the lyrics to cardi b's song
that we analyzed last week right i said
so right like i correct right they they
they were confused and i was doing an
analysis of cardi B because I'm not a
cardi B expert yes this is true
and that's in herein lies the humor
right here in lies the humor is that I
don't know what the hell these people
are talking about but the same holds
true for all of the artists who think
that they know what they're talking
about when it comes to politics so that
means that they are just going to revert
back to their idol worship for it guess
who so Hillary Clinton is back and she
is worse than ever
she's obnoxious she disliked she's she
is smug she's arrogant she's yeah so
they have her on last night
what do they do they have her read for
the audiobook of fire and fury so let's
just be clear about fire in theory we've
discussed this for weeks fire and fury
is Donald Trump fanfic okay Donald it is
it is the twilight of leftist orgasmic
dreams it's Donald Trump wandering
around the west wing like a crazy
buffoon eating chicken wings and making
his own bed it's Donald Trump supposedly
having an affair with nikki Haley which
we'll get to in one second and Hillary
Clinton is reading from this
fictionalized book and then we're
supposed to believe her when she says
things like fake news we're supposed to
believe these people are the real
keepers of the truth when they tried out
Hillary Clinton who can't
the thing about Hillary Clinton it must
be tough for Hillary Clinton to a
certain extent because you know there's
only if you ever watch a vampire movie
you ever watch a horror movie and
there's always somebody who's wandering
around who's 2,000 years old and they're
like just let me die and no one will let
them die that's Hillary Clinton they
just keep exhuming her and then sending
her out to talk about politics and put
her face in public again maybe she runs
again in 2020 just as a revenge play but
if she does Trump swamps her because the
fact is she is they deeply unpopular
politician she's more unpopular every
single day which is almost impossible
but somehow she has achieved this
magnificent feat so last night at the
Grammys they trap her out again
to read from fire and fury this fanfic
about Trump and this was supposed to be
the big laugh said one he had a longtime
fear of being poisoned one reason why he
we've got it that's the one you think so
oh yeah the Grammys in the bag in the
back
because Hilary's reading you get it from
a book that's anti-trump I hope that
trump spends the entire State of the
Union address tomorrow reading Juanita
Broderick's autobiography the entire
time you know just alternate that with
us excerpts from Clinton cash this is so
irritating and having it shoved in your
face and look at the Cutie of James
Corden look how cute see this whole
thing is it's so cute see it's so cute
see because Hillary she's just like your
grandmother from a horror movie who
lives in the closets been dead for 20
years like they just keep bringing her
out let's point something out her by the
way they bring out Hillary Clinton talk
fire and fury cuz she's a feminist icon
right Hillary Clinton such a feminist
icon over the weekend this news broke
okay by Maggie Haberman Amy chazak
Hillary Clinton chose to shield the top
advisor accused of harassment in 2008
quote a senior adviser to Hillary
Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign
who's accused of repeatedly sexually
harassing a young subordinate was kept
on the campaign at mrs. Clinton's
request according to four people
familiar with what took place wait you
mean that a woman who is so brave so
stunning who's broken every glass
ceiling except the last one left that
that woman left a guy on her campaign
who was sexually harassing the help she
would never do anything like that she
would never stay married to such a
person she would never defend such a
person and threaten his accuser she
would never do something like that she
is a feminist icon and then you wonder
why we don't take the Democrats
seriously you wonder why we don't take
the Grammys seriously when we don't take
their politics seriously reading from
this fire and fury nonsense and mrs.
Clinton's campaign manager at the time
recommended she fired the adviser burns
strider which is a hell of a name mrs.
clinton did not instead mister strider
was docked several weeks of pay in order
to undergo counseling and the young
woman was moved to a new job just like a
man to do this just like a man except
she's a woman mr. Schreiner who's mrs.
clinton's faith advisor ah so great so
her faith advisor was sexually harassing
the help she kept him on so he could
advise her about faith yes I wonder why
the American public did not take Hillary
Clinton more seriously and I wonder why
the Hillary Clinton feminist icon shtick
just didn't work I just I can't imagine
why he sent the candidate scripture
readings every morning for months during
that campaign he was hired five years
later to lead an independent group that
supported mrs. Clinton's 2016 candidacy
correct the record
which was created by David Brock nothing
says faith advisor by the way they like
working with David Brock one of the one
of these scuzziest people in the history
of mankind he was fired after several
months for workplace issues including
allegations he harassed a young female
aide according to three people close to
the correct the record management
Hillary Clinton had no statements on
this a spokesman for mrs. Clinton
provided a statement said to ensure a
safe working environment the campaign
had a process to address complaints of
misconduct or harassment when matters
arose they were reviewed in accordance
with these policies and appropriate
action was taken this complaint was no
exception
yeah except for how the guy remained on
the campaign and the woman was was
apparently banished off to anti-feminist
land but don't worry Hillary got strayed
from fire and fury at the Grammys
because she'll never go away now nikki
Haley came out and slammed Hillary's
appearance if she said fire and fury is
is filled with ridiculous allegations
one of those allegations is really just
a rumor that Michael Woolf had put out
there the the ridiculous author when
that allegation was essentially that
that nikki Haley was having an affair
with Trump which is completely
unsubstantiated that nikki Haley tweeted
I've always loved the Grammys but to
have artists read the fire and fury book
killed it don't ruin great music with
trash some of us love music without the
politics thrown in it and everybody on
the Left would not tell Darren Dickey
Haley sound off about this so let me let
me just make something clear to all you
folks on the left with regard to the
Grammys if nikki Haley sounds off about
how a sexist book smears her as having
an affair with her boss without any
evidence and then you attack her you're
not a feminist you're not a feminist
you're a liar you're somebody who's
playing politics but that's what the
entire Grammys was and we'll have more
of that in just a second more politics
at the Grammys it really didn't stop and
it's it's all it's so insulting again
this is exactly how Trump won it's
people thinking Hollywood values
actually have any sort of predominance
in the rest of the country they do not
we'll get to the rest of this in just
second first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over a texture so in this
day and age long form journalism is
really making a difference this entire
meeti movement started because of
articles over at the new yorker there's
been great articles lately over at the
Atlantic about the the bias on college
campuses
Jordan Peterson I just read an article
in the Atlantic the other day about
Jordan Peterson my friend and professor
over in Canada he's terrific and texture
is the app that you need to actually get
descriptions to all of your favorite
magazines so with the texture app you
have unlimited
just over 200 premium magazines and you
can try texture for free
again you can try it for free and they
have unlimited access to 200 premium
magazines it is a fantastic fantastic
app not only is a fantastic app it means
that you can also get their back issues
you can get all the new information as
it breaks you have all your favorite
magazines back issues anytime anywhere
go to texture dot-com slash Bend and
when you do that you get a free trial
plus if you choose to continue my
podcast listeners get a texture app for
just $9.99 a month which is 30% off
they're listed price you're getting a
discount and again a subscription to two
of these magazines will cost you $9.99 a
month if you get 200 magazines for $9.99
a month that's a hell of a deal I mean
it is just that you're sitting at the
airport you don't have anything better
to do you pull up your text your app and
suddenly you're having information
mainlined in your brain this is just
what happens with texture texture calm
slash spending in this texture calm
slash been it's all your favorite
magazines I mean it's everything from
Architectural Digest and National
Geographic to ESPN The Magazine and
Rolling Stone Newsweek Vanity Fair time
they all of the top magazines are just
are available here and they're all great
so check it out texture calm check out
that app okay so I'm back to the Grammys
so it wasn't just Hillary Clinton at the
ground means there's also all of these
artists who feel the need to sound off
about Trump though I give a crap what
Bono
thinks about Trump's I don't give the
the number of craps that I give about
bono is is zero just to be blunt okay so
Bono in the middle of his song he's
singing I don't know what song he's
singing about oh so over-the-top I can't
I can't telephone oh so anyway Bono is
singing and he says blessed are the
bleep whole countries in the middle of
his song oh how clever he is
well-said are the bleep whole countries
because they gave us the American dream
first of all I'm so bored of you two I'm
sorry I'm just I'm so bored of them that
sound that the the reverberate egit are
and the and the Bono's singing in his
strangely muted voice I'm so bored with
it but beyond that put aside the
artistry of it that doesn't even make
any sense
listen to the bleep old countries
because they gave us America no that's
people left because they were terrible
like what you'd really want to say is
wouldn't you want those countries not to
be bad
that's like saying blessed is the
abusive hope that gave us Beethoven like
couldn't you just like be thankful for
Beethoven and not the fact that his
father used to wake him up in the middle
of the night and smack him on the
knuckles every time you made a mistake
while he was practicing hey how about
that how about that like this is that's
such a nonsensical statement blessed are
the bleep whole countries because they
gave us Americans cousin my ancestors
came here from Russia
it didn't make like not bless Russia
right the only blessing my ancestors
were saying about Russia was the same
blessing the same fiddler on the roof
god bless and keep the Tsar far far away
from us hey nobody is interested in
being in like the reason people are
leaving is because these countries
aren't great and we have it we have a
nanny the nanny is from El Salvador
okay El Salvador is having serious
problems right now I'm super grateful
for a nanny she's a wonderful wonderful
person I love her she's terrific
my wife and I we are so grateful for her
we're not grateful that El Salvador is
having problems right now we're not
grateful that Honduras is having
problems right now like we're not
grateful that these bleep whole
countries supposedly are having troubles
like that what but this is the whole
thing right it's slapping Trump and look
look how look how diverse he is he's so
diverse oh you too
and he's so meaningful look at look at
Bono every time they looking up to the
sky yeah I as a musician for many many
years
my favorite violinist as is every
violinist favorite violinist is Jascha
Heifetz one of the things I love about
Jascha Heifetz is that there is no
histrionics Jascha Heifetz when he plays
the violin go look at a tape of him he
is just stone-faced he just plays and
it's great one of the things I hate the
most about modern music is the modern
music is all based on energy and
histrionics it's all based on you making
faces while you sing and looking up to
the sky like bond or look at him looking
up to the sky with his red white and
blue with his red white and blue
loudspeaker by the way Bono is not
American is he does he of American
citizenship I don't know I don't think
in any case though it's just it's all
your taking then it wasn't just that
Trevor Noah of course shows up a man in
running gun battle with Samantha B for
least funny human being he shows up at
the Grammys to talk about Trump as I
mentioned Trevor Noah had invited me on
his show I said I will do it if it's
live I will not do it if it's taped
because I'm not going to allow you to
cut me up because that's what they do
they did it's Jonah Goldberg not gonna
do it with them
so here's Trevor Noah showing up the
slam Trump and here's the thing it's not
like they make these jokes about
everyone there's not a Hillary Clinton
joke to be seen last night Hillary
Clinton was making it was there to make
fun of Trump here is Trevor Noah showing
up to slam Trump I love that song man
like I love that song it takes me back
you know like way back to when Trump
wasn't presidents he's so funny it takes
him back to a troublesome president I
don't that punchline it is amazing to me
that some of these people have careers
Trevor Noah is certainly among them so
it turns out that when you alienate half
the country and when you shout about how
stupid they are and when the entire
evening is just about how much you hate
the President of the United States no
one wants to watch which is why the
ratings are down also no one listens to
this music so it wasn't just that it was
also feminism at the Grammys so everyone
at the Grammys now has to posture about
how they are for women they're all for
women by the way how many women won last
night any guesses and I guess it's one
okay so one woman which is sort of
humiliating to all of the all of the
Grammy we love women routine but the
just like at the at the Golden Globes
and at the Emmys they're gonna do this
we stand for women times up me too okay
epicenter us epicenter of sexual abuse
of women is in the musical world the
epicenter okay or the censor if you
don't want to make earthquake analogies
the center of abuse of women in the
entertainment world is the music
industry a half the people who are up
for Grammys last night have been
credibly accused of harassing women a
huge of them just just a rap community
alone right the people who are in the
rap community how many of them have been
have been indicted how many of them have
been arrested for abusing women the list
is just enormous it goes on and on and
on and yet here they all that they were
all talking about how times up we're all
standing up we're all standing up to men
who abuse women really then call up some
of the men in the audience how about
that we know they all know these guys
and then there the idea that everybody
in the audience is all for women the
number of men who have abused women in
that audience
it makes the Oscars blush it makes the
Oscars blush here's Janelle Monae
talking about time's up and every
headline last night was powerful message
about the Miche movement powerful
message about times up powerful powerful
message
listen I'm in favor of the me to
movement so long as the me to movement
is nada is about not abusing women I was
but I was about not abusing women long
before any of these other people were
about not abusing women presumably
because I've been talking about in my
entire career but not a single name was
naming last night not a single person
was called out last night so it's all
it's all just a it's all just a double
game here's your nominate talking about
time's up
we are also daughters wives mothers
sisters and human beings we call mana
peace but we mean business
into those who would dare try and
silence us we offer you two words time's
up
who's trying to silence these people I
mean this whole notion that there's a
bunch of people out there trying to
sounds you talk as much as you want it's
great you know you want to talk about
how you want to call the abusers out
let's call the abusers out you know what
else let's do let's talk about
degredation of women how about that
let's talk about men who degrade women
and women who degrade women by the way
women can also degrade women it turns
out let's talk about the fact that me
too and time's up
we're supposedly not just about abusive
women they're also about female dignity
right they're supposed to be about men
not treating women like sexual objects
and women treating themselves as as free
creatures capable of making rational
decisions right it's all about people's
autonomy and it's all about people
treating themselves with the dignity
necessary in order to lead a good life
and men treating women with the dignity
that they deserve that's what time's up
and me too are supposed to be about so
Keisha who's less and whose whose stage
name is spelled with a dollar sign which
I don't really understand it was there's
hype on her birth certificate any case
Keisha
sang at the Grammys with a bunch of
other women and again this one got a lot
of got a lot of play because it's all
about respect don't you see it's all
about dignity because nothing says
dignity quite like the top of this woman
next to her I don't know who that is but
it's all about respect and dignity again
if we're just talking here's the thing
if the meets you movement were just
about to own abused women then wear
whatever you want okay but if it's about
female dignity it was about the idea
that women are supposed to be more than
sex objects here's an idea
don't act like a sex object I'm mildly
controversial I know mildly
controversial but if you are expecting
men to look at you as more than a sex
object perhaps you should not walk
around dressed like a sex object I'm not
saying men should look at you like a sex
object no matter what you wear but life
is filled with realities that you may
not enjoy anyway hero's quiches Grammy
performance
yeah
oh so moving so moving so moving I've
been informed that this person's name is
Kesha not Keshia I do not care in the
slightest and when I talk about
histrionics this is the history onyx
again I would take all of this about
women's dignity a little bit more
seriously if Ke$ha didn't make songs
like this one
nothing says female dignity quite like
that lyric right there then I mean
really there's a place downtown where
the freaks all come around it's a hole
in the wall it's a dirty free for all
and then they turn me on when they take
it off when they take it off everybody
take it off there's a place I know if
you're looking for a show where they go
hardcore and there's glitter on the
floor yeah then I can't imagine and
people look at Ke$ha like a sex object
how I just thought no no no no that's
unbelievable no again should you treat
women with respect of course of course
should women desert a do women deserve
dignity yes but there is such a thing as
degrading yourself and when you degrade
yourself when you degrade women by
extension it's not good if a man made a
video that looked like this and Ke$ha
were not a famous person you'd be
talking about how the man who directed
this video degraded women that's what
you'd be talking about last night last
night on the Grammys Rihanna did a
performance and it was what's the name
of the guy it's the guy that you like
Jess what's the name of that dude the
one who shouts Oh DJ Khaled
okay DJ Khaled Sagitta DJ Khaled is
there and he's and he walks out and he
starts rapping and then Rihanna appears
from backstage and starts a pelvic
thrusting for like five minutes okay if
you don't believe that that's a male
fantasy then you're out of your mind of
course that's a male fantasy some guy is
there some fat ugly guy is there talking
about Oh women rapping about women and
then out comes a beautiful woman starts
pelvic thrusting yes it don't talk to me
about female dignity when you are out
when you are out there trying to draw
there so many dignified women
okay there's so many women who are
striving for dignity if you think this
is what female dignity looks like you
don't know a woman and you have no
respect for women and yes I'm talking
about women who think this is what
female dignity looks like because it's
me too is about anything it's supposed
to be about more than we don't deserve
to be raped we don't deserve to be
sexually assaulted or harassed it's also
about we deserve to be treated as
dignity as fully fleshed human beings as
full human beings not just as objects of
sex baring our all for the pleasure of
men because let's face it who do you
think is watching Kesha videos do you
think that it's all a bunch of women
empowered women watching Kesha videos or
do you think that when she's singing
about it being a dirty free-for-all it's
a bunch of guys in their basements
jacking off which do you think just
absurd
okay so we'll get to more on feminism in
just a second
first let me say thank you to our
sponsors over at stamps.com
so I mean this stuff is so ridiculous
okay so stamps calm is the place that
you need to go if you want to get a
better price on not only stamps but all
of your post-office goods it also means
you don't have to stand in line at the
post office postage rates have gone up
again stamps calm keeps your rates down
with postage discounts of up to 40% it
saves you 3 cents on every letter that
you send you're paying 2016 prices for
2018 stamps and stamps comm
automatically calculates and prints the
correct amount of postage for every
letter or package that you send all you
have to do is print it out directly on
the envelope or print it onto a sticker
or print it onto a piece of paper and
tape it onto the envelope and brings all
the services of the US Postal Service
right to your fingertips doesn't matter
how much you like going to the post
office this is more convenient stamps
calm makes it easy they'll send you a
digital scale to automatically calculate
exact post äj-- stamps calm even helps
you decide the best class of mail based
on your needs anything you can do at the
post office you can do right now from
your desk with stamps calm and we here
at the daily wire use stamps calm on a
repeated basis because again we are
ensuring that we are getting the lowest
possible price so go to stamps calm and
get a 4 week trial plus postage and the
digital scale stamps Techcon click on
the microphone at the top of the
homepage type in Shapiro that stamps
calm use promo code Shapiro so you get
the 4 week trial plus postage and a
digital scales a pretty stellar deal
stamps comm promo code Shapiro ok
speaking of feminism at the at the
Grammys the Grammy winning new artist
what's her name
the I guess Alisa Kara Alessia Cara I
don't know who any of these people are
because they're relevant to my life
except when they show up and bother me
so this is it so she was speaking out
about feminism nothing I want to hear
more about then the state of the world
from it from a 20 year old political no
nothing it's always fascinating to me
but I don't think she means anything
wrong by this so she was asked about
feminists and she says she's a feminist
right she says just because Trump is
president now I don't think it's our cue
to stop talking about it we need to
fight for more rights because of this I
don't want anyone to feel defeated first
of all I don't know which rights women
are fighting for they don't already have
women literally have every right than
men have and a couple of additionals
like you're able to go to a doctor and
have your baby killed in six months
that's exciting then she says the
definition of feminism is equality for
all genders it's not saying women are
superior
it's not anti-men it's equality for
women that word has become tainted for
many reasons and I just don't understand
it let me explain hey the reason the
word feminism has become tainted is
because there have been three waves of
feminism wave number one was good wave
number 1 said women should vote women
should be treated equally in the
workplace when women should be paid the
same for the same work women should not
be forced into societal boxes agree
fantastic then there a second wave
feminism second wave feminism said
marriage is bad marriage is stupid
and if you're engaged in marriage that
sort of Betty Ford an feminism and
you're engaged in a kitchen holocaust is
some of the language that was actually
being used at the time then there was
third wave feminism that said that women
and men are essentially the same right
there's no difference between women and
men okay so if you just said are men and
women to be treated equally of course I
agree but the problem is the word
feminism has been hijacked and now it's
meant to use everything from man-hating
nonsense to I get to kill my baby
whenever I say I want to kill my baby
and so Trump was asked about feminism in
an interview with the execrable Piers
Morgan of I will say Shapiro famous
since I blew him up on his own show um
but you know president from was asked
about feminism and Piers Morgan asks him
back here here is here's a great
cavalcade of genius President Trump with
Piers Morgan do you identify as a
feminist are you a feminist no I
wouldn't say I'm a feminist I mean I
think that would be maybe going too far
I'm for women I'm for men I'm for
everyone I think man I think people have
to go out they have to go out and really
do it and they have to win and that's
what and women are doing great and I'm
happy about that okay so here's the
problem with what Trump is saying so
Trump is saying right he's just not
clever enough so what he should have
said is if by feminist you mean should
men and women be treated equally the
answer is of course I'm a FEMINIST
if by feminism you mean in my anti
marriage am I in favor of abortion am i
in favor of the idea that women are
somehow victimized in in the United
States no then I'm not a feminist if
that's your terminology like you should
distinguish the term this is something
the left likes to do they will take a
popular term and then they will infuse
it with a meaning that has nothing to do
with that original meaning so the so
they do this with with civil rights
right they'll say that so they'll say
are you for civil rights you say yes I'm
for civil rights I believe that everyone
should have the same rights and they'll
say well are you for the idea that a man
is a man and a woman is woman you'll say
yeah
well then you're not for civil rights
and whoa how'd you get from point A to
point B now well what's this like why is
civil rights about me pretending a man
as a woman and woman's a man how did
that turn into a symbol right so they
take these these generic terms that
originally have a meaning that's non
generic and then they fill them with
another meaning and then they're shocked
when you say I'm not a feminist so by
the original definition of my feminist
yes I'm a feminist not only my feminist
when I was growing up my dad was in the
house my dad was a house husband
basically my dad stayed home and took
care of the kids and my mom was working
okay and in my house I spend an enormous
amount of time with my kids because have
you heard this it's a rumor my wife's a
doctor so she spends a lot of time out
Epis okay so that means then I'm home a
lot with my kids and that's great I want
my wife to feel fulfilled in her career
it's important to me okay so by any
definition any standard definition I'm a
feminist but am i in favor of pretending
that Caitlyn Jenner is and woman am i in
favor of being anti-feminist enough to
believe that a man can be a woman am i
in favor of the idea that a woman is a
woman and therefore can kill babies no
I'm not in favor of any of those things
I guess that makes me not a feminist so
when Trump says he's not a feminist
doesn't mean he's anti woman now I think
that's the distinction Trump's trying to
draw he just does it badly here now that
wasn't the only the only kind of
landmine Trump stepped on over the
weekend so over the weekend he got in a
fight with jay-z which is just what
America needs I think is this fight
between jay-z and the President of the
United States jay-z who is by virtually
all accounts it's amazing to me that JC
is being held up as some sort of Halcyon
of decency okay
jay-z not only started off as a drug
dealer but jay-z in the very recent past
was in serious trouble because he was
cheating on Beyonce right wasn't that
the story that was the allegation anyway
was that he was cheating on Beyonce I
think was more than an allegation
considering that Solange was basically
beating the crap out of him an elevator
if I remember this correctly but he is
he got his career started by dealing
drugs and then I believe he was nearly
convicted for stabbing a guy was that
was that the idea I don't want to get
the legal allegation wrong but he was
involved in in stay in October 2001 he
pled guilty to stabbing Lance Rivera at
the Kit Kat club in New York City in
1999 he was sentenced to three years
probation so he's a real class act is
this jay-z fellow so jay-z is being held
up as some sort of racial healer on on
Van Jones's show I like van a lot but
man's politics are utterly
insane and so here's Van Jones asking
jay-z about how the world should go he
is somebody who's now saying look I'm
growing I'm dropping black unemployment
black people are doing well under my
administration it dude does he have a
point that maybe the Democrats have been
giving us good lip service but no jobs
maybe he's gonna say terrible things
they'll put money in our pocket does
that make him a good leader no because
it's not about money at the end of the
day money is not doesn't equate to like
happiness it doesn't is that's that's
not missing the whole point okay so he's
saying that that Trump's language is
divisive I actually agree that a lot of
Trump's language is divisive I've said
so on the show I've ripped him after the
after the Charlottesville protests for
example I ripped him after the after the
bleep whole comments I suggested that
while some of that was somewhat
defensible it's really stupid and if the
Haiti comments were right then that was
actually a serious problem I said I've
been on the same page as jay-z actually
on some of this stuff but using jay-z as
sort of the model for for behavior like
who you are matters when you say this
kind of stuff so Trump of course fires
back and here's what he has to say about
jay-z he tweets the sound somebody
please inform jay-z that because of my
policies black unemployment has just
been reported to be at the lowest rate
ever recorded there is gonna be fair -
jay-z that was actually in the question
from Van Jones right Van Jones says
Trump says that the black unemployment
rates really low what do you say but
Trump is right that black Americans are
faring well economically under the under
the Trump administration it does go to
the idea by the way that not everything
that is not everything that is economic
is is the extent of the presidential
impact right I mean what we say actually
matters it's one of the reasons I
thought that Barack Obama was was
extraordinarily divisive but Van Jones
responds by saying America would be
better off if Trump were more like jay-z
and you know hip-hop is usually all
accusation and boasting he comes on
confessional and then the politicians
are all accusation 'el and boasting
Donald Trump and no confession from
Donald Trump so if you want to listen to
what jay-z says follow jay-z's model mr.
president he's Willys a strong guy he's
a rich guy but he's willing to be
confessional he's willing to grow in
public if you do the same thing America
be a lot better off yeah so jay-z is
willing to be grown and willing to grow
in public now I'm just going to show you
a picture real quick of
of a necklace that jay-z is famously
wore to a to Annette's game okay that is
the 5% necklace that is aid offshoot of
the Nation of Islam and and they say
that does the 5% that white people are
weak and wicked and that black men hold
the power of God so they're bunch of
people who came forward and said well he
didn't really mean all of that right
hidden a hidden really mean all of that
stuff what he really meant was just that
you know black men should be powerful
okay then don't wear a symbol that is
associated with the Nation of Islam it's
a I just I failed to understand can't we
have like two public figures that are
not particularly great now Trump versus
jay-z is the fight that America doesn't
need but definitely deserves I think you
know as we continue we're gonna talk
about Trump on immigration release the
memo have a lot more to get to but first
I want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at 1-800 flowers so Valentine's Day
is coming and you don't want your loved
one to be bereft you don't want your
loved one to look at you and think wow
what a garbage human being didn't even
send me flowers on Valentine's Day so
avoid that fate at 1-800 flowers right
now when you order early get 12
multicolored roses for just $19.99 or
you can double it to 24 multi colored
roses for only $10 more great offer from
1-800 flowers again 12 multi colored
roses from 1999 double it for 10 bucks
more they last longer they are better
they are fresher than the stuff that yet
at the grocery store they are picked at
1-800 flowers they pick them at their
peak and they ship overnight 2-inch
refreshment to ensure freshness and
ensure that your wife or loved one loves
them bouquet prices are gonna be going
up students to take advantage right now
pick your delivery date like 1-800
flowers handle the rest when it comes to
Valentines don't settle for anything
less than my rosary 1-800 flowers calm
so again order a dozen multi colored
roses $19.99 upgrade to 24 multi colored
roses for just 10 bucks more go to 1-800
flowers calm click on the radio icon
enter promo code Shapiro that's 1-800
flowers calm promo code Shapiro listen
you're gonna have to make it up make it
up to her you're gonna spend Super Bowl
Sunday ignoring her and she's gonna feel
terrible about everything and that's why
it is best if you don't waste time
you've gotta go right now pretty
schedule the order like before you
forget do it right now you're gonna
thank yourself when on Valentine's
anything oh god panic do I have to go
over to the local grocery store and then
you think oh no three weeks ago when
Shapiro mentioned it I went over and I
actually ordered the flowers from 1-800
flowers calm promo code Shapiro and you
get 24 multi colored roses for 10 bucks
more so for $29.99 and a dozen multi
colored roses for $19.99 so check it out
1-800 flowers
komm use promo code Shapiro so they know
that we sent you okay meanwhile Trump on
immigration so one of the things that is
that is allowing Trump to continue to
maintain to continue to get his agenda
done is the fact that the left have
completely lost their mind on every
issue so it's not enough for them to
critique President Trump in the normal
ways but have to go full on Hollywood
hysterical but they have to do all of
the nonsense that Hollywood does
everything has to be turned up to 11
so last week President Trump releases
his new immigration proposal his new
immigration proposal legalized his
status for 1.8 million illegal
immigrants in the number of illegal
immigrants covered by President Obama's
daca his deferred action for childhood
arrivals amnesty was seven hundred
thousand so Trump nearly tripled it
Trump nearly tripled it okay and in in
one second I'm gonna explain what it is
the Democrats I'm gonna explain what it
is the Democrats have have done here
because it's it's truly insane first
you're gonna have to go over to Daley
wire.com and subscribe $4.99 a month you
can get a subscription today lee weyer
calm when you do you get the rest of my
show live and replayed in the show live
Michael moles is show live you get to be
part of our mailbag on Fridays and when
you get the annual subscription you also
get this the very greatest in all
beverage vessels the leftist tears hot
or cold tumbler look how shiny oh look
how magnificent of a weight of this
thing you get that with the annual
subscription for $99 a year so you get
that for a significantly better price
than the monthly subscription check that
out also tomorrow right is tomorrow the
30th yes it is tomorrow's the 30th the
President of the United States will be
boring the nation in his second State of
the Union address I hate the State of
the Union I don't care who's speaking it
I hated it when it was Bush I hate it
when Obama watch my hate watch it burn
holes in the walls around me watch me
converse with Michael Knowles Hakata and
Andrew Klavan and Jeremy boring and
we'll be they will be smoking cigars and
I will be choking to death starting at
8:00 p.m. Eastern 5:00 p.m. Pacific
we'll be hanging out with you for the
whole time leading up to during after
the address we'll be analyzing the red
carpet we'll be seeing what they all
where will be seeing who their guests
are and then we'll be waiting for
Hillary to read from fire and fury
we'll also watch the hilarious rebuttal
from Democrats you know who's speaking
for the Democrats it's it's a brand new
face a name you've never heard before
Joe Kennedy the third that's right
somebody you've never heard from before
somebody with the last name Kennedy a
unique name in America
politics it's wonderful catch live
stream - daily wire comm daily wire
Facebook daily where YouTube spend the
evening with me
Andrew Clavin Michael Knowles and daily
wire god-king jeremy boring i expect you
to be there because for God's sake if
I'm gonna if I'm going to sacrifice my
evening to this nonsense then you'd best
be there okay I do this for you people I
pour my heart out for you people be
there we'll also be joined by some
special guests at various points in the
evening or maybe not I don't know anyway
that's that's tomorrow
January 30th 8 p.m. Eastern 5 p.m.
Pacific follow us on Facebook and
YouTube get notified when we go live so
you can spend every terrible moment
together it's a party that you will not
want to miss watch the misery written
across my face for hours at a time as we
do this show tomorrow check it out ok if
you just want to subscribe to the show
and then make sure that you go over to
SoundCloud iTunes YouTube is a good
place to subscribe we have all sorts of
new videos that are coming out if you
want to see some of the video clips that
are very funny from my appearance at
UConn then check out our YouTube channel
and subscribe over there we are the
largest fastest growing conservative
podcast in the nation
all righty so back to immigration so
president Trump's immigration plan is
much more generous much more generous
than even Barack Obama's was all he
wanted in return was an end to chain
migration after like 17 years nearly
another four million illegal immigrants
or formerly not illegal four million
legal immigrants get into the country he
also wanted an end to the diversity Visa
Lottery which is a terrible program
those are his big changes Randy wanted
25 billion dollars of funding for his
for his magnificent border wall which
apparently will be about eight hundred
miles long and that's all he wanted out
of life that's what that's really all
okay and the Democrats thought this was
the worst thing ever so Nancy Pelosi she
of the she of the botoxed braincells
she came forward and she said Trump's
immigration plan isn't just wrong it's
not just terrible it's it's racist
raised it's racist
I'm on the subject of dreamers since
last night the president put forth a
plan let me just say when I said last
night that plan is a campaign to make
America white again it's a plan that
says over 50% of the current legal
immigration will be cut back okay it's
just racism you understand racism okay
so if you think that the plan is to make
America white again by allowing 1.8
million non-white people to become legal
American immigrants and then another 4
million people who are probably not
white to get into the United States like
I'm missing how this works I'm just
missing how this works and then Bernie
Sanders comes forward and he says listen
we may not have gotten anything out of
that whole government shutdown we may
actually have backfire dramatically may
have failed pretty dramatically but it
was the right thing to do just like I
talked about socialism and nothing
happens and I come from a state where
people keep voting for me that's the
nice thing when I do the right thing
everyone gives you credit even when you
are useless you know how many pudding
cups I have in my third vacation home
many many many puddin cups of all
flavors
I prefer tapioca but if forced to choose
between chocolate and vanilla I will
always take the chocolate vanilla swirl
Bernie Sanders go um speaking of fiscal
responsibility though what do you think
your party got out of that three-day
shutdown was it
strategy yes I think from a moral
perspective it was the right thing to do
I and that is to say to these 800,000
young people we are not going to allow
them to be subjected to deportation as
Senator Collins just said many of them
came to this country when they were 2 or
3 years of age
they didn't even know that they were not
American citizens so we have got the
stand with these young people ok they're
not standing with young people they're
telling the young people that can never
become citizens ok this is really what
they are saying they're saying the young
people can never become citizens because
it's more important they play political
football with all of this
Trump hits the nail on the head so yeah
last week if you recall not to say that
I'm right about everything but about
virtually everything I'm right I was
wrong on one big thing right the
election result in 2016 but on
everything else I am right my children
know this my employees know this of
course they're paid to know this but the
fact is that when it comes to the
strategy that was being laid out a lot
of people last week we're saying look at
Trump just caving on immigration
we'll get him caving on immigration he's
he's offering this huge immigration
package he's bargaining against himself
and what I said is look Trump knows
there's no deal forthcoming so he's
doing is he's posturing he's saying look
I am willing to be this generous of the
illegal immigrants and Democrats are
still not willing to do a deal like I'm
giving away the shop and they're not
willing to do a deal which just shows
how disingenuous they are which is
correct and Trump says this out loud
this is one of the things that that is
sort of irritating that Trump I've
worked on the story for a year and then
he just tweets it out when I what I love
about President Trump is that if you if
you think that the man thinks
strategically he sometimes does but then
he tweets out his strategy so here's
what he tweeted out I have offered daca
a wonderful deal including a doubling in
the number of recipients in a 12-year
pathway to citizenship two reasons one
because the Republicans want to fix a
long time terrible problem to to show
the Democrats do not want to solve daca
only use it let's see whose logic was I
suggesting that was last week well
that's right that's exactly what I said
last week so point to me mm-hmm so I was
exactly that of course that was the
strategy Democrats were never gonna do a
deal and it does make Democrats look
ridiculous and foolish that they
continue to push forward this myth that
Trump is a giant racist he's a huge
racist and his little racism cannot be
contained as he offers a deal that is
significant
better than any of the deals that even
Obama put on the table that's pretty
astonishing now in breaking news
apparently let's see if this is true I
just have to you know one of the nice
things about doing the live show is that
when news breaks news breaks there's a
rumor going around that that Andrew
McCabe is about to step down at the FBI
I'm just going to check that really
quickly he is stepping down apparently
the NBC News is is suggesting that he
just quit as deputy FBI director he's
gonna remain on leave till spring when
he can officially retire from the bureau
the reason that he's doing that is
because he wants to maintain his
paycheck he is he's stepping down right
now the idea here is that Trump has been
attacking him as corrupt now Andy McCabe
should have stepped down from the
Hillary investigation a long time ago if
you recall in the text the reason he's
really stepping down here is because the
attacks on the Cape have elevated that's
right they should have elevated because
there are new texts that were out
between Peter struck and Lisa page those
FBI agents who were who are knocking
boots and and those texts suggested that
Andy McCabe could have recused himself
from the Hillary investigation didn't do
it earlier maybe for political reasons
and that he was involved with basically
covering for Hillary according to NBC
News he stepped down from his post
effective immediately he was reportedly
set to retire in March when he's fully
eligible for his pension he'd come under
increasing criticism from Republicans
over alleged political bias in the FBI
and investigations into whether the
Trump campaign colluded with Russia
during the 2016 election so the
Democrats will try to turn this into
Trump somehow obstructed justice here
but it's not clear to me exactly how
McKay voluntarily stepping down amounts
to that right he's not being fired he's
just stepping down but that is the
latest breaking news on Andy they came
no speaking of breaking news now the
Republicans are supposed to vote today
in the House Intelligence Committee
about releasing the memo so as you
recall the memo was written by House
Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin
Nunes and Devin Nunes wrote this four
page memo that was supposed to summarize
all of the problems with the
intelligence gathering process when it
came to president Trump and the Trump
Russia surveillance campaign and all the
rest so that memo had been classified in
order for it to be declassified as we
asked a representative what's the name
of the representative Jim Jordan we
asked representative Jordan from Ohio
last week we asked him about D class
occasionally said it's a simple house
intelligence committee vote they're
supposed to vote today to declassify
then the President of the United States
has seven days to either knock down the
declassification or to uphold the
declassification House Leader Kevin
McCarthy says it's time to release the
memo because the public has to see
everything aren't we separate but
co-equal don't we have a view don't we
have the responsibility for oversight
and you'd the Justice Department be able
to see it because you have the executive
branch and you have the legislative
branch and as the legislative branch
looks at it it will send it to the
executive branch beforehand they have
the approval whether to declassify and
put it forward so they will have the
opportunity want the president of the
committee you want the president to
declassify this memo having read this
memo I think it would be appropriate
that the public has full viewer so as I
said my view here is that we should to
classify everything right to classify
this memo the Democrats have their own
memo Declassified the underlying
materials so far as it doesn't
compromise national security
there's too much swirling around there's
too much swelling around there people
came complaining oh no there was a FISA
warrant taken out on on Carter page was
it based on the dossier
okay maybe it was based on the dossier
maybe it wasn't we'll find out when you
release the memo and when you release
all of the underlying information right
now I just have two sides yelling at
each other and that's not useful for
anything all that's happening is chaos
right there's a feeling of chaos and of
course the media wish to play up the
feeling of cast Democrats wish to
exacerbate the feeling of Kass and then
Republicans in response wish to generate
their own tornado of chaos in order to
prevent any sort of narrative from
forming that Trump was obstructing
justice on all of this so we'll bring
you all the latest on on all of this in
in just a few minutes because it's it
really is kind of insane first let's do
some things I like and some things that
I hate so time for some things I like
first thing that I like so just to
contrast music with non music the Grammy
Awards which are filled with with filled
with nonsense and yuck I want to
contrast that with the actual godly
music this would be the music of Johann
Sebastian Bach there's a good biography
about him doing a lot of musical
biographies lately I finished the the
Brahms biography that I've been reading
and it's just fantastic John Eliot
Gardner has a very good book about
baklava music in the castle of heaven
and he talks about a box life and I and
his music Bach is one of the rare
composers who actually had a relatively
happy life if you look at Beethoven
Brahms these are guys who were single
until they died never had any children
Bach had a bunch of kids including some
kids were more famous than he was in
their time Phil a Carl Philipp Emanuel
CPE Bach was a more famous composer than
Johann Sebastian actually johann
Sebastian was famous for being a great
organist but his music itself wasn't
really amply discovered until a little
bit later he became the basis for
everything there's a famous story about
Mozart that Mozart was in the middle of
writing and he actually discovered
Bach's music box music was rediscovered
after 170 years and when it was
rediscovered then Mozart actually took a
break from composing for months to study
the counterpoint in Bach if you if you
look at Bach's music it's very often
sounds when it went for example when you
listen to box
inventions his two-part inventions then
what you see in his piano music is the
use of counterpoint counterpoint is
basically two themes that are playing
simultaneously and it sounds like two
different instruments are playing
simultaneously it's it's just
brilliantly written he's also written
some of the most beautiful music that's
ever been written so well we'll have to
play some Bach this week I'll pick some
favorite pieces of mind that are about
because there really are spectacular
okay other things that I like so the one
thing at the Emmys at the Grammys rather
that were pretty great that was pretty
great joy Villa who has been a guest I
believe on Michael Moses show she showed
up last year wearing a make America
great again dress and it made all sorts
of headlines so she knows what she's
doing
so this was pretty great she showed up
at the Grammys today yesterday wearing a
white dress and then in the corner of
the dress if you can't see this in the
corner of the dress she is wearing what
looks like a fetus in the womb and then
her purse is painted on it choose life
so she's wearing a pro-life thing to the
Grammys good for her good for her you
know put aside people have other issue
the Troy Villa this good for her
that she has the guts to actually come
forward and represent a pro-life
position in the in the least pro-life
place on planet Earth last night at the
Grammy Awards okay time for a quick
thing I hate and then I'll do a
Federalist paper so quick thing that I
hate
okay so kirsten gillibrand it wants to
run for president and she tweeted out
last night she's on the view yesterday
she's gonna be the new face of the the
female candidacies inside the Democratic
Party
it'll be a giant fail if she runs she
will lose Trump will beat her I here's
what kirsten gillibrand tweeted though
she said if women made up 51% of
Congress do you think we would still be
fighting to protect a woman's right to
choose do you think the Senate would be
voting on a dangerous twenty week
abortion ban absolutely not so the idea
here is that of course identity is
politics if you're a woman you cannot be
pro-life my wife is a woman my wife is
prayer life in fact there is a poll that
was done in January according to guy
Benson
okay this is pulled unlike this month
62% of American women favor the idea of
a ban on abortion after 20 weeks making
exceptions from the life of the mother
62% so yes that vote would still be
happening as a vote last year it's had
42 percent of women support that idea if
women made up 51% of Congress sure that
vote might still be taking place because
women are fully capable of being moral
women are fully capable of realizing
that what is growing inside them is a
baby and not just a piece of garbage
Kirstin children I'm so sick of the
identity politics of the left it's just
it's mind rotting and soul the king ok
time for a quick Federalist paper so
fortunately this is a relatively short
one in Federalist 13 we've been going
through one a week and we are all the
way to 13 written by Alexander Hamilton
this one specifically talks about the
costs that are saved by a federal
government rather than three regional
governments he says if the states are
united under one government there will
be one national civil list to support
civil list is a term meaning everyone is
hired by the government if they're
divided into several Confederacy's there
will be as many different national civil
lists to be provided for and each of
them as two principal departments
coextensive with that which would be
necessary for a government of the whole
so what he's saying is if you have three
federal government you have to hire a
lot more people you have one federal
government you hire fewer people this
was true for most of the for most of the
period of the American Republic that has
not been true for the last hundred years
we now have something like 2 million
people working for the federal
government which is because the federal
government has grown and become insane
it's just a giant bureaucracy he also
predicts there are a lot of predictions
in the Federalist Papers about what
would happen if the country ever broke
apart he says a lot of people think the
country would break into three parts he
says it wouldn't it would break into two
he says he would break into two in the
case of disunion
they will most naturally leave
themselves under two governments of
course that
came true in the Civil War so the
founding fathers knew the risks of
disunion even back when they're writing
the Constitution okay we'll be back here
tomorrow with all the latest breaking
news and I'm sure there will be much I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Mathis Glover executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alec singhara audio is mixed
by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Joshua Oliveira the Ben Shapiro show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for publishing 2018
