you're not a react host of the Michael
Noel's show Michael Knowles thanks for
joining us this morning Michael you
heard in that clip there the crowd would
just go crazy when Hillary Clinton came
up on the screen reading that excerpt of
the book fire and fury what's your
reaction to that and the whole night
well nothing says entertainment quite
like Hillary Clinton right isn't that
isn't that just what the American people
want I don't know when the Hollywood
elite and when the music elite will get
the point that we do not want to hear
their political opinions the ratings in
the key 18 to 49 demographic on the
Grammys have been at several year lows
Oscars were at nine year lows last time
around the Golden Globes had low ratings
people are tuning this out there was one
high point last night when Patti LuPone
sang and it was maybe the saddest
reminder of what glamour and class used
to look like it these awards shows that
have now turned into hysterical
unentertaining political rants that the
American people very rightly are just
tuning out it's fascinating though
because I mean when you look at the
average you know the Hollywood musician
or Hollywood actor these are not really
the most I don't want to say the most
intelligent people but they're not the
most academic people you know by and
large and yet they have these really
strong opinions and we give them this
huge platform to make these big
statements most of these people really
don't know what's going on in the
country by and large they live in a bit
of a bubble out there where it's sunny
every day and they don't have to work
very much and they get to make millions
of dollars for doing you know they do
some good things but it's not that hard
of a job I would say so it's it's funny
to see how opinionated they can be
knowing all that and the big takeaway
the big takeaway from last night is now
everybody is upset that only one woman
won a Grammy and rather than going on
stage and having some class and some
gratitude and and grace and saying oh
yes it's very nice that I get to make
millions of dollars and win gold statues
for playing around and pretending all
day there you just see millionaires
instead who are complaining that they're
not making enough millions of dollars
and winning enough gold statues it's a
farce that the Reg
our old American people who work real
jobs in the real world just don't want
to pay any attention to if we're not at
least going to be entertained by it so
I'm gonna get your reaction to comments
jay-z made on Saturday on CNN let's go
ahead and listen to that and then talk
to you about it after what you've done
with spray perfume on a trash can mm-hmm
and what you do when you do that is you
know the bugs come and you spray
something and then they come and then
you create a super bug and then now we
have now chomp this super bug and then
President Trump responded to that on
Twitter of course saying quote somebody
please inform jay-z that because of my
policies black unemployment has just
been reported to be at the lowest rate
ever recorded Michael your thoughts well
I do share a last name with jay-z's wife
so we're practically family and a
president Trump here this is his
superpower President Trump is the first
Republican in my lifetime who can fight
cultural battles and win it one thing
that not a lot of people are talking
about is even Donald Trump's tweet is in
the form of a rap somebody please tell
jay-z that my policies have blackened of
it and so on and so forth and so he's
willing to engage it in a fairly troll
ish way and you heard jay-z say because
black unemployment is at historic lows
because the economy is doing so well you
can't complain about anything in public
policy so he has to say billionaire
jay-z has to say Oh money doesn't really
matter that much and then he goes on
television lip quivering this is a man
who pled guilty to stabbing someone at a
nightclub but he says Donald Trump may
have used a naughty word and it's so
disingenuous he's right about one thing
that money isn't everything economic
policies are in everything culture
matters too
politics is downstream of culture
fortunately with President Trump we get
the best of both worlds good sound
economic policy and a cultural warrior
who is willing to wage these important
battles okay so they've got this big
plan to do this people state of the
union they want to boycott the
president's State of the Union tomorrow
night at nine o'clock what do you think
Mark Ruffalo the voice of the American
people I encourage them to do it please
bring it on it's being organized by Mark
Ruffalo
who is a 9/11 conspiracy theorist who's
called on NBC to stop hiring white
conservatives bring it on some people
complain that Donald Trump is not
likable he has low approval ratings I
think President Trump could back over
the collective dog of the American
people he would still be more likable
than these out of touch Hollywood elites
all right Michael Knowles thank you very
much for joining us this morning
certainly see how the celebrity State of
view you know whatever they're calling
it plays out today thank you sir I'll be
watching
