well yeah the what Reagan's magic was
was talking about the average person of
America and putting their hopes their
fears their desires their lives at the
center of his politics he wasn't talking
about helping them by helping other
people like helping entrepreneurs or job
creators he spoke directly to them and
that's what Trump does had his best is
that when Trump was running he was
focusing on the average person who felt
that they had gotten a raw deal from
both parties over the past two decades
and he said I'm gonna bring you back I'm
the person who's understand you I'm the
person who's gonna put you at the center
of my politics and that meant that he
was the first person since Reagan to
carry areas that are dominated by that
sort of person the five states in the
Midwest that everybody but a couple of
us were shocked that he ended up
carrying because he was able to talk to
them in a way that no Republican since
Reagan had and that is a very different
the kind of Reagan mythology was that he
supported the trickle-down idea that he
was going to help the corporations and
the corporation's would help people but
that was really imposed on him that was
not the way he talked to people and he
always supported the kind of safety net
that keeps you know middle-class people
from falling into the underclasses you
always supported that right
