we've talked about this a lot yesterday
about these text that came out but
between these FBI lovers in which it
seemed clear that Loretta Lynch right
yeah blandly sinister Attorney General
Loretta Lynch that when she sat down on
the tarmac in met with Bill Clinton on
that time I came in July 2016 she
already knew she already knew that Comey
was going to clear Hillary Clinton and
it really makes it look as if that
meeting look I don't know this I'm not
saying this is a definite thing is you
know I'm not saying this is exactly
what's happening but I'm just saying
look this is what it looks like at a
glance it looks like she sat down with
him to give him the thumbs up you know
to say you know it's all gonna be fine
I can't send you an email so I'll meet
with you personally I'm gonna give you a
wink and a nod it's all gonna be fine
and this by the way by the way is it
completely out of keeping with what
Comey James Comey the former FBI
director testified when he said he said
I there was no coordination here is
Comey testifying if he did not tell
Loretta Lynch what he was gonna do and
then the capper was I'm not picking on
the the Attorney General Loretta Lynch
who I like very much but her meeting
with President Clinton on that airplane
was the capper for me and I then said
you know what the department cannot by
itself credibly end this the best chance
we have is a justice system is if I do
something I never imagined before step
away from them and tell the American
people look here's what the FBI did
here's what we found here's what we
think and that that offered us the best
chance of the American people believing
in the system that it was done in a
credible way that was a hard call for me
to make to call the Attorney General
that morning and say I'm about to do a
press conference and I'm not gonna tell
you what I'm gonna say and I said to her
hope some day you'll understand why I
think I have to do this but look I
wasn't loving this so according to the
guy who was running struck the guy who
was running the investigation Hillary
Clinton who was at the top level of that
investigation
she Oh Loren's already knew what he was
going to do which means there Comey was
out of touch or he was telling not
telling the truth
to that committee just there you know so
I mean this is it's a story
