what's going on the shoes these are
Yeezys fresh off the feet of Kanye West
I'm Cassie don't the daily wire and I'm
here at Politico on four day to board
game called deplorable it kind of looks
like monopoly
first thing is you figure out if you
want to be Democrat or a Republican the
next step is you figure out if you want
Obamacare or not
no I don't I forgot to ask if I could
keep my doctor do you think there's
going to be a blue wave at this point
all the predictions show that the
Democrats are gonna win a little bit in
the house I think that the polling is
better this year than it was in 2016 but
I don't see the Democrats picking up the
Senate after what happened 2016 I was so
sure myself and so sure what was gonna
happen that I refused to ever do that
again if everything they have with the
Cavanaugh trials people are just afraid
of what's gonna happen if the blue takes
over what's the best thing Trump done so
far his courage to sort of push back
against of the incredible malfeasance
and who are you here to see right now
then of course yes for ben shapiro is
like my hero
that's going y'all I'm actually one of
the people that disagree with them and
that's why I came here today so yes I
have and I've been trying to ask him a
question for like I am curious to know
why you continue to deny that universal
health care is an effective system in my
view the best of all available systems
would be a wild deregulation of the
healthcare system itself leading to
lowered costs higher quality and then
what's left over it can be filled in
with with relatively minimal investment
so you feel the dragon energy emanating
off of me it's like Twitter in real life
I saw Abe Lincoln you saw Abraham
Lincoln yeah they called him the great
Emancipator some called him the great
centralizer of power now what are you
doing here at Politico well I was asked
to come and introduce a panel and the
panel is going to be composed of Jeremy
boring and Alicia Kraus Andrew Clavin
and Ben Shapiro who's another one of my
heroes and Michael Knowles
right now I'm putting the final touches
on my plan to see if I can pull one over
on Ben I'm really looking for it I
really hope then signs my book I walked
up Ben was excited to see me he's like
oh my gosh it's Kathy
I give him the book he looks like he
doesn't suspect anything it looks pretty
normal right he lays it down he opens it
and he's like you know what I'm gonna
get her back
so he takes the marker and then he
signed my book and I can't wait I'm
gonna present Michael knows of this book
can we can we show that just to read it
out it says go F star stars stars a very
Cavanagh word go F yourself kasi ben
shapiro thank you so much
lota Khan has come to an end it's been
such an amazing conference I've met so
many amazing people it's been so nice
having everyone gathered together and
everyone being so civil so when we hear
that America is really divided I don't
know if that's necessarily true if
America was more like political I think
people would get along a lot better
can't wait till next year
