so Chuck Shumer the Senate Minority
Leader who's leading this filibuster
fight let's flashback all the way back
to 2013 I know we have to go back a
really long way so all five years ago
Chuck Schumer liked pretty much this
date in 2013 was going around suggesting
that anyone who shut down the government
over an ancillary issue is doing so for
their own political purposes and then
what listen what about us Democrats what
if we Democrats had shut down the
government over like illegal immigration
wouldn't people go crazy he literally
said this in 2013 persuaded my caucus to
say I'm going to shut the government
down I'm going to not pay our bills
unless I get my way it's a politics of
idiocy of confrontation of paralysis it
is see confrontation and paralysis he
actually did spell out and with another
one of these interviews now she did
spell out he said listen I could have
shut down the government over
immigration reform but I'd never do that
now it's 2018 fast forward to 2018 and
here we are it's just it is an amazing
amazing thing so who's gonna get blamed
for this right how is the political
fallout gonna play here's the truth I
don't think people care about government
shutdowns I don't think they cared in
2013 I don't think they care in 2018 I
think the press cares I think people in
Washington DC care because their
livelihood goes away nothing a bunch of
people in Washington DC who cannot
function if the government doesn't
function like listen I have a happy life
if the government starts functioning the
way that I wanted to and it stopped
being a big deal in my life I'll just
talk about other stuff I'll just talk
about the culture which I prefer to talk
about anyway I'll sit here and I'll talk
about Plato and Aristotle and Aquinas
I'll do all those things it'll be great
our listenership may not be as high but
it'll be awesome okay I'm happy to do
all of those things but if you're in
Washington DC if you are the political
press and you spend all day covering the
minutia of all the crap that our
politicians do and then the threat is
who the government is gonna shut down
we're all gonna die then this is a big
deal to you
is this a deal is a big deal some guy in
Idaho is it a big deal to you okay
here's the reality like 90% of all
government function continues during a
government shutdown you're still gonna
get your Social Security checks nothing
actually stops nothing actually said the
military continues to function right if
a government shutdown continues entirely
then at some point the the Congress can
shift funding around the Tall ready
available you know they can they can
make cuts you know I'm all in favor of
government shutdowns I really
a problem with government shutdowns the
government spends four trillion dollars
a year it seems to me that a little
shutdown wouldn't be the end of the
world
