I'm wearing a black tuxedo today because
time is up I'm so brave
I am so courageous aren't I but time
really is up for the left wing hacks and
the mainstream media and I don't mean
it's up in that they'll go away or
they'll stop being left wing hacks or
even that they'll stop influencing a lot
of people but the time when places like
the TV networks the New York Times
Washington Post etc when they could
pretend to be objective journalists
hard-hitting reporters just interested
in the facts that actually is over and
you have Donald Trump to thank for that
after weeks of waiting
last night President Trump finally
presented the highly anticipated fake
news awards for months now political
analysts have wondered what the awards
will look like will it be televised will
there be a red carpet will people wear
black tuxedos and little lapel pins and
things like that Trump first announced
the awards in November but no one was
sure who was kidding or not or if this
is a real event he then announced on
January 2nd that the awards would be
presented on January 8th then on January
7th he announced that the awards would
be January 17th and then last night he
tweeted the link to a blog post on the
GOP website listing 11 news stories that
he's already criticized for being fake
oh and also the website crashed so the
it didn't even load for several minutes
the conclusion of month of persistent
trolling which really was part of years
of trolling the news media going all the
way back to the campaign was itself just
a troll I love it so so much that's it
that's all it is it's just a blog post
it is a barely functional blog post not
a speech it not even a tweeted list just
a blog post at the GOP website and you
know what happened the mainstream media
took the bait
of course they did now we should be
clear this is a non-event this is
seriously this is not it didn't even
load there was no fake news awards there
was a blog post the mainstream media
could have simply ignored this but they
couldn't could they no they couldn't
because they're empty-headed kittens and
this is their catnip who covered it
everybody covered
