with me now to break this down host of
the Michael Noel's show its daily wire
Michael Knowles Michael good to see you
Liz thank you for having me of course
you're welcome anytime Michael talk to
me about this Senator flake has come out
and said that he's not going to compare
the president to Joseph Stalin he's just
going to make a comparison that's right
I'm not gonna compare Trump to Stalin
let me just tell you about all the ways
that he in stallin or similar it is
really sad to see Jeff Flake abase
himself in this way just because his own
political decisions mean that he
couldn't possibly win reelection this
year so of course he has to turn on the
president and on the Republican agenda a
highly effective Pro Liberty Republican
agenda by the way which has managed to
shrink the government pass tax reform
get us originalist justices all good
wonderful things but he's even wrong
about his basic claim which is that
Joseph Stalin originated the phrase
enemy of the people the phrase comes
half a century before Stalin's purges
from the Norwegian playwright Henrik
Ibsen in his play an enemy of the people
and what a coincidence perhaps if we had
had more immigrants from Norway we could
have claimed Henrik Ibsen as one of our
own this is par for the course for flake
he is so camera hungry he might rival
Chuck Schumer in that regard you know
even in 2012 the conservative generally
right leaning wall street journal' hit
Jeff Flake for these sort of petty
personal attacks he ran an ad against
his opponent that said his opponent had
a problem with anger and with ethics and
with women even the Wall Street Journal
hit him for that you know he he took a
week off from work later on to do a
reality television show
on the Discovery Channel with a Democrat
senator on an island in Micronesia so
it's very interesting when Jeff Flake
hits Donald Trump for injecting reality
television into our politics and he's
showboating recently in that Alabama
Senate race he donated $100 to late term
abortion fanatic doug jones the democrat
candidate just so that he could preen
for the mainstream news media but he's
there darling and that's why he's elique
t' this absurd ad hominem a totally
baseless speech to all of the
left-wing mainstream media outlets that
have so debased our politics that have
so hammered conservatives and and made
conservative governance so impossible
he's there darling and he's going to
smile for the cameras when he when his
speech well in the mainstream media are
such pathetic little lap dogs - they're
just sitting there waiting to lap this
up this is so part of his speech was
leaked I assume by him and his staff
because who else would have any interest
in leaking that but it says that he is
going to talk about the quote
unrelenting daily assault on the
constitutionally protected Free Press
and that he's going to call it as
unprecedented as it is unwarranted now
not to parse too closely what he's
saying here but does President Trump
actually assault the press or does he
criticize them Donald Trump is presiding
over the most transparent administration
in modern political history the the
press is everywhere he invites them into
wide-ranging freewheeling open meetings
he's constantly tweeting he's constantly
talking to them unlike Barack Obama he's
holding a wide-scale press conferences
he's engaging with them frequently and
just say that this is unprecedented is
just as historically ignorant as every
other claim that Jeff Flake makes
obviously our second president made a
contrary news and press illegal in 1798
you had Teddy Roosevelt regularly
referring to members of the press as
liars worse than thieves attacks from
politicians on the press are regular and
outstanding Barack Obama tried to cut
Fox News out of certain White House
press gaggles and the difficulty here is
that the mainstream media have what our
friend Andrew Clavin calls an empire of
lies they are such lap dogs for
Democrats they shouldn't even be
considered journalists what they are is
the communications wing of the
Democratic Party and they constantly
attack Republicans now we finally have
one of them hitting back and it just
coincidentally means that he's had the
the most effective first year of
conservative governance that I can
recall in presidential history
