in a shocking affront to our sacred
First Amendment cNN's Jim Acosta was
ejected from the Oval Office yesterday
at the end of a press conference with
President Trump and the president of
Kazakhstan Acosta was trying to ask the
president an important question he was
saying quote look at me look at me I'm
Jim Acosta will you not look at me why
doesn't everyone look at me will you
look at me or not
am I not Jim Acosta am i Jim Acosta or
am I not
unquote the president stonewalled the
intrepid reporter repeatedly refusing to
tell the public whether he would in fact
look at him and whether he was or was
not Jim Acosta then with blatant
disregard to the public's right to know
Trump told the costaud and get out as if
he were not an American journalist at
all but just some obnoxious self
promoting grandstanding adolescent more
interested in getting his name and face
on television than gathering information
with which to inform the CNN audience
before the CN on an audience boards his
next plane the understandably outraged
Acosta had this to say about the
incident a press Wrangler over here at
the White House got basically right up
in my face and the faces of other full
reporters here at the White House and
started shouting so loudly that it was
impossible for the president to hear our
questions or even see that we were
trying to ask questions it was that kind
of a display it reminded me of something
that you might see in less democratic
countries when people at the White House
or officials of a foreign government
attempt to get in the way of the press
and in doing their jobs that's right
Acosta felt that he had been treated as
if you were in some craphole country
instead of a nice place like Norway
Acosta said quote in Norway they know
that I am Jim Acosta and they look at me
because I am Jim Acosta look at me look
at me
so anyway I'm glad to report that at
least someone is fighting for good
journalism in America Donald Trump
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin then
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right that's the it's mailbag day
yeah I just remembered it's now that day
oh yeah we had yesterday we had the
conversation I answered everybody's
questions for now I have been so
politically incorrect this week I don't
I think I've just been I've just had it
I've been fed up with it I'll talk a
little bit about that toward the end of
the show but for now I know that many of
you watch the show on youtube or on
Facebook or come on you subscribers you
can watch the whole thing right on The
Daily wire calm and you look at me and
you think wow how can I look like that I
want to look like Andrew Clavin well of
course you know it's important you have
to lose your hair but it's important
it's not just important that you lose
your hair your friends have to keep
their hair so you can see the difference
and that way you'll get all the girls
because you're bald and they'll be just
running around with hair so what you
want to do is send your friends to keeps
because keeps is the easiest way to keep
your hair and then they'll be stuck with
all that hair keeps offers the only two
hair loss products they're clinically
clinically proven to keep the hair you
have you can sign up in less than five
minutes and keeps it entirely online and
only ten to thirty five dollars a month
so it's like one dollar a day or less on
average and that's half of what you
would typically pay for these solutions
at the pharmacy
getting started with keeps is easy you
answer a few questions you snap some
photos of yourself a licensed doctor
remotely reviews your information and
gives you the right prescription all
without ever leaving your couch and
within two to three days a three-month
supply of a treatment will arrive
perfectly packaged at your door so send
your friends to keeps right so they will
keep your hair and then then you as a
bald person can steal their women stop
their hair loss today the easy way with
keeps it offers customized treatment
plans with only
clinically proven hair loss products for
about one dollar a day from the comfort
of your couch to receive your first
month of treatment for free your first
thing you can send this to your friends
I'm telling you you'll ruin their lives
by giving them keep their hair send it
to your friends for free go to keeps
calm / clayvin they'll be there the
thing they fear so spell it VA n that's
key keeps ke PS calm / Clavin it's a
free month of treatment keeps calm /
Clavin keeps is here today here tomorrow
I like to very much
stick you're friends with hair and then
you can look like me and you'll get all
the girls one of my favorite subjects is
because I think it's so important and
one of the reasons I get so politically
incorrect I think is you know we talk a
lot about the difference between this
cloud of narrative fantasy that the left
is constantly trying to produce and they
have the organs with which to produce it
they have the networks that CNN they
have Hollywood they have the Academy and
they constantly teach it to you in
school and you almost cannot help
adopting their points of view they
create this tremendous Cloud of
Unknowing this cloud of fantasy in which
things are going on especially and Trump
because Trump doesn't care because he is
rude and politically incorrect enough he
strips them of that power that's why he
drives them so crazy it's not anything
he's done and so they have just been
creating this cloud of scandals and
controversies none of which I mean we
started this week with Knowles giving us
a list of them they're just unimportant
I mean this this presidency so far has
been virtually scandal free and that's
what they said about Obama they said
that about Obama after Fast and Furious
after the IRS scandal after the Justice
Department being so corrupt and people
who said write to me on Twitter and they
say well there was nobody indicted in
the Obama administration right because
the Justice Department was so corrupt
the fact that nobody was indicted is
part of the corruption is a sign of the
corruption where is in Trump he has
colored within the lines he has played
according to the Constitution he's not
so as far as we know he's not spying on
anybody he's not shutting anybody down
he's not trying to criminalize reporting
and yet they keep producing this cloud
of panic and scandal as if something
terrible is happening when nothing
terrible is happening so yesterday it
was wonderful we got to see this
live in real time on the air in action
first of all I mean here's our friends
at the media Research Center they did a
study and they said they analyzed every
moment this is MRC they analysed every
moment of coverage of President Trump
last year on the ABC CBS and NBC evening
newscast right which was usually seen by
more than 25 million people each night
which about 10 times what Fox News
that's a little under 10 times but but
it's a lot more than what that people
watch Fox News and yet Fox News has so
much power because on the Bret bear show
at least they are telling the truth
they're giving you another point of view
here's what they found here's what MRC
found the Trump presidency was the
biggest story of the year last year
accounting for one out of every three
minutes of evening news air time nearly
a hundred hours in total and the tone of
coverage has been incessantly hostile
especially for a new president in his
honeymoon year 90% of the stories were
negative versus just 10% positive and
the percentages don't include neutral
statements 90% of the stories are
negative and that is insane considering
the fact that the economy is doing so
great you know it took to his credit
what's his name
Martin Savidge at CNN had a focus group
and he invited people really interesting
he invited people of all different walks
of life all different colors who the one
thing that they had in common is they
were Democrats who voted for Trump and
he gathered them together and with
seeming shock and wonder asked them if
they were satisfied let's play a little
bit of this this thing because I want to
give you the reality of people's lives
as opposed to this cloud of panic and
sand faked scandal Monde scandal
scandals and this fantastic
that the press is living in let's start
with a baseline of what is actually
happening with the people who actually
crossed party lines to vote for Trump
I'm with a pastor mr. at home mom a
student a machine shop worker and a
union member
Democrats were raised in Democrat
families who crossed over to vote Trump
were one year when you're it how's he
doing fantastic
better than I ever would have dreamt I
mean that's a fairly really oh yeah
Derick yes yes he's doing wonderful you
stand on task we start with a hot-button
topic at the moment how big an issue to
all of you is immigration huge really
absolutely in Youngstown Ohio
absolutely and as far as I'm concerned
they're stealing jobs of rightful
citizens it's also about something else
Trump voters say is important rules and
respect I feel like when people come
here illegally that's just very
disrespectful you don't respect our laws
and you shouldn't be able to come here
freewheeling like that it's amazing how
nuanced this is too because here's this
woman she's addressing what I think the
immigration thing is about I think it's
about rule of law I do not understand I
simply do not understand why the rule of
law doesn't apply to immigration why we
talk about immigration would say well
immigrants have helped this country you
think not illegal immigrants that's a
different category of people when people
break the law they are lawbreakers they
inherently hurt the country by breaking
our laws and and that's the thing that
the people understand that the reporters
spend all their time covering up they
cover up that you know they want to show
you
oh here's the sad little Mexican person
here's the sad little Somali person
here's the sad little this or the sad
little that but they don't tell you that
the overall effect is also is worse for
our country when our laws are not
respected they go on to talk about the
fact that he's politically incorrect and
the guy said yeah at first one guy says
at first I didn't like it but then I
realized he was paying attention to me
he was paying attention to my jobs and
so he's not politically correct what
difference does it make I really I
thought good for Savage for actually
letting them speak and putting that on
the air you know so here's the thing
there's this whole whole thing we were
joking about the women's March and I
suppose there's going to be another
women's March although now they're
fighting among themselves but Jen Kearns
over at the hill
an opinion piece where she says one of
the greatest successes of Trump's first
year in office has been the empowerment
of women certainly there have been
plenty of other successes but he has
appointed so many women to powerful
positions far more than Obama far far
more than Bush his list of female
employment pointees she writes as long
nikki haley ambassador the united
nations my favorite
elaine chao secretary of transportation
Kristin Nielsen Secretary of the
Department of Homeland Security and
let's let's take a look the secretary
Kristen Nielsen I believe that's how she
pronounces her name she was she was
testifying before the Senate yesterday
and she's testifying about Homeland
Security and how immigration affects
homeland security and all they would do
and she kept saying you know it's
dangerous to have these people coming in
terrorists have coming in there with
over a thousand over two thousand
terrorists who have crossed into the
country illegally and she's talking
about this and all they want to ask her
is did President Trump really curse did
he really curse and finally she gets up
and and she tells him she's not gonna
talk about it anymore this cut number 12
sir respectfully I have answered this
I've been very patient with this line of
questioning I am here to tell you about
the threats our country faces and the
needs and authorities that are needed by
the Department of Homeland Security if
nothing further to say about a meeting
that happened over a week ago I'd like
to move forward and discuss ways in
which we can protect our country
okay that's what a strong powerful woman
and the Trump administration looks like
let's see how Democrats treat strong
powerful woman women here is Cory Booker
responding to the fact that she said she
didn't she couldn't remember whether
Trump used this dirty word she said
everybody was talking tough everybody
was using tough language she couldn't
remember this particular thing here's
Cory Booker Booker this is the way the
Democrats treat women I hurt where dick
durbin called me I had tears of rage
when I heard about this experience in
that meeting and for you not to feel
that hurt and that pain and to dismiss
some of the questions of my colleagues
saying I've already answered that line
of questions with tens of billions of
Americans are hurting right now because
of what they're worried about what
happened in the White House that's
unacceptable to me
there are threat
in this country people applauding I
receive enough death threats to know the
reality
Kamla receives an us death threats to
know the reality Maisy receives enough
death threats to know the reality and
I've got a president the United States
whose office I respect who talks about
the countries of origins my fellow
citizens in the most despicable of
manner you know I I do not understand
how you can fail to subscribe to the
daily wire for just a hundred bucks you
get a year's subscription and you get
the leftist tears tumblr and when Cory
Booker starts talking about his tears of
rage this leftist jungle magically fills
up and his tears taste so good I mean it
really it's addictive it's addictive but
it doesn't work if you don't have the
left this tears tumblr to drink his
tears with so here so there's only they
beating up on this woman they're calling
her a racist because to talk about this
one stupid word and Sarah Sanders
another powerful woman in the Trump
administration she she reacts to the
whole thing saying we've wasted all this
time talking about this word we wasted
five days talking about this word and
this cut I want to cut number seven
where she says what Trump wants is merit
based immigration see here here is the
important thing when when Trump curses
about Haiti and praises Norway which is
clearly Norway a better run nicer
country not one of these people would
live in Haiti over Norway all of us
would choose Norway all they can think
about is the people in Haiti are mostly
black and the people in Norway or mostly
white
I don't think trumps thinking about that
at all I think it's just thinking about
the government it's their racism there
you are bringing the racism to the table
what Trump wants is merit-based
immigration and here's Sarah Sanders
making the obvious point that that is
the only non racist way to do this is
cut number seven
so does a good deal include
then preferring white immigrants from
Norway than black and brown immigrants
from Haiti no in fact it's actually the
opposite because by definition a
merit-based system is colorblind it's
not basing it on any of that criteria
it's not based on race it's not based on
religious not based on country of origin
it's actually based on the merits of
whether or not this person's gonna be
contributing to society so actually it
erases all of those things and makes it
a much more fair system instead of
picking and choosing from trying to meet
different quotas of different things
it's a merit-based system and frankly
it's a system that most Democrats
supported and voted for just years ago
but now that this president is
championing there I think showing just
absolute signs and definitions of what
hypocrisy looks like that's exactly
right and this is so this is this
narrative of racism a by the way
everybody who actually knows Trump like
his ex-wife you know people do not
necessarily like them they all say he's
not he's not a racist he just doesn't
care all he cares about his money and
that's and that's the way he thinks he
thinks if I get you a job didn't go to
live your life I don't care what color
you are that's that's what that's the
way he looks at that looks at these
things all the racism the racism
what's so interesting is the press
doesn't even realize that it is bringing
the rate they are bringing the race
narrative to the table because that's
where the left's power comes from the
left's power comes from defining you as
racist you know ooh
this this is a technique that was stolen
by Sigmund Freud you know what I'm going
to talk about that toward the end of the
show about this technique that they use
to establish racism where none exists
but first let us talk about blue apron
you know every time I talk about blue
apron you remember their show green
acres they used to have that song Green
Acres is every time I think about blue
Haven I think blue apron is the way to
go
yeah blue is the leading meal kit
delivery service in the country and what
they do basically is they bring
ingredients to your door that you can
cook up so you get home-cooked meals but
they're not just any home-cooked meals
they are like home-cooked restaurant
level meals and now until around the end
of February until February 26 blue apron
is teeming with whole 32 bring you
delicious recipes the menu featured two
whole thirty approved recipes each week
like Mexican spice barramundi with
avocado tar Gashi
chicken lettuce cups with avocado and
kale and sweet potato salad
this is stuff that you know obviously
you would get in a restaurant but here
you can make it at home and they send
you the recipe they send you a big card
that makes it very easy it's convenient
you get all this variety and you get the
fact that you're cooking at home and now
in my home that means that my wife is
cooking and I'm drinking wine and sort
of making witty comments but it does
mean that we eat exceptionally well and
we get to be together and spend some
time together while we build this really
really nice meal and if you're one of my
listeners blue apron is treating the
Andrew Clavin show to their first three
meals I mean I don't understand like
this is the thing it helps obviously the
show when you go on and you use our name
and you let people know that you're
listening to the show and you're trying
out our sponsors but we're giving you
free food I mean what do we have to do
like we have to come to your home it's a
$30 value with your first order if you
visit blue apron dot-com slash Andrew
check out this week's menu and get your
$30 off with free shipping at blue apron
dot-com
slash Andrew you they keep changing the
menu so against you know choose Steak
Diane with mushroom pan sauce really
good stuff General Tso's chicken with
bok choy and jasmine rice restaurant
level meals that you cook at home at
blue apron it is a better way to cook
now before we go to the break oh we just
want to talk about this doctor who gave
trunk is annual physical right this is
the doctor what's the name Ronnie Ronnie
Jackson he is a naval doctor who has
served under Obama served under Bush I
believe and he's just the trusted
physician who does the president and his
job is to tell us whether the president
is about to fall over as some terrible
disease so the media prized part of
their hysteria part of this cloud of
fantasy that they're creating around
this president who will not do and say
what they tell him to do and say so
they're creating this cloud of narrative
this cloud of fantasy one of the
fantasies that they have been selling
and selling and selling is that he's
nuts he's got Alzheimer's he's not
functioning properly even that some
psychiatrist from Yale who said he
should be restrained and carried away
they said she said she said oh but they
people might think that's a coup yes
because it would be a coup think that
but these are people who know nothing
they have no expertise nobody
nobody nobody can look at a person from
a distance and and diagnose his
psychological state nobody can so the
president so the so the guy comes out
and first let's just talk about the fact
that he talked about that he's healthy
and the press couldn't even stand that
because the president eats junk food or
has eating junk food he's obviously
overweight but he's apparently doing
great so the doctor Jackson comes out
this is cut number three and they're so
are you sure he's not healthy
he said it's cut number three I don't
know it's some people have you know just
great genes you know I told the
president that if you had a healthier
diet over the last twenty years he might
live to be 200 years old I don't know I
mean he he has incredible he has
incredible genes I just assume I mean
you know if I if I if I didn't watch
what I wouldn't I wouldn't have in the
the cardiac and overall health idea so
he's very healthy despite those things
and I don't think that he does that
anymore I mean you know I mean he's
gonna White House now he's he's eaten
what they're with what the chefs are
cooking for him now and they're cooking
a much healthier diet for him now and
we're gonna continue to work on that
make that even healthier but I would say
the answer his question he has
incredibly good genes so so here's the
guy the doctor who is trusted by the
nation to take care of the president
right the most important full of it
political guy in the country here's the
guy he examined Trump right he's got his
head up Trump's backside basically he's
looking at every aspect he's telling you
this guy is in good shape but never fear
CNN has their house dr. Sanjay Gupta to
come on and give a diagnosis a far
here's cut 14 this coronary calcium
score is a score that a lot of
cardiologists use to try and be
predictive and be proactive and if the
number gets up over a hundred that that
is concerning to a lot of doctors it's
concerning because you can start to say
well if you do nothing different if you
if things don't change you can start to
predict the likelihood of having some
sort of heart event cardiac event a
heart attack or something like that
within a certain number of years and you
see the trajectory of
president Trump's numbers no doubt and I
think dr. Jackson alluded to this based
on because of his diet and because of
his lack of exercise that would be part
of the reason those numbers have likely
gone up and they have continued to go up
despite the fact that he's been on
medications
so the president has heart disease we
never examined him on CNN you know this
is the old expression if it ducks like a
quack it's a quack I mean thing to do
and by the way by the way if you are a
white man over 50 as I am you are more
likely to die of heart disease than all
cancers combined so every white male at
Trump's age has essentially has heart
disease I mean we all die and we're
probably going to die of that that's the
check that's why he takes aspirin he
takes the same takes the same stuff I
would take the baby aspirin he takes
cholesterol medicine amazing amazing CNN
could not even accept the diagnosis they
were gonna replace the facts with their
narrative which is what they do for a
living
but not that didn't make them any we're
half as crazy half as crazy is the fact
that trumps not crazy because the at the
President's request
he gave dr. Jackson gave him a cognitive
study to to make sure he doesn't have
Alzheimer's and listen to why he did it
any of you may have picked up on the
fact that we did do a cognitive
assessment as part of the exam and
initially you know I had no intention of
including a cognitive assessment in this
exam because to be honest with you per
all the guidelines that are out there
it just it's not indicated at this time
a lot of the guidelines would suggest
that you do that you do cognitive
screening questions and then if you have
a positive or concerning answer and the
screening questions that then you engage
with a cognitive screening tool so I had
no intentions whatsoever doing that like
I said because I didn't feel it was
clinically indicated and part of the
reason I didn't think it was clinically
indicated is because I've spent almost
every day in the president of the
president's president since January 20
mm you know last year when he when he
got into office and I've seen him every
day I seen one two sometimes three times
a day because of the location of my
office
we have conversations about many things
most of not most don't revolve around
medical issues at all but I've got to
know him pretty well
and I had absolutely no concerns about
his cognitive ability or his
neurological function so I was not going
to do a cognitive exam I had no
intention of doing one the reason that
we did the cognitive assessment is plain
and simple because the president asked
me to do it okay so Trump who sleeps
like flies like me he sleeps like five
hours a night he watches a lot of cable
TV he knows they're talking about him so
he asked him to do it he scored a 30 out
of 30 he's his brain is fine the press
the press I mean the car and this was
like a cognitive test of the press who
scored I think of three out of thirty
because they are out of their ever
loving minds here is a montage of them
peppering him with questions begging him
to say the Trump is crazy or stupid or
dying or something to confirm their
narrative like please stop giving us the
facts and make our narrative come true
how much weight have you suggested the
president lose can you assess the
president's mental fitness for office
cholesterol over 220 do you hope to get
it under 200 are you holding out things
like early onset Alzheimer's are you
looking at dementia-like symptoms did he
need to be some days it at all as you
said the 25th and then a lot of people
in the country to talk about the
significance 24 and you have a life
expectancy range for him based on his
results limited ones to the restroom now
is there anything you're keeping from us
for privacy reasons are you showing
footage of his prostate health waist
measurement for the president his weight
I think is it 239 right that's it seems
it's just shy of obesity most baby
boomers get screened for hepatitis C did
you through the Hep C test or as he kept
on previously some of the president's
friends have told reporters in the past
they think he's a germaphobe that he
washed his hands obsessively and if you
see any indication of that type of
behavior
you said there were stroke concerns so
what I love about this is he stayed out
there for an hour and answered every
question because Trump asked him to
Trump said you know does just go ahead
answer I mean this is the most open
presidency it is the most open
transparent presidency I think we've
ever had certainly in my lifetime just
think up here tell them everything
everything so let them go because the
facts won't won't confirm their
narrative I mean here's the thing these
reporters I know they think they're good
people and I'm sure they're not bad
people in the sense of criminals but
really they are corrupted by their
ideology they're corrupted by the fact
that they work for big corporations
which love big government which hate the
fact that ordinary people have a say in
government corporations are not the
friend of the little man even though
they are the employers of the little man
even though they provide us with many of
our goods and services the guys who run
them seek to shut the little man down
that's what Google is doing now on
YouTube that's what Twitter is doing
when its shadow bands conservatives they
want this voice quiet of this voice that
says that you are America not them that
you not the government is America they
want it quiet ask yourself when you hear
this panic the scandal this one
controversy after another who benefits
not you it ain't you who benefits you
benefit when jobs come back because of
tax breaks you benefit when the
government is rolled back and they don't
show up inspectors don't show up at your
business and start fining you for every
little thing that they find wrong that
that's something the Trump is doing you
benefit when the judges pay attention to
the Constitution which limits the powers
of government that's when you benefit
these guys these power elites who do not
want to hear your opinion who do not
care who you want to be present and who
do not care what your opinion and life
is like at all they benefit they benefit
when there is this cloud of panic and
scandal and that is why they are
generating all the time we got the
mailbag coming up we have to say goodbye
to Facebook and YouTube come to the
daily how on earth you cannot spend the
lousy 10 bucks a month or a lousy
hundred bucks for the entire year to get
this show where you just sit there on
the daily wire calm you watch it you can
be in the mailbag get your questions
answered the answers to your questions
are guarantee
100% correct and will change your life
every now and again for the better so I
mean it's such a good deal plus you get
the leftist here so every time cory
booker breaks down or Anderson Cooper or
Don Lemon every time their lips tremble
and their eyes misty eyed because
somebody said something mean about Haiti
you got the tumbler drink it come on
over to the Daily wire calm official
Lindsey boring scream on the mail back
from William O holy and infallible one
that isn't fact my middle name Olli and
it's Andrew Olli and Clavin I need your
best argument against my friends who say
everything we experience is just a
chemical reaction and life is an
illusion that view seems logical but
limited logical at all first of all an
illusion to whom somebody has to have
the illusion right for the illusion to
be there an illusion can't just float in
space somebody has to have the illusion
but but let's just to be serious here we
know that there are things that are not
material they're called ideas we know
that they're ideas ideas are not
material think about it for a minute
two plus two equals four that's an idea
right it doesn't mean anything there's
no to it only becomes real when you say
two pennies and two other pennies make
four pennies but the idea two plus two
equals four is just an idea just floats
in space it's not it is not the chemical
reaction in your brain that thinks the
idea it's not the vocal cords that speak
the idea because you can pass the idea
on and even if everybody disappears you
know that if people came back two plus
two it's still equal for there is
nothing material about the idea and yet
and yet you can't experience the idea
without material someone has to speak it
somebody has to think it so there has to
be a chemical reaction to speak the idea
now the the way that the materialists
handle this is they say that ideas
feelings experience life experiences are
epiphenomena
which means they don't exist until the
material body exists and that's when the
question of creation comes in who you
know Stephen Hawking said we don't need
God because all we need are a few simple
rules of science for matter to come into
being on its own and of course the
immediate questions won't wait rules of
science or ideas who thought the ideas
if you're a materialist you believe
something has to be there to think the
ideas well that's right there has to be
a mind mind has to precede matter the
ideas I mean this is basic Plato really
the ideas have to precede the forms of
things have to precede the things
themselves so what what you really are
saying when you see the material world
is not the essence of stuff you're not
seeing the idea
you're not seeing you're not seeing
Andrew Andrew is inside here Andrew is
here if you take off my hand god forbid
I'm still Andrew you know I mean if I if
I am in my belief if I die I am still
Andrew I will still be there in some
form or another so the thing what you're
seeing is you're seeing even language
okay let lets this is just a now we're
just dealing with a metaphor but it's
still true when I say the word tree the
word tree is not a tree but it conveys
the word tree when you see a person you
are not seeing the person you are seeing
the expression of a person in material
the material is like a word is
expressing the Andrew of me through
through this body through this brain
through these chemical reactions but the
people who say this stuff who say that
it's all a chemical reaction don't
believe it they don't believe it because
they make choices they look back on
their lives with regret or with saying
that was a good choice they when you
asked them the story of their lives they
don't say well I was this big then I was
this big then I was this big no they
tell you well first I felt this and then
I went there and I really learned this
and I came to as I became mature I
started to understand the world this way
they tell you their experiences of the
world the human experience of the world
is the reality of human life not the
chemical reactions through which that's
expressed like language the only thing I
will tell you is I mean all arguments
all arguments logical arguments point to
a creator all logical arguments point
spirit coming before matter not the
other way around but don't expect people
to surrender to logical arguments people
if people have faith if you have faith
it is obvious there's a God if you don't
have faith you cannot see it you simply
cannot see it so they're really blind
it's really a question of blindness it's
not a question of logical arguments but
that is the logical argument they
already believe in something that is not
Material they believe in ideas they
believe that two plus two equals four
and that it would equal four whether
people existed or not I mean people
might have to exist to perceive the two
plus two equals four but that would be
true no matter what and so they already
believe in immaterial things and then
the question is where do they think they
come from all right from deborah dear
most knowledgeable mr. Clavin my husband
and i are going through another kingdom
withdrawal and we are desperate to know
what single malt scotch to drink during
the final episode final episode is
friday number 13 the final episode of
what we hope will be the first season of
another kingdom and you can get it
anywhere that you get your podcast so
what single malt scotch should we drink
these are serious questions and require
planning of course the answer will
change our lives at least for this
Friday
my favorite single malt scotch is
Macallan 12th some people like the older
Macallan some people like the 10 year
old 10 year old is too light for me
older it starts to get smoky I'm not a
really a fan of smoky Scotch I like
sweeter smoother scotch and Macallan 12
it's the absolute perfect mark for me I
like with one ice cube and and I drink
it with my man crate glasses that I got
so that's that's my recommendation from
Beverly hi Andrew I'm a relatively new
listener but I'm particularly interested
in your conversion story I will read
your book the great good thing a secular
Jew who comes to faith in Christ that's
my memoir of conversion but would like
to know your thoughts on saying a prayer
out loud is the idea of doing this kind
of sticks in my throat and I can't
decide if I'm being too prideful or just
still have both feet on the atheist side
of the fence I've been sitting on for
far too long what can I do to develop
some enthusiasm for the Christian
experience I've grown so weary of
feeling jaded by my life experiences to
date and envy the sense of joy you seem
to emanate that is not just a sense of
joy that is joy in fact itself Christ
promises life in a
since he delivers that is when one
promise he delivers while you're still
alive and it is really worthwhile yeah
you know the thing that's smart about
this letter that really is smart is that
it understands that your resistance to
God is emotional it's not logical you
talk about being too prideful and I
think that I have believed me the same
problem this is not an accusation one of
the I think the emotional problems I
haven't getting close to Christ
sometimes is that I want to be the guy I
want to be the main guy I don't want to
surrender that main kindness to Jesus
and let's say oh you're the main guy I'm
just you know I'm your creation that's a
hard thing to do that takes a
suppression of ego and I'm a writer and
writers have big egos so it's hard to do
I believe in praying out loud very very
strongly I believe get you know find a
private place pray out loud talk to God
because it means you finish your
sentences it means you can hear what
you're thinking and you can hear the
response and the thing is you know I use
what I do that and I also use the New
Testament to to tell me what God says
when he has skin on what God says when
he looks like man because that way I
don't confuse God with authority figures
in my life or from my childhood who may
have betrayed me or failed me or done
all the things that human beings do that
God doesn't do because God is stalwart
and keeps his promises and he's there
for you and so if you pray out loud if
you get off alone and pray out loud
maybe 10-15 minutes everyday you'll
start to find oh you know I'm getting
answered I'm actually getting answered
them magically I mean it really is it
really is incredible I know things I
didn't know before I see my life from a
perspective I didn't have before I feel
a joy even in grief even in moments of
grief you feel a vitality and aliveness
that you just didn't have before it will
happen I you know redrew your New
Testament and pray your prayer and you
will find that that you have this
connection with the spirit that created
the world it's a good deal it's a good
person to know from Michael to his
Excellency the wisdom bear of foot
teller of tales what is your opinion of
video games as an art form could an
interactive thing of beauty still
function as both a cultural snapshot and
as a means of cultural exploration in
the same way stories or visual art have
previously uh I think about this a lot I
love video games I do believe at their
best they're in art form I believe that
they are mostly a visual art form I've
been a
disappointed in the storytelling
capability of videogames I thought that
they were going to be more interesting
as a storytelling vehicle and don't
write to me and tell me oh this one has
a great story this one I've played games
with great stories but because they are
on a track that in order for the
gameplay to be good the story has to be
on a track and has to go in a certain
way and the fact that some of them have
different endings is not very satisfying
I think we want to be told the story I
don't think we want to choose a story
that's not what a story is
however the visuals and the
immersiveness of the visuals I think
have replaced painting basically in our
lives I don't think I look at painting
today and I see stuff that really
doesn't move me at all it's not about
humanity it's about shape it's about
color it's about theory but the living
kingdoms that are created in video games
that you can immerse yourself in through
the gameplay is a new art form and is a
way of expressing the do is I think that
they communicate the inner experience of
being a human being in the world and I
think that some of the you know some
games the game that always comes to mind
is ICO which I've probably my favorite
of all games but but games like braid
games like the recently I think was
called inside these things are visually
so spectacular and these ones that have
elaborate kingdoms that play out even
Castlevania things like this there's
have these elaborate imaginary kingdoms
that you go into it yes I think it's an
art form but I do think it's a visual
art primarily I don't think it's
actually a storytelling art though some
of them have told stories and new
interesting ways do I have time yes from
Sam hi drew my 23 year old baby sister
just got engaged to a guy that all of
her friends and family disliked he's
essentially her first boyfriend I think
she's just in love with being in love
she's up for a lot she's up for a law
review editor and among the top in her
class he's a gardener which is relevant
because their relationship is grounded
in nothing but lies he lied about only
in his company about how much money he
makes about who his family is and much
more but she seems immune to it all she
has her head screwed on with respect to
everything else except this guy I'm
willing to accept that it's not any of
my business but what if anything could
should we do to make her see the light
thanks so much yeah this is a disaster
that's going to happen
we sad your sister is obviously a
talented intelligent lady who is doing
what ladies sometimes do I guess all of
us sometimes he was making a really
really bad choice I mean assuming that
everything you say about this guy's true
have no reason to doubt it she's making
a bad choice it's going to affect your
life so here's all you got to play a
long game you have to play a long game
in these situations because if she
marries the guy you don't want to be cut
out of her life and you don't want your
voice not to be there when things go
south as they inevitably will because
the guy's a bad guy right so the best
thing you can do is gather the people in
your family that she trusts the most and
in a gentle loving non assault of non
nagging non finger-pointing way say look
we love you we're gonna love you no
matter what you do but we have serious
concerns about these guy this guy and
this is what they are these are our
concerns that he lies that he doesn't
tell the truth that he's in debt that
he's not the guy he says he is and we
think that if you know you are you know
people do silly things when they're in
love people get carried away we think
you're making a bad choice maybe you
should wait a year before you marry this
guy and just see how it plays out we
will love you no matter what you do but
we just want you to know that we we have
qualms we have questions about this guy
hold off before you marry him and see
how it plays out that way if she makes
the mistake and marries him she can
still come to you when things go bad
that's the important thing see what you
don't want is you don't want to lose
connection with her when she's in
trouble which she will be in if she
marries this guy so you want to be able
to be there for her and and love her and
catch her and build her back up and
reconstruct her life when the disaster
hits as it will there's a chance that
she'll listen to you if she listens if
she delays you don't have to stop her
you just have to delay her for a year
because it takes about six months for
the you know chemicals that that make us
crazy and love to kind of wear off and
your senses you start to come back to
your senses to lay her for a year and
she may actually get the message herself
but if she doesn't you want to make sure
that you can still be there so don't go
to her and say you're making a terrible
mistake those guys you're being a fool
you're an idiot
that's not the way to do it do it gently
do it with love
that way you'll be there for her when
you'll be there for her when things go
south hey unfortunately will because
this guy sounds like a real loser last
one from Adam dear supreme supreme bald
man Clavin why isn't sex trafficking
ever discussed in politics oh boy that's
such a good question I see that
abolitionist organizations have public
demonstrations but I would think this
would be one of these global issues
everyone cared about but I feel like
people are more aware of polar bears
than sex slaves you know I don't know
the answer to this question why this
doesn't capture traction it does get
covered because it's about sex and
they're always willing to do stories
about sex but this is slavery this is
actual slavery and some of these girls
are tempted told one thing told they're
going to get jobs told they're going to
be free told they're going to be
citizens of America leave their hell
whole countries and come to a good place
you know like Norway but instead they
are linked into sexual slavery which is
brutalizing in the extreme why it's not
a bigger issue you know I don't know
it's like homelessness it's like
homelessness I do not know why
homelessness and slavery are not big
issues that we're talking about instead
of whether Donald Trump drinks diet coke
it's a problem with our press our press
is broken our media is is corrupt
intellectually corrupt intellectually
stupid our leftist professors are
intellectually corrupt and
intellectually stupid and so instead of
real suffering that's going on in the
world they're discussing stupid like
they when they talk about sex slaves
they talk about well we have to be good
to sex workers sex workers these aren't
sex workers they're slaves they are
slaves and they are people who are being
abused nobody nobody wants to be a
prostitute
nobody some people are you know I don't
think necessarily it's the oldest
profession in the world I don't think
necessarily people should be arrested
for doing it but I think that if you can
get people out you are doing God's work
why it's not a bigger story than it is I
don't know I mean maybe it's just that
it's so overwhelming that they don't
feel that there's anything they can do
about it I know that the left frequently
is blind to it I think the right maybe
doesn't care enough I think the same
thing is true with homelessness that
they were left has these stupid theories
about mad people having the right to
choose to live on the street
and the right that doesn't care enough
to show up it's worth if you want to
adopt a cause it's a good one people
should not slavery should be over and
it's just not and this is the key form
of slavery in the world today
alright good mailbag excellent questions
a lot of them we couldn't get to I'll
try and hold some of them over for next
week
now tickety-boo news you know I did want
to talk about this political correct in
correctness that I've been saying all
this stuff against feminism and against
people accusing people of racism yeah
you know I don't want to tell anybody
how to live I think you should go each
person should live his best life really
it consult his heart consult the Bible
consult God about what his life what
he's made to be what he or she is made
to be and follow that and not listen to
all these people who are trying to
promote all these ideas but you know
Sigmund Freud had this whole he really
was a genius he really did contribute to
our knowledge of the way the mind works
but he also said a lot of stupid stuff
and one of the stupid things that he had
was this idea of latency especially in
the the arena of sexuality so for years
I mean decades decades there was this
idea that you could be a latent
homosexual you were a homosexual but you
just didn't know it you know you were
going along sleeping with your wife
but somehow you were secretly gay and
and it was it was insane how you go back
to old movies from the 50s and 60s and
you'll see it I mean it's insane to
think that if you are attracted to men
or attracted to women you don't know
what you're attracted to men no men
especially know what they are attracted
to they know what gets them excited they
know what gets Moroso is a stupid idea
when Freud was thrown out by the left
because mostly because of the things he
said about women and homosexuals when
his ideas were hurled out by the left
they kept this idea of latency and they
use it it's a stupid idea and they use
it to call you racist when you're not
racist I believe you are a racist if you
believe that racial races race is
morally determinate if you believe that
someone is worse because he's black or
brown or yellow or red or white whatever
you believe I think you are a racist and
that's a philosophy
it's a way of looking at the world if
you don't believe that you have all
kinds of things that silly things that
flash through your head I mean if a guy
plays for the Boston Red Sox you hate
him if he changes teams and plays for
the Yankees then you love them I mean
those are crazy things that happen in
the human mind so maybe sometimes you
like white people better than black
people maybe sometimes you're prejudiced
against white people or whatever but
that doesn't make you a racist that just
makes you a human being so I get so
ticked off especially with young people
who accept this category of latent
racism latent sexism it's it's absurd
and it's just there to control the way
you talk so I've been talking and I
think it especially hurts women because
I think women are especially sensitive
to social pressures so I've been talking
a lot about women you know never here
they never hear from moms they never
hear from at home moms and I was
listening amanda presto one of my
favorite writers here at the Daily wire
I don't know how to pronounce her last
name so I just call her Amanda presto I
think that's her Twitter handle
she writes this piece despite the
onslaught of propaganda telling young
girls otherwise a recent research paper
distilling data from over 30 European
countries concluded that mothers find
home making preferable to working
full-time and this isn't keeping to a
British study in 2013 that found that
stay-at-home mothers are more likely to
think that their lives are worthwhile
than women who go to work you know they
did a study of National Happiness
stay-at-home mothers tended not to
suffer from boredom frustration feelings
of worthlessness according to this
research on Brett Britain's well-being
so where are you gonna hear that nowhere
you know I mean nowhere and when people
say it they get called names and they
get shut down and so your life you know
a pathway of life of happiness I'm not
saying this is for everybody on the same
since for anybody I'm just saying a
pathway to happiness that is has been a
pathway to female happiness for
thousands of years maybe 70 thousand
years as long as we have history maybe
2.5 million years as long as there have
been Homo sapiens that pathway is shut
down by this press that is corrupt and
dishonest and not and not a good bunch
of people and that's so that's the
reason I'm being a little being
politically incorrect because I think
somebody should say it and if
getting accused of racism all week
people saying well you're a racist but
you don't you know somebody said tweeted
me they said it's a very nature of
racism that you don't know you're a
racist baloney
malarkey it's the nature of racism that
you proclaim yourself racist that is the
nature of racism do not listen to this
the facts matter the data matter your
own heart and your own desires matter
your life matters and that's why I
studies like this are important it's
important that people like Amanda are
writing about them and getting out the
news all right tomorrow we have James
O'Keefe don't we excellent I'm looking
at his book American Pravda I believe
it's called American Pravda and he will
be here to talk about that and about the
good work he is doing exposing the
censorship on Twitter and elsewhere I'm
Ann from Cleveland this is the Andrew
Clavin show we will see you then the
Andrew Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
technical producer Austen Stevens edited
by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by Mike
Carmina hair and makeup is by Jesuit
Vera and our animations are by Cynthia
Angulo and Jacob Jackson the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
