you know I always hear from left as well
you know right-wingers just aren't funny
and I always say right-wingers on fun
has left us have no sense of humor I
mean that's the you know the minute you
start laughing at them they don't think
it's funny but what I want to know is
how did you now you get blacklisted you
get sent away by CAA and people ask me
this question all the time so I want to
ask you how did you get through how did
you move to the next phase what was what
was the plan well well two things first
real quick when people say people on the
right aren't funny I don't think people
realize how many massive movie stars and
TV creators and comedians are actually
not on the left but they don't say it
because they don't want to jeopardize a
billion dollars like I'm friends with
some guys you know it's it's it's which
is sad in a sense because I have a
friend worth I don't know 300 million
dollars and I'm more free than him yeah
because I get to just be like ah now
they're those feminine haired feminists
is psychotic and he's like and I wish I
could say that you have all the money
like all right so anyway um so how did I
get through it well I got to give props
to Joe Rogan and Dave Rubin because you
know I've done Fallon I've done Leno
I've done all these shows and when when
you get blacklisted they take away all
your ability of speaking to the public
in any big forum so one thing that
happens is the Streisand effect you know
my youtube went from 3000 to 70,000 and
to two months where it's just like and
people respected that I stood up for
something and so people came to me and
then Joe Rogan had me on twice in a in
two months and then Dave Rubin had me on
and steven crowder I became very close
with and we did a lot of sketches
together and you know Dave Smith who has
their libertarian podcast you know stuff
on my own who had me on like all these
people that that that I they just were
like tell your story and I'm like thank
you very much and I just kind of
reshaped my career and I thought I was
gonna lose everything but thankfully for
patreon and super chats on YouTube and
just these little things that I'm now
saw producing another special that I'm
shooting in my hometown and it's never
been better
yeah I mean and my wife tells me how
much HAP
here I seem and she has pride in what I
did you know and it's just it's just a
good time to be a comedian
