let's get back to this on racism on the
decline of race relations
let's compare Donald Trump and his
predecessor so according to a New York
Times CBS News poll by the end of the
Obama presidency race relations fell to
the lowest point they had been since the
1992 LA riots quarter century before
with 69% of Americans perceiving race
relations is generally bad according to
a CNN ORAC poll 54% of Americans think
race relations worsened specifically
under Barack Obama including 57% of
whites and 40% of blacks in 2009 here
this was the first instance of this
Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates
tried to force his way into his own
front door I guess he'd forgotten his
keys confused neighbors called the
police two officers showed up one of
whom was black and asked for ID gates
descended into hysterics screaming quote
this is what it means to be black in
America do you even know how many
graduate degrees I have do you know
you're dealing with here I'm a professor
at Harvard can you even spell Harvard as
I am assuming that's what what he said
you know the officers arrested gates on
charges of disorderly conduct
how did Obama respond well I should say
at the outset that skip gates is a
friend so I may be a little biased here
I don't know all the so I may be a
little biased here I don't know all the
facts what's been reported though is
that the guy forgot his keys jimmied his
way to get into the house there was a
report called into the police station
that there might be a burglary taking
place so far so good right I mean if I
was trying to jigger in him well I guess
this is my house now so they probably
won't happen but let's say my house in
Chicago here I'd get shot
now I've I don't know not having been
there and not seeing all the facts what
role race played in that but I think
it's fair to say number one any of us
would be pretty angry number two that
the Cambridge police acted stupidly in
arresting somebody when there was
already proof that they were in their
own home and number three what I think
we know separate and apart from this
incident is that there is a long history
in this country of african-americans and
Latinos being stopped by law enforcement
disproportionately there it is there's
the Obama doctrine listen I may not know
a single thing about the case here but
let me weigh in because it offers me a
political advantage the Obama mo
frequently wrong but never in doubt then
fast forward a few years in 2012 a
Hispanic man that the New York Times
desperately tried to call a white guy
named George Zimmerman called the police
reporting that a young man who appeared
to be on drugs was wandering around his
neighborhood the cops instructed him to
stand down but Zimmerman pursued him
anyway the initial confrontation remains
a mystery but all of the available
evidence supports Zimmerman's claim that
at some point
Martin knocked him to the ground jumped
on top of him and pounded his head into
the pavement Zimmerman grabbed his gun
and shot Martin Obama of course could
not help but weigh in on the local crime
issue and here's how he responded but my
main message is is to the parents of
Trayvon Martin you know if I had a son
he'd look like Trayvon if I had a son
he'd look like Trayvon totally needless
senseless fuel on the flames of racial
division but that's Barack Obama
that's our not very nice culture and it
isn't totally Barack Obama's fault
either
he spent eight years degrading the
culture sure but by the time Obama had
come around the Left had spent decades
sowing the seeds of division decay and
victimhood enter Barack Obama then enter
Donald Trump our culture is a not very
nice place and we can't look to
politicians to fix it that's not what
politicians do
not your trust in Princes to quote a
true cultural figure and coincidentally
a guy who is both black and white at
various times in his life no message
could have been any clearer if you want
to make the world a better place take a
look at yourself and then make a change
good advice from a good and from an
actual cultural figure
