all I ever wanted to be was a novelist I
grew up reading the great crime novelist
like Raymond Chandler and Dashiell
Hammett James M Cain the great American
tough guys and that's kind of what I
wanted to the stuff I wanted to write
and I did quite well at it I was a multi
award-winning novelist I wrote my books
were made into movies with Clint
Eastwood and Michael Douglas and you
know it it went rather rather well and I
eventually started to move into movies
as well and was writing for the movies
but at the same time I was going through
a very big personal shift I not only
became a Christian I also separately
became a conservative I became a
conservative when I saw that Ronald
Reagan basically was right about
everything and I very rapidly found that
it's almost impossible to maintain a
career in Hollywood while being openly
conservative you know you don't really
get blacklisted in Hollywood you get
grey listed so I've never had to do what
the the left disc guys did in the 50s
when they you know were chased out by
the house on American Activities
Committee they had to do things like
right under pseudonyms I've never I've
never tried that I might one day because
I really have become toxic and it's very
what happens to me now in Hollywood is I
will get invited in for a meeting and
then after that they'll Google me and
they'll see what the kinds of things
canceled back yeah yeah
