I write crime stories suspense stories
and I write a little bit of ghosts kind
of supernatural stuff and after the ring
came out which was a very popular ghost
story in a movie I loved I started to do
a very good business in ghost scripts
you know they were very popular for a
while and I'd read every ghost story
ever so I was selling a lot of scripts
in a year which is a very good living at
the same time 9/11 happened and we
started to go to war and Hollywood
started to do what I think is the lowest
point Hollywood has ever had it started
to make anti-war films while our
soldiers were in the field so that never
happened before you think of the great
anti-vietnam war films they were all
made after the soldiers had come home
and I just found that deeply deeply
offensive I thought you don't make I
don't you know if you're opposing the
war that's fine it's a free country but
you don't make propaganda films that
hurt your guys while they're actually
under fire because you're not under fire
you're sitting at the cafe Marmont and
la you know kind of tossing back
espressos you know keep your opinions
off the screen so I start to write about
it I wrote for the LA Times I actually
went to Afghanistan and reported on the
troops for a City Journal and my phone
started to stop ringing I mean it
basically stopped ringing it got harder
and harder for me to sell things it got
harder and harder for me to go into a
room and talk to the people that you
have to sell to so the way it works in
Hollywood is you pitch things as you go
and you say here's my idea or they say
to you here's our property what would
you do with it and of course you would
go in and you'd make conversation as you
do in any meeting and the conversation
would be isn't that George W Bush on
Nazi and I I live my life by words you
know my words are my profession and my
life and I can't lie I can be polite you
die I hope I am polite but I can't sit
there and say yes George W Bush is a
Nazi so I would say you know I kind of
see this differently and it would be I'd
be out in the parking lot before the
door hit me in the back side again right
and but no one heard your weeping is now
with the door closed and the bruises
behind you know I have to be honest with
you I never I lost a lot of income I did
I lost a substantial amount of income it
never bothered me once I have to say I
never I never lost a minute sleep over
because
guys were being shot you know because
guys were fighting for our freedom and
fighting against I think of vicious low
enemy and these Islamist killers who are
out there and I thought like so you're
losing some screenwriting jobs it would
have just struck me as almost bad form
bad taste to to get upset about that and
