tomorrow is going to be fascinating
because the vote is now set on Brett
Kavanaugh for Saturday we'll get to all
of that news in just a second first
there is a bunch of it so we begin with
the fact that Republicans and one
Democrat just passed Brett Kavanaugh
through a cloture vote so thank you once
again Harry Reid let me just begin with
a big thank you to Senator Harry Reid
who killed the filibuster on judicial
nominees way back in 2013 and Mitch
McConnell cocaine Mitch in his prescient
turtle-like fashion said at the time you
will come to regret this sooner than you
think
and oh boy do democrats regret it right
now because all it takes is 51 votes not
60 votes in order to elevate someone to
the Supreme Court the vote on Brett
Kavanaugh was closer than expected and
that is because of the politically
traitorous behavior of Lisa Murkowski of
Alaska Lisa Murkowski of Alaska voted no
on cloture joe Manchin of West Virginia
who wishes to retain his seat in the
Senate voted yes that means that it is
now bipartisan opposition because of one
vote it's bipartisan opposition to
Kavanagh and also bipartisan support for
Kavanagh because of one vote basically
one meant one Democrat voted yes one
Republican voted no on cloture but this
thing is too close for comfort
wouldn't it be nice right about now if
the Alabama GOP had not nominated Roy
Moore to fill a Senate seat that give me
a little bit more breathing room I think
I'd feel a little bit happier about life
right now suffice it to say the odds are
very much on Brett Kavanaugh side in
terms of being confirmed Jeff Flake
voted YES on cloture Suzanne Collins
voted YES on cloture in order for
Cavanaugh to go down right now basically
both those people have to switch their
votes or joe Manchin has to switch his
vote between cloture and a final vote
the final vote is designed to take place
on Saturday that is the that is the goal
it's supposed to take place tomorrow and
Lisa Murkowski obviously is in the
crosshairs because Lisa Murkowski who
lost her primary in 2016 and then won a
write-in vote and won about 44 percent
of the vote in her election before that
in 2010 against the Libertarian
candidate she's not wildly popular in
Alaska or anything like that but she
feels pretty secure because she's not up
for reelection until 2022 and now she
gets to burnish her feminist bona fide
ease it would not be particularly
surprising if the Democrats at some
point went back the Senate say in 2020
it would not be particularly surprising
to see somebody like
Murkowski switched to independent ala
jim jeffords and then caucus with the
democrats in order to preserve receipt
that would not be a giant shock so
Murkowski votes the wrong way on this
susan collins votes the right way on
cloture she has in the past voted for
cloture on particular measures and then
voted against the nominee if she were to
do that if she were to vote in favor of
cloture and then vote against the actual
measure being taken then you would see a
50-50 tie in the Senate broken by vice
president Pence which is about the
thinnest margin that you could put
somebody on the court by but hey almost
only counts in horseshoes and
hand-grenades and this is neither so as
long as he gets confirmed that's all
that matters in the end
