so all this week we've been talking
about the difference between reality and
the imaginary world that we see on the
news and from Hollywood
yesterday provided us with some stirring
examples of the disparity between the
two worlds
for instance here's Donald Trump at a
televised meeting on immigration
yesterday I feel having the Democrats in
with us is absolutely vital because this
should be a bipartisan bill there should
be a bill of love truly should be a bill
of love and we can do that but it also
has to be a bill where we're able to
secure our border drugs are pouring into
our country at a record pace a lot of
people are coming in that we can't have
and here's the news CNN's brian Stelter
discussing donald trump president
Trump's fitness for office is now the
top story in the country reporters and
some lawmakers are openly talking about
the president's mental stability his
health his competency let's try that
again here's Trump at the meeting these
are measures that will make our
communities safer and more prosperous
these reforms are supported by the
overwhelming majority of Americans from
every standpoint from every poll and
they're being requested by law
enforcement officers I had to think
meeting with ice last week I had a big
meeting with the Border Patrol agents
last week nobody knows it better than
them as an example on the wall they say
sir we desperately need the wall and we
don't need a 2,000 mile whoa we don't
need a wall where you have rivers and
mountains and everything else protecting
but we do need a wall or a fairly good
portion okay and now here's author
Michael Wolfe talking about Donald Trump
that goes beyond saying okay the
president's not an intellectual what's
what's what are you arguing there you
say for example that he was at
mar-a-lago and didn't recognize lifelong
friends I yeah I will quote Steve Ben
and he's lost it he's lost it let's do
this one more time here's Trump at the
meeting
between Republicans and Democrats I mean
I remember what I used to go out in
Washington and that's e Democrats having
dinner with Republicans and they were
best friends and everybody got along you
don't see that too much anymore I ain't
no new respect you really don't see that
you don't see it so maybe and very
importantly totally different from this
meeting because we're gonna get daca
done I hope we're gonna get doc had done
and we're gonna all try very hard but
maybe you should start bringing back a
concept of earmarks it's gonna bring you
together you're gonna do it honestly
you're gonna get rid of the problems at
the other system had and it did have
some problems but one thing it did is it
brought everyone together and this
country has to be brought together ok
that's your president now let's listen
to the people in Hollywood talking about
the president he's an idiot : Cowell
said it best he's a national disaster
he's an embarrassment to this country it
makes me so angry that this country has
gotten to this point that this fool this
bozo has wound up where he has he talks
how he wants to punch people in the face
well I'd like to punch him in the face
so to be fair here there really was a
time back during the campaign when
Donald Trump would talk about some crazy
stuff like he would talk about Barack
Obama being born in Kenya which he
wasn't or he'd say that Ted Cruz's
father had been part of the conspiracy
to kill John F Kennedy which was absurd
and all that was fun right but now the
Trump is running the country he seems to
move on and to stop talking about crazy
stuff but the media the news media and
Hollywood are still talking about the
crazy stuff which makes me think that
one of them was pretending to be crazy
and the others are just plain nuts
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
tickety-boo so we need also sing see
topsy zip it easy
all right it's mailbag day we're gonna
answer all your personal religious
political questions you know one of the
reasons I think that people get politics
so wrong and they make it melodramatic
when it's actually kind of a you know
sausage-making policymaking thing a lot
of debates a lot of compromises and they
talk about their principles they I think
it's a way of avoiding their personal
life so on the mailbag we'll deal with a
lot of personal questions and on Tuesday
January 16th that is one week from
yesterday Tuesday January 16th we're
gonna be doing the conversation again
that's where we for a full hour
5:00 p.m. Eastern starting at 5:00 p.m.
Eastern or 2:00 p.m. Pacific
I will sit with Alicia and we will
answer Alicia Krauss and answer any
question that you send in I'll just do
it live right there on the air amazing I
will be solving all your problems
discussing all of life's mysteries right
off the top of my head
answers are guaranteed like the mailbag
a hundred percent correct but you got to
subscribe so here's what you do right
you go on The Daily wire calm subscribe
allows you ten bucks a month for a lousy
hundred bucks you get the whole year and
the conversation will stream live on The
Daily wire Facebook page and the daily
wire YouTube channel and it's free for
everyone anyone can watch it you can
kind of get answers of other people's
questions but only subscribers get to
ask the questions to ask questions as a
subscriber log into the website daily
wire.com
watch the lead live stream head over to
the conversation page and after that
just start typing into the daily wire
chat box and we will pull the live
questions as they come in and I will
answer them and it will be an amazing
feat of intellection and revelation
that's Tuesday January 16th at 5 p.m.
Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific come on in and
join the conversation
we're hoping to get sebastian Gorka let
me know Rob when he shows up he is in
Malmo Sweden he is investigating the
no-go zones I mean this is this big
controversy I'm sure you've heard about
where they say that certain Muslim areas
basically are places where people who
aren't Muslims can't go anymore and
that's an amazing thing if you're
talking about Sweden once one of the
most well regulated well run
in the world I've been there it's a
beautiful country but apparently willful
find out if some of this is real we'll
also talk to him about Steve Bannon I
mean yesterday if you think about it was
a kind of shocking day when we talk
about the difference between reality and
perception yesterday there was a lot of
stuff that went on that if you were a
trump supporter a supporter of trumpism
would really cause you to ask a lot of
questions but before we get to that we
have to talk about the fact that you
look terrible
I mean just go ahead and go look in the
mirror absurd right you know if you were
wearing made-to-order suit you would
look much better I can't do anything
about your face but the your form would
look terrific and people wouldn't even
notice they would say wow that guy looks
great because you'd be wearing custom
menswear from Indo Chino and Indo Chino
will bring you custom menswear that you
can afford which is a big deal because K
to get a ready-made suit to get a
made-to-order suit usually costs is just
will break your budget but not with Indo
Chino what how Indo Chino does is they
have a lot of little places like in LA
there's a little one in Beverly Hills
you can just walk right in get all the
measurements you need and then they have
them on file or if you can't do that if
you live somewhere out of the way you
can do it online you can have your your
spouse measure you and then you can send
in their measurements and then they have
them and then you basically help them
make a suit for you or a shirt you can
pick your fabric you can choose your
customizations submit your measurements
and place your order takes three weeks
or less and then this suit arrives that
makes you look terrific
you can shop online at Indo Chino comm
or visit any of the showrooms across
North America and this week my listeners
can get any premium in duty no suit for
just three hundred and fifty nine
dollars that is like 50% off a suit I
mean that suit should cost you a mate
orders a made-to-order suit should cost
you twice as much it's just three
hundred and fifty nine dollars Indo
Chino calm and then enter Clavin a check
out that is que la vie a in this to AIDS
what did I say oh thank heavens thank
heavens I'm spelling my name right okay
que la VA N that's right you know it is
true out all those mailbag questions I
keep getting the ve
don't do that because the shipping is
free and the suit is just three hundred
and $59 at endowed Chino comm promo code
Clavin for any premium suit just three
hundred and fifty nine dollars plus free
shipping I had to make me a shirt and it
looks absolutely terrific
anyway the thing that is that really is
amazing you know Trump had this meeting
on this was a meeting on Dhaka on the
dreamers so is his worker here let's
start with Sebastian because the other
thing that happened is that Steve Bannon
lost his job yesterday he's kicked out
of Breitbart his last power the best
pillar of his power pulled away
he's lost Trump's friendship he's lost
the Mercer's money he has now been fired
from Breitbart very important very
startling fall from grace for a guy who
just a few months ago was in the at the
president's side dr. Sebastian Gorka is
a Hungarian American military and
intelligence analyst Fox News strategist
and former deputy assistant to President
Trump he's also the author of The New
York Times bestseller defeating jihad he
is in Malmo Sweden where he's looking
into these no-go zones and we're gonna
talk to them about that as well there he
is
how're you doing happy new year how's
the Sweden is just you know it's
palpable half of the people we talked to
say there's no problem if there's
increased violence it's just young guys
without jobs the fact that hang grenades
of being you know detonated the day we
arrived a 23 year old man was shot in
the head in rinkeby one of those yeah
and the other half say no this nation is
in crisis the immigration policies are
threatening the future of Stockholm so
it is a classic case of of the political
elite not wanting to grasp with the
reality you know I want to talk to you
about this at length because this is a
really important subject but we have to
cover the news first I mean this this
the downfall of Steve Bannen has been
pretty shocking and it really does look
as if Donald Trump kind of sent out the
word that you were on his side or on
Bannen side are you are you as surprised
as everybody
else I mean did you see this coming I'll
tell you something and I haven't told
this to anybody else in the media when I
went to Steve's office one day in the
Eisenhower building so we had to move
out of the West Wing when they
refurbished the West Wing this summer
right and when I went to Steve's office
to talk to him and Glen thrush comes out
of his office
haha yeah I just went hang on
who's he gonna be next Maggie Haberman
coming out of Steve's office sitting on
the record along with Newt Gingrich
Steve is probably one of the most
strategic political minds alive today in
America but he made some big mistakes
and his interaction with people like
Michael Wolfe III was asked by an
outside individual who mutually knew he
knew us to talk to Mike Wolfe for his
book the second I met him drew I knew
this guy's an oily Creek he wants to
destroy the administration I shook his
hand said hi and I refused to talk to
that man ever again Steve thought he
could talk to this guy and get away with
it on or off the record talk to Glen
thrush and others and his decisions got
the better of it and he's paid the price
do you look at what's happening right
now yesterday was it was kind of a
shocking day if you just take the news
on the surface
Trump is negotiating to maybe extend the
stay of the daka the dreamers he's
talking about going to Davos now you
know which is with was the horrible
globalist you know cabal has been and
saw it do you think that the Trump
agenda is gone I mean is he abandoning
the agenda that that you've said this
many times on your podcast that he's
surprised you right right this is this
was wasn't the guy you wanted you didn't
have
of expectations yeah and he surprised
you and he's learned on the job and the
one okay not the one one of the most
important things you need to know about
this man is he's broken every mold in
political category the taxonomy of
politics changed on November the eighth
in America in ways that the elite to
this very day has very scant
understanding of and the idea that he
goes to Davos does not make him a
globalist you know look at what he did
with NATO he played NATO like a cheap
fiddle he said we don't need you you're
obsolete and the NATO gets all crazy and
then what does he do we'll look guys if
you want to be taken seriously
you need to after 30 years finally pay
that 2% what happens the Secretary
General of NATO come to the East Wing of
the White House give the press
confidence is 2% sure no problem
do not judge him based upon what you
expect other politicians to do if they
go to Davos and I'm not giving up on
dark because this man knows why he won
the election and he knows that when he
said build the war as the first pillar
of his substantive policy platform he
knows he can't go soft there's only one
way he loses the base there's only one
way and that's if he's not true to
himself and I don't expect him to betray
himself ok ok I have one more question I
have to ask you about Bannon because I
I've never seen anybody miscalculate so
terribly where his power I mean I I was
comparing him in an interview the the
other day with with the wily coyote who
runs off a cliff and doesn't stands in
air because he doesn't know he's
standing in midair I did did Bannon did
Bannon think that he was the secret
sauce of trumpism is that is that the
mistake he made did he think that the
Trump was just a kind of the front piece
of the of the movement but Bannon was
the real intellect behind it is that is
that how he went so wrong if you read
the accurate biographies there's a lot
of garbage out there you know this is
the Darth Vader of Philly
right if you're really the real stories
about where he grew grew up in Richmond
what his father did what happened to his
father's retirement account in 2008 when
the economic crash happened no they said
this isn't a man who pretended I'm the
president I'm just gonna hang my stuff
on on Donald Trump this is a man who had
a vision and he saw in Donald Trump the
requisite individual who was enough of a
rank outsider who could potentially make
this economic nationalism a reality and
what you need to know that but the
banner is he has personally years ago
declared war on the Rhino establishment
and Donald Trump was was you know the
confluence the constellation came
together that he declared war on the
Rhino establishment and along came a man
who as far as I'm concerned was only
accidentally the GOP candidate Donald
Trump had nothing to do with the GOP he
was just accidentally the GOP candidate
you know Bernie Sanders has more in
common with with Donald Trump than the
GOP does as ranked outsiders and this
was you know perfect to Steve Wow Wow
okay let let us try it you know I'm
reading this book called the strange
death of Europe and one of the points
that he talks about is how I thought was
Mari right yes Douglas Murray and one of
the things he talks about is the amazing
difference between the opinions of the
people which were up to 70 percent
opposed to the mass immigration that was
taking place and the basic gormless
helplessness of the elites and the
people in power who simply did not
listen is that what your senior in Malmo
Sweden you've been looking around that
what are called no-go zones is that
happening there I mean are the people
and and the governing class on the same
page or not I'll give you a couple of
quotes from Swedes we met one woman who
deals as a think-tank on national
security issues said we have a crisis
when it comes to immigration and the
future of this nation but if you say
that publicly you can hand in your
resignation letter the same day you make
that statement as a professional okay I
spoke to
a a Jewish Swedish lady today who said
there is an oppressive cone of silence
you cannot talk about she says all the
Swedes know we are in crisis because
we're having gang rapes occur we've had
you know 20 you know immigrants 20
immigrants rape one woman five of them
are arrested and are eventually
acquitted by the Swedish courts we have
80 percent drew 80% of the Swedish
police force want to retire early
because it's too dangerous to go into
the no-go zones the chairman of the
ambulance union ambulance workers union
once is demanding that their ambulance
workers or paramedics get issued body
armor this is Sweden yeah okay it's not
Beirut okay but politically it's the
most sensitive issue you can talk about
but but you if so your career is
destroyed if you bring this up but if
you bring it up and then you run for
office well the people turn up will they
vote for you or based on this is the
fascinating thing about this year is
election year yeah Sweden and there's a
party it's it's the Swedish Democrats
who originally and this is this is this
is where it's gonna get really dicey the
swedish democrat party started us as a
party affiliated with the nazis so they
they were the kind of neo-nazi party
historically and they've you know excise
that they've distanced themselves from
from those policy pronouncements but
they're the only party that is prepared
to talk about these things and we met
with the chairman of the Foreign Affairs
Committee of the Swedish parliament
who's from that party and they have
doubled doubled the size of their
constituency in Parliament in just three
years because they're the only party
that's going to talk about it and rude
they may be the next government that's
amazing is is is the problem here is the
disparity of philosophical one is of the
people who are elites believe that this
is a good thing bringing all these
people in who don't share Swedish values
don't share the basics of the Swedish
worldview that they believe this is
actually a positive thing and the people
they just feel that people are too
stupid to see it or is it
actual helplessness they do not know
what to do okay so Sweden is very
interesting so let let let me tell you
from the horse's mouth we meant with the
former head of the the Jewish
international association of Jewish
Swedes and she said Sweden for sixty
years has been about consensus you know
we define ourselves around consensus and
you must not rock the boat when it comes
to consensus so there's this overarching
thing to keep things very very you know
looking uncontroversial number one but
this woman made a fascinating point that
I hadn't even thought of before she said
I'm a Jew my parents survived the
Holocaust we came from a minority which
meant we automatically wanted to
assimilate and accommodate right the
hundreds of thousands of Muslims that
have arrived to Sweden from Syria from
Iraq and elsewhere they come from
countries in which they are the majority
so they can't even think about the
requirement to accommodate because they
never had to accommodate right and so
they come in to Sweden and they want to
have their little majority culture
define their life inside a nation where
they're the minority and sooner or later
that's going to cause tension that's
just gonna cause tension I you know I
I'm running out of time I want to talk
to you about this much more I hope
you'll come back when you come back to
the States and talk to me again but just
just to close this out is there a
connection between what's happening
there and what Trump is trying to do in
terms of immigration here is is there is
there a way to put the brakes on this in
America before we wake up one day and
we're having this sort of problem here
look you cannot separate Branson from
Trump from the rise of this party in
Sweden from what's going on in Hungary
from what's going on in Poland and where
whatever wherever you like politically
it comes down to a very simple question
what does the word stop what does the
word Sweden me what is the word America
mean if these words are to have any
meaning right they have to have a
content and if you say it's irrelevant
if you say like Hillary Clinton when she
gave that speech to those bankers with
you know the transcript was leaked we
want to have a a borderless Western
Hemisphere
then then suddenly if they're not
borders America means nothing the
concept of America the philosophy 1776
rugged individualism free markets it's
it's nugatory it disappears and every
country in the 21st century has to
wrestle with this what does it mean to
be a Swede and can another culture come
in and change my culture and Sweden
still remain the same a lot of people
are saying you can't do that and remains
we yeah that's it's a it's a really
really difficult question because you
want the sanity but you don't want the
Nazis coming back obviously I mean this
Jewish Swedish person said I asked her
so what's what's the best case what's
the worst case and she said you know if
these former Nazi affiliated party wins
the election then they may have a chance
to begin a debate and she said if the
former Nazi affiliated party doesn't win
the election there will be no debate and
you know what's gonna happen then sooner
or later the Swedish Swedes who grew up
here
whose women are being raped and whose
daughters are being told you can't wear
a miniskirt in Malmo they're just gonna
resort to violence yeah yeah we don't
want them it's there you don't want them
yep yep
Sebastian Gorka thanks very much for
coming on when you get back to the
states I'd like to hear a further report
really interesting so Beth do it all
right
you know I know I know many of you as
the new year came on made New Year's
resolutions and I'm sure you've broken
them all by now but if you have not and
if you made a resolution to be more
responsible with your money you want to
check out policy genius because life
insurance all kinds of insurance are
just an important part of your financial
outlook I mean look look even if you're
young you're gonna have children they're
gonna be dependent on you your spouse is
going to be dependent on you maybe your
folks are getting old and they're gonna
be dependent on you if something happens
to you like for instance a truck backs
over to you fun you want to leave enough
behind so that people can be taken care
of nobody likes to deal with this that's
why policy genius makes it easy it's an
easy way to compare and buy life
insurance online then lets you compare
quotes it takes about five minutes and
they don't push anything down your
throat they're not selling anything and
they don't just insure life they insure
everything in your life you can compare
health insurance disability insurance
pet insurance renter's insurance so many
ways that you can take care of the
people around you and of your future so
if you made a new year's resolution to
be better with money you can achieve it
at policy genius.com it's the easy way
to compare and buy life insurance zero
sales hassle no no pressure nobody's
gonna come to your home I may come to
your home just to visit but nobody else
is gonna come to your home it's it's
free you're free to be it you just go
into policy genius.com and you can get
your new year's resolution resolved in
about five minutes as you compare life
insurance online okay I guess before we
before we cut off I really have to go
back I mean it was it's a really
interesting conversation and this is
what was happening yesterday with Donald
Trump Donald Trump sits down with the
Democrats and the Republicans and he
he's basically saying okay you know you
want these 800,000 dreamers to stay in
America what do I get for it do I get my
wall do I get this end of chain
migration and he was doing it in a
really interesting way cuz basically I
mean that's the whole first of all the
whole thing was filmed now part of that
I'm sure was to fight back on the wolf
book and to make sure that people could
see that he was completely in charge and
completely sane and all this but it also
did show you the way he kind of works if
you take a look at this exchange Dianne
Feinstein she comes forward with the
classic Democrat offer the Democrat
offers always the same let the
immigrants stay and then down the line
we'll deal with the security the border
security and the people will not stand
it and the Wall Street Journal is just
as bad about this as anybody else we're
not talking about immigration we're
talking about rule of law so he just
watched this exchange between Dianne
Feinstein who's he talking to Kevin
Kevin McCarthy yep senator Feinstein's
asking here when we talk about just daca
we don't want to be back here two years
later you have to have security as
the secretary would tell you I think
that's what you say I'm thinking you're
saying doctor without security are you
talking about security as well well I
think if we have some meaningful
comprehensive immigration reform that's
really where the security goes and if we
can get the daca bill because March is
coming and people are losing their
status every day just a few years ago
and no disrespect there's people in the
room on the other side aisle who voted
for it if I recall senator Clinton voted
for it so I don't think that
comprehensive I think that's dealing
with dock at the same time so so he's
got them like really working it and and
of course you now have these two sides
right these guys are now caught all of
them all of them to give them their due
or caught between two sides on the one
side you have a memo that was found by
the Daily Caller was released by the
Daily Caller from the Center for
American Progress right their action
funds circulated a memo calling illegal
immigrants brought here at a young age
so-called dreamers a critical component
of the Democrat party's future electoral
success so this Center for American
Progress is sending out this thing it
says the fight to protect dreamers is
not only a moral imperative it's also a
critical component of the democratic
party's future electoral success so
they're importing voters a set
essentially which is the problem that
people like Ann Coulter have they say if
this keeps up we'll never have another
Republican president then on the other
side you have people like Ann Coulter
who voted for Trump specifically for
this wall this is what they want here is
a montage this is cut number ten
Congress is full of people from both
parties who believe at the point of our
immigration policy is to provide cheap
labor to their donors and to atone for
America's imaginary sins against the
world they couldn't care less about
immigrations effect on you or your
family yet these are the same people the
president now says he trusts to write
the immigration bill the one he'll sign
no matter what it says so what was the
point of running for president this
group
something that's no art of the deal
that's complete surrender now I suspect
the president will realize that and
trying to walk some of that back but
that is very bad and he did it in front
of the media he did it in front of the
Democrats the whole world heard it just
give me something and I'll sign it you
kidding me
when Kevin McCarthy is the hardliner on
immigration in the room I think we can
call this the lowest day in the Trump
presidency I mean it was clearly trying
to overcome the bad press of this
Michael Wolf book by showing oh he's in
command but in fact what he did was
fulfill every description of him in the
Michael Wolf book so so that's what
they're gonna be dealing with but really
I really do think there is an opening
here for a deal because most people even
Trump most Trump voters are fine with
the dreamers staying what they're not
fine is they're bringing their mothers
and sisters and nieces and aunts and
uncles and just this complete open
border and so if Trump can get the
border security that we've been talking
about for all this time I think a lot of
people will be forgiving toward the
dreamers I think this is this is this is
the thing you know everybody's got a
stake everybody has got an image they
want to put forward of this world but we
have to talk about reality and in
reality they're not going to deport
800,000 people I told you this during
the election I told you when no matter
what anybody says they're gonna find a
way to keep the people who are here here
the question is are we going to
re-establish the rule of law at the
border that's the reality question and
if Trump pulls that off that'll be quite
a feat because this has been stuck for
now for generations you know when you go
on a trip a lot of times you go to a
hotel and the hotel gives you you know
hotels are small they're kind of they're
all they all look the same you get stuck
there if you have to get stuck there for
a meal if you get stuck in a hotel it
costs so much money but if you rent get
a rental property you can get almost
anything you want and get enough room to
bring
entire family you can get your own
kitchen you get a stock kitchen you can
get Wi-Fi trippin comm is the world's
number one site for vacation rentals
it's trusted by millions of travels
travelers it's been featured in The New
York Times Travel and Leisure Forbes and
more with trippin calm onesearch lets
you filter compare and sort over 10
million available properties on trusted
sites like VRBO TripAdvisor booking.com
and more don't wonder if you're getting
the best deal on a winter cabin or a
beachfront house you'll save an average
of 18 percent per night by booking your
vacation with trippin comm don't forget
if you want to save time and money while
booking the perfect vacation rental for
your next trip head to trippin dot-com
slash clayvin how do you spell that it's
que la vie a n go to trippin dot-com
slash clave and do that because let them
know that we sent you because that's
important for us that keeps our lights
burning and keeps the sponsors coming in
trippin dot-com slash clayvin and next
time you go on vacation you can have
this beautiful house maybe you can get a
townhouse you can have a hot tub things
like that you know you can pick it all
out all these choices that they give you
we have the mailbag coming up come on
over to the daily wire com you can hear
the rest of the show there if you
subscribe you can watch the show you can
be in the next mailbag and you can be in
the conversation next Tuesday when I
answer all your questions all right
the mailbag
from John Andrew how long will the
country continue to be so divided you
seem like you have lived a lot more life
than I have at 22 years old I don't just
seem like I've lived a lot more life I
have lived a lot more life than you have
at 22 years old how has it gotten this
has it gotten this bad before
and come around for the better how long
will PC culture and the Democratic Left
continue to pass judgment on me for
being a Christian conservative are we
beyond reconciliation first let me point
out that really what we're experiencing
now is the norm what was abnormal is
that after World War two
the victory of World War two the fact
that there are competing markets were
completely destroyed brought a kind of
unity and consensus to America that most
countries never achieve when Barack
Obama said Oh usually were fighting
moving the ball on the 50-yard line he
was lying because he knew that those
days were gone but they had been here
from about the 50s to about 1968 1968
was one everything fell apart and the
60s happened and blew a blue away that
consensus so what you're dealing with
now is kind of the norm this kind of
division this kind of anger you know we
had a civil war in this country this is
nothing and you're just seeing as I've
said this before what you're seeing is
you're seeing that when it when things
fall apart like this the gravity goes
out of the room and the furniture starts
floating around the room and everybody
gets very nervous about where it's gonna
land because they think oh my gosh you
know the possibilities for disaster are
endless and that's true but usually
people keep disasters from happening
what I'm seeing now is I'm seeing Donald
Trump reshaping the Republican Party to
be more of a populist party and and with
some solid conservative elements and
what makes me laugh about the guy say at
National Review or just feel all our
principles are going down the drain the
Republican Party was never a full flown
vehicle for conservatives conservatism
was always folded into the Republican
Party presidents like George HW Bush and
George W Bush drove conservatives insane
because they betrayed a lot of the
principles of conservatism but they were
the only party in town and so now it's
going to be drive us insane in different
ways in populist ways that didn't we
there before but they'll still be a
conservative element of the Republican
Party all this will shift out I really
do believe that Donald Trump just
judging from right now is going to be a
force for good in this because he is
going to be when a lot of his policies
work they're not gonna seem so
outlandish it's not gonna seem so
strange anymore to cut taxes to go dial
back on regulations to have
constitutional judges he could really
reshape the party for a long time now
about your Christian conservatism if you
read your actual Bible right Jesus tells
you the world is not going to like you
the world is going to give you
tribulation is going to cause you pain
it is going to reject you as a Christian
conservative that is the norm and when
it's not the norm sometimes it's not so
good like in other words when
Christianity becomes acceptable to the
mainstream
sometimes the mainstream and
Christianity begin to confuse get
confused together so for instance a lot
of people think that Christianity is
living a life that was suitable to the
50s when I read the gospel that's not
what I read I do not think the Lord
incarnated himself and suffered death on
the cross to solidify the 50s I mean the
50s were just a time when they happen to
have certain values that were featured
in the magazines but people were living
all kinds of different lives and
Christians were living all kinds of
different lives so you're a Christian
conservatism you're Christianity forget
about your conservatism for a minute
your Christianity is supposed to be at
odds with the world you're supposed to
be the guy that everybody says wait a
minute why is that guy so happy when
everybody hates him you know that's
basically what Christianity looks like
so you know there will there is going to
be a new consensus a new consensus is
coming I see it about five to ten years
down the road it will shape itself
slowly if Trump continues to be a
successful president that will help
things along I think a new consensus is
coming it will be as a more conservative
consensus I think than we've had before
and and I so I think the news is
basically good but you're gonna have to
go through this time when we are like
countries most countries divided I mean
that's that's what's happening what I
don't want to see is I don't want to see
what happened in Europe happen to us
where the ruling class goes off on this
tangent of
diversity and immigrant you know lawless
immigration while the people are sitting
there saying no you know in and this is
the insane thing this is why you can't
be silenced when people call you racist
you can't be silenced when people call
you sexist you can't be sauced when
people call you names you shouldn't be
racist it's wrong to be it's obviously
against God to be racist you don't want
to be sexist but you don't want to be
shut down by people calling you those
names so people are gonna you know if
you're a Christian people are gonna come
after you that's always gonna be true
but obviously you have a higher calling
all right from Travis a leader of men
and children alike master of all he
pervaiz surveys not pervaiz although I
may be master of all I probe a as well
and some things he doesn't perv a he who
bathes nay frolics in leftist whales a
question if I may my wife and I are in
our 30s and we think Hollywood put out
its best stuff during the 80s and 90s
whenever you mention movies you love you
tend to cite the black and white
classics in your opinion what do they
have that later movies don't words they
had words that and and that is that is
what made them a little bit more adult a
a culture that depends on language will
be a thoughtful culture a culture that
depends on imagery will be a stupid
culture in the Middle Ages you had
church paintings that were what they
called the gospel of the illiterate that
is conducive to you know not too deep
thought it's language that takes us into
deep thought in the 30s and 40s a movie
script was 250 pages long and a movie
was 90 minutes to two hours now a movie
is 90 minutes two hours and the scripts
is 110 pages long that's because there's
no dialogue in it Hitchcock was the man
who really realized what he did and look
art has to follow it will follow its own
logic
what Hitchcock realized was that the
movies were a visual art form that sound
had not in fact added that much to the
way movies affect people and so if you
watch vertigo for instance it's a sound
movie with a half an hour of silence in
it there's a half an hour where nobody
says a word and that really transformed
movies so listen the 80s 90s there were
some great movies Goodfellas was made
then certainly I guess the Godfather was
in the seventies that to me is the last
actually
Great American film that is actually
great but but still there are some
wonderful movies made in the 80s and 90s
what they what they didn't have was they
didn't have the depth of thought and
emotion and human interchange that
movies had when the scripts were longer
and when they were kind of the writers
were coming out of the theater they were
bringing theaters of the movies so I
find those films a lot more adult and a
lot more thoughtful their corny their
old-fashioned now they may not speak
into the life we live today I understand
that they may have just become dated but
still I thought that there was something
there that has been lost that said I do
believe there are great movies that were
made in the 80s and 90s certainly a
couple of great movies that were made in
the 70s and and and so it's just it's
just the language I miss I just think
art with language and it is smarter all
right dear supreme overlord and master
of the MAL bag this is from michael over
the last year I have turned away from
atheism and thanks to mostly you and a
few others like you I am now a firm
believer in God good my wife and I have
made it a point to go to church this
year and after going I still seem to be
missing the connection between God and
Jesus we've been going to a Christian
Church and it seems they use the terms
God and Jesus interchangeably but I have
trouble thinking of the two in the same
way I know what the Bible says mostly
and I started reading your book the
great good thing but I was hoping you
could help me understand the connection
in the way that you see it now first if
you finish the great good thing which is
my memoir of my conversion it does talk
a lot about this and why ultimately I
came to feel that Jesus was the God that
I was worshiping I mean this is one of
the things I never really tried to
convince people to become Christians
because I think if you convince people
to believe in God the logic of God will
they'll suddenly realize that the logic
of Riyadh and the logic of Jesus are the
same and that's kind of a coincidence
you know strange coincidence it tends to
lead you to become a Christian but let's
let's say this let's put it this way
everything has a purpose my left is tear
tumblers is here to collect and and
preserve my left is tears I use it for
that purpose my computer has a purpose I
use it for that purpose when we relate
to God we are looking for our purpose
we're looking for what is the point of
us because we are made in the image of
but no one has seen god no one has ever
seen God the Father the Lord in in
heaven what we have seen is we have seen
God as he is as a man we have seen this
in Jesus Christ and in seeing this we
start to realize what we are for now
each of us is for something different in
some ways but we're also for God so
we're all for the same thing but each of
us is for the same thing in a different
way and in our relationship to Jesus
what you do is you find out that that
that starts to come true if you don't
have that you just have this amorphous
maker up there in the sky then God
begins to look very much like you Jesus
keeps for that from happening Jesus
because he's such a strong personality
because he said certain things because
there's no getting away from the things
that he said he shows you that there's
certain part did God just like
everything else that exists has a nature
right people who say oh all religions
lead to God are speaking nonsense right
because everything that exists has a
nature of microphone is a microphone and
not a leftist ears tumbler everything
has a nature and God is God he is not
not God okay and so when you see God as
a human being as you would relate to him
you see Jesus Christ and one of the
really fascinating things and this has
been the way I've been reading the Bible
for the last two or three years is as a
way of getting to know Jesus because
he's not the person that people tell you
he is he's not always the person that
the church tells you he is he's not
always the person that your pastor tells
you he is but in the Gospels you do see
him and he is an unmistakable
personality saying unmistakable things
it makes a big difference whether you
are reading the words of Jesus Christ as
the words of a human being of a person
or whether you're reading them as a set
of rules Christianity is the one
religion that is not a set of rules it
is not a set of rules it is simply good
news is something that happened that is
good and when Jesus I mean Jesus said
some weird things you know he says stuff
like turn the other cheek somebody slaps
you turn the other cheek well is that do
you always do that if somebody slaps
your wife do you turn the other cheek
but you know what does that mean but if
you are relating to Jesus and reading
him in context and reading him in his
life in contact you start to realize
that he was presenting an entire
philosophy an entire
of being that God has when he does the
human thing and since you were doing the
human thing and he is doing the human
thing it is a good way to guide yourself
what'd you find what'd you find when you
follow Jesus is yourself that's what you
find and I don't think that happens if
you just have this amorphous idea of God
as being a nice guy then you just start
imposing your values on him as opposed
to the other way around
where you let his values shape you and I
think that that is the important point
part about Jesus as for the logic of
Jesus and why it makes sense to me I
think the great good thing is a good
thing to read because it doesn't explain
a lot of it alright I have to do one
more and then I'll stop
hey Andrew my dad turns 60 this month
and I'd like to buy in one of your books
besides your great good thing what have
your works would you recommend he's a
John Grisham fan I think but is enjoyed
your hilarious monologues
thanks a lot love the show I never miss
an episode that's from Benjamin Benjamin
well I think what I do is I work my way
back
werewolf cop is despite the title which
I'm still annoyed by werewolf cop is
really one of my best books and you can
redo way back from the that the identity
man I think is really good I think
Empire of Lies is an exceptional one
especially for conservatives they like
that a lot and then you get back to true
crime and don't say a word which are
both I think still books that hold up
you know obviously they take place in a
different time but I think there's books
that really do hold up very well so I
would say werewolf cop identity man
Empire of Lies true crime and don't say
a word
I got a stop unfortunate it's a lot of
questions today I wish I got had more
time but I don't let's do tickety-boo
news here is news from the cheese-eating
surrender monkeys in France we always
love to hear from the French there is
one thing the French know about and
that's sex if you go to friend those
people are the best looking people you
have ever seen and when you vote and
watch French movies I always say you
know it's not like American actresses
aren't beautiful but the French
actresses have a way of being insane
gorgeous but looking like human beings
like looking like someone you might meet
on the street and yet at the same time
they are gorgeous beyond belief and one
of the most gorgeous of them all was
Catherine Deneuve one of the most
beautiful women who has ever walked onto
the screen so just one day after
Hollywood offered a show of support for
the me2 movement on the Golden Globes
red carpet and staged a famous actress
on the other side of the Atlantic lent
her name to a public letter denouncing
the movement that the me2 movement as
well as the French counterpart which is
called the boss Tom pork or expose your
Pig Catherine Deneuve joined more than a
hundred other French women in
entertainment publishing and academic
fields Tuesday in the pages of the
newspaper Lomond and on its website and
arguing that the two movements in which
women and men have used social media as
a forum to describe sexual misconduct
have gone too far by publicly
prosecuting private experiences and have
created a totalitarian climate this is
the letter
rape is a crime but insistent or clumsy
flirting is not a crime nor is gallantry
a chauvinist aggression as a result of
the Weinstein affair there has been a
legitimate realization of the sexual
violence women experience particularly
in the workplace where some men abuse
their power it was necessary but now
this liberation of speech has been
turned on its head you know one of the
things that is so funny about this me
too movement what what most leftist
movements are is they're not actually an
attempt to make things better they're an
attempt to seize power for a certain
number of people so for instance when
people call you racist it doesn't mean
that you did anything racist it means
that they are so that the left is
ceasing the right to denounce you okay
doesn't mean you did anything racist
they say well you said this and that's
racist because it could mean this you
know you think like well wait you know
if I'm a racist I would say people of
one race or less than people of another
race I don't believe that I don't
believe that I actually believe that
that is a sin to approach people like
that is a sin that's why I won't do it
on either side so I'm not a racist so
you're calling me a racist is just
essentially a power grab to say that you
have the the ability to define me in
that way and it's a way of shutting
people up if they say you know what
maybe we should be careful who comes
into our country and you say you're a
racist
it's just
saying shut up you know scary it's a way
of scaring you into silence but the
problem with this is when you start
talking about sex is most people have
sex and most people do sex and most
people have done things in their sexual
lives things that they regret and things
that they don't regret and have very
strong opinions about what right and
wrong is and the reason this thing is
blowing up in the left's face so that
the Hollywood actresses at the Golden
Globe parading their black dresses and
all the stuff of the same people who hid
Harvey Weinstein's crimes for 20 years
they're the same exact people and it's
blowing up in their face the reason is
is that when you start to think about
what really is sexual abuse you have to
look at your own life and your own
thoughts and your own way of behaving
and that's different than just letting
somebody seize the power to call you
names that's what Hollywood is doing
they're playing by that old playbook
we're the ones we are the left we are
the elite we are the beautiful people we
decide who's racist we decide who's
sexist it's not gonna work it's not
gonna work because with sex that's part
of everybody's life and we all have a
very definite opinions we're gonna bring
some people get some guests on to talk
more about sexual ethics because I think
it's a really complicated really
interesting subject and I think we need
to hear a little bit more about it so we
can think more clearly about it that
will be coming up tomorrow who do we
have tomorrow we're not true oh oh yeah
and Renee Olsen isn't feeling well but
hopefully we'll get Mike Duran and we'll
talk about a rant he wrote a really
interesting piece I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show we'll see you
tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
mic core Mina hair and makeup is by
Joshua Albuera
and our animations are by Cynthia Angulo
and Jacob Jackson the Andrew Klavan show
is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
