so a quick thing that I hate today comes
courtesy of some Australian show I guess
where there's a guy named genuine are
you aware who this genuine fellow is so
I guess a genuine is some sort of singer
I guess that he is he is famous for what
song did he do okay thank you say it
louder cuz I missed it he didn't ride my
pony okay from genuine he's an American
singer songwriter and dancer whenever I
do a pop culture reference like this I
immediately have to check Wikipedia
because I have no idea who these people
are but he apparently did a show in
Australia where he was said where he's
seated next to a transgender woman
meaning a man who says that he is woman
and this ridiculousness ensued you know
guys have chatted me up not knowing my
past but then as soon as they find out
whoa I'm a woman right okay forget about
any tease or anything in front of it I'm
just a woman okay so on that score you
would date me wouldn't you
not if you told me you was no I'm not
telling you I'm trans I'm a woman okay
so he was getting all sorts of flack for
this because he wouldn't date a
transgender woman and then she asked for
and then he asked for a kiss right
there's a guy is that the guy asked for
a kiss and genuine says no oh how dare
he he's not he's saying trans women
aren't real women cuz they're not cuz
that person may indeed have the junk
downstairs like this this idea that that
you get to kiss whoever you want pin and
voiced your perspective like first of
all can we start with this premise you
don't have to kiss anyone you don't want
to in life how about that let's just
start from there right even if this
person were a real woman this is not a
printer a particularly attractive woman
from the stands normal standards of some
of them and feminine beauty if genuine
and does not want to be into that
genuine does not have to be into that
beyond that are we now suggesting that a
man is only a real man if he kisses a
man like that that is a genetic man that
is a biological man sitting next to him
suggesting that now genuine is some sort
of sexist for not kissing a man so
that's weird we had one of these
instances earlier net if this becomes
the new line and the transgender rights
movement good luck with that one try it
try selling people on that one and you
want to gain some
it turns out the best way to gain
support for the transgender community is
not saying that we have to have sex with
transgender people like that it turns
out that is not a strong play
