one of the things you've probably
noticed if you tuned in to this podcast
on a regular basis is that over time
everything becomes the Andrew Clavin
show others may start out with different
opinions and points of view but
eventually they all come around to
having my opinion and my point of view
which are otherwise known as the truth
and I know what you're thinking you're
thinking how does he do that while
remaining so incredibly calm and
physically attractive is it because my
brain is closer to the surface and
therefore better able to absorb reality
or is it because having been born in the
reign of Amenhotep II ahh bra I have
acquired the wisdom of several lifetimes
or is it just because I'm an old bald
guy which amounts to much the same thing
the answer is this when I'm wrong I
changed my mind to put that another way
when I make an assumption and the facts
then contradicted I abandoned my
assumption and replace it with the facts
for instance when I first saw Donald
Trump was running for president I said
he seemed to me like an ignorant
blowhard who knew nothing about the
issues and would therefore do a poor job
Trump countered that he was a smart guy
who would learn the ropes when he needed
to and would appoint the best people to
do what needed doing it turns out we
were both right he was an ignorant
blowhard who was unprepared for office
and he was a smart guy and he did
appoint the best people so after a
chaotic start he's had an amazingly
productive and even excellent first year
as president so I changed my mind and
said hooray now I'm simply waiting
around for everyone else to admit that
they were wrong and changed their minds
to agree with me and weirdly enough that
process has finally begun because over
time everything becomes the Andrew
Clavin show trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
we need also sing
see Topsy the Zipit easing its
the mailbag is tomorrow and Molly
Hemingway is today it's a perfect world
I mean what else what else could you ask
that's like a perfect world the mailbag
tomorrow Molly Hemingway today if I woke
up every morning and could say that it
would be a great day the mailbag go on
to the daily wire calm and subscribe for
a lousy 10 bucks a month or subscribe
for lousy 100 bucks for an entire year
and get the leftist tears tumblr which
you will love but also that will give
you the right to ask questions in the
mail back in the way you're doing is you
hit the podcast button you go to my
podcast and on my podcast there will be
a mail bag button that you can just
press that and send your questions in
the answers you can ask about anything
you want politics religion personal life
the answers are guaranteed 100% correct
and will change your life
on occasion for the better so that is
tomorrow so get your questions in today
I have to mention this one thing you
know James damn or remember that guy
from Google he wrote them the you know
what what would you call it a manifesto
I guess where he said you know that it
was unfair to have quotas for hiring
women and it's very possible that women
have different desires and different
strengths and maybe aren't as good its
tech as men are and so they fired and so
now he's suing he is suing saying they
with another guy says they are claiming
that they were belittled and punished
for their conservative political views
that they are belittled for being
Caucasian that Caucasian white white men
essentially conservative white men are
ridiculed and ostracized and they're not
treated fair and the reason I start with
talking about this is because if you've
been listening and you've been listening
to our podcast the podcast I did with
Knowles another Kingdom this fantasy
suspense story that we've been doing is
LA and iTunes series and it's come down
to the last that we're up to number 11
there are 13 episodes altogether so
there are two more episodes and it's
been getting these great reviews and
everything and I said you know if you
help out we can start to pitch this in
Hollywood because they'll see it's
popular and they'll come to me and a
couple of people have come to me I still
have a couple of pitch
to do ahead of time but the big pitch
that I did was to somebody I like very
much and I didn't want to bring up their
name but now I have to because on Sunday
night the the Golden Globe Awards were
on right and Handmaid's Tale won two
Golden Globe Awards and this is the
company that I was pitching to this is
Warren Littlefield's company he's a
really nice guy very brilliant guy his
the woman who worked for him is one of
the best story people I've ever met he's
just terrific I went in and pitched as I
told you when I did it I walked in the
room they started dissing Donald Trump
the minute I walked into the room I was
able to sort of weave through the you
know tiptoe through the tulips but you
know I'm always very honest and I always
tell people I said to them you know I am
a completely politically incorrect
person I don't believe in feminism this
is not this story's kind of an
anti-feminist story you know I knew I
was taking a big risk but now they have
come forward and announced after the
Golden Globes the entire cast of the
show the The Handmaid's Tale came out
and announced that they are part of the
resistance against Donald Trump and they
say there are a lot of times when Warren
says there are a lot of times we wish we
were not as relevant as we are we went
into development and then in production
in the world was a very different
looking place it was not a Trump world
and then midway through the first season
the reality changed and I think each and
every day were reminded of what we carry
forward a responsibility to Margaret
Atwood's vision and also to be part of
the resistance
now with all respect to the guy like I
said I think he's a really the minute I
met him I realized it was a class act
and a really good producer and almost
there's no correlation between the
handmade style and the world of Donald
Trump no and women are not being
oppressed Donald Trump hasn't done
anything to women women it's the same
old American women they always were if
anything if anything there's been kind
of a lot of attention paid to sexual
harassment and various business
locations that'll die down and go away
believe me and vanish and it'll go back
to men abusing women as they have since
the dawn of time that is what men and
women do to one another they abuse each
other in different ways but all I'm
saying is like I can't sue of course I
would never do this anyway because I
just don't think it's right but I can't
sue and say Hollywood as an entity keeps
me from telling a story that
disagrees with this mainstream narrative
this narrative that somehow these
people's artistic lives are wrapped up
in attacking everything I believe in
which is not Donald Trump but
conservatism anti-feminism a world in
which people respect different
diversified points of view in which you
can be a gay guy but at the same time
you can say you know what as a as a cake
maker I don't want to cater your wedding
those are things that I believe in and
believe in everybody being free and I
can't sue people for that and it and
this is one of the reasons I keep
telling conservatives that you have to
build entities that do this stuff
because there is no way to beat them
believe me ever every conservative I
know what they secretly want is they
secretly want good reviews in the New
York Times they secretly want you know
Steven Spielberg to make their movie
they want Fox to produce it and all that
it's not gonna happen it's never gonna
happen and if it starts to happen
they're going to make sure that their
voice actually overrides your voice and
everything you say so we need these new
venues and new you know techniques and
these kind of revolutionary ways of
putting forward stories like this
podcast that don't depend on them
because that is what we're up against
and it's there's no it's not like Google
there's no suing them because there are
a million different employees and they
have the right to express their opinion
it's just that we can't express our
opinions if we don't have venues as well
and people have to really start doing
this because what they're defending is a
narrative what the creating is a
narrative we'll talk more about that in
just a minute but first you know every
day I come to work here and I say to
myself see the buildings on fire and
there are bodies lying in the hall
what's going on it's because we don't
use recruiter com actually that's
probably not true anymore actually now
we probably have started to use zip
recruiter comm because I noticed some
people we actually now have talented
intelligent people not on this show mind
you because this is the dumping ground
but we want to use zip recruiter calm
because zip recruiter comm helps you
hire people in a totally different way
they post your job to over 100 of the
web's leading job boards with just one
click and then what makes it different a
zip recruiter actively looks for the
most qualified candidates and invites
them to apply so instead of you going
out and finding the candidate zip
recruiter goes out and finds them for
you grabs them by the collar drags them
in
and says here's a job for you and
everything works out 80% of employees of
employers who post on zip recruiter get
a quality candidate through the site in
just one day a zip recruiter is the
smartest way to hire and right now my
listeners can post jobs unzip recruiter
for free that's right that's cheap right
that's that's even cheaper than money
that's free just go to zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire to try it for free go
to zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
don't let things like this show happen
to you you could get good people to work
for you we owe ya it's true its daily
wired which is not spelled cleveland's
you're on your own so you know again I
hate to keep getting diverted but so
many stutz so much stuff happened
yesterday was just fascinating to me
that football game the Georgia Bulldogs
again so there's the college champ now I
don't follow college football but
because I'm boycotting the NFL like
everybody else
I am Falak I got to get my football hit
so I went to the Georgia and it's the
Alabama tide the Crimson Tide and first
of all I you know I won't go in through
because I know some people are not that
fascinated football but the tide was way
behind they came back 13 points tied 2-2
23 seconds left got a fairly I won't
call it an easy field goal to kick and
they bring on this senior what was his
name and the Papa nostos and he misses
the kick in the last three seconds of
the game so it's 2020 and he goes out do
we have that just that brief clip of him
kicking I mean it wasn't he didn't just
miss it
maybe not but it be it what yeah it
wasn't he didn't just miss it he blew
the kick last three seconds and here's
this guy he's a senior he'll never I
mean all I could sit there I was just
sitting that poor guy cuz he is gonna
have to live with that forever but the
other thing that happened that was
really interesting interesting was that
Trump was introduced and he came out for
the national anthem and people are
trying to say well people were booing
but it doesn't sound like it to me it
sounds like the crowd went wild here's
just a little clip you can judge for
yourself
okay I said that's there was some booing
in there but they're really cheering for
him and they're trained for him because
you're coming up to the national anthem
of course the NFL which you know I've
always loved I love football I love
watching the NFL I have a hard time
following the college rankings that's
why I don't follow college football so I
avoid followed the NFL they are tanking
and they are now in a very exciting
postseason and nobody is watching their
ratings are further down than ever and I
like you know I say that I'm boycotting
them but it's not quite true I didn't
make a decision and say until they stand
up for the flag I'm gonna boycott them I
just the heart went out of me I don't
want to watch a game you know this is
America's game the NFL baseball these
are these are American games I don't
want to watch a game where they diss the
flag I just don't want to do it I can't
I cannot bring my heart to like focus on
the game when these guys look I disagree
with their protests but that's not the
problem they have the right to the
protest they have the right to their
opinion but that's not the way you do it
because what they're asking for are
American rights so don't this the
American flag what you're asking me to
kick
you're asking me to care about you as a
fellow American don't diss the American
flag it's it's self destructive it's not
helping your own cause what kills me
about this though is the NFL gets
together and they're thinking why are
our ratings dropping what is it you know
it must be injuries it's injuries to our
big players like Aaron Rodgers and all
this stuff and one guy says a director
of the University of Alabama sports
communication program I'd be stunned if
any single factor contributed more than
two percent to the ratings decline and
now a new survey finds that 33 percent
of NL fans have boycotted the league
because of the flag I mean what the
thing I'm trying to get to is we now
live in a world of two realities reality
and the news we live in a world of which
these in which these people you know who
give us the news give us entertainment
give us Hollywood they give us
Handmaid's Tale they give us football
they do all this stuff they are living
in a reality that is just them talking
to each other and the rest of
are living in the real world the rest of
us are living in the real world these
guys can not believe that they are
destroying their brand by letting these
guys diss the flag and again it's not
about their protests they have the right
to their opinions let their political
opinions just like you and me that's not
the point the point is you don't diss
the flag because that represents all of
us in all political stripes of all
political stripes of all political
opinions you don't diss the flag I mean
that's it's so so basic and nobody wants
to watch you make a million dollars
throwing a ball around if you're not
going to respect the country that is
supporting you so it's like this crazy
like this crazy world we now live in
where we keep saying to people you know
X Y Z and they kept saying man it's not
that it's like that joke you know like I
have a headache would take the nail out
of your forehead
yeah it's nothing now in my fart is
something else it is it's the nail in
your fart and one of the things we're
gonna talk to Molly about this when come
she comes on cuz she just wrote a really
good column about it is this idea that
Donald Trump is insane okay the Donald
Trump is insane and somehow the country
just happens to be running without him
now the reason I say that everything in
the end becomes the Andrew Clavin show
is because David Brooks one of the most
per blind writers at the New York Times
a former newspaper he's finally catching
on a little light has gone on in the
mind of the little mind of David Brooks
so let us take a trip to what I like to
call the op-ed page of the New York
Times or as I like to call it
knucklehead roe
so all day long all we heard was Donald
Trump is nuts
and he's need we needs to start thinking
about the 25th amendment we need to get
rid of him blow it all about you know
it's this nonsense this is stuff that
they talk about in the Beltway nobody
else believes it nobody else is gonna do
anything about it it's not gonna happen
it doesn't exist it's not a real thing
it's just something that's only
happening in the minds of these people
like the fact that 2% of their audience
at the NFL is being lost is not being is
being lost and has nothing to do with
the flag that's that kind of craziness
it's just in the minds of these people
David Brooks this little glimmer of
light now breaks through with the New
York Times here's what he says let me
start with three inconvenient
observations based on dozens of
conversations around Washington over the
past year first people who go into the
White House to have a meeting with
President Trump usually leave pleasantly
surprised they find that Trump is not a
raving madman they expected from his
tweet storms of the media coverage they
generally say that he's affable if
repetitive he runs a normal good meeting
and seems well-informed enough to get by
second people who work in the Trump
administration have wildly divergent
views about their boss some thinks he's
a deranged child as Michael Wolfe
reported in this new book fire in fury
but some think he's merely a distraction
they can work around something he is
strange but not impossible some
genuinely admire Trump many filter out
his crazy stuff and pretend it doesn't
exist my impression is that the Trump
administration is an unhappy place to
work because there's a lot of infighting
and often no direction from the top but
this is not an administration full of
people eating to invoke the 25th
amendment third the White House is
getting more professional imagine if
Trump didn't tweet the craziness of the
past weeks would be out of the way and
we see a white house that is briskly
pursuing its goals the shift in our
Pakistan policy the shift in our
offshore drilling policy the fruition of
our Isis policy the nomination for
judgeships and the formation of policies
on infrastructure Dhaka North Korea and
trade so in other words David Brooks is
suddenly noticing that things are going
rather well at the White House the
things and so maybe Trump is not out of
his mind maybe he's not so crazy the the
alternative theory that they're now
putting forward Ross do thought also at
knucklehead row put this forward also
Jonah Goldberg one of my favorite
writers put this for the idea
that essentially the White House is
being run in spite of Donald Trump in
spite of Donald Trump everybody's
running around getting stuff done and by
the way any place you work people think
they're getting stuff done in spite of
the boss that's true anyway is true here
it's true any place where everybody
always thinks yeah you know with as long
as we can get to keep the boss out of
the way we'll get the stuff that's
definitely true in the show on this show
particularly but this is this is like a
typical thing that people think in any
organization but obviously obviously the
smarter more Occam's razor simpler
explanation is that Donald Trump has
asked a otic governing style that has
served him well for 30 or 40 years it
has given him success and he keeps doing
this it's a little chaotic it's a little
bit you know always putting people off
against each other but it's not any
different than all these other
presidents you know Victor Davis Hanson
writes about the fact that Lyndon
Johnson used to walk around and expose
himself to his staff he used to talk to
people while he was on the toilet and
argue with him on the on the toilet John
Kennedy was banged so many of his
staffers that they would come in they
wouldn't be able to interrupt him with
important national security news because
he would be between two different women
at the same time I mean the boys would
spit a slightly chaotic place we just
used to hide it a little better but
Trump thrives on it so he's doing it so
I just before we we cut to Molly because
she has a lot to say about this and we
want to talk about it I just want to
show you though the craziness on both
sides because brian Stelter what did
they call him they call him something
like mr. Potato Head they have some
funny name for him cuz he's such a dope
he is now putting for this this
craziness idea and he's doing it like
he's never mentioned it before he's been
talking about it for a year and suddenly
he's gonna be brave he is gonna be brave
and speak truth to power is gonna come
out with it here's Stelter making his
case
maybe that wasn't the real bride slow
let's look at listen to the real
bridezilla the tiptoeing is over the
whispers are turning into shouts
president Trump's fitness for office is
now the top story in the country
reporters and some lawmakers are openly
talking about the president's mental
stability his health his competency now
partly that is because of this new
Michael Wolfe book you know Wolfe claims
the White House aides are united in the
belief that Trump is incapable of being
president but and here is the but
journalists are not judges or doctors
this is not a court or a hospital what
this moment needs from reporters is more
reporting not more speculating or
guessing or rumor mongering but more
real reporting of what's going on guy
rumor mongering is speculating while
calling for more reporting than less
rumor mongering mongering speculate but
lest we think lest we think that all the
craziness is on the left I have to play
Alex Jones reaction to brian Stelter
this is priceless
but just look at Stelter again put him
on screen I think this all the broadcast
should be is just a photo of skelter
smiling he wants to run your life he
wants to control every aspect he knows
he is a cowardly degenerate sack of anti
human trash
I pledged before my Heavenly Father
every way I can these people are the
literal demon spawn of the pit of hell
look at him and you know what he is
better than you keep letting him run
he runs her kids he runs the schools he
runs the banks this guy the spirit this
smiling leering devil
you can't see what is your enemy
all the narcissistic devil-worshiping
filth I see you enemy this show has
become like a little you know bored of
sanity floating in a but but you're
saying yes yes but why do you look so
great well it's because I work out
constantly and one of the ways that help
work you help you work out it's
Beachbody on demand that's an online
fitness streaming service gives you
unlimited access to a wide variety of
highly effective world-class workouts
personalized to meet your needs
Beachbody on demand also includes
extensive nutritional content all proven
to help people achieve their health and
fitness goals and one of the reasons I
like it is because I travel you can see
it on your phone you can see it on your
computer you can tap into all kinds of
great programs like p90x insanity if you
never tried p90x that'll wake you up
it's really something all you do to give
the service a try ok and get a free
trial membership if you text Andrew to
three oh three oh three oh on your phone
text Andrew to three oh three oh three
oh on your phone you get full access to
the entire platform for free all the
workouts and nutritional information for
free just text Andrew to three oh three
oh three oh Beachbody on demand you get
the workout you get the nutritional
stuff it really is an excellent service
and you can take it with you anywhere
you go one last ad before we get to
Molly that's Tuesday is the conversation
with me and Alicia you can ask any
question you want that is next Tuesday
right at 5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific
we got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube would come on over to the daily
wire.com and you can listen to the rest
of the show or subscribe and watch the
whole thing right there
all right can we bring Molly up so I can
actually there she is how you doing
Molly that senior editor of The
Federalist you are the best commentator
now Bar None on Fox News you're like his
little voice of sanity and reason that
keeps popping up every now and again
something to cling to it's you're really
doing a terrific job I have been talking
about these what now seem to me to be
two realities there seem to be the
reality of an administration that has a
tremendous has had a tremendously
successful first year in spite of all
the things I said about them all the
things everybody said about them they
really have achieved a lot you know the
defeat of Isis the appointment of great
judges the tax cut and all this and now
and you have a an alternative reality of
people talking about the fact that this
guy is insane you wrote a column today
calling this essentially a coup attempt
can you explain that well you know it's
you have to kind of put it all in
perspective which is people really have
been struggling to come to terms with
the reality that Donald Trump won and at
first it was all about how fake news had
duped people into voting for someone
that they wouldn't have voted for
otherwise and then we had that year of
Russia hysteria which I think everyone
kind of realizes is coming to nothing
and then as soon as everyone kind of
realized there was nothing to the Russia
scared now everybody in unison is going
back to this thing that they actually
have hit on throughout the year which is
Donald Trump needs to be removed through
the 25th amendment yeah
the 25th amendment is something for
people who are physically incapacitated
and but not dead or you know they're
they've been shot and they're in a coma
but they're not dead you know something
like this it was passed in fact after
JFK was shot and it's clearly not about
someone who behaves erratically has
behaved erratically for 40 years or is
not a rather radical yeah who everybody
knew was the way he is when they voted
for him but that's how it's kind of
being used now and it's and so there's
this drumbeat like well we have to get
rid of him through the 25th amendment
and it reminded me of this there was
that show 24 that was very popular and
they used the 25th amendment and they
won
they're mad at the president because
he's not
interventionist as they'd like him to be
and so they doused him through the 25th
amendment and I just think people should
know what we're talking about because
it's obviously not that people really
think that President Trump can't fulfill
the duties of his office they're just
still struggling because they don't like
him you know their strikes me though as
something and I don't want to sound like
Alex Jones I mean I was playing him
before and he's out of his mind at them
at the media but there is if there's
something strike me something I hate to
use this word but unpatriotic about this
continually browbeating the president
the United States who was duly elected
he is doing his job as there's nothing
that country's not falling apart
nobody's being dragged out of his home
for doing videos or or and nobody's know
reporters or having their phones tapped
or anything like that if there's
something there's something wrong with
going on everyday as a newsman as a
theoretical journalist and just
attacking the guy constantly or am i
over stadium I don't know I mean first
off I do think it's kind of funny that
the conspiracy theorist in chief is now
subjected to all these conspirators like
what fair enough around four years
claiming that he had evidence that
Barack Obama wasn't born in the country
that's ludicrous and it was wrong of him
to do it so it's kind of funny on the
other hand if you don't like that he was
doing stuff like that you shouldn't be
doing it yourself and that's what so
many people in the media are doing and
they therefore don't have good there
have a good means of speaking against
him when they are no better than he was
and it it is wrong to delegitimize a
president just because you don't like
him and what's weird is whereas on the
right you saw those d legitimization
attempts kind of in the fever swamps
although one of them was elected
president vividly it's just so weird to
see it among all these major media and
establishment people who are just no
better than he was and engaging in wild
conspiracy theories one of the things
that really startles me is when I get
out of LA and when I go around and talk
to people people are amazingly nuanced
and their views people who support from
say yeah I like him but I wish he shut
up on Twitter a little bit people who
hate him say you know I hate him but
he's done some good things and you know
I don't like his attitude but he's done
good things that that voice virtually
doesn't exist up for you that voice
virtually doesn't exist on them in the
media is that just because it doesn't
sell I actually don't understand this at
all I mean it has been over a year since
he was elected there are a lot of people
who are just not very well represented
in the media and I don't understand why
you don't have more people representing
that viewpoint or just you know people
who aren't completely enraged one way or
the other either you know there's
nothing wrong that he can do or
everything he does is worse than Hitler
it just seems like there's a lot of
middle ground it would be nice more in
that space so just talking about a
reality versus I can just to bring us
back to the reality what are you looking
to happen now what are you looking
forward to happening now in this
administration they had this great first
year they kind of put a cap on it with
the tax cuts where where do they go now
what is there left for them to do I
think that usually when you have a
presidency they get a lot done in their
first year and then it goes down from
there but I think this presidency might
be different because it was so chaotic
they really are a bunch of outsiders
Donald Trump was elected and almost like
a revolution but he didn't have an army
to come along with him so I have this
weird idea that maybe you'll just see
improvement after improvement I mean
those first few months really were
chaotic I mean it was pretty crazy but
they accomplished a lot and now I think
Congress has figured out how to work
with them now who knows what will happen
in the midterms so you you know maybe
they'll try and get a bunch done before
the impeachment happens but I don't know
I mean I could see it being this kind of
presidency where each year it gets
better and better through that final
eighth year and do you think that
there's any chance I mean there's some
stuff on the table that you would think
Democrats would be willing to compromise
on infrastructure certainly they usually
love infrastructure with it's you know
it's it's Union graft half the time and
and the even the daca thing where he
says you know give me the wall and I'll
give you doc I mean isn't that politics
as usual are they so far beyond that are
there
owners so dedicated to shutting down any
kind of compromise that there's no way
of moving forward on those things yeah I
think that the big fear that a lot of
conservatives had was that Donald Trump
would be elected and he'd come right out
of the gate being really progressive
with an infrastructure plan and whatnot
and had he done that I think he might
have gotten a lot of support from the
left but now they've decided that they
really do want to just move toward
impeachment and so all of next year all
of this year has to be about how he's
unfit and you can't work with him in any
way because if you work with him in any
way that means you're enabling him so
they might leave a bunch of stuff on the
table but on the daka fix I think that
they have a bigger plan than just daca
they actually just have a fundamentally
different view about immigration and
border control and border security and
enforcement and there was that leaked
memo that came out showing that for them
lacks immigration enforcement is a key
part of their electoral plan and so it
might be that they just say they care
about daca when really they care about
in general not having good border
security or enforcement I mean that does
make it very difficult to listen to
Chuck Schumer talk about the uselessness
of a wall when we've met we've never
seen anything from them anything to say
that there should be any kind of rule of
law at the border at all actually a few
years ago they all voted voted this
border fence at least which is not that
much different from a border wall so
they are on record actually claiming to
care about it but they never funded it
and so it is time I mean I actually just
wish we had a much better conversation
about immigration in general I'm a fan
of immigration but immigration you know
it's it's good for the country have a
lot of family who are immigrants and
people who are part of an immigrant
family they know better than anybody
that you want to have a coherent
sensible immigration policy and a lot of
what we're doing just doesn't make sense
and you know there are rules about being
a country and about sovereignty and it
would be nice if people just could talk
and that we could all openly come
together on a shared policy I mean this
thing that they announced yesterday
about how that temporary program for
victims of the earthquake in El Salvador
in 2001
I was coming to an end well yeah it's
kind of crazy that you let people live
here for 18 years and then tell them
that it's time to go because they have
until next year to get up at the same
time people should have been told at the
outset if that wasn't a temporary
program and there's just so much
deception to the American people and I
think people are kind of getting sick of
it
it seems that would Rihanna ask you a
little bit about the the Golden Globes
and Oprah but before I get to that I
you've used this word conversation in a
couple of times and I I sit and watch
the television and watch the news and
find myself incredibly frustrated that
there is is no such thing as a
conversation instead of having a
conversation about the rule of law for
instance versus you know being a
welcoming country we have a conversation
where we say you know you're hateful if
you don't want to have open borders
instead of having discussions about
anything it basically is always posed as
as hatred versus the left point of view
is that is there any way I mean is there
any way you see that changing is that's
something that we just have to live with
as the press essentially to me the press
has become part of the problem I mean
I'm a First Amendment purist I don't
believe in any restrictions on the press
whatsoever but it does seem to me that
the press has just become part of what
makes this country so difficult to
govern well I do think we have serious
problems with the people who make up our
press corps and how they're deciding to
do things I also think it's a problem
with us as a people though which is
there's a reason why in TV you don't
have people agreeing but fighting and
that's because people like to see fight
and they like to see you know you going
for the jugular with each other so we
need to improve ourselves and demand
higher things ourselves it's not like
this just happened in a vacuum
and and that they're forcing this on
people this is what people like to see
they like to see snark and sniping and
yelling and not people coming to
agreement yeah no I think that that
that's fair enough
III have to what I saw part of the
Golden Globes and I can barely I can
barely tolerate watching the people who
basically were silent for 30 years while
Harvey Weinstein you know preyed on
people coming out and having this kind
of self-righteous attitude
now by golly we're speaking out now that
we've gotten our Oscars and we've gotten
our million-dollar paychecks you know it
so it's now we're going to blame
essentially Donald Trump and America
when you see it when you see this
movement I mean is this something that
is just passing through is this a
witch-hunt that's passing through or is
there actually something in the air that
is changing in America's attitudes about
this I don't know I mean I think it's
funny that it started and everybody was
very it's not funny but it's interesting
that it started everybody was really
excited about it and then it turned out
that because so many powerful people are
liberals and it's not because liberals
are worse by human nature we all have
the same human nature but liberals
dominate the media and Hollywood and all
these exciting places where powerful
people were coming down and then all of
a sudden everybody kind of backed off
and I think the Golden Globes was
actually a great example of that they
were pretending that they were all
concerned about it they all wore black
which was stunningly brave are the
colors that they wear all the time but
you know then they put Oprah Winfrey up
and she gives this speech as if she
weren't if she wasn't someone who was
you know totally involved in this the
whole time I mean she was kissing him on
the cheek and introducing him to to his
prey and all this and it's it's just
it's so fake I know that I know that
Hollywood is by definition you know a
bunch of actors but it's just hard to
take them seriously in this know you I I
wonder - I've just noticed this
disconnect between the audience and the
people producing the entertainment I was
talking about the fact that the NFL can
not understand why their ratings have
gone down and they keep saying you know
it's it's got it's got to be something
besides this gigantic nail that says we
disrespect the flag in the center of our
forehead yeah and I think that the
movies are the same way I mean they're
giving awards the movies that nobody
sees and people like us who like the
movies we may go see them and praise
them but nobody's going to see movies
like Lady Bird or you know moonlight or
any of those you know those those are
pictures that essentially are unwatched
by the great greater public which used
to be what the movies were about I mean
PE it used to be that when you went to a
big movie everyone had seen it now it's
only the people in LA in New York who
watch these films at all that they
the awards so they've kind of lost touch
with us completely right and I think you
know they're seeing that in their
revenues and that they are having
struggling to make the same type of
money that they were on the other hand
you have all this Golden Age of
televisions stuff and people are you
know just technology changes and whatnot
but I used to be one of those people
that was proud to watch award shows I
liked watching them I've had fun I love
fashion and I love seeing things like
just it was fun and I you couldn't have
paid me to watch the other night and I'm
not one of these oh I don't like
Hollywood people I mean I have friends
who work there and I have always loved
it but I just don't feel like getting
lectured to without enough reason to
overcome the lecturing and there was not
enough reason to overcome it always
reminds me of that last scene of the
madness of King George where he says
smile and wave with the people that's
what we're here for
I say Molly hammy way the editor senior
editor at the Federalists commentator on
Fox News you continue to do a great job
Molly I appreciate your coming by hope
you come by again thank you yeah it's
it's frustrating you know the committee
to participate for any when I talk to
Molly or when I listen to her on the air
she's so common sensical you kind of
think like why can't everybody talk like
that you know I mean even though on the
other side it would be fine if she had
more left-wing views and she would speak
sensibly but you know the excellent
point about there being an irony of
Donald Trump getting caught up in
conspiracy theories that's the kind of
thing you never hear Trump supporters
say but it is a perfectly valid point
and really interesting uh here's a story
just talking about this dual reality the
reality of these people's imagination
the reality of reality the Committee to
Protect Journalists named President
Trump is the winner of its overall
achievement and undermining Global Press
Freedom Award in his press oppressors
Awards Monday and this is very simply
because Donald Trump has done absolutely
nothing turn of the press I mean there
are countries on this planet where if
you say the wrong thing there's a knock
on your door and nobody ever sees you
again mister you know Trump it does
attack the press and sometimes he's a
little excessive about it but we haven't
seen him for instance seeking warrants
to eavesdrops on journalists which Obama
did
so he could find out their sources
Obama's Justice Department did that to
James Rosen and Fox News you know we
don't see like video makers being carted
off in the middle of the night Obama was
famously famously closed off to the
press famously bullied them famously
called up whenever they said anything
that he didn't like Donald Trump doesn't
do any of this stuff he just openly
attacks them he openly fences with him
which seems to me to be you know part of
a free press he is as much right to free
speech as anybody else he has the bully
pulpit these guys are so thin-skinned
they're so small-minded
that really it it's them it is them they
are a threat to themselves simply by the
fact that they are say one side over and
over again it kind of legitimizes
arguments against them if they would let
other people speak if they would give
voice to all kinds of different people
nobody would be picking on them at all
you know then Donald Trump would you
know these guys are rocket fuel for guys
like Trump I used to say this of Rush
Limbaugh if the press were fair it
wouldn't be a Rush Limbaugh that stuff
is rocket fuel to guys like that I love
Rush I think he's one of the great
broadcasters of all time but I mean he
lives in the lies he lives on the lies
of the mainstream media all right let us
do some sexual follies
so I'm sure I have spoken before about
my most sexist theory this theory I have
that is most sexist and offensive and
I'll give it to again but before I do
let's just play a little bit at the end
of the Golden Globe Awards Oprah got up
and gave this presidential speech as
ringing thing little girls of America
unite you have nothing to lose but your
skirts I don't know why you know
whatever she was saying it's a new day
is dawning here is some of the crazy
reaction to that on the on the news
afterwards never seen the show of
solidarity from a group of women and the
men who support them and encourage them
extraordinary and then Oprah's speech
just was like the impact she gave a
master class in oratory they brought
Hollywood to its feet and the status quo
to its knees
it will be because of a lot of
magnificent women fighting hard to make
sure that they become the leaders who
take us to the time when nobody ever has
to say me to again it was very powerful
it was very impactful it was there's no
one else who does Oprah like Oprah Oprah
is the greatest communicator in
television of the last 50 years it's one
of the many things that Hollywood
admires her for they recognize that
Oprah is the best storyteller of her
generation and where that comes from is
this phenomenal ability to communicate
this amazing capacity for empathy and
for displaying it on television so
they're pushing her as the presidential
candidate right here's just to give you
the other side here's Trump's reaction
when he heard about this last week and
she had Donald Trump and my family is
very nice no I like Oprah
I don't think she's gonna run either by
the way and one of the reasons is is
because Donald Trump is a street fighter
and a mud slinger and Oprah's whole
persona is being a saint and the minute
the true since nobody is a saint the
minute any truth comes out about her
it's gonna bring her down to earth very
hard I don't think she's going to do it
either here's Mike here's my evil sexist
theory okay my evil sexist there is this
when a an organization when a industry
that is run by man and ruled by men
starts to be taken over by women it is
because the industry is over that aspect
of the industry is over there's not
because women bring it down it is
because the men create the industry men
go off and they do new things they take
risks
women don't take they invent stuff they
come up with fresh ideas and then the
women say well why don't we have that
but by the time you say why don't we
have that the industry is over so if you
notice that like there were no female
anchor women until anchor men became
obsolete
who cares what an anchor man says now
right there's no that used to be a big
position when back in the day of Walter
Cronkite that was a big authoritative
position by the time women came in and
started to be women anchor women nobody
cared what they say so now they're
saying they're gonna be women directors
they're gonna be women directors about
in the movies and have you noticed
movies are irrelevant movies are
irrelevant it's it's really it's really
very simple if you're listening and
obviously when I make these
generalizations they're generalizations
they're exceptions to the rule that
doesn't change the generalization being
true if you're listening to to 12-year
olds and one of them says you know what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna take undo all
these cardboard boxes I'm going to build
a ramp and then I'm gonna skateboard
down this ramp and take off and fly to
the moon are you listening to a girl or
a boy you're listening to a boy because
only a boy is stupid enough to do
something that obviously is gonna get
break every bone in his body but that is
the way that you invent industries
that's way invent video games that's way
that movies that's the way you invent TV
that's the way you invent Silicon Valley
so by the time women come along and
start to say you know we want a part of
this demanding a part of it not just
building stuff not just making stuff but
demanding a part of it they're being
given something politically they're
being given something they're not
earning it they're not taking it away
and that means that industry can is so
big and and has become so irrelevant
essentially to the the actual product
that it makes us become irrelevant it
can afford to give stuff away can afford
to say okay you can have a job too you
can have a job too so when you're
watching the movies and you start to
hear about the new female directors just
also pay attention to the box office
because nobody goes to see these movies
anymore the only movies they go to see
are superhero movies those are the only
tentpole movies make money at this point
the movie industry is over television
streaming is everything soon even that
will be over and it would be individual
guys making stuff on YouTube and putting
stuff out on
and things like that it's going to be a
much more democratized process they're
gonna there will be new technologies
those will be invented by governed by
men and when you hear women say we we
deserve a place at the table it'll be
because those industries are over most
sexist theory I have and should get me
anyplace else that would get me taken
off the air thank God I'm at the Daily
wire where we were just evil the mail
mailbag is tomorrow go on to the daily
wire.com subscribe support the evil
support the evil you know you want to
support the evil of the daily wire.com
subscribe hit the podcast button hit my
podcast send in your questions the
answers are guaranteed 100% correct and
will change your life
on occasion for the better I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike kameena hair and makeup is by
Joshua alvera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2017
