speaking your truth is the most powerful
tool we all have and I was specially
proud and inspired by all the women who
have felt strong enough and empowered
enough to speak up and not a shot of
Meryl Streep so I want tonight to
express gratitude to all the women who
have endured years of abuse and assault
because they like my mother had children
to feed and bills to pay and dreams to
pursue okay Oprah's great at this and
she and I'm sure she's really emotional
about this
you know I let's put this way because
I'm not captain emotion I've always get
suspicious of emotion on cue but I'm
sure she's really emotional about this
she had a really rough childhood did
Oprah Winfrey I'm sure that her mother
endured a lot of stuff
all that said that phrase speaking your
truth is so obnoxious and then say speak
your truth and have a shot of Meryl
Streep Meryl Streep like Harvey
Weinstein is a god Meryl Streep that's
that's how the press treat this okay
there's no such thing as your truth I've
said this a thousand times there's no
such thing as your truth there is the
truth and your opinion and when you say
speaking your truth that requires
evidence
okay evidence would be a good thing now
I believe women who make these
allegations as a general rule I do but I
have to weigh the evidence I have to
weigh how credible the women are
absolutely whether there are repeat
accusations I have to repeat that I have
to review the nature of the man I
actually have to look at the evidence on
all of these accusations but this phrase
speaking your truth needs to die and
needs to die slowly and horribly in the
torture chamber used in the Princess
Bride for Wesley okay it needs to die
that prays speaking your truth is just
garbage even people on the left are
recognizing that it undermines their
arguments to say that okay but that's
not the end of Oprah's Oprah's silly
okay there's a there's an again there's
a lot in the speech for like there is I
mean like sexual harassment bad right
I'm on the side of that if I've not been
clear about that I've been saying this
for months okay in four years and four
decades earlier higher career
