you're often regarded as a very
formidable speaker and have changed the
minds of many with facts and reason so
my question for you is have you ever had
your mind changed on a topic through
civil discourse and if so what are some
of these instances which particularly
stand out to you sure so the two that
come to mind particularly I would say
that the the issue of marijuana
legalization I've changed my mind on
over time that now
let me make clear that the experiences
that changed my nein we're not my mind
were not of the sort that you might
think I still think that smoking pot is
a complete waste of time kills brain
cells and is not a good idea as a human
but with all of that said the data the
data on the efficacy of government
regulation of marijuana or
criminalization of marijuana
demonstrates that it's been basically a
giant failure of a program and so there
I think that the data have have changed
my mind on that issue another area where
I think that the data I have changed my
mind somewhat but not completely is the
area believe it or not of global warming
not that I say that global warming is
entirely man-made or that the solution
to it is cap-and-trade but I think that
the data stack up in favor of the idea
that the climate is over time getting
warmer and also the man does have some
sort of impact on it now that again
doesn't state the solution this is where
it's really funny that a lot of folks on
the Left where I say yeah I think global
warming is happening I think the man's
activity has something to do with it and
people on the left are like you're a
denier Michael wait what I didn't deny
anything they say well what your denier
because you don't want cap-and-trade or
because you don't want massive
burdensome government regulations right
because my preferred solution is
technological advancement in this area
as well as investments into
infrastructure in different areas of the
country because it turns out the climate
has been changing pretty radically over
time for the past several billion years
and that human population patterns have
been changing for several million years
so that's a so you know that's where the
disconnect is but I whenever people
provide me data I try to at least think
through whether I think that you know
that that should impact my point of view
