the smoldering pile of rubble formerly
known as Steve Bannon has garnered a
strange new respect from a mainstream
media that used to call him everything
from a white supremacist Nazi to a white
supremacist Nazi then mainstream media
is not that creative but now because
Bannon made some completely unfounded
comments about a meeting he didn't
attend during a campaign he hadn't yet
joined the same news media suddenly
citing the president's former chief
strategist as an authority on meetings
he wasn't at during campaigns he hadn't
joined bannon's new mainstream media
role as a former white supremacist Nazi
turned Russia investigation Wiseman
follows the release of excerpts from a
new book by Michael Wolfe called fire
and fury inside the Trump White House
which confirms every prejudice the media
has about the Trump administration it's
chaos he's stupid everything is out of
control
he's senile it's chaos he's stupid he's
insane it's chaos he's stupid in fact
the media is so excited by the book they
haven't taken the ten minutes it takes
to realize that the excerpts released so
far are complete crap you might even say
the fire and fury signifies nothing
except they told me to stop making
Shakespeare jokes because no one gets
them anyway the book does seem to be a
tale told by an idiot or at least by a
guy who doesn't do the simplest
fact-checking but that's the thing in
creating an atmosphere of chaos and
stupidity you don't have to get the
facts right you just have to make an
impression and then keep referring back
to the impression I'll show you what I
mean
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
there's a we need also sing see Topsy
the Zipit easing its
all right the amazing alternator John
Nolte is here from Breitbart he will be
with us in a little while I always love
talking to Nolte he has been more right
about everything than just about anybody
and he's one of the best observers of
the media possibly because he despises
them so much and this is this has been a
tough week for me I hope it hasn't come
across I've had the flu it's been a
little difficult to power through like
Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton is my
inspiration I've been powering through
like Hillary but I hope that's been
right but now the clayvin this weekend
is upon us so please please do not just
suffer the clave on this weekend don't
just sit there passively go to iTunes
and get another Kingdom on the these
fictional thriller fantasy that I've
done with Michael Knowles performing it
I wrote it Michael Knowles performs it
it really it's got it's gotten over 1500
5-star reviews now it is just it's been
doing really well we suspended it it's
for Christmas but it's got three
episodes left three episodes were all
this left so go on now get the you know
after the show of course and get the
opening episodes and listen to the first
ten and the last three are coming up
starting tomorrow so that's another
Kingdom you can get wherever you get
your podcast also here's here's a
question you all have to ask you know
you're supposed to brush your teeth for
two minutes twice a day but do you don't
lie to me don't look at me like yeah you
I can't believe you even tried to get
away with that of course you don't I do
I do you know why because I use an
electric toothbrush and the electric
toothbrushes really help you to brush
the two minutes a day that you're
supposed to brush the problem with them
is they're all so huge they are just
enormous and when you try to take them
on holiday they basically arrest you at
the TSA for trying to bring a weapon on
on the plane not though not if you use
quick because qyp are sleek they're
small they're battery operated so you
don't need a charger they are really
beautifully designed they're kind of
like an Apple as if Apple had designed a
toothbrush and it just makes it easier
to do what you're supposed to do to keep
your teeth in your head looking great
and so if you want to get quip that is
that is a really good way to do the
stuff you're supposed to plus you can
also get a subscription plan that will
give give you new brush heads on the
dentist recommended three months
schedule for just five dollars including
free shipping worldwide clip is backed
by a network of over 10,000 dental
professionals including dentists
hygienists and dental students it packs
just the right amount of vibrations into
an ultra slim design design with guiding
pulses to simplify better brushing at a
fraction of the cost of these big
bulkier brushes kripp starts just 25
bucks and right now when you go to get
quick comm slash Clavin how do you spell
it it's que la VA n get quick comm slash
Clavin you get your first refill pack
for free with a quip electric toothbrush
so that's your first refill pack free at
get quip comm slash Clavin spell it GE t
qu IP comm slash Clavin it really is a
better way to brush and they're really
nice they're nice-looking too so that's
a that's a good thing as well I got a I
have to talk about this story because
this book came out and obviously we just
got to cover it it was breaking while we
were on the air we just got the cover of
the very last minute but it's based
around this the publication promo
release of some excerpts of this book by
Michael Wolfe called the fire and the
fury the what's called the fire and the
fury the inside the Trump White House
that's what it is and the thing is I
read the excerpt I read an interview the
guy gave and the book is garbage I mean
I you know I haven't spread the whole
book so maybe there's wonderful
wonderful stuff buried in there but I
can't believe the way the media reacted
to this thing now we have to the one
thing we have to say is listen I love
politics and I'm a novelist and politics
is like a big novel being which is
playing out in front of you you never
know what's gonna happen next god only
surprised got all these characters all
these big personalities and all this and
this is a great political story this
Steve Bannon thing is a great political
story because he was at the center of
the males from yesterday and I'll get to
back to that but you shouldn't think you
shouldn't confuse it with an important
story it's fun if you're not if you
don't enjoy politics you shouldn't
follow politics I said to a friend of
mine over
break I said you know anybody who loses
a friend over American politics doesn't
know anything about American politics
because most of our American politics is
just going back and forth and getting
utterly hysterical over absolutely
nothing and this is one of those stories
it really doesn't matter what Steve bet
what happens to Steve Bannon next it's
but it is fascinating and it's worth
looking at but what does matter what
does matter is the way the media treats
it because they are selling a narrative
and when I go back to New York I can
tell you every single one of my
left-wing relatives and friends is gonna
think that this story is the absolute
truth and I'm gonna show you how easy it
is how easy it is to debunk this thing
so Michael Wolfe famously Manoj on put
horace writes about this a little bit he
just had a column as I was driving into
work he said What did he say about wolf
that that wolf has a lifelong habit of
weaving solid reporting with errant
speculation well listen to some of this
stuff okay
um the big one of course from the book
is bannon's take on the June 2016
meeting involving Trump's son Donald Jr
son-in-law Jared Kushner who was then
and then the campaign chairman Paul mana
Ford and the Russian lawyer Natalya
vessel mitts kaya we all remember this
this was they were shouting treason
every mainstream media guy was shouting
treason and apparently it was this kind
of nothing meeting they probably
shouldn't have had it but nothing really
came of it so Bannon says and this is
the big quote the three senior guys in
the campaign thought it was a good idea
to meet with a foreign government inside
Trump Tower in the conference room on
the 25th floor with no lawyers even if
you thought that this was not treasonous
or unpatriotic or bad Blanc and I happen
to think is all of that so it was
treasonous unpatriotic me you should
have called the FBI immediately the
chance that Don junior did not walk
these jiu Mo's up to his father's office
on the 26th floor is zero okay now let's
think about this
ban enjoined the Trump campaign in
August so that's two months later right
two and a half months later he wasn't at
this meeting he wasn't in the in the
campaign he doesn't know what he's
talking I mean he
is his knowledge is the same as mine or
yours you know he doesn't know what he's
talking about now I want to play the
media reacting to and this remember this
is Steve Bannon who they hate more than
they hate anybody I mean they would
rather eat off Hitler we're in you know
in the government than Steve ban and
remember how they just hated him and now
suddenly Bannon is talking about a
meeting he wasn't at two and a half
months before he's in the campaign
listen to this media reaction welcome to
a dumpster fire for the White House or
shall we call it bannon's Rebellion the
Russia investigation has been blown open
in dramatic fashion what it really does
is as you put it it really legitimizes
from Trump world that this Russia
investigation is real so why would
anybody question the legitimacy of the
coverage of the Russia investigation
when we have Steve ban and talking you
know let's face it it's kind of a
blowhard
right he's a guy who talks in these very
very elaborate very overdramatic terms
talking about a meeting he was not at in
a campaign he wasn't involved in I mean
this is just random commentary it's like
anybody could have said this and it's
and it's Bannon who they hate and it's
Bannon who just lost Alabama to the five
Democrats in Alabama I mean it's bad who
has just incredibly has made these
incredible miscalculations but suddenly
suddenly so they asked Sara Sanders
about this the the presidential
spokeswoman and she made what is of
course a Rito talir easin appoint if
this is obviously a ridiculous
accusation and one that I'm pretty sure
we've addressed many times from here
before and if that's in reference to
comments made by mr. Bannon I'd refer
you back to the ones that he made
previously on 60 minutes where he called
the collusion with Russia about this
president a total farce so I think I
would look back at that if anybody's
been inconsistent it's been him
certainly hasn't been the President or
this administration I mean I mean it's a
this is a perfectly reasonable point I
mean you know that you know prosecutors
and trial always say we're lying then or
are you
now wellhere's Bannon this is not the 60
Minutes won this is an interview he gave
what the New York Times the 60 Minutes
won this you references is also true he
did say that but here's one from the New
York Times cut - I think the collusion
thing is and I said from day one is a
joke we couldn't I was there we couldn't
collude we had a tough time colluding
between the Trump campaign in
Pennsylvania and the RNC so again which
is is it a joke is it a farce or is it
treason you know I mean if he says both
things don't we have to question but the
question is why didn't wolf ask why
didn't wolf you know compare this say
you know yeah he says this to me but he
said this here isn't that what you would
do if you were I mean like I I write
novels I make up false stories for a
living even I would say oh this doesn't
make said this is not jiving with
something you know that that happens on
page 15 is what is not jiving with
something happens on page 30 so the idea
of this book apparently is that the
Trump campaign was a campaign to lose
that they never expected to win so here
is a take out of this out of this
excerpt from New York Magazine as the
campaign came to an end Trump himself
was sanguine his ultimate goal after all
had never been to win now you all know
Donald Trump and you know that he
doesn't care about winning you know so
why you he just he just shrugs that
stuff off he doesn't care about winning
at all he says I can be the most famous
man in the world he had told his aide
sam nunn Berg at the outset of the race
his longtime friend Roger Ailes the
former head of Fox News like to say that
if you want a career in television first
run for president now Trump encouraged
by Ailes was floating rumors about a
Trump network that's true he did do that
and he did probably think he was gonna
lose at some point but that he was
running to lose very doubtful it was a
great future he would come out of this
campaign Trump assured Ailes with a far
more powerful brand and untold
opportunities and now a lot of this is
coming from Bannon who by the way had
already given an interview to another
guy named Josh green who wrote a book
called devil's bargain in which Bannon
portrays himself as as the far-seeing
prophet who knows who's the only one who
knows the Trump is going to win in that
book he says Bannon came to Trump and
Trump loved how Bannon an avid reader of
history fitted Trump's campaign into the
broader sweep of history for years
Bannon had tracked and occasionally
abetted the right-wing populist uprising
sweep
across Europe and Great Britain where
others saw where others saw Trump's
campaign is a joke or an ego trip Bannon
framed it is the inevitable US
manifestation of these same forces and
Trump as the avatar of an us-versus-them
populism that would galvanize an
electoral majority to rise up and smash
the corrupt establishment so in bannon's
old telling of this in bannon's telling
of this in the book devil's bargain by
Josh green banning very much thought
that we're going to win and I think that
that as they approach if you take a lot
of the stuff in Wolf's excerpt out of if
you put it back into context what you're
listening to is people who thought well
look if we don't win we'll still have a
network will still be famous you know
kind of telling themselves it's not as
bad as they think but they they were out
there to win there's just no question
about it
okay so which one is right let's take
that this is the most telling part of
the whole thing listen to this the day
after the election this is from Wolf's
excerpt the bare-bones transition team
that had been up during the campaign
hurriedly shifted from Washington to
Trump Tower and that he's portraying
them as absolutely shocked that they won
and they didn't know and and Melania is
crying because he'd been promised they
were gonna lose and all this stuff the
building now the headquarters of a
populist revolution suddenly seem like
an alien spaceship on Fifth Avenue
but it's otherworldly air helped obscure
the fact that few in Trump's inner
circle with their overnight
responsibility for assembling a
government had any relevant experience
this by the way is certainly true it's
certainly true that the opening of the
Trump administration was chaotic this
inexperienced showed their inexperience
ales a veteran of the Nixon Reagan and
Bush 41 administration's tried to
impress on Trump the need to create a
White House structure that could serve
and protect him you need an sob as your
chief of staff he told Trump and you
need an sob who knows Washington you
want to be or you'll want to be your own
son sob but you don't know Washington
Ailes had a suggestion John Boehner who
had stepped down the Speaker of the
House only a year earlier who's that
asked Trump that's how dumb and ignorant
trend this is a big theme how ignorant
Trump was well the problem is here's a
picture we have the image of Trump
here's a picture taken in 2013 of Trump
and John Boehner so this is now three
years
for it golfing he's got a golf club in
his hand and here's another shot a video
of Trump asking question answering
questions about John Boehner two months
before the story is supposed to have
taken place Peter's resignation today
we're actually happy about that how do
you feel well I think it's time I mean
it's really time for him he's a lot of
problems we got to get the country going
and I think it really is time do you
think it's a good thing for the party
I think right now it is this tremendous
division in the party and I think right
now having him go is a good thing for
the party yes Trumpton know who John
Boehner and absurd so you say okay
that's a small detail but you're writing
a book about the President of the United
States right and you're telling an
anecdote it's like the anecdote about
how he removed the ML case bust from the
Oval Office as a meaningful anecdote
about how ignorant this guy is and a
novelist me googled it and in 15 seconds
realized the story had wasn't true
okay so you have a non-fiction book
coming out about the President of the
United States saying the guy is so
ignorant so stupid so clueless that he
didn't even know who the last Speaker of
the House is which is absurd Trump
follows cable TV night and day and you
don't even check it you really really
and and you go in and now we go on TV
and say oh here's this new book and it's
so excited it's absurd it is absurd and
let me go on to this other piece that he
wrote because he's a Michael Wolff
writes for The Hollywood Reporter's
where he wrote a piece about how he got
this and by the way let me know when
we've got Nolte know oh we got him okay
all right I wonder let me rush through
this because I don't want to keep John
waiting but I do want to I just want to
say this first that he says first he
says this is how I got in he says after
the election I proposed to Trump that I
come to the White House and report an
inside story for later publication
journalistically as a fly on the wall
which he seemed to misconstrue as a
request for a job and I said no I just
like to watch and write a book and he
kind of shrugged this off since the new
White House was often uncertain about
what the president meant or did not mean
in any given utterance his non
disapproval became a kind of passport
for me to hang around checking in each
week at the hay-adams Hotel making
appointments with various senior
staffers who put my name in the system
and then wandering across the street to
the White House and plunking myself down
day after day on a West Wing couch I'm
not even sure I believe this bar but
let's say it's true let's say it's true
so now he says this is his description
of the President of the United States in
his first days everybody was painfully
aware of the increasing pace of his
repetitions it used to be inside of 30
minutes it used to be inside of 30
minutes he'd repeat word-for-word an
expression for expression the same three
stories now it was within 10 minutes
within 10 minutes he would repeat
word-for-word an expression for
expression the same three stories indeed
many of his tweets with a product of his
repetitions he just couldn't stop saying
something and just stop for a minute
okay
you are Sherlock Holmes how do you know
that's not true you know it's not true
because you've seen Donald Trump speak
for 45 minutes off-the-cuff just last
October he did it on the White House
lawn you seemed talk to reporters off
the cuff for 45 minutes and a dress all
their questions until they got tired of
asking questions where does this guy
it's a fantasy
it's a fantasy the other day he get it
did a interview with the New York Times
they printed you know excerpts from the
transcript there was none of that there
was none of it what does it come and go
when he's suddenly you know in when he's
when he's outside in the real world he
doesn't do it but when he's inside
Michael Wolf's imagination suddenly he
starts to do it this book is nonsense
and it's the guy has done a great shot
I'm a writer yeah I would never take
away from a writer to promote his book
you know good for him he's promoting his
book I'm sure it'll be a best-seller but
it's nonsense I mean the stuff that we
have heard so far does not hold water it
doesn't pass the smell test and so what
we saw yesterday was Steve man and
mouthing off a guy who we already know
has made incredible political
miscalculations in Alabama he's just
made another one because the three
things that Steve Bennett had were Trump
he had Trump he had Breitbart and he had
the Mercer Mercer money he's apparently
lost the Mercer money although Drudge
says maybe he's got a new billionaire to
fund him now he's lost Trump because
Trump has taken
two pieces well we have John Nolte from
Breitbart well we'll ask him how things
are going there although I I know he
won't he's a loyal guy and I know he
won't say anything he's not supposed to
but let's bring him on anyway John Nolte
one of the best observers of the media
out there only because he despises them
and that's my back makes him accurate I
mean that formerly formerly of The Daily
wire but stopped us in the back and
returned to breakpoint it's great to see
you happy new year thank you thank you
very much
you know I I know it's listening you are
one of the few people in the business I
consider a true friend you I know you're
not gonna stab anybody in the back but I
do have to ask you about the smoldering
pile of rubble who used to be your your
boss it Steve no I I mean what is going
on at Breitbart because bright byte has
been covering this pretty straight they
have not taken the man in line this is
early yeah we have we've been we
definitely covered it straight Alex
Marlow our editor in chief has made it
clear that we're gonna cover this
straight we're not gonna miss anything
just about an hour ago request went up
for about six pieces about this so
that's definitely what we're doing it's
a it's the biggest story it's the
biggest political story I mean it's all
Castle intrigue but I sad to report
actually I'm glad to report I don't know
anything more than anyone else does
which is the way I like it I don't I
don't I don't know anything about the
drudge tweets I don't know if he's if he
knows something I don't know I don't
know if he's trying to manipulate events
both are possible I just I don't know
and I don't know the other thing I don't
know is if is is abandoned really said
these things I mean the you know the
White House is disputing the book but
they seem to be taking the ban and stuff
at gospel so I don't know if he said
these things if he said them speaking
how to turn that way is not a good thing
obviously but if the president popped
off and automatically believes the
mainstream media that's not a good thing
either
so as with all things drunk you just
have to give these things a few days to
sort of work themselves out before you
get too emotionally invested
because the media lies and there's
usually a lot more context and a lot
more truth that comes out over time then
we just we just have to wait and see
what happens I gotta say I'm shocked at
the I'm not shocked but I'm well I'm not
sure what the word is I'm amazed I guess
is the right word at the shoddy
reporting on this I mean I read the
excerpts a day and I I just picked it
apart on the air I could pick it apart
for another 20 minutes it's not very
good reporting and it's it's stuff
that's provably untrue but these chaos
narratives and Michael Wolf's probably
been working on this book a long time
these chaos narratives they had a little
cachet before we really understood
everything that was that the Trump was
accomplishing and not just passing the
tax thing at the end of the year but
there were there's a lot of huge
accomplishments within this
administration and that judges good
judges a record number of judges opening
these pipelines the deregulation just
all kinds of it's like a conservative
wish list
George W Bush would have done and he
didn't do and I just don't see how he's
portraying the White House is toxically
chaotic and dysfunctional and it just
doesn't that doesn't pass the results
the results are very real and concrete
so I don't know and they I mean they
that all the stuff you mentioned plus
the fact that Isis which had 23,000
square miles of territory is now
operating out of a port asan you know I
mean that's it was an amazing year and
as somebody I mean you were on to Trump
right away and we I've always said this
I was not I really disliked him but he
is what he won me over by the end of the
year I was sitting there going like if
you're not enjoying this you're not
really a conservative I mean this is
like this you know I remember Reagan
this is a better year than Reagan had
you know I mean rated Reagan's here was
after he left office and the Soviet
Union collapsed that was his best year
but this is this has been an amazing
year of accomplishments and the idea
that he sits around and repeats himself
and all this we see him on TV he doesn't
do that
he's he is the best politician I have
ever seen and I
used to say that about Barack Obama it's
not I'm not being biased Barack Obama is
a brilliant politician just terrible at
governing yeah he hates America but
Trump is a brilliant politician because
he's a brilliant communicator and these
things Barack Obama is sober and no
drama Obama and he was a catastrophe for
this country overseas was a catastrophe
internally he put his boot on the neck
of the economy and we're supposed to
believe that Trump is a blithering moron
and that the White House is a clown show
and yet he's turned the economy around
and he deserves all the credit for that
huh he is he is passed major ledges and
it's not just the tax bill that passed
they're gonna open up the Arctic
wildlife reserve Anwar for drilling and
unless you were alive in 1995 you don't
you can't imagine how big of a deal with
that is because that was a huge deal
back then and he overturned the the
Obamacare mandate another there's a huge
deal I mean this is this this is a man
of accomplishment this is a a
consequential president and and I think
the timing hurts wolf a lot because
maybe the chaos narrative would have
worked three months ago two months ago
but I don't think it's gonna work today
because it just doesn't make any sense
yeah you know what if he is that chaotic
that's all my presidents okay yeah
exactly it's a governing it's a
governing technique in that case it's
absolutely absolutely right and it is it
is really interesting I mean you you
have been brutal not just on the media
because the media certainly deserves it
but you have been brutal to the
nevertrump errs you you basically I mean
I always had some sympathy I because I
didn't I was never a never Trump er but
I was so put off by his manner when he
started out that that I have sympathy
with them but you basically don't give
them any quarter you feel that they are
not being good Americans basically I
think they're flat-out saboteurs I think
that's what they're I think they're
Vichy Republicans they run to the
mainstream media they undermine Trump is
the guy taking flaming arrows in the
back for our cause and all and they and
they lied to us they said he was
conservative well that's a lie because
he's more conservative than any of the
guys they wanted to give us Mitt Romney
didn't even want to get out of the climb
of the court so he's more conservative
than McCain he's more conservative than
Romney he's more conservative of the
George W he appears to be a hell of a
lot more capable and competent than
those three or George HW and so they
lied about that they were dead wrong
about that but they don't have the
decency to say that and then they run
around to the media and they the guy
taking flaming arrows in the back to get
our cause into law and they're
undermining him they're sabotaging him
in the mainstream media and I I think
it's despicable I think it's not
American and and they can all burn they
can all die in a fire but tell us how
you really think you really feel so
let's there - well you know I
ya know I I think that I think these the
sad thing is that they have missed one
of the I mean about halfway through the
year I started to turn I started to say
oh you know this is really going pretty
well even before the tax thing tax thing
was to me dispositive that was just like
that was a legislative accomplishment in
the first year but still even before
that I started to say you know things
are actually going pretty well and they
missed it they missed one of the great
gleeful conservative years in American
history and that's that's a shame that's
that's too bad the mainstream media and
obviously at this point I you know I can
barely believe the stuff that's coming
out of their mouths but when I go to New
York when I visit my left-wing friends
my left-wing relatives they buy it all I
you you are such a good observer of
these guys do you feel that they're
losing any traction at all any
credibility at all I mean all this stuff
about you know net neutrality was going
to destroy the world the tax bill is
going to destroy the room surely at some
point people look out this this happened
to me during the Reagan administration
when all I heard was he was gonna start
a nuclear war he was an idiot he was a
movie actor he was stupid
and then one day I look
I thought isn't that the Berlin Wall
coming down you know and I thought you
know maybe maybe they were wrong and he
was right and that was the beginning of
my changeover to conservatism do you
think that that's gonna happen to people
now or do you think the mainstream
media's still got its hooks in pretty
deep I think that with with the media
they've gone all-in on Bob Mueller and
that's what everybody's pinning their
hopes on is that Mueller is gonna dig up
something and then they've also gone in
on Russian collusion and I think we all
know that that's pretty much dead unless
something's happening we don't know
about the break but there just wasn't
any Russian collusion and but but it's
it's gonna come down to what it always
comes down to and that's the economy
everything's gonna come down to the
economy and I think the economy is gonna
roar I don't think I said Obama put his
boot on the neck of the Obama could have
had this economy because when you the
worst the recession the better the
recovery and he put his boot on the neck
of the economy and now Trump remove that
boot and he talks it up and he's making
all the right moves and now the economy
is gonna boom and if Trump could keep us
out of stupid Wars and I think he's
going to I mean look what he's done with
Isis without putting a single boot on
the extra boot on the ground and of
course our military got to give credit
for that but if the economy booms and he
can keep us out of the stupid war for
the first time in 20 20 years in
September 11th and people under the age
of 30 don't even remember this right
we're gonna have peace and prosperity in
this country I mean the 80s and 90s in
America were a miracle they were amazing
time to be alive it's as good as life
gets and I think Trump can bring those
times back if the economy roars like I
think it's going to I think he's pretty
much untouchable and we're always gonna
be a 50/50 country but I think that's
gonna be enough that he's that he's
gonna survive and win re-election so
let's let's looking back this year and I
mean this is a question I have to ask in
a way is there are the things that you
are disappointed in you know you you
really back this guy to the hilt the
other ways the Trump disappointed you he
does in my opinion and maybe he's got a
grander strategy at work he does in my
opinion create drama hmm what
you know when you look back at the 80s
and 90s there was drama there was the
work here and there was iran-contra
there was a peach meant and Hillary care
and all that stuff and I but it was
absent flows and then a life would go
back to normal and then something would
happen the OJ the daily right so I don't
wanna pretend it was all sunshine and
roses but with Trump it's constant drama
constant roar and it's not all his fault
and most of its on defense but in
example and I don't think it was a
sexist tweet because he says this about
the guys but that tweet he said about
Christian Gillibrand the senator the
Democrats senator it sounded you could
turn that tweet into a sexist tweet and
he I just wish you would think about
those things because then it's three
days of nonsense and then we all know
him that he says the same thing about
the guys so by definition it's not
sexist but those of us who defend him
are like no we got to do this now I got
to defend him over this and he should be
defended over it but I would like to see
him create less drama at least the least
amount of drama that he can that would
help a lot and that's gonna help a lot
if it when it comes to his reelection
because people I think they're tired of
the drama you know I compare him all the
time - Randall Patrick McMurphy and One
Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest that it
sometimes takes a kind of an outlaw to
break the the soft tyranny that justice
ends on people without their even
knowing it and I think that's very sir
unfortunately I think that all these
things go together like I don't think
you can take that part of Trump away and
get the good parts of Trump it's just
it's just something that seems to be all
one big thing what what are you looking
forward to 2018 what the what makes you
giddy well I I'm really hoping this just
came across the news today that he's
gonna be able to open up the states for
health insurance because that would be a
huge huge deal open up the market get
more free market into health insurance
and I think it would also help to
undercut Obamacare and anything that
undercuts Obamacare is God's work and
you know the other thing is on the
horizon is I think there's your here
all these rumblings about a big sexual
harassment scandal in Congress so I'm
curious how that's gonna play out mmm
but I think Trump is just gonna keep
doing what he's doing is gonna talk up
the economy he uses the bully pulpit
yep brilliantly and I hope he goes out
in campaigns cuz he needs to get his
base revved up and I hope that he you
know I think that he's gonna keep doing
everything he can to keep the ax-cut
he's you know best to think he's not
dumb all this Russia stuff all this
never Trump stuff his I was always on
the ball of the economy he knows that
that's what that's all that matters is
the economy and and I think he's gonna
keep doing that he'll feel surprises too
I think other conservative things are
gonna come down that we never expected
and he'll surprise us like he did
through our last year it is it is funny
about the economy one of the things you
know they're always trying as they
always try to portray every Republican
is racist one of the things I really
like about Trump is that Trump just
feels like whether you're black or white
you need a job and and he feels that
like black people are gonna love him
because they'll have jobs and you know
Latinos will love them because they'll
have jobs and he just thinks that that's
gonna be enough to get past the identity
politics thing I don't know how right he
is but he I think it's kind of touching
that he feels that way and you go back
to the 80s and 90s and we weren't
divided like we are now yeah and that's
because I'm not I'm just I'm talking
analytically I'd hope I don't sound like
some old man being nostalgic but if you
go back and you look at the we were
nowhere near as divided we as we are now
racially or among economic or gender
lines because things were good life was
good in this country everybody you
didn't have to worry about anything you
weren't stressed out and that's another
thing is that if the economy can get
better people black lives matter is
gonna dissipate because the heat they're
gonna have nothing to complain about it
I think Obama intentionally enjoyed the
fact that the economy was bad because he
knew it created stresses that he could
uses his hands up don't shoot lies as
George Zimmerman Trayvon Martin lives to
divide us and that's what he was that's
what he wanted to do it of course the
media was on the side and I think you're
right I think Trump understands if you
get the economy going I mean the the
Hispanic
employment right now is that
unemployment rate is at a record low the
black unemployment rate I think is that
a 17-year low and that's gonna do more
for those populations plus getting the
illegals out of here because I don't
raise jobs that'll increase jobs I'll
increase wages all of that stuff he gets
it he his eye is on the big picture and
the media and even Bob Mueller they
can't they can't override it a good
economy John Nolte is always great to
talk to you I hope you'll come back on
again soon I really only time I get to
see you anyway anymore so and you know
if you want to read Nolte he's at
Breitbart calm and he just write his
stuff on the media is so good and so
accurate and he knows exactly what
they're done talking about all the time
you know you know in a lot of ways you
could look at the history of this
country for the last few years few
decades as everything was the Reagan
economy basically until 9/11 and then
9/11 changed everything Bush overreacted
went too big in his response he wanted
to transform the Middle East it was a
worthy goal but he didn't have the
wherewithal to pull it off and he didn't
really have the the vision to pull it
off and Obama just he does not like
America he doesn't like and he wanted to
fundamentally transform America from the
most powerful you know freest country
wealthiest country on earth to what he
almost made it
and I think Nolte's right if Trump can
bring us back to the kind of 80s and 90s
of it all we could have another great 25
30 year-old run and you know I always
say people call a 25 30 year-old run
they say it's a bubble I think like yeah
it's also a third of a lifetime you know
it's like that is more more than a third
of the lifetime so you can have a pretty
good good life with those bubbles all
right let's do some stuff I like the end
the end the week you know this is the
this is the time when if you're in one
of the show business guilds or unions
you start to get at the end of last year
like in December you start to get what
they call screeners which are free DVDs
where you can watch a movie the movies
that you missed and then you can vote
for them
or so on the writers guild so I can I
get them for that and so I started I've
started watching some of them so I just
thought I'd report on a couple of them I
saw this picture Lady Bird will finally
which just got such great reviews it's
by a woman named Greta Gerwig who works
with Noah Baumbach who did the squid in
the whale which is a very very powerful
anti divorce statement in my opinion a
very strangely conservative film this is
this also is a strangely conservative
film and it's it's it's pretty good you
know my wife said to me we watched it
together and my wife said she was
surprised i watch it cuz it was girly
but I didn't find it girly because it's
completely unsentimental it is a story
about a young girl it's about a girl in
Catholic school and it is about you know
it shows her as being kind of a pain in
the neck and kind of annoying but she
has this really interesting relationship
with her mom who is living under great
financial stress you know and and is
constantly picking on this girl because
she has girl dreams you know she has
dreams of being something more than she
is so here's a brief cut who plays the
it's Laurie Metcalf was a wonderful
wonderful actress who plays the mom and
and she has this argument at the very
opening of the movie as they're driving
in the car to go to school I want to go
where culture is like oh you're gonna
research or at least Connecticut or New
Hampshire where writers live in the wind
of those schools anyway mom can't even
pass your driver's studies you wouldn't
let me practice why don't you work or
though or the way that you don't work
you're not even worth state tuition
Christine my name is Lady Bird well
actually it's not and it's ridiculous
like restate you watch you should just
go to City College you know with your
work ethic just go to City College and
then to jail and then back to City
College and then maybe you'd learn to
pull yourself up and not expect
everybody every
she just throws herself out of the car
the opening scene in the movie it it's
it's quite entertaining and quite
gripping I didn't find it great I don't
think it's a great movie I mean I don't
think they really make great movies
nowadays they it's not it's not big
enough it's just a tiny little film it I
was touched though by its kind of
old-fashioned values I mean it's sort of
it's sort of centers her in this
Catholic world that you realize as the
movie goes on is really the best thing
about her for life and it's kind of
symbolized by the fact that her name is
Christine is the you know a female
version of Christ and she doesn't want
to be called that she wants to be called
ladybird and that battle is sort of part
of the whole theme of the movie anyway
really worth watching I would say you
know on on DVD another one I've watched
so far as Molly's game with Jessica
Chastain this is by Aaron Sorkin
everybody knows Aaron Sorkin right he's
the one writer in Hollywood that
everybody knows he's a guy wrote The
West Wing created the West Wing easy you
know I came a I'm probably one of the
first people to become really aware of
Aaron Sorkin because he's from what
became his movie a few good men was a
Broadway play before it was a movie and
I saw it on Broadway and I remember
thinking wow this is a really talented
shallow guy and and that's what I
remember thinking that as I watched the
play and I think he's still talented I
think he's less shallow I think as he's
grown older he's become a little bit
richer this problem with this movie it's
really well written and Aaron Sorkin
does a really good job with it and
Jessica Chastain is good actress and
interest Elba's and it was one of the
best actors around I love watching him
hey it's a hundred and thirty three
minutes long and anybody who just looked
at the description would say yeah bring
this in and I'll give you an hour and 45
minutes you know bring it in an hour for
why they let him do this movie that just
goes on and on and on I have no idea I
mean because this has a lot of good
stuff in it but it's just too long but
too long by 40 minutes however however I
do not know if Kevin Costner can win an
Academy Award but he turns in a small
performance in this as Molly's father's
about a girl who
wants to be a Olympic skier but gets
terribly injured never he gets that wish
and ends up running a high-stakes poker
game and gets arrested you know for
breaking the law and it's about her
story she goes forward it's been tailed
backward and forward in time and he
plays her father her hard-driving
psychiatrist father and he is so good in
this movie Kevin Costner can be kind of
a lazy actor sometimes like he he shows
up and you get the feeling he doesn't
run you know all right I was to give a
performance but when he turns up man he
is great and he turns up in spades and
this and this is wonderful scene where
he shows up at the moment of crisis and
he's a therapist and he offers to give
her three-minute therapy
have you found a pulse yeah just sitting
behind my watch I can see you're getting
warmed up but I really don't have the
emotional bandwidth to defend my as
usual irresponsible behavior I know I
got your email I get that I'm not
welcome in your life right now as your
father though you should know I could
get welcome or not but I'm not here in
my capacity as your father I'm
indifferent to whether your father if
zordar's I'm a very expensive therapist
and I'm here to give you one free
session you think what I need right now
is a therapist and he gives her a
three-minute therapy session and he says
it's wonderful how quick this goes when
you're not charging by the hour
anyway it's you know if you got more
than two hours to spend I wish I could
just recommend it and say sit and enjoy
it but it's just too long you know I
mean you you don't get that 40 minutes
back at the end of your life so you know
it's got some great stuff in it and
Kevin Costner is he is just amazing but
I want to talk about stuff I like and
here's the thing I want to recommend to
you there is a show on the History
Channel making absolutely no splash
whatsoever called nightfall and it's
it's I've only see I've seen the first
episodes which I guess are like three or
four episodes it's produced by jeremy
rhymer dominic Minghella but it's such
an interesting thing it's about the end
of the Templars which is one of the most
dramatic stories in medieval history
under the Knights Templar were destroyed
by the king you know in a charge with
all kinds of you know homosexuality and
stuff like this but what it really is is
it's the story of the Holy Grail from
the King Arthur myth pushed up from
whenever that mythical time of Arthurian
legend is into the 13th 14th century
when this happened so all the characters
there Gowen is there and gala not
Galahad yeah Galahad Galahad is in it I
mean all the characters from the Holy
Grail are there the Queen is having an
affair and the King you know just like
in King Arthur and the lead guy who's
named Sir Landry is essentially Sir
Lancelot
it's just a weird weird thing that they
take that myth and then push it onto
this historical thing I have to say so
far they have treated the Christianity
of the Knights with great respect and
not you know not endorsing it not it's
not a Christian story but they've
treated it with great respect they have
not romanticized the Saracens the
Muslims in the Crusades and all this so
I really have appreciated that I don't
know where it's going because I haven't
seen enough of it but it's really fun it
is really fun really well-written here
is a brief promo that they put out for
every man has two sides the man he wants
to be
no heretics no keys defiance by Carl
Andrey I cannot allow it I decide what
is best for Franz and I am Franz
she's mad so am I so you so is everyone
lead men
that's it's a good promo and it also I
just have to plug this woman Olivia Ross
who plays Queen Joan she plays the Queen
in it she is so beautiful and so sexy
she's a Shakespearean actress that
nobody's ever heard of until now and she
is an absolute revelation she's just
such a joy just to look at her and but
she's also a really good actress alright
another Kingdom will take you through
tomorrow another the first of the last
three episodes of another Kingdom comes
out tomorrow it will get you through one
part of the clayvin this weekend then
you're on your own
however we will be back on Monday so
gather here if you survive
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover technical producer austin
stevens edited by alex zingaro audio is
mixed by mike kameena
hair and makeup is by Joshua Albuera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
