hey we've got to deal with a breaking
story you know on Drudge today there was
a preview from the guardian of this new
book that's coming out by Michael Wolfe
and it has Steve Bannon going off on
Trump and saying that this meeting that
you know Trump jr. who is gonna take
with a Russian was treason and all this
stuff and and Trump has really been kind
of going at Trump Bannen has been really
going off the reservation on Trump and
Trump has been uncharacteristically
restrained in responding you know
because Bannon I remember we said we
said before when Bannon supported a guy
against Trump who then lost Alabama very
very strong questions about his
competence
you know everybody with been and always
focuses on his ideology and his ideas
but as I said then that very very
powerful questions about his competence
came up you cannot lose Alabama to the
Democrats it's almost impossible to do
it and yet Bannon helped do it well
Donald Trump has just run out of
patience apparently and he just released
a statement saying Steve Bannon has
nothing to do with me or my presidency
when he was fired he not only lost his
job he lost his mind
Steve was a staffer who worked for me
after I had already won the nomination
by defeating 17 candidates often
described as the most talented field
ever assembled in the Republican Party
all of this is true by the way you know
just just saying
now that he is on his own Steve is
learning that winning isn't as easy as I
make it look this guy really I got a guy
you want to be on his wrong side I guess
Steve had very little to do with our
historic victory which was delivered by
the forgotten men and women of this
country it's Steve had everything to do
with the loss of a Senate seat in
Alabama held for more than 30 years by
Republicans Steve doesn't represent my
base he's only in it for himself where
this is brutal
Steve pretends to be at war with the
media which he calls the opposition
party and he spent his time at the White
House leaking false information to the
media to make himself seem far more
important than he was that is the only
thing he does well Steve has rarely in a
one-on-one meeting was rarely in a
one-on-one meeting with me and only
tends to have had influence to fool a
few people with no access and no clue
whom he helped write phony books we have
many great Republican members of
Congress and candidates who are very
supportive of the make America great
agenda again agenda like me they love
the United States of America and are
helping to finally take our country back
and build it up rather than simply
seeking to burn it all down well you
know the Trump you know I'm not really
surprised I'm a little surprised that
Trump waited so long to unleash that but
you know Trump is also looking ahead to
the 2018 elections that that he and he
doesn't want Bannon going around you
know mona Charen had a hilarious tweet
yesterday mona Sharon from National
Review she said something like MIT
Romney may run for the open seat than
that orrin hatch is retiring and so MIT
Romney may run for that open Senate seat
and mona Charen said but Steve Bannon is
canvassing prisons and madhouse for
candidates so you know Donald Trump is
looking forward and thinking like I do
not want this guy losing any more of my
majority than I have to lose in these
2018 elections so this now we've got you
know abandoned was always signing these
letters hashtagwar well now he's got
himself a war and I don't think this is
a war that Bannon can win I think if he
goes up against Donald Trump you know oh
the only thing that Bannon has really
going for me as the Breitbart site and
he has the money from the Mercer's and
if the money from the Mercer's goes away
if they sucked start to think that they
backed the wrong horse Bannon is just
gonna have a website like everybody else
everybody has a website it's not gonna
really do him much good it was Trump who
really made that website explode the way
it did so this is gonna be really this
is interesting good interesting
political style
