so you've come out against the writers
in Charlottesville and all their
violence and bigotry the leaders of the
Charlottesville rally were empowered by
the rhetoric and agenda of Donald Trump
and a lot of his associates as they've
come out the vice documentary and
claimed you've not only said
controversial things but you've had a
couple attacks against the trans
community transphobic attacks even your
call for the transfer of Palestinians
which I don't know if you've read acted
that ya rejected that like eight nine
years ago but even with that do you feel
that a lot of your speech could incite
the same kind of violence I mean you
heard my speech tonight do you feel in
my speech couldn't say violence I mean I
mean that I mean that seriously honestly
I feel that it for me as an individual
isn't but I could see how a lot of your
points I really disagreed with I
literally have a list of and this and
that's fine I mean that's the good part
right where we disagree and we can have
a conversation just was wondering in
terms of and what I mean by inciting
violence is encouraging the same people
who believe in like your transphobic
beliefs even that like homophobia is a
sin based on your religious beliefs do
you believe that because of what you say
you can encourage a lot of people to act
on those so I have a very strong
standard with regard to incitement and
I'm very consistent about this if I'm
not telling somebody to commit violence
I am NOT inciting them to violence I've
held the standard for Barack Obama when
he was saying anti police things and
then somebody went shot up some police
officers in Dallas I said it's not
Barack Obama's fault when a Bernie
Sanders supporter went and shot up a
congressional baseball game I said
that's not Bernie Sanders his fault
because Bernie Sanders wasn't calling
for that political debate requires that
you talk to people and people take your
words as what they mean not as an excuse
to go and do violence I have never
called for violence nor would I as far
as the idea that my words are some sort
of attack a violent attack for example
on folks who are transgender my view I
know but I'm responding to the people
who are not you who might say that okay
so so the idea that I am transphobic for
example this is this is a bizarre kind
of attack in the sense that I don't know
that I've ever exhibited phobia of Fran
people I'm not afraid of trans people is
more along the lines of disagree against
so I think that I think that yeah I
actually I actually think that your
first characterization was right I think
the transphobia is really disagreement
with the basic principle that the trans
community is trying to prove a which is
that people's sex is malleable that
people can move from male to female and
that it is my job objectively to now
call them the name they wish to be
called and to teach my children that men
can be women and women can be men I
fundamentally disagree with that point
now with that said is everybody in the
United States entitled to the same right
of course but you're right does not
extend to forcing me to call you what
you want me to call you that's not the
way this works that violates my freedom
of speech so in interpersonal
relationships if I were out to dinner
with a trans person when I make a point
of noting their proper biological sex no
because that would be impolite when I'm
talking about the general principle of
is a man a woman or as a woman a man the
answer is I will say that a man is a man
and a woman is a woman and he is a he
and if she is a she and if I'm in a
public debate with somebody I always say
the same thing I wasn't trying to say
disagreement I was relating it to the
same definition of homophobia which is
presidents or presidents or I tried to
say discrimination right I think that
again homophobia there there are some
people who actively there are some
people who actively want to do violence
to people who are gay right I mean
though those people are not me or
anybody that I agree with obviously I've
never at any point in my entire career
ever advocated violence god forbid
against anybody in a civilized society
that's not something that I believe them
and I think it's evil as far as as far
as I think again your original
definition of transphobia actually is
better applied here as well I think it's
disagreement with certain principles
that the homosexual community
I wish is - I know and I'm saying and
I'm saying and I'm saying that I agree
with your original definition and not
your and not your definition so they so
the definition they write so and I think
that definition is wrong and I think
that the one that you Freudian slipped
was right I'm saying based on like the
institution of
I don't want to say the institution of
Google because that's a natural thing to
say but in terms of as soon as you
search transphobia homophobia this is
what kind of right and I think feel like
even though you're disagreeing with
transphobic with with the trans
community which I believe we all have
our own disagreements I'm asking do you
feel that the fact that with your
disagreement you're inherently through
the institutions that have provided
these definitions discriminating against
trans community and I'm saying I did say
guys encouraging so here's what I'm
saying I disagree whether either their
definition is wrong or it's overly broad
in its application so if the idea is
that if I say a man is a man and a woman
as a woman is inherently transphobic
that's not discrimination that's
disagreement if they say that's
discrimination they're overly applying I
don't know I think when you say like
they're mentally ill like that well give
something Trent I have said and I will
continue to maintain the gender
dysphoria or gender identity disorder
whichever DSM you choose to use is a
mental illness
and again and again god forbid that it
should be set with any animus because
this is not said with animus when people
are suffering these are clearly folks or
suffering when people are suffering you
shouldn't be saying stuff with animus
I'm not saying that as a gotchu to
people who are transgender the point
that I'm making is that when a society
begins treating folks who have mental
illness as though they are representing
an objective reality they are doing no
service to the people who actually
suffer from a mental illness my
grandfather suffered from schizophrenia
paranoid schizophrenia he was
institutionalized
if the doctors had said to him Nate
you're fine we believe that the radio is
actually talking to you that is not a
service to him that would that have been
terrible for him all right they put him
in an institution they gave him lithium
and it helped now I'm not saying there's
even a great solution for folks who have
gender identity disorder or gender
dysphoria because the solutions that
I've seen including transgender surgery
are not intensely effective from all the
studies that I've seen it's a tragic
tragic situation but the solution is not
to redefine as a society what sex means
along anti biological lines as far as
the homophobia point it's my own
religious belief about the sinful nature
of particular people's behavior should
have no impact on how you act in in a
free country or or how you think it's a
free country do what the hell you want
right there's religious Ben which is
what I think is sinful which is Jews who
violate Sabbath right Jews who eat
shellfish right there's a lot of things
that we think are sinful in Judaism
right and then there's the stuff where
do what you want because it's a free
country I think people do a lot of
sinful stuff all the time and I'm not
calling them on it I think the people
who are living together outside of
marriage are sinning according to my
traditional religious beliefs it's a
free country do what you want so when
people say homophobia I think what they
are doing is saying you disagree with me
I've never called for violence and not
only that I'm in favor of legalization
of same-sex marriage in the sense I want
the government completely out of
marriage right I don't want the
government in the marriage business at
all so
so it's very so the I think that what
bothers me is when folks assume that a
disagreement means that they can ascribe
animus anger hatred wish for violence to
me well the Charlottesville riders were
garbage people I mean I did two full
episodes on how garbage the Charlie
Wright I mean this has been really great
actually I have this yeah but I think I
was the number one target of the alright
in 2016 according to a defamation but
what I what I what I really wanted to
understand was because you have such a
large platform I mean even through
Twitter through social media through
your website through your just all your
work like do you not claim I don't know
of any particular cases where someone
has said ben shapiro told me to
literally go murder a trans person or
someone who and if they did they would
be lying yeah I just wanted to write and
if they did they would be lying and I
would think that in again anybody who
commits acts of violence or evil in my
name is a violent evil person and I hope
that Santa for everyone but they I
really appreciate you coming out it
really means a lot to me thank you
