well there's nothing like a little
presidential truly to make the press run
in circles shrieking like hens who have
been trained at hen school to run in
circles and shriek at a little
presidential troll Rhee anyone who's
paid attention to this president
understands that he uses his belligerent
New York sense of humor to tease and
annoy anyone he finds to be a puffed up
fake or blowhard whether it's Kim
jong-un the Iranian mullahs or brian
Stelter at CNN but the press doesn't
seem to get the joke for one thing it's
hard for them to see Trump clearly
without removing their heads from the
bottom 12 inches of their lower
intestines and for another thing if they
grant the Trump uses humour and insult
strategically they might have to admit
that the reason he beat their favored
gangster lady of a candidate in the last
election the reason he achieved more
that was good for America in his first
year in office than the last president
ever achieved and the reason his poll
numbers have begun climbing despite
their relentless negative coverage is
that he's smarter than they are which is
actually pretty funny in and of itself
on Monday during his New Year's address
brutal stinky pants fat boy kim
jeong-hoon of north korea told his
starving people quote the entire
mainland of the u.s. is within the range
of our nuclear weapons and the nuclear
button is always on the desk of my
office they should accurately be aware
that this is not a threat but a reality
yesterday Trump hilariously tweeted back
North Korean leader Kim jong-un just
stated that the nuclear button is on his
desk at all times will someone from his
depleted and food starve regime please
inform him that I too have a nuclear
button but it is a much bigger and more
powerful one than his and my button
works the result it was her reign a
reign of hellfire and death that left
two continents leveled to ruins under a
reign of radioactive ash no I'm actually
joking
so maybe Jake Tapper and brian Stelter
and anderson cooper can come out from
under their desks now and take their
heads out of their asses as well trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right its mailbag day in which all
your questions will be answered with a
hundred percent accuracy I mean how
often does that happen how you know how
many times does that happened in your
life this will change your life and it's
possible it will change your life for
the better you have to experiment you
have to be brave and experiment and find
out meanwhile it's the new year so
you've probably made some new year's
resolutions I actually don't make new
year's resolutions I make new year's
plans I do make a list of things that I
hope to accomplish in the new year but I
don't really make resolutions because
they're very breakable but if you do
make resolutions a lot of people do and
actually people we always joke about the
fact that you know people make
resolutions and they break them but
that's because they make resolutions
about things that they're probably not
gonna be able to do like diet which is
not good for you anyway you know I
should just change your eating habits
altogether you know those are the kinds
of things you you you don't follow
through on but the kind of things you do
follow through and I think our plans and
if you have plans and you want to extend
like one of the things I'd like to do in
this coming year is I'd like to learn
how to play the piano you know I have a
keyboard and I want to hook it up and
get some lessons and the thing that can
really help you with this is Skillshare
because Skillshare is a on learn learn
it's an online one I still have a little
bit of flu here folks Skillshare is an
online learning platform with over
18,000 classes in design businesses
Technic business technology and more and
what they are they're just a series of
classes that you watch the videos and an
expert in the field will explain to you
things that you can do to help you
develop a new skill or approach a new
business or just even learn a hobby that
you want to learn I've tested them out
just so I could do the ads I tested them
out by
about writing and I found their advice
really good really helpful I mean
obviously it was stuff that I knew
because I'd been in the business a long
time but that was really helpful and
then when Knowles and I did another
Kingdom when we put another Kingdom up I
actually got to the point where I was we
would face so many obstacles and so many
things that went wrong I actually went
to Skillshare and started to uh you know
ask it about get lessons on doing a
podcast now I know I do this podcast but
a lot of this podcast is taken care of
and this was something we all had to do
from scratch and it was really helpful
it's really good stuff and just in time
for the new year and your resolution
skill fair skill share is offering my
listeners a limited time offer of three
months of skill share for just 99 cents
pretty good deal 99 cents which comes
out to about a buck to sign up go to
skill share calm slash Andrew 99 that's
how you know they know that you're
coming from us and there you're looking
at this offer and that is very helpful
to us as well because it keeps the
lights on and some of us some of you
guys probably get paid nah maybe I I
can't imagine why but some of these
people get paid and it really helps if
our sponsors stay with us and they stay
with us because you sign up or go to
Skillshare comm slash andrew 99 and
check out this deal Skillshare dot-com /
andrew 99 and you get three months of
Skillshare for only 99 cents act now for
the special New Year's offer and start
learning today and it's just you know
it's worth it just to go through the
videos and try them out I really enjoy
them and I thought they were very
helpful so Trump starts off the second
year of his presidency with a tweet
storm that shook the world but also more
importantly it made me laugh I mean the
guy he obviously knows how to dominate
news cycles and he sets the agenda and
he gets he's also getting serious work
done and the reaction of the media is
kind of telling especially when you look
back I'll we're gonna look back a little
bit at some of the stuff that Ronald
Reagan did and the way the media reacted
to that and just compare and contrast
because some of this the same thing is
going on but let's just take a look at
some of these tweets he puts out he
firstly put out this tweet about how
we're spending all this money for
giving aid to Pakistan and Pakistan is
not helping us with terrorists and this
is this is a big deal you know I keep I
keep hearing these commentators it's
amazing the level of comment of
commentary on mainstream news shows that
is so ill-informed I mean you know in
Pakistan the security services are
riddled laced with Islamists okay so
this is a place where is Islamism is
very very embedded in the government
culture and there's a lot of problems
there and so when we want that help with
you know there there on the border of
Afghanistan there all actual on the
border with what's called the Fatah the
federally administered tribal areas
which are just basically the badlands
between Afghanistan and Pakistan and
they have we need their help sometimes
to get in there and they haven't given
up to it to us and they let the
terrorists the Taliban recede into the
Fatah so during the winter months so
they can come back in the spring and
kill people and the problem is of course
Afghanistan has been there for it yeah
Afghanistan is a prehistoric country I
mean I've been in Afghanistan and you
stand in their places where you just
expect to see Jurassic Park come at you
do you expect to see like a
Tyrannosaurus Rex coming over the cliff
because it looks like no civilized life
has ever gone there and so we're there
and I don't know why we're there I got
to be honest I do not know I came back
from Afghanistan realizing that it was
the stupidest war in the world because
there's nothing we can do what we do is
we go into these villages and we you
know spend money and the money goes to
graph then the money disappears and
vanishes into the corrupt system and
then the minute we pull out of the
villages the Taliban comes back out of
the Fatah and out of the hills and out
of the caves and the people know if they
cooperate with us they're gonna be
killed you know and we can't stay there
forever and keep them going and
Afghanistan has been there for a long
time they call it the graveyard of
Empires for a reason so Trump has been
tweeting that Pakistan isn't helping us
and he says it's not only Pakistan that
we pay billions of dollars to for
nothing but also many other countries
and others as an example we pay the
Palestinians hundreds of millions of
dollars a year and get no appreciation
or respect they don't even want to
negotiate
a long overdue peace treaty with Israel
we've taken Jerusalem the toughest part
of the negotiation off the table but
Israel for that would have had to pay
more but with the Palestinians no longer
willing to talk peace why should we make
any of these massive future payments to
them so this is like troller ii of the
first you know water serene because the
thing is obviously aid is a weird thing
because we give aid to these horrible
people in these horrible countries and
the only thing we really get out of them
sometimes is that they don't take aid
from our enemies so that's that's it
you know that is essentially what we're
doing is we're paying blackmail we're
paying ransom to keep them on our not
even on our side but to keep them from
playing ball with our enemies so so
that's one tweet and then he comes out
like almost in with the next brac I will
be announcing the most dishonest and
corrupt media Wars of the year on Monday
at five o'clock subjects will cover
dishonesty and bad reporting in various
categories from the fake news media stay
tuned now I just want to say one thing
please let me be a presenter at these
awards I haven't asked this
administration for anything all I want
is to go to these awards and deliver the
the prize for the most dishonest and
corrupt and Media Awards of the year I
mean that I would even be I would like
to be the host I would like to be the
Bob Hope of the most dishonest me doing
so of course this so anyway going on
then he goes on crooked Hillary
Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin has been
accused of disregarding basic security
protocols he put classified passwords
into the hands of foreign agents
remember sailors pictures on a submarine
jail deep State Justice Department must
finally act also on Comey and others so
this is just goes on I mean it was just
a storm it plus this thing with North
Korea you know where he just basically
told this guy you know yeah you're gonna
blow us up we will blow you up so fast
it doesn't matter so let's just take a
look at the measured reaction of our you
know big minds in the news media let's
start with brian Stelter and Anderson
Cooper on CNN this is number one what's
on the president's mind we know what's
on the president's mind sixteen tweets
today to start the new year some of them
deeply disturbing right I mean
considering how the New York has
what does this say about the Year
madness and I think we should start to
call it that shouldn't we you know when
President Trump was inaugurated last
January some writers some columnist like
Andrew Sullivan started right away to
raise concerns about the president's
mental health about his fitness for
office in the months that followed we
saw Republican senators like Jeff Flake
bring these issues up try to ask about
his fitness for office bob Corker
another name that comes to mind i think
we could apply a test to his sixteen
tweets today the test would be if this
were the leader of this were the leader
of Germany or China or Brazil what would
we say how would we cover these tweets
we would say these are the messages from
a person who is not well from a leader
who is not fit for office so he's so
once again we go back to this this old
line that the press has been promoting
since the election the Trump is out of
his mind that he's crazy is you know and
it's just it's madness it's madness it's
all it's all madness and if this was
some other guy that you know but it's
not I mean that's the thing it's Trump
talking being Trump and talking like
like Trump so I want to go back it's in
1984 to a very famous incident Ronald
Reagan was about to make his weekly
address and he did a Mic Check and he
made the following joke as I guess cut
seven outlawed Russia forever and we
begin by and this is the height of the
Cold War right this is where the Cold
War crisis begins
I was working I believe in ABC News at
the time this happened and the press
went in sane it was as if he had
launched an actual nuclear strike and
the the New York Times the New York and
you know Reagan you have to understand
that Reagan is where the press began its
journey into dishonesty okay up until
this time there was kind of a consensus
in America that we were kind of a
liberal middle-of-the-road right kind of
economically right-wing but socially
slowly liberalizing country everybody
was fighting over the 50-yard line
but it was always gonna be Democrats
we're gonna essentially win and push the
ball further the ratchet only turned one
way and when Reagan won just like with
Trump there was such shock that I really
do believe that something clicked in the
minds of our journalists and they said
we will never let this happen again and
it was from that moment that the press
really became just an agent of the
Democrat Party it was just essentially
that there was one party of truth and
one party of hatred the Democrats were
the party of truth they Reagan and the
Republicans with a party of hatred and
they just went to war here's the New
York Times which he then was an actual
newspaper it had not yet become a former
newspaper the New York Times reacting to
what you just heard that nine second
joke President Reagan's gaffe about
bombing the Soviet Union has risked
tarnishing his recent foreign policy
advances and undercutting deliberate
efforts by the administration to put him
in a better position in this area for
the election campaign in response to a
formal Soviet statement calling the
president's remark unprecedented ly
hostile toward the Soviet Union the
State Department accused Moscow today of
blowing the subject way out of
proportion but in private high officials
and some Republican strategists
acknowledge that they winced over the
remark by the president last Saturday so
the people in the office and one of the
traits of people who work for the
president is a very quickly begin to
think that they're smarter than the
president happens in every presidency so
they start saying oh this after working
for months to show him in a more
conciliatory stance and to put the onus
on Moscow for chi'lan reiation in
relations some officials were concerned
that he had unintentionally touched off
new uneasiness in Western Europe and had
done political damage at home is a
nine-second joke okay and one of the
associates who unnamed said I'm sure
there's no one who regrets this more and
is kicking himself more than Ronald
Reagan okay and same today with with
Trump media I reporting on Axios said as
president Donald Trump's testy
back-and-forth with Kim jong-un reached
a climax last night some White House
officials are reportedly concerned that
the president will accidentally
instigate a war with the North Korean
leader due to his reckless Twitter
habits right this is what
you know there's anybody does anybody
really believe that kim jungnam is gonna
set off a rocket because of this you
know it's SNL Saturday Night Live that a
very funny skit on Ronald Reagan and it
was hostile it was all about you know
Reagan and iran-contra and the scandal
and all this but the joke was that
Reagan looks like an idiot in front of
the press because that's what the press
saw but behind the scenes he was an evil
mastermind there's play just play a
little bit of this because it really is
hilarious well this is your that's good
as saleslady
maybe I could use you up on the Capitol
here yeah it was nice music come on
right gana stand needs more money
we've got sixty five point three million
tucked away in Zurich now if we hold it
there for another 30 days at seven to
eight thousand dollars two hundred and
eighty-five if we take out only twenty
million let's see thank you so much I
just concluded a very lucrative deal
with the Iraqis mr. president it just
occurred to me what if something should
happen to you you're the only one who
knows what's going on and that's the way
it's going to stay the funny thing about
the thing that maybe is so funny was
there's actually truth to this if you
take out the evil the fact that he's an
evil genius and all this stuff the
actual truth about this was that the
joke was intentional he I'm sure that
Reagan knew that Mike was live I mean he
was an old-time radio hand he knew
exactly what he was doing he knew that
the mic might be live if nothing else he
was letting the Soviet Union know in as
he continually did that they had no
moral leg to stand on he was making fun
of them he was making fun of the fact
that they were you know bearish warlike
and and blustering people and he wasn't
going to take them seriously what he
wasn't afraid of them and the same thing
is true about Donald Trump in this clown
in North Korea the one thing this guy
depends on is people taking him
seriously and acting as if he's a
dangerous threat and he may in fact be a
dangerous threat but why do you think
the one thing that drove him so nuts
that drove the North Koreans so nuts was
when they put
that movie the interview remember the
movie the interview and they forced it
was Sony I believe they forced them to
just release it online because they were
afraid of releasing it in theaters and
why why did they you know why nevermind
the cowardice of the studio in that case
but why were they do they take because
didn't take him seriously it didn't take
him seriously and that is Trump's
strategy and he's doing it on purpose
and if Trump is not good at gauging his
opponents and defeating them through
that through knowing who they are and he
explained to me where the other 16
Republican candidates are who tried to
beat him for the presidency and by the
way one Democrat who also didn't beat
him for the day if he didn't know you
know people keep saying he got lucky and
stumbled into the presidency he saw his
moment he saw his moment he knew what
who he could beat and he knew how and
he's doing the same exact thing here is
play a moment from this this thing this
is what dictators are afraid of this is
what they're afraid of more than
anything else is jokes and here's this
just a scene from the interview where
James Franco and the dictator in North
Korea bond over Katy Perry
caper oh oh I know my wife must have as
I've never heard this before name I love
Katy Perry baby you're a fire
come on show you were I loved it I mean
I had this um I was this all the time
what do you mean I love her well I
really like her because she has such a
strong message for young women and girls
it's a so empowering you know Dave
sometimes I feel like a plastic bag
drifting through the wind one thing to
start the game do you think that
margaritas are gay you couldn't sleep
did someone tell you that that
margaritas are gay
no it's just a question I have like in
Katy Perry and drinking margaritas is
gay who wants to be straight not me are
great and whoever planted that in your
head is crazy
that's what dictators are afraid of a no
kidding and Trump knows it and that's
what he's doing
hey you know if you want to be more
informed about history in a entertaining
way there's a new podcast coming out
from wonder II called American History
tellers it starts today and you can go
to subscribe to American history tellers
on Apple podcasts wherever you listen to
podcasts where you're listening to as I
know another Kingdom you know you want
to go and download American history
tellers it is this fellow named Lindsey
Graham and no it's not that Lindsey
Graham he is a guy who's fascinated with
history and he teams up with PhD
historians to bring you a new take on
history telling he takes the first
person's perspective and it has sound
design it really gets you kind of into
the the history I've listened to the
first episode and it really is
entertaining and entertaining way in the
first six episodes for the new series
cover the Cold War and so this is
something like you just shouldn't forget
this stuff because this is something
that really a lot of the patterns
that developed during the Cold War are
repeating themselves today and you
really will learn a lot the show starts
today January 3rd you can start
listening to the first episode right now
check out American history tellers on
Apple podcasts wherever you listen to
podcasts and subscribe American history
tellers subscribe today really
entertaining a way to learn stuff and
it's just it's just it's nice to have an
easy way where you suddenly know this
stuff and you're not like walking blind
because remember the opponents are
opponents let us call them that our
opponents depend on our ignorance they
depend on us not knowing what happened
in the past so this is a really good way
to find out we got a break from YouTube
and from Facebook the mailbag is coming
up how can you how can you just sit
there how can you just sit there when
you're all your problems could be solved
come on over to the Daily wire calm and
subscribe you can watch the whole show
if you're a subscriber for allows you
ten bucks a month you can watch the
whole show right on the website and you
won't be cast out into the exterior
darkness where there is great wailing
and gnashing of teeth hey we've got to
deal with a breaking story you know on
Drudge today there was a preview from
the guardian of this new book that's
coming out by Michael Wolfe and it has
Steve Bannon going off on Trump and
saying that this meeting that you know
Trump jr. who is gonna take with a
Russian was treason and all this stuff
and and Trump has really been kind of
going at Trump Bannen has been really
going off the reservation on Trump and
Trump has been uncharacteristically
restrained in responding you know
because Bannon I remember we said we
said before when Bannon supported a guy
against Trump who then lost Alabama very
very strong questions about his
competence
you know everybody with ban and always
focuses on his ideology and his ideas
but as I said then that very very
powerful questions about his competence
came up you cannot lose Alabama to the
Democrats is almost impossible to do it
and yet Ben and help do it well Donald
Trump has just run out of patience
apparently and he just released
a statement saying Steve Bannon has
nothing to do with me or my presidency
when he was fired he not only lost his
job he lost his mind
Steve was a staffer who worked for me
after I had already won the nomination
by defeating 17 candidates often
described as the most talented field
ever assembled in the Republican Party
all of this is true by the way you know
just just saying now that he is on his
own Steve is learning that winning isn't
as easy as I make it look this guy
really I know a guy you want to be on
his wrong side I guess Steve had very
little to do with our historic victory
which was delivered by the forgotten men
and women of this country it Steve had
everything to do with the loss of a
Senate seat in Alabama held for more
than 30 years by Republicans Steve
doesn't represent my base he's only in
it for himself where this is brutal
Steve pretends to be at war with the
media which he calls the opposition
party and he spent his time at the White
House leaking false information to the
media to make himself seem far more
important than he was that is the only
thing he does well Steve has rarely in a
one-on-one meeting was rarely in a
one-on-one meeting with me and only
pretends to have had influence to fool a
few people with no access and no clue
whom he helped write phony books we have
many great Republican members of
Congress and candidates who are very
supportive of the make America great
agenda again agenda like me they love
the United States of America and are
helping to finally take our country back
and build it up rather than simply
seeking to burn it all down well you
know the Trump eye you know I'm not
really surprised I'm a little surprised
that Trump waited so long to unleash
that but you know Trump is also looking
ahead to the 2018 elections that that he
and he doesn't want Bannon going around
you know mona Charen had a hilarious
tweet yesterday Mona Sharon from
National Review she said something like
MIT Romney may run for the open seat
then at Orrin Hatch's retiring and so
Mitt Romney may run for that open Senate
seat and mona Charen said but Steve
Bannon is canvassing prisons and
madhouse for candidates so you know
Donald Trump is looking forward and
thinking like I do not want this guy
losing any more of my
a majority then I have to lose in these
2018 elections so this now we've got you
know abandoned was always signing these
letters hashtagwar well now he's got
himself a war and I don't think this is
a war that Bannon can win I think if he
goes up against Donald Trump you know
all the only thing that Bannon has
really going for me as the Breitbart
site and he has the money from the
Mercer's and if the money from the
Mercer's goes away if they sucked start
to think that they backed the wrong
horse Bannon is just gonna have a
website like everybody else everybody
has a website it's not gonna really do
him much good it was Trump who really
made that website explode the way it did
so this is gonna be really this is
interesting good interesting political
stuff I mean this is the kind of stuff I
love let's go to the mailbag all right I
was not ready for that here's one with
with a name withheld dear Clavin I met a
boy in college and quickly we became
intimate he was my first time but I
never told him that and soon after he
only talked to me with month-long gaps
when he wanted to have sex it's fairly
obvious that he doesn't truly care much
about me but I feel as if he consumes
most of my thoughts I guess I'm trying
to reconcile with my cognitive
dissonance because I really believe that
intimacy should be between people who
love one another but I'm having a hard
time with it all so this is my long way
of asking you how do you let go of
someone who is more fantasy than reality
but simultaneously a big part of your
reality look you're a big girl you let
go by letting go that's that's the way
it's done you know I feel like I should
say say this you know women the thing
that makes women women and the thing
that makes women
womanly is a capacity for giving of
themselves that men simply don't have
there's a reason that when as a guy
who's played a lot of sports and who's
been in a lot of male locker rooms men
make locker room jokes it's true and
they use language in locker rooms they
don't use elsewhere it's true but you
don't hear men saying things about their
wives disrespectfully in locker rooms
it's really interesting you actually
even in locker rooms men speak of their
wives with great respect because they
know that women give them things that
they would not give that they have not
the capacity for selflessness of some
women have it's the
the reason why people go to their graves
thinking about their moms you know if
they had good moms you know people they
say that the word that most men the last
word that most men say when dying on a
battlefield is mom and there's a reason
for this because women have this
capacity to give but if you have that
capacity to give and it's a beautiful
beautiful thing like all sweet things it
attracts rodents and you got one you got
a guy who's just using you he's you know
we got some sacks and he knows he can
come back and get some sex and and he
knows that you want to give yourself to
something of worth and he is using that
you know to get what he wants without
any respect for you so you got to dump
him
you got to dump them and move on you
made a mistake that's a sad thing we all
do it we all make romantic mistakes and
you've made one and now you got to get
out there this is part of being you know
growing up and being a woman it you know
if you have that much to give there's
somebody who will honor you for it and
treat you as you deserve to be treated
but this is not that guy
okay from Steven mr. Clavin I know you
usually get a better title but I'm
having a hard time after getting injured
fighting a fire about two years ago and
getting prescribed vicodin
I have been on and off vicodin because
it helps with my depression but it's
harder and harder to come by a
relatively small dose in the morning and
then again in the afternoon helps me get
moving and calms my anxiety but I know I
can't be on this medication forever as a
father I want to do the best I can for
my children and wife but I have a hard
time accepting that something which
helps me feel better and be more
productive as a bad thing everyone tells
me it is bad and it feels wrong and I
don't want to ruin any relationships I
just don't know what to do so here's
your fire fire I'm not gonna like mince
words with your drug addict you're
addicted to vicodin it's very very
possible that your depression is a
symptom of your addiction that the
vicodin is not actually solving the
problem it's causing the problem that is
a very possible thing you got to beat it
you're obviously a brave guy if you're
fighting fires so now you need to put
that courage to work especially for your
children you got to put that courage to
work on a full-court press on dumping
this poison and getting it out of your
system it's very very possible
that you could use some help with this
either a rehab thing that'll get you off
it and teaching new ways to live and
maybe even na Narcotics Anonymous that
will will teach you how to be sober you
know because once you're on this stuff
you got to really live a clean life to
get away from it as for the depression
you'll find out once you once you break
the habit once you break the habit
you'll find out if the depression is an
independent thing it's very one that one
of the reasons this addiction is so
satanic
is that it just like Satan it pretends
that it's gonna help you with things
that it's actually causing and so if you
get away from this stuff you may find
that your depression clears up and and
cures itself or you may find that you're
also depressed for some other reason and
you've got to address that I first get
off the drug the drug is everything the
addiction is everything you're not
dealing with anything else but addiction
that's what you're dealing with you're
dealing with an addiction to a drug get
off it you know and and get help and do
all the things that people who are
addicted have to do but you're a tough
guy you're a brave guy you're a
firefighter do not let this stand in the
way of their life you're supposed to
have and that God wants you to have get
out get off it
you know and I gotta say also doctors
are really bad with this stuff you know
doctors who now give you a hard time if
you want some antibiotics for an
infection which is nonsense it's not
gonna help anything it's not gonna keep
any you know any of the germs from
becoming more drug-resistant that's
ridiculous because you can walk into it
first of all you can walk into any
Urgent Care Center and get all the drugs
you want and their drugs are peppering
your meat and all that stuff but they
they will prescribe this pain stuff for
ever for anything and opiates and you
know just really addictive stuff and
they really should check themselves it's
really bad bad idea from Joel dear
supreme lord Clavin now we're getting
down to it you know I mean come on you
know it's just Clavin you know that's
good dear supreme lord Clavin creator of
nymphs and rightful heir to the throne
of Galliano which is the kingdom in
another Kingdom I've really been
enjoying the work of your children
Spencer in faith which I really
appreciate they are doing incredibly
good work Faith's pieces which are over
pj media
really insightful and heartfelt and
Spencer recently made an appearance on
the Michael Nolt show which elevated its
the level of watchable which I have to
say who says something for my son
because that's almost impossible from
where I stand it seems you have managed
to raise some amazing children well my
wife raised imagine amazing she'll but
but I was there I was participant hmm I
am a young struggling father of twin
boys and two little girls all under five
years old I pray every night that they
would grow to be followers of Jesus but
I often find my own example undermines
all I try to teach them I struggle with
anger and impatience in a way that I
never did before having kids I had a
terrible relationship with my own father
and as a result feel woefully
under-equipped to be a good father to my
own children so how did you do it is
there anything you wish you had done
differently as a dad what advice would
you give young fathers well first of all
thank you very much i my children are
incredible people they are incredible
people and I think that if I have take
any credit it's for not getting in the
way of them growing into the incredible
people that God made them to be and not
trying to impose you know I certainly I
certainly tried to teach them values but
I didn't try to impose my vision of life
on them and let them find their way as
much as I possibly could without their
hurting themselves you know that was a
good thing to do but just to take the
side question first is there anything
you would wish you've done differently
as a dad of course there is of course
there is being a father requires you to
be God and none of us is and so you make
mistakes and there are things you regret
and of course there are things you want
differently that's not the point the
point is did you show up for the kid
were you there for the kid it's 85%
showing up and were you on their side I
mean this was a big deal my father was
not on my side and I remember when I
first brought my daughter home from the
hospital I thought I had thought like oh
please don't let let me be a better
father than my father and I brought my
daughter home and I thought oh that's
too low a bar because I know that I'm on
my daughter's side and I
I'm gonna be in favor of her to succeed
and be happy and do all those things so
here's here's what I know
if you picture yourself like a piano
keyboard your children are gonna hit
every single key by the time they're
finished they will play every single key
good and bad
so I rapidly understood because I
understood this even before my daughter
was born that I had to make sure that
the piano was in working order and was
in tune you have a problem with your dad
that is probably playing into your sense
of anger you have a lot of kids that's
you know you don't have a lot of time to
think you you should get that fixed and
it might require therapy it might just
require some thought you do not want
you're absolutely right that you can
preach Jesus all you want but what if
what you're living is anger and
resentment and hostility that's what
they're gonna learn they're gonna learn
your anger and resentment hostility they
do not learn as much from what you say
as from what you do and how you treat
them and especially how you treat your
wife you know I really believe that the
first and most important thing you can
do as a father is treat your wife with
respect because you know you're the
planet your kids live on you're the
planet your kids live on whenever I
whenever I hear people get divorced and
they say the kids are alright I think
yeah the kids are fine as long as you
accept you just blew up their planet you
just blew up their planet they're not
alright they're not fine you just ruined
their lives you know don't kid yourself
don't let yourself off the hook so the
same thing is true here you know treat
treat your wife with respect and
kindness and decency and that's gonna
have a big effect but you also gotta
treat your kids with patience and and
pay attention to what they need and what
their needs are and put yourself aside a
little bit which is always hard for men
to do but if you need help getting this
thing about your father out of your mind
go get some help you know you owe it you
owe it to your children you will I can
tell you this I can tell you this as an
older guy I can tell you when you get to
the point when you're looking at your
adult children you will be so happy you
took the time to work on yourself now
when they need you because now they're
being formed this is when
you know the the little tree you know
gets this is where they get their shape
from and it this will be with them
forever stuff you do later there's room
to maneuver you know if you if I make a
mistake today my son and my daughter can
come to me and say hey you know you're
making a mistake and I have to listen to
them but then they have no power and
you're shaping them and they're you know
they're early
they're clay they're like clay in your
hands so you've really got to take care
of yourself so get yourself some help
because you shouldn't be angry at your
children all the time obviously there
are times when you want to beat them
into the ground with your fists but you
still should not be it shouldn't be an
out-of-control anger inside you that's
coming from some other place okay let me
see what else I got have I got time yes
all right
I'm thinking the tough ones today I
gotta say these are tough questions hi
Andrew I've been having trouble with
this situation for a while and I want to
hear what you think a couple months ago
I was sexually assaulted by a close
friend of mine well no you weren't I
mean you were sexually assaulted by
someone you thought was a close friend
but okay
at the time I didn't report him because
I blame myself and felt bad about
reporting my friend I wanted to just
forgive him and move on but with all the
sexual assault stories that have come
out I began doubting my decision is it
wrong if I try to forgive him do I have
a responsibility to report him well
first of all you don't say what the
sexual assault is and it does make a
difference if he you know if he raped
you it's a terrible thing to have to
report somebody for rape because you are
going to be put through the wringer and
I'm not minimizing that at all you are
gonna be treated like a suspect you are
gonna have to prove your case you are
going to be attacked in ways that you
cannot believe when you're the victim
but but if he actually raped you you do
have a responsibility if you can handle
it if you can handle it you have a
responsibility to report him cuz he's
gonna do it to somebody else
I mean he really is now look if he
pinched you if that's what you're
talking about there or said something
then you know then you just you don't
need to report that to anybody but you
might want to tell him off so it really
depends on what the assault was but if
you think he did something genuinely
assault of genuinely dangerous and
criminal
I would report him this has nothing to
do with whether you forgive him or not
okay people make that mistake you can
forgive somebody and still report them
to the police you can let it go in your
own heart which I recommend you pray for
and you try to do you don't have to
harbor your aunt your anger against him
is not achieving anything you can
forgive him and let him go and still
make sure that other people are
protected from him because he's telling
something something destructive and
criminal obviously I hope you do
understand I wasn't just joking before
he's not your friend
this is not your friend and somebody who
did that to you I don't know what it was
but if it was you know it's it's so hard
when you use these terms I know they get
you so loosely but in assuming it was
something violent and terrible he's not
your friend and he wasn't just stepping
over the line let's see yeah all right
here's something a little there's a
little something a little lighter from
Zachary to he whose voice can soothe a
raging bull with the recent UFO videos
being released I can't help but have
some questions if we find out aliens to
exist what does that do to Christianity
mainly that since we are made in the
image of God then naturally the alien
race would also be made in that image
well you know I've never really
understood the concern about this you
know I mean I actually believe that
there are that there are probably alien
life-forms and other planets and I think
when we meet them it will expand our
idea of God I think that they too will
have an idea of God and it may be
somewhat different they may be so
different from us that it has to be
different and that that you know we'll
just have to learn at the time but what
we know is what we know of God here on
earth we know you know of God as man and
God was incarnate and made man you know
maybe he was also incarnate and made
zorf you know I don't know but but it
would be it's going to be interesting to
find out I just think it's going to be a
fascinating new piece of information
that we get so that guy would I kind of
look forward to it that's the one thing
so one thing I'm kind of hoping I live
to see is is life from other planets
contacting us I mean that would be so
cool I would change everything
one last question hey Emperor Clavin
what is your take on the Disney Foxx
deal with this make Disney monopoly
should the government intervene
no it won't make Disney a monopoly and
the government shouldn't intervene but
it is important because it shows that
Rupert Murdoch is beginning to divest
and that makes me think that maybe he
you know he's in his 80s and nobody
lives forever one of the things that has
really really bothered me is concerned
you know Rupert Murdoch has made
tremendous strides in conservative
communication and nobody zero people
have stepped up to imitate him you know
as I keep saying where is the Fox comedy
channel where's the conservative comedy
channel where's the conservative movie
makers where are all these people who
are not you know they don't have to be
conservative in every way they just
we're the people who are standing up for
America and making patriotic films and
patriotic you know TV shows that aren't
sappy but just have very firm American
values I think that would be an
important thing to add so I mean it's
just a reminder that even Rupert Murdoch
will not live forever may he may not
know that but we do and and that really
conservatives need to be thinking really
hard about what the future of the
culture is before we let it get away
from us yet again all right tickety-boo
news
so Woodward and Bernstein right the guys
who broke Watergate made some really
interesting comments about the the press
the other day so let's I just want to
play
I guess it's cut five we have yeah let's
play cut five and listen to what they
say press is in the United States as our
leaders have recognized going back to
the days of the early republic the last
bastion of truth that makes democracy
function yes we make mistakes and we
need to admit our mistakes we oughtn't
to be too provocative which we sometimes
are with a president who's putting a lot
of bait out there and sometimes we take
debate and get a little petty
I'd like to see a lot less of
criticizing
on our air the president for playing
golf let him play all the golf that he
wants I don't think that's our job so
that was a Bernstein who was a virulent
left-winger and not always in my opinion
very honest of in his criticism Woodward
who is a much more balanced guy and I'm
much more talented journalist in my
opinion he also said that the press had
become smug and I just these guys you
know I was a newspaper reporter
right after Yeah right after Watergate
and we thought we were heroes they had
given us Woodward and Bernstein had
given us this very heroic idea of the
press but I want to remind you of what
that idea looked like because when I was
a newspaper reporter I worked with at
least one guy who went on to become one
of the most famous New York Times
reporters a tremendous liberal and any
time I made any liberal assumption he
would call me out on it he would yell at
me it would really go after me you know
I was in neophyte reporter I was just
trying to learn how to do it and he
would call me out you know and he would
say I don't believe he that same guy
would do that today but let's just look
back at all the president's men which is
a basic hey geography of Woodward and
Bernstein the movie made from there
telling of how they exposed Watergate at
this famous scene where Ben Bradley the
editor of the paper calls them out on
not having sources who can be named he's
looking at a story that they think is a
big story and he says no you have not
got this story and yet it librarian
secretary say hunt looked at a book
that's not good man White House aide
told me that hunt was investigating
Kennedy who was it who was it I want the
name you me know know how senior how
high up I don't know titles
so special interested no we said in the
white house was investigating Kennedy
there's better interest oh Jesus sorry
stronger than that we got white half
librarians as one check out a whole lot
of books we got a secretary in Coulson's
office all right car Ben that's a page
one story stick it inside someplace this
is a important story it
get some harder information that does
that get some harder information next
time so you know the press one of the
things I always say about leftist I
don't know if you remember that scene in
men in black where the alien comes down
and eats the farmer he kills the farmer
and then puts on his flesh as a as a
suit and where the alien where's the
farmer as a suit that is what leftism
those two institutions whether it's Yale
or the New York Times it goes in and
eats out the core of them and then
where's the New York Times or Yale as a
suit and walks around pretending to be
the old Yale or the old New York Times
and that is what has happened to
journalism mainstream journalism in this
country it really has that leftism has
eaten it out from within so when they
report oh that Mike Flynn is implicated
candidate Donald Trump in collusion with
Russia or that the Russians passed the
Trump campaign a secret key to WikiLeaks
flat-file what the New York Times did
shamefully in my opinion over the over
the holiday as they ran this front-page
story of essentially FBI propaganda
because FBI is being caught out using
the steel dossier this ridiculous steel
dossei dossier they may have used it to
get a FISA warrant it may have inspired
their Russia collusion story and the
entire Russian collusion story may in
fact be this is not proved yet but it's
certainly a worthwhile suspicion at this
point may in fact be the FBI's way of
attacking Trump and hiding the way the
partisan way they behaved in the run-up
to the election that they were spying on
Trump for the Obama administration and
so the New York Times ran this story
saying oh now we know it wasn't the
steel dossier it was George papadopolis
you know in Russia drinking or in
Australia where whatever was he was
drinking we're now the former Director
of National Intelligence James clapper
said today that George papadopolis was
not a name on my radar scope when I left
so it really it really is like the New
York Times is now using unnamed sources
sources that nobody can check sources
that nobody knows how reliable they are
the FBI has a point to make and the New
York Times is allowing them to make it
they're not
the rules that made journalism heroic
and made it great that was what made you
know the the press hated Nixon they
hated Nixon but even even as much as
they hated him they went after him with
respect they had to get the facts they
had to get people who had come on record
they had to use their off-the-record
sources to get people to come on record
and confirm the stories I mean it just
made them crazy if they had to off the
record if they had to off the record
guys let me just end with a montage from
Sean Hannity have we got that yeah it's
it's cut number 12 this is why they're
pleased they're their idea that trumps
attacks on the media are somehow attacks
on the First Amendment simply won't wash
here is a montage that Hannity put
together of the way the media looks at
Trump this was a whitewash this was a
white lash against a changing country it
was a white lash against a black
president in part there's a sign out
there that's been hung up outside the
way I'll say if you're not white you're
not especially welcome this is a man who
is not well he alternated between being
a whiny six-year-old who's had his
Nintendo taken away and and between
being the cranky old man who's out there
condemning everyone who doesn't worship
him adequately Donald Trump sort of only
maybe Woodrow Wilson and Andrew Jackson
is being himself more than any other
previous president with disgraceful
racial views he said today America first
it was not just a racial I mean the in I
should say racial the Hitlerian
background to it is Donald Trump
competent to be President presidents
from say America first tonight President
Trump put himself first he a little
whiff of fascism tonight I think it's
fair to say leftism eats out the
principles and core of organizations and
leaves them empty and then it demands
the respect that those organizations
earned before leftism killed them and so
that's what has happened to the press
and the press needs to start on the long
road back to becoming what it should be
and what it used to be tomorrow I think
John Nolte then alternator is coming on
love this guy is great be great to talk
to him see him and find out what he
thinks of the new year I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show be there
then the Andrew Clavin show is produced
by Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit alvera
and our animations are by Cynthia Angulo
and Jacob Jackson the Andrew Klavan show
is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
