here are been Shapiro's top three campus
smackdowns from 2017 number three no
gender is not disconnected from sex okay
no it's not in the mind okay you're not
a man if you think you're a man she
believes gender is fluid it's not why
aren't you 60 why aren't you 60 and what
why can't you identify as 60 why what
what is the problem with you identifying
a 60 you're right age is significantly
less important than gender now here's
been at the University of Redlands
change based on new it's the fact that
she's poor and needs an abortion doesn't
change whether it's rich I needs an
abortion or poor because the abortion
argument really comes down to do you
think this is a life or not if you don't
think it's life you can do whatever you
want with it if you think it's life you
can't do anything the student then asks
if ben shapiro yes ben shapiro would
donate to Planned Parenthood
they told me hundred thousand unbunch
over here no I don't donate doing it
baby
and finally Ben Shapiro at UC Berkeley
in September why exactly do you think a
first trimester fetus has moral valued
because whether you consider it a
potential human life or a full-on human
life it has more value than just a
cluster of cells if left to its natural
processes it will grow into a baby Ben
then goes full Shapiro because I think
we both agree that adults human light
has intrinsic value can we start from
that premise
I believe that sentence has is what give
something moral value not necessarily
not necessarily being a human alone if
you are in a coma from which you may
awake can I stab you
well then no that's still potential
sentence and it's still a potential
potential sentience beefiness
that's it for Ben Shapiro's top three
campus smackdowns from 2017 to watch
these clips in full just click on the
links in the description if you'd like
to know more about Ben's 2018
appearances on campus go to YF org slash
Shapiro tour have a very happy new year
everyone
see you in 2018
