I'm ami Horowitz and I'm back in the
East Village liberal mecca the
Republicans recently voted on a new tax
proposal and predictably Democrats
didn't like it but what if they thought
that the Republican plan was actually a
Bernie Sanders proposal we've presented
them with the Republican tax plan and
pretended that it was in fact Bernie's
plan good bad I'm gonna be honest with
you I thought there's just another
excuse for the rich people to get a
break I'm having to pay tax that the
rest of us hard-working people have to
pay doesn't have much stuff in it for
the middle-class working Americans I
think I mean that's there's a lot about
the current proposed tax Grant that's
really good so Bernie came out they come
to they competing plan I want to give
you some the deal points and kind of get
a sense of what you think of his deal
points if you're making $50,000 or less
most family of four will not pay any
taxes at all okay it's good playing yeah
yeah double it the child tax credit for
one thousand two thousand days well you
think like that
he's lowering corporate taxes from
thirty thirty five percent to twenty one
forces lowering corporate taxes yes okay
you take it a mortgage for more than
three quarters of a million dollars
you're gonna pay more in taxes on that I
could definitely side with that the more
money you make the more of a percentage
of income you have to pay your taxes
yeah I know that people who make a lot
of money aren't gonna like that but like
this is that is exactly right I said
yeah he keeps the Obama era tax credits
for clean energy yeah it keeps the Obama
tax credit yeah Oh 100,000 billion
percent what do you think of Bernie's
tax payer fantastic you feel the Bern
you find those things a good bad I find
it to be good for the most part it seems
seems like a good thing yeah like that I
think that that's a step in the right
direction
I love Bernie I voted for him yeah said
I I miss Bernie more now than ever
well we're all give it an A+ yeah hey
bluster it's all just rational with
Bernie and with trumpets not now what if
I tell you these are all in Trump's tax
plan really yeah
oh this is one of those one of those
things where if I were tell you that
that's all the Republican tax plan is it
what if I what is it
well why aren't they showcasing that
those aspects everything they should
right yeah so warfare I tell you that
all this was in the Republican tax plan
really
well now it's that's really interesting
wherever I tell you that all that stuff
was a Republican tax plan would you
rethink the way you're Charlotte yeah
but it'd make you maybe reconsider and
take a closer look at it to see if it
made more sense sure I mean definitely
do you think now knowing what's in that
plan you might be more open supporting
it
uh yeah I'm definitely I'm gonna look
into this because that is not what I
expected this would be the first time I
would sit here and say well the
Republicans might be doing something oh
yeah
I'm curious thanks for opening my mind
to that
