one of the people who's lost her mind
obviously is Rosie O'Donnell she's not
much of a mind left to lose
sadly but Rosie O'Donnell tweeted this
out she tweeted out so how about this I
promise to give two million dollars to
senator Susan Collins and to millions
Senator Jeff Flake if they vote no no I
will not kill Americans for the sewer
rich she meant straight super but she
can't saya shits suo ER rich DM me Susan
DM me Jeff no bleep two million cash
each it's like EE Cummings for the
mentally deficient so well done there
Rosie O'Donnell this by the way is a
technically under federal law bribery so
under 18 USC I believe the actual
statute is 18 USC 2 and 1b it says quote
whoever directly or indirectly corruptly
gives offers or promises anything of
value to any public official or person
who has been selected to be a public
official or offers or promises any
public official or any person who has
been selected to be a public official to
give anything of value to any other
person or entity with intents who
influenced any official act shall be
fined under this title not more than
three times the monetary equivalent of
the thing of value which whichever is
greater or in prison for not more than
fifteen years or both and may be
disqualified from holding any office of
Honor trust or profit under the United
States so she's openly offering four
million dollars to Republican senators
for them to change their vote which is
bribery under federal law she's doing
that in front of apparently thirty two
thousand likes so that that you know I
guess she's must be willing to pay
twelve million dollars to the federal
government I said earlier if President
Trump tells Jeff Sessions to initiate a
prosecution against Rosie O'Donnell they
will begin carving his face into
Rushmore tomorrow
I mean he will immediately move to the
list of the nation's greatest presidents
if he initiates prosecution again still
against Rosie O'Donnell
for for bribery so I tweeted out half
jokingly this morning lock her up lock
her up and Rosie O'Donnell got mad and
she tweeted back at me suck my bleep Ben
which doesn't make sense for a variety
of reasons as far as I'm aware and so I
tweeted back at her you're already a
felon Rosie don't be a homophobic sexual
harasser too and then I followed it up
with hashtag me too
so that's that's that is my a plus troll
game right there again that is that it's
the the the troll
was strong with me today so Rosie
O'Donnell yeah just making a fool of
herself as always
