this is a very exciting day christmas
came early I've been waiting for this
box to arrive ever since Andrew Klavan
got his man crate man crates calm is
sending these out they're sponsoring the
show and the real benefit of this
because they don't pay me to be here or
anything the real benefit is I get some
freebies sometimes from the sponsors so
this is this is a really good one
Andrew claiming at The Whisky
appreciation crate I got it - obviously
we're pretty pretty manly guys you know
don't let the rachel maddow glasses fool
you so this just came in the mail
Christmases are relate I'm going to open
it up and and show you guys what's in
the in the box
so that if you want to get a gift
wrapped which obviously I did I'm very
very much into the spirit of the
Christmas season they dip they duct tape
gift wrap it so there's no wrapping
paper just duct tape which is a little a
little tricky to open up here there we
go
okay all right one apprecia cut my nails
the nails long for this you know it
might be good if we if we cut off and
maybe had some water or something well
because it's just a little tricky right
there yeah maybe we'll just maybe I'll
just have a little water and then and
and you know it should only take another
second or yeah because it'll just take
it we'll just careful
yeah so that's I'm sorry we had to cut
out it was a little a little issue I
needed a glass of water but we got it
open about I don't know like a minute or
less like half a minute and all you need
to open your man crate is just this
little this little crowbar that they
send you it's laser engraved pops right
open yeah just just pops right open put
that over there so what do we have is
really really easy to open especially
it's for the man in your life so I know
sometimes it's hard to shop for a man
you know guys you know kind of masculine
guys you don't want like a cheese of the
Month Club or some you want a man crate
and for that really masculine guy in
your life is it's just perfect so what
it comes with we got this pretty cool
pretty cool whiskey decanter right here
comes engraved with your initials that
is really great it is just a whole
whiskey set you know some guys play
sports some guys do I mean I never did
that I never do I really it's smoking
cigars and drinking whiskey those are
the sports and this goes very well with
that so we have these really cool
inscribed cups a little whiskey glass
and what's great for that these are
really really great are they
box popped open these are really great
these are ice molds so sometimes if you
put the wrong kind of ice cube and your
whiskey it melts too fast
these melt perfectly slowly they're in
these spheres really really good what
else we have some squirrel brand the
ultimate nut it's really really great
stuff pecans pistachios that's probably
gonna be my dinner tonight is a little
bit of a taxing day
physical activity than I'm used to so
what you should do right now there is
still time before Christmas I know
everyone's frantically buying gifts
right now go to man crates dot-com slash
Knowles that's KN o w l es like Beyonce
if you go to man crates dot-com /
Knowles you'll get five percent off five
percent off your order they have a ton
of stuff they have meat sets the
grillmaster crate with a brass knuckle
meat tenderizer
they've got if you want to just get a
gift card I know this is the typical
gift everyone gives a gift card well if
you order through man crate it will come
in a block of cement with a sledge
hammer so that you can get to your gift
guard they're really really fun stuff
they have a ton of gifts I think 100
hand curated gift selections for every
man and especially once you get through
a little physical exertion on opening it
then you can treat yourself to a little
adult beverage so make sure you go over
there if you order it now it'll get
there by Christmas they guarantee it I
think of you it's key you have to order
by midnight tomorrow night by 11:59 but
do it right now you know we head over
there it's man crates dot-com / Knowles
have a drink now yeah all right right
