I'm really interested in talking about
wellthanks I'm really interested talking
about what what has happened to you
since this event but I think we should
start by taking the audience briefly
through this kind of terrible experience
again when this insane man opened fire
in your church the Church in your town
what exactly did you find out about this
well I was home and I was home because I
was starting my on call at the hospital
I work as a plumber or a maintenance
plumber at a hospital and I started my
on call on the next Monday and so I was
trying to get some rest and rest up
because I could be working with lots of
overtime so I was home resting and my
daughter Stephanie my oldest was washing
dishes in the kitchen and she came in
and said she heard what sounded like
gunfire and I immediately thought it was
just someone tapping on the window and I
opened the curtains to see and there was
nobody tapping and I went to the other
part of the house and it definitely
sounded like gunfire and I told her it
is so there's someone shooting and I ran
to my safe and she actually ran out the
door got in her car and ran up to the
corner and came back while I was at my
safe loaded my gun and she came in said
it was indeed someone in black tactical
gear shooting up the church and I told
her to call 9-1-1 she said I did they
know about it already dad and so I next
thing I did is I told her I said call
your mom and she did and as I was
running out the door I told my wife I
said there's an active shooter at the
Baptist Church and stay where you're at
she was helping my other daughter build
her house on our property five miles
down the road and of course she did
whatever good wife would do she said
don't go over there as I hung up on her
and
once he had to do a wipe duty and try to
protect me but and she told me later I
knew you were going over there but as I
ran out the door
my oldest daughter followed me out the
door and I'm going to tell you the Holy
Spirit was on me because I was thinking
so clear it was amazing and I told her
go love me another magazine cuz I just
grabbed a handful of ammo out of a box
and started loading them into a magazine
and I told her go load another magazine
because I only have a few rounds and she
ran back into the house and that's what
I wanted I didn't think that she could
ever have loaded a magazine or even
found one and loaded it in time to get
it to me but I didn't want her following
me over there I didn't want him to have
a target that I cared so deeply about
that would give me a distraction for me
and I certainly didn't want her to see
me fail if I did and because if I would
have failed she would have been right on
me and she would have been the next
target so I had the presence of mind to
send her back into the house and give
her an impossible task as a foreman
been a foreman before in construction we
call it busy work if an apprentice is in
your hair and you want get him out of
the way out of my sight out of mind you
give him busy work and you go tell him
to do something and just get him out and
that's what I did and my daughter
thought was kind of mad about that at
first but it's only because I love her
so much and and just she needed to not
be there and I ran across and as I ran
across the street I yelled I don't know
why I can't explain why I yelled other
than I believe it to be the Holy Spirit
was calling out the demon that was
within him
because I yelled and he apparently I am
I was not witness to what was it going
on in the church but he stopped shooting
the people that he was shooting he was
finishing people off
he stopped immediately and came outside
and the people in the church heard me
yell and my daughter heard me yell and
when he came out he came outside
shooting at me and it was a dead calm
and again and I can only attribute that
to the Holy Spirit because there was a
dead calm as he was shooting at me he
hit the truck in front of me he hit the
car behind me and he hit the house
behind me and it was like God was
telling me don't worry about that just
worry about where you're putting the
bullets and I shot back I returned fire
and I even saw thought clear enough I
could see that he had body armor on that
covered the front in the back and it
velcroed across the sides and I could
see an opening when he turned to get in
his vehicle and I shot him in the side
he got it in his vehicle and I put one
more through the as he put two through
the window coming out at me I put one
through the window and where I perceived
his head to have been but he had a
tactical SWAT style helmet on with a
visor and everything and he drove off
and I ran to the stop sign where truck
was there at the stop sign
the guy had witnessed the whole thing
and
I didn't know his name or anything else
I act on the window and said that guy
just shot up the Baptist Church and we
had to stop him he unlocked the door let
a maniac with an ar-15 in his truck as
far as he knew and we gave chase and we
chased him 11 miles down the road and
what the police said he finally he
finally pulled off the road and as we
came up
I reached and I grabbed the door and I
still had the rifle in my hand
and I was gonna open the door cuz I
thought he was gonna make another stand
and as we as we were running down the
road to him I had the presence of mind
to drop the magazine and look at what
was in it and I had one still in the
magazine one in the chamber I had two
rounds left my chamber to back up and I
told Johnny that had called 911 was
talking to dispatch at that point I said
tell them hurry hurry I have two rounds
left
and so when he pulled over I thought
this might be another a gun fire a gun
battle and I've got two rounds and I'm
thinking man this has got a count and he
pulled over just stop for just a little
bit and then gun the engine and he hit a
road sign and then back up onto the
highway and half ways around a curve and
then over into the bar ditch and they
stopped on the opposite side and we
stopped about 50 yards from him and then
I told Johnny get down you don't have a
gun or anything just get down below the
dash and I got out and I put the rifle
across the hood of the truck and aimed
it at the driver side window and started
yelling get out get out
and they estimated it was five to seven
minutes before the police got there
which to me seemed like an eternity you
know and I was focused on the truck and
finally I heard a police officer say
driver get out of your vehicle with your
hands up and I turned and I looked up
the road and he had stopped maybe 50
yards from me and it was an officer
standing at behind his door with a PA
mic in one hand and his pistol in the
other hand and he said it again he said
driver get out of the vehicle with your
hands up and immediately I just thought
okay my job's done I put the rifle down
on the hood and I started back to the
back of the truck with my hands up I
didn't want anybody think that I was any
threat at all and he came over the PA
a system again he says not you heaven so
I took that as meaning that I was to go
back and pick up my rifle because I had
a whole lot better chance because he was
about a hundred yards from the vehicle
and so I picked up my rifle and named it
back over until I saw about six or seven
other police cars pull up and they all
pulled out ar-15s and stuff and I
thought okay now I am indeed done and so
I laid my rifle on the back of the
toolbox of the truck and started back
there and they said no no no stay there
stay there
we're gonna bring a cruiser to you and
so they brought a car up so I could walk
beside the car and go back to the police
line and so you know I had some sort of
cover but by this time had been maybe
thirty minutes you know and we had seen
no movement or anything from the vehicle
police report said that when he pulled
over he shot himself in the head he
finished it and and I think that was a
final gift from God because that he did
it himself
because then there's I don't I wasn't
the one that killed me it's it's a while
now since since this happened when we
talked briefly right closer to the time
this happened and you said that you felt
that you had been fashioned as a tool
for this moment and that the moment had
broken the tool do you still feel that
way in some ways yes I but I know God's
working on me and he's working hard on
me he's not he's not not gonna leave me
broken and you know that brings up kind
of what I wanted to talk to the people
from the church and they've just you
know surrounded me and and just you know
I can't can't believe how they've
recovered from this and the other night
and last night as a matter of fact we
were sitting at home and we had our
whole family here and the church came by
caroling and they had an ambulance
leading the
the possession and they had trailer you
know like a hayride or truck pulling a
trailer with all the people from the
church and they had one of the fire
trucks following and they had all the
lights going on and everything and they
stopped in front of my house and started
caroling whoa it was overwhelming to me
I walked out of my house and of course I
cried with everybody and I hugged
everybody and you know some of the
wounded that are still recovering we're
on the trailer I hugged them and and
cried with everybody and but their their
spirit they're out there they're showing
God's glory and and praising God and
thanking God for for Jesus being born at
Christmas and and just you know caroling
and singing songs of praise and stuff
and that's that's character there's this
town this community has so much
character and God's working in this town
I notice that you actually since I I've
seen you you've grown the Santa Claus
beard there so you actually are part of
part of this doing God's work in the
town aren't you we ever December we have
I ride a motorcycle my whole family
rides Harley's and we love to ride and
something we just do together and family
that stays together our plays together
stays together and we ride and part of
what we do is we ride with a Baptist
Church every year and we deliver toys
and I grow the beard I start in October
and I go through no shit No Shave
November and tell everybody it's because
I'm growing the Santa beard and so when
they have their annual santim run and
whatever we load up toys and put Santa
in a dune buggy and followed by
motorcycles and and we make noise
as we go down through the neighborhoods
they have low-income families that they
have on a list that they deliver toys to
but any kid that sees what's going on
and runs out to the road or runs out in
their yard we stop and we give them toys
and and we don't care whether the
low-income or anything if they notice us
we give them toys and and it's been such
a fun experience doing this with them
every year they're good Christian people
that did you know that's what a
community is about that's that's a slice
of America and and that's where I grew
I'm almost out of time but I really
would like to know if you had to say
how's this experience changed you and
how has it changed you what what would
the answer be how it's changed me boy
that's that's a complicated one right
now I've I think revisiting that
question next year might be easier a
whole lot easier to answer people keep
saying my new normal I love my old
normal and I don't know exactly what my
new normal looks like right now I'm I'm
asking for prayers for peace for my me
and my community and my family and I'm
asking for prayers for humility cuz a
lot of people are trying to make me more
than what I am and I I have to give the
Lord to God for everything that's
happened so answering that question next
year might be a whole lot easier than
answering it now I I go through issues
and stuff with you know one of the one
of the men that were wounded in the
church was is married to a girl that
went to our homeschool group and grew up
with my daughters and was friends with
my daughters
and they did sleepovers at my house and
stuff and and now her husband is as he
was shot in the back he's paralyzed from
the waist down
and he sees this as as he has this
testimony for God now and he just blows
me away
he's enriched my life and so how does it
changed me I guess I guess it's brought
me closer to God as somebody said
something the other day about you know
someone in politics knowing my name and
I said you know what that's great that
he knows my name I said but my God knows
my name and he called me that day and
that's awesome that's awesome it's it's
it's an awesome yeah I know God knows
all our names but that particular day he
called me and I know we did it's yeah
yeah it's it's an awesome story so even
thank you for sharing it I hope you have
a wonderful Christmas and I hope when we
talk again next year I hope you feel
that God has begun to make you whole I
know he will
