now it is important I guess to to the
left that even Barbie dolls have a
political agenda so first we heard for
years the Barbie dolls make little girls
feel inferior about their bodies again I
have not met these little girls my my
sister's like playing with Barbies
particularly my second sister I three
was a big Barbie doll acolyte she had
like entire boxes of Barbie dolls and
never at any point did she say well I
wish I look like Barbie like I don't
know the idea that the little girls were
sitting around getting anorexic because
they saw Barbie doll I always thought
that kind of stuff was stupid I really
don't think that's the case I think that
if you're gonna look to the reasons for
people having body dysmorphia and body
image issues it has very little to do
with Barbie and a lot more to do with
popular advertising and or parental
failures but now they've said turn
Barbie into a sin to a social justice
warrior so writer Elizabeth Seagram
wrote an article for Fast Company in
which she said just before Thanksgiving
this year Barbie had her woke
aesthetical Barbie style Instagram
channel she was pictured in a series of
photos with another doll ami wearing
t-shirts emblazoned with Love Wins the
slogan of the marriage equality movement
Barbie is a doll it's an inanimate
object Barbie didn't do anything the
people who work at Mattel did something
and the people work at Mattel did that
because they felt like catering to a
particular political audience
politicizing children's toys is really
unpleasant people it's unpleasant okay
making my three and a half year old
daughter think about lesbianism at three
and a half seems to me a bad move maybe
this is heteronormative I don't care you
know why because I think that it is
better for young girls to be thinking
along the lines of eventual marriage to
men than it is for them to think that
they can marry anyone I think it is
better for society I think it is better
for civilization now they may turn out
to be lesbians right a little girl may
turn out to be a lesbian that's okay I
don't really have a problem with that
what I do have a problem with is the
idea that society is going to suggest
that all sexual orientations have equal
impact on children or that all children
should be taught about a variety of
sexual orientations before they even
have sexual feelings or are confused
about sexual feelings confusing children
as a form of sin in my mind and adults
are fond of doing it now they're using
children's toys to do it in one pair in
one of these pictures the pair sitting
cozily in Barbie's walk-in closet
stroking a dog and staring into each
other's eyes and another they're eating
avocado toast at their favorite
Silverlake cafe
good news Barbies now a lesbian which
I'm sure makes more men than women happy
actually but that's not enough in
September a Barbie style Instagram
account featured Barbie wearing a people
are people t-shirt designed by Christian
Siriano to protest president Trump's
immigration ban
so now Barbies an immigration activist
which again it's an inanimate object why
should my three and a half year old be
taught about immigration policy this is
just you but protection protecting
children and in the innocence of
children means protecting them from
having to think about issues where they
are they've not been informed about any
of the background and then have no
capacity to make decent decisions on
these things why we don't allow
five-year-olds to vote okay let's put it
this way the target audience for your
product is not capable of making a
rational decision about a topic don't
present them the information on the
topic
okay don't present them the illusion
that they're capable of making a
rational decision about this you're
setting a bias in the background I just
think that's wrong
