let's start with the the national review
against Trump issue which came out with
his big against Trump and some of the
biggest names in the conservative
movement are used are you sorry that
happened do you think that was a mistake
or you're fine with it
rich Lowry would be a better person to
ask about that and I do think that it
gets misunderstood you know it was it
was partly my idea but I don't call the
shots a 10 hour rich does or at least he
thinks he does but I think that I think
historically it will redound to our
benefit I think it gets misunderstood by
a lot of people who call it the never
Trump issue there are lots of people who
contributed to it who were in fact
became sort of Trump supporters at least
I believe there are it came out on the
eve of the the Iowa caucuses so it was
before a single vote had been cast and
the reaction to it I have to say was not
the best moment for a lot of people I
was amazed by how many people colleagues
and friends of mine on Fox News would
say things like how dare the National
Review try to tell voters who to vote
for and like what do you think political
magazines and and so it was it was very
interesting as sort of a dye marker
about the populist moment when it came
out where we got lumped in with these
outrageous elites and the establishment
trying to tell people what to think when
that's actually sort of been part of
national reviews mission for better part
of 60 years right not to tell people
what to think but to make arguments for
a certain position so I don't know I
think you can make the case corporately
that it was a mixed bag and alienated a
lot of people I'm perfectly willing to
defend it so I'm blue in the face on the
grounds that what we were in effect
doing was endorsing the field against
Donald Trump and I don't see anything as
a major intellectual or philosophical or
journalistic criteria that says that was
a bad idea it might have been bad
marketing
it might have pissed off a lot of people
but I'm I'm fine with all that
