your life with Michael how they can hear
our audio but they can't see us for a
little bit yeah starting yes I can't
curse anymore so what is internet it's
not video oh good I was listening to
some FM radio this morning I was
surprised what they can get away with
saying undisclosed FM radio hello
everyone I'm Alicia Kraus and welcome to
episode 4 of the conversation featuring
daily wires own Ben Shapiro he's my boss
so I have to be kind of nice but I'm
gonna can I get away with calling this
the Christmas edition here we go
the conversation is streaming live on
The Daily wire web site the Ben Shapiro
Facebook page and The Daily wire YouTube
channel and it will be available to
download on soundcloud like a regular
podcast so you can listen to the car and
share it with friends later it's free
for all of our fans to watch and listen
but only daily wire subscribers get to
ask the questions so to ask questions
subscribe to The Daily wire and login to
the website then ask your questions in
the comment chat box which we will
answer in the order that we receive them
we promise that that's one of the great
things about the conversation also be
sure to stay tuned in next month
Tuesday January 16th for the fifth
episode of the conversation starring our
very own Andrew Clavin who throws a
really good Christmas party by the way
that you missed out on the new year well
it was after sundown so I thought you
might come yeah I thought so too but I
have two little kids and no babysitting
I brought my kids right but that's
because you have no taste he said that
children were allowed because he likes
like ornaments only hung it at the
4-foot level around the street ok fair
enough
actually my 4 year old had to go
decorate behind the tree that was like
facing the window and she was very
excited about that she's the only one
that got to go back there good story I
have it I have a really dumb Gentile
question ok I'm only killing time
because we're waiting for real questions
from subscribers to come in right now
I'm sure they're hastily logging in is
there an equivalent of a Christmas tree
for Hanukkah no no I mean there's
there's a menorah but that was an actual
like accoutrement day in the temple yes
right so no there's there's not like a
random shrub this you're not gonna make
wreaths and hang them on the doors or
anything no we don't do that so you just
have the Medora in the window yes right
we have the menorah in the window and we
do
to actually go and tear yard and like
chop things off the bushes like anybody
who talked about like the Hanukkah bush
haha not a Jewish thing this is this is
you being sad because you don't have
Christmas which I understand Christmas
is pretty awesome I mean it's a great
holiday but if you have to imitate the
Christians by going out and chopping off
a shrubbery and sticking it by your
fireplace then you're doing it wrong
well there was the burning bush but
that's a totally different totally
different thing so we have our first
question and you're a troll let's do and
try to get through as many as possible
Spencer asks hey Ben were you ever
unsure as to what you wanted to do with
your life when exactly did you decide to
become a lawyer and then change to
delivering political commentary
full-time so I actually never wanted to
be a lawyer so I first started off when
I was in when I was 16 I went to college
and when I was starting a college I
thought that I was gonna double major in
music and genetic biology Wow and I
walked on campus and within the first
few weeks I had seen a piece in the two
things happened one I took a genetic map
for engineering majors which was not
great and second was that I saw an
editorial in the in the daily Bruin the
UCLA paper that was really in
anti-israel anti-semitic editorial I
walked into the office I spiked around a
counter and that turned into a column I
was writing every couple of weeks and it
sort of took off from there so I didn't
know that I was getting into politics
until then and then when I went to law
school I really didn't want to be in law
school I was not interested in going to
law school my mom wanted me to be in law
school because she basically runs
business affairs for companies and it
always regretted not getting her law
degree and then Africa all sentence did
well and got into Harvard she's like you
need to go so well my career path was
essentially set from the time that I was
17 or 18 years old but it was very
different from the career path I thought
I was gonna happen I was 16 and do you
have any regrets I mean depends on the
political news cycle the political news
cycle really sucks I'm like well it'd be
nice to be in a symphony and then I
realized what people in symphonies get
paid and I'm like well I guess even
actually in politics and all symphonies
can be political as we saw with our own
friend Dennis Prager that is true as
well I'm not sure I were to survive
being a symphony
because I barely survived being in an
office this is true Dylan is asking hey
Ben you've talked a lot about Beethoven
but what do you think of Frederic Chopin
and I feel like I said that wrong you -
of Han sorry hey and what's the next WC
I know how to say that but now you made
me greetings from Oh
Switzerland okay so and cuckoo the so I
am NOT a huge Chopin famine I think you
have to be a pianist to really be a
Chopin fan everyone I know who's a huge
fan of Chopin is a pianist Debbie sees
difference NBC's orchestrations are
revolutionary and wonderful and I love
deputies music I think Debussy is just
spectacular
so your dad is a professional like he
does like Chopin although he likes I
honestly went when you're a professional
pianist or professional violinist
there's sort of the difference between
showpieces and more serious music and
chopin sort of from what he's said
anyway serve runs the line between
showpiece and serious music and my dad
tends to like more serious music so if
he's gonna play like Beethoven and
Brahms and Bach and and that sort of
music Chopin's a little more than the
showy side so if somebody wanted to take
a class that they could potentially
learn you know like cooking and music
and all these extra skills because I
feel like you have a lot of like side
things that you enjoy doing is hobbies
but you want to make yourself better at
these hobbies right could they check out
Skillshare comm thanks I got scared comm
what are those things this is the case
so are you looking to get her leg up at
work and take your career to the next
level with over three million members
more than 17,000 classes Skillshare is
the Netflix for online learning take
classes in graphic designs yes a lot
photography social media marketing
digital illustration and much much more
skill share classes they're taught by
industry experts experienced
professionals they are perfect if you're
looking to build your career or start
the side hustle dreams I took a post in
a class in watercolors believe it or not
because that's just the kind of deep for
you watercolors painted by me yeah those
will sell for at least seven dollars on
eBay but you can also get social media
marketing classes that's one of the ones
I'm taking Skillshare gives my listeners
one month free trial of unlimited access
to over 17,000 classes go to Skillshare
comm slash up hero stats Skillshare comm
slash up hero and you start your free
month today once you've started
Skillshare you're not gonna want to stop
because the learning it just helps you
broaden and deepen your resume you get
paid more makes sure that you have the
skill sets necessary in order to make
your career better and have a better
trajectory so people are able to watch
right now on youtube and on Facebook and
on the daily wire.com but only our
subscribers can ask the questions folks
so if you're a subscriber be sure to log
in we're taking
questions as soon as they come in we
have another one right now from eternal
Jinju
howdy what are your thoughts regarding
the investor George Soros so George
Soros obviously is a radical leftist
with a hard left to gentlemen he funds a
bunch of groups in the United States who
are not good for the for the body
politic also his history as an investor
has been called into question before he
was supposedly single-handedly
responsible for almost sinking the
British Pound at one point he is he's a
sketchy character to say the least but
most of the sketchiness that is
associated with Soros is associated with
his political spending he really does
fund a lot of radically anti-american
groups and those groups are are definite
kind of sticking points in the cogs of
democracy and they're sticking points in
the cognitive like what it was in the
news cycle in 2016 and 2017 well I mean
he's always you know a lot of a lot of
the groups that black lives matter
groups have been supported by George
Soros a lot of the Occupy Wall Street
groups were supported by George Soros he
is a radically left guy there's no
question next we have a question from
Tom hi Ben what is your opinion on the
proposed idea that race and IQ are
linked due to genetics rather than
environment so the evidence on race and
IQ is mixed with regard to how much
these are linked to genetics as opposed
to environment so that's never really
been clarified because you have actually
seen IQ movement in groups so when for
example the IQ test started to be used
at beginning of the 20th century Eastern
European Jews tested very low on the IQ
test and then within a generation
they're testing very high on the IQ test
a lot of it has to do with education a
lot of it has to do with how well you
speak the language and also depends when
you're taking the test so IQ tests are
quite variable a lot of the time people
take IQ tests when they're three or four
years old and those are not predictive
it's only when you get to seven or eight
years old that IQ tests are actually
predicted and of course it's necessary
to point out that even if there was a
group that had a lower IQ than another
group that does not speak to individuals
within the group and where they fall in
the IQ chart because individuals are
individuals group metrics are group
metrics so it doesn't really say a lot
for what policies should be even if
there were differentials in IQ among
various groups oh they're talking men or
women or whether you're talking racial
groups so any group that you pick
there's gonna be some IQ differential
because the people in that are not
identical and the chances that averages
out exactly the same are you know
relatively low but that said the attempt
by some to basically say that
discrepancy in in
America or in any other country are
generally caused by IQ difference as
opposed to for example culture I think
that's that's a it's a difficult road to
hoe just because IQ does not directly
correlate with with income beyond a
certain point for example okay
interesting al wants to know hey Ben
what's your response to leftists who say
gender is disconnected from sex so one
of the things that's really irritating
about how leftists address gender and
sex is that they like to redefine gender
depending on the context in which
they're using it so they'll say they'll
say that sex the Honest left this will
say there's sex which is biological
you're a man or you're a woman or you're
intersex and then they will say that
there's gender and gender is a social
construct so that's feminine or
masculine yeah okay well feminine and
masculine are connected to biology right
men tend to be more masculine women tend
to be more feminine there is a
biological connection there but the left
will do is they'll say gender is
completely disconnected from sex it's
completely arbitrary to social
constructs and then they'll read back
into sex what they want gender to be so
they'll say the gender has nothing to do
with man or woman but there is such a
thing as feminine and masculine these
are social constructs and you can push
those back in a sec so now biological
sex no longer exists a biological woman
who identifies as a gendered man is
actually a biological man right this is
the way that the left likes to treat
this and it's insane I mean you can't
conflate these terms if you want to say
that there are certain elements of
societal constructs that are clearly
socially constructed like for example
garment wear to a certain extent then
that's fair but if you want to say that
that it's not biological like feminine
and masculine attributes are unduly
disconnected from sex biological sex
there's no scientific backing for that
whatsoever especially when it relates to
hormones out for sure I mean again it's
it's it's such a bizarre world where
doctors are being misinformed about the
sex of their patient because they're
being it because the patients are being
asked gender this actually happens on
relatively frequent basis where a doctor
will enter a room I know it's happened
to my wife at least once where a doctor
enters a room and it says on the
patient's chart that the sex is not what
the sex of the person actually is and
the diagnosis can be very different if
you're having lower stomach cramps and
your man the diagnosis is very different
than if you are having lower stomach
cramps and you're a woman I'm just
wondering how long did we make it into
the conversation before Ben mentioned
his wife being a hot doctor oh that was
like 10 minutes on your new record your
nice movement I am the empty watch right
there oh yeah Lance says hey Ben loved
the show why is it that the left is so
quick to give up on their individual
rights for the sake of the suppose
public good do you believe they're
ignorant of where this will end I don't
think they're ignorant of Wordle em but
I think that they blind themselves to
where it ends I think that the left does
not believe in individual rights they
believe that you are defined by your
group identities so if you are a Jew
then it is your membership in the Jewish
group that matters if you're a black
person then it's your membership in the
black group that matters because power
can't actually be promulgated except by
group dynamics this is the sort of the
Marxist theory is that if you are an
individual there's no way you can make
it away in the world you can't really
act out in powerful ways in the world
you have to band together with other
people and so we have to identify you by
your group that's the only way that
things get done and so the left is very
focused on things getting done in terms
of what they call social justice right
even the term social justice evidence is
then they care very little about
individual rights because social justice
is all about what's good for the group
know what's good for the individual or
what's just for the individual so next
question we have from Daniel I'm trying
to get through these as quickly as
possible would Trotsky have been more
dangerous leader if he had succeeded
Lenin rather than Stalin I'm well I mean
if it's hard to imagine that somebody
would have more dangerous than Stalin
frankly so you know Trotsky you know the
difference is between the Mensheviks and
the Bolsheviks and the and the
Trotskyites and the Stalin Heights and I
feel like from afar seen election get
really I mean they from afar they they
look relatively minor as the times when
you when you look at the actual debates
between Trotsky and Stalin you know it
looks like Trotsky was Trotsky was
radical but not quite as violent to
Stalin Stalin was more violent but not
quite as radical as Trotsky but in the
end it's very hard to say that somebody
would have been a more dangerous leader
than Stalin given the Stellan ended up
murdering 50 to 60 million people
minimum so that that's a difficulty
David says hi Ben Happy Hanukkah I
wanted to know your opinion on this
issue as I debated it with my stepdad
sorry in being a Jew I'm sorry is being
a Jew racial ethnic or religious
component of one's identity hashtag
Shapiro 2024 okay so I had to get that
hashtag I appreciate it okay so racial
ethnic oh really okay so ethnic is so
it's not racial Judaism is not racial
even even Jewishness is not racial you
can see that in the Jewish community
my wife is Moroccan I am from Eastern
European extraction there are Jews from
Ethiopia so race has nothing to
that if you go to Israel you'll see
Russian Jews and you'll see black Jews
right remember when we were on a radio
show together and there was a black mrs.
real and the and the American newspapers
didn't know how to address her because
she was black right they're like well we
can't call her black but we can't call
our african-american and President Obama
met her and they were like what do we
say right exactly and the answer to
she's a black dude I mean she's a Jew
from Ethiopia so race has nothing to do
with it ethnicity being Jewish is an
ethnic category but what really matters
is Judaism as a religious identity so
one of the aspects of being a religious
Jew is that you have to be ethnically
Jewish but you about unlike normal
ethnicity I can't convert into being a
black person you can't convert into
being a Jew so you can convert
religiously into being a Jew and then
your bloodstream becomes part of the
ethnic identity of Jews the only reason
that I talk about it as an ethnic
identity is that northa Doc's Judaism if
your mom is ethnically Jewish then you
are Jewish bye-bye
Jewish law but it's not a perfect you
know it's hard to say that it's a
perfect ethnic group in the sense that
it's a self-contained ethnic group when
people can convert it no one else can
convert into an ethnic group but this is
why you have such diversity ethnically
and racially among Jews okay
Garrett says how many hours per day do
you read on Monday show you mentioned
that you read a 417 page biography in
one weekend yeah so the Beethoven
biography actually read Friday night to
Saturday morning so that's it so how
many how many stay up all night long no
I went relatively then actually thank
God every quickly yeah and I'm not a
speed reader Brad you reap it I do it
fast as far as how many hours a day I
read it really depends on what my kids
will allow me I most of my reading I get
time on the weekends so Saturday Friday
night and Saturday are really my big
reading day I would say that on a normal
day not counting the news just reading
books anywhere from half an hour to an
hour maybe if I'm lucky okay but it
depends on the day I mean if I'm if I'm
working on another book like I'm working
on a book now and that necessitates that
I read a lot so maybe a couple hours a
day when I mean where are we able to
know what this book is about so the sort
of I mean the book is basically about
why we're so angry at each other and why
it is that we've lost a common vision
for the country and it goes all the way
back to the roots of Western
civilization and talks about why it is
that we moved away from these roots so I
start literally at the Bible and
Aristotle and move forward through
Aquinas Maimonides and the founders and
then talk about the breakdown in Western
civilization basically the main thesis
is that the what what built Western
civilization was this idea of Revelation
on one hand a godly universe on the one
hand and the power of reason on the
other and those were fused together with
the idea of freedom in the American
Founding and then the West decided that
God was no longer part of this equation
was no longer necessary and the next
thing to fall was reason and then the
final thing to fall will be democracy so
that's the basic thesis
do you put this in layman's terms so
people like myself can read hope so I
mean that's that's the goal yeah and TBD
I said when it when it comes out I mean
it should be coming out 2019 so okay
let's do the end September 2018
HarperCollins yeah people will Congrats
on that by keeping forward to it just
want to get those people watching a
teaser because they here been booked
went to come here Jacqueline get really
excited Meghan Hansen says hey Ben why
did you go to DC a couple weeks ago I
cannot say I cannot say it is mysterious
but it was cool I mean I could give you
my email address no I'm kidding of it I
don't let your secret out Brandon Ben
you've mentioned your disapproval of the
Beatles hold it's gonna be fun Emily and
marketing her ears just peaked because
her husband is the biggest Beatles fan I
know I've had this argument you've had
this argument around the office minute
as with everyone else in the office
she's very much on the edge of being
fired over all the conversations like
this so your disapproval of the Beatles
but what about Elvis good question what
are your favorite bands and do even like
music at all are you human okay so the
last part thank you I appreciate it so
okay so today actually if you want to
see the music that I recommended for
today's news cycle I tweeted out about
15 separate pieces they're all classical
yes I saw them and so that's that's the
classical music that I enjoy but I also
listen to old school jazz in terms of
rock I did you save jazz are you
responsible for saving jazz like Ryan
Gosling is I don't even know what you're
talking about my gosh it's a wall Elaine
reference okay that didn't you oh god
Alesha these random references okay so
in any case as far as as far as rock
music I like Doobie Brothers I like some
of the softer rock I like Jim Croce I
like John Denver okay
but I don't know all this is music
enough to really critique it one way or
another I don't think that the rust in
your pelvis is a skill set so I'm not
sure that
Elvis's pelvis was really tremendous
thing for Western civilization what
about Bob Seger I don't know his music
lord have mercy
okay we'll get on that I promise folks
oh goodness
so if people you'd mentioned social
media you're on social media all the
time how many tweets a day do you send
out I'm trying to minimize it now but
probably 40 and if somebody wanted to
become an expert like in social media
marketing what should they do they
should go to Skillshare are you looking
to get a leg up or can take your career
to the next level with over 3 million
members more than 17,000 classes
Skillshare is the Netflix for online
learning you can take classes in graphic
design DSLR photography social media
marketing digital illustration and a lot
more skill share classes they are taught
by the best experts experienced
professionals these are not 45-minute
classes and they really are bite-sized
so you can get what you need and boil
everything else out of the program the
hosts the the the fact is that I have
taken classes in watercolors and social
media marketing and various other topics
people around the office have also done
this skill share is getting my listeners
one month free trial of unlimited access
to about 17,000 classes all you have to
do is go to Skillshare comm slash repair
there's a great gift for Christmas by
the way for folks that's given Shere
Khan flash up hero to start your free
month today and once you start you're
not gonna want to stop because it is
going to increase your earning capacity
as well you need to increase your skill
set I'm constantly stressing this on the
show if you think that you're gonna have
a job in a month you might not that's
why you need to increase your skill set
live on the edge but make sure that you
have the skill set necessary to upgrade
your salary is that threat no Alicia I
would never threaten you I wonder when
people put in their first and last name
if I should really read their first and
last night yeah they might get fired
because I don't want them to get fired
go first name let's just do Brendon here
mister Ben when do you think it's okay
to paint with a large brush a big wall I
liberals with gun owners and most right
wings with how they feel okay so I think
that generalizations can be useful but
you have to be careful with how specific
you are being so generalizations are
useful in the sense that they're
shorthand like people know what you're
saying when you say that Republicans do
act are Democrats you actually the left
doesn't actually why does why the right
is why they when you do that people that
have a general idea what you're saying
but always when you use a generalization
everybody
reading their head there are exceptions
to this rule this doesn't apply to
everyone unless you literally mean every
single person who is a member of this
subgroup believes this thing and you
know maybe we should clarify more often
what that means but I think that it is
useful for short hang because otherwise
you're gonna spend an awful lot of time
saying you know the group of which 79%
believe a and 21% believe be that group
also breaks down further into this like
in the end we're all individuals so if
you want to use any sort of shorthand at
all and not just talk about individuals
then you're gonna have to you're gonna
have to generalize there's just no way
around it okay so generalization but I
mean do you think that the left or the
right generalize is more well I mean I
think that the the question isn't who
doesn't more the question is whose does
it wrongly so I think that the right
generalizes about the left a lot less
inaccurately than them the left
generalize about the right I mean the
left the left take on the rights take on
the left generally has been that the
left is is obsessed with the notion of
libertinism that at the same time they
are communalist and communitarians that
they believe that group politics should
predominate that's endemic to left-wing
thought but right-wing thought it's hard
for the left to peg it down because they
don't really understand founding
philosophy all that well I haven't spent
a lot of time with it you'll find the I
person on the Left who really does
understand what conservatives think but
typically they just boil it down to they
must be reactionaries they identify the
right with reactionary and the right has
a tendency to to identify the left with
with badly meaning I don't think that's
badly meaning I just think they start
from different premises that are wrong
okay
Paul says hi Ben what do you think about
the show the twilight zone for me it's
the best show ever twilight zone is
fantastic so every every Thanksgiving on
sci-fi Network they show the the full-on
marathon of Twilight zones and there are
a couple episodes that are truly great
if you've never seen the howling man the
howling man is a personal favorite
episode that one is it's basically the
whole episode is basically the punchline
of the usual suspects right the the
greatest trick that I've ever played it
is to teach you that he's not there um
there there are a couple other episodes
that are that are really spectacular and
very creepy really a great creative show
and we haven't seen anything I think
probably is good since since it was
alright I would agree that's that's got
to be up there if I had to pick top TV
shows of all time no one definitely has
to be out there interesting what age
because there is a creepy old
to it and I don't do go with scary
things at what age would you start
showing your son and daughter episodes
of Twilight Zone 1314 so that'll be the
Shapiro's stand they'll be sitting on
the couch at Thanksgiving at 13 and
there I think that's right yeah okay the
writing is really good okay Joe says hey
Ben I have used the situation to argue
against government health care one
doctor is able to provide services to
one of two men one can pay and one
cannot who would you save is this a
false binary well I mean it's it's not a
false binary in the sense it's so it's a
false binary in the sense that typically
the doctor can only save one person and
you wouldn't want to gauge that based on
the level of money they have like what's
it because you could see the left coming
back with a variation on the binary in
which they say okay one person can pay
one person cannot the person who can pay
happens to be Hitler and the person who
can't happens to be Mahatma Gandhi which
one do you save right do you let the
money drive it that that's not really
what the case is against government
health care the case against government
healthcare is you there's a certain
number of people who may or may not want
to become doctors you can either pay
them all $40,000 to people or become
doctors or you can have people buy their
services and they will be paid $150,000
what do you think is gonna generate more
doctors or you have a queue you have a
line of people and the doctor can spend
a certain amount of time with each
patients how do you organize that line
do you organize that line by basic
supply and demand or do you organize
that line by forcing the doctor to care
for a certain person for a certain
amount of time and shortchange everybody
else because the fact is that what the
market does I mean when it comes to
medical care very few people are really
interested in overpaying for medical
care very few people are actually like I
want to spend an extra thousand dollars
just to spend time with a doctor
most people go into the doctor to get an
answer and leave and the way that you
determine how time should be spent is
through is through monetary transaction
again the end goal of that in terms of
from a moral point of view would be to
incentivize the creation of new doctors
and create the predominance of more
service okay so don't forget that the
conversation is streaming live right now
on The Daily wire website the Ben
Shapiro Facebook page and The Daily wire
YouTube channel and you will be able to
download it on soundcloud like a regular
podcast it's free for all of our fans to
watch and listen but only Daily wire
subscribers get to ask Ben the questions
this is our second conversation we've
done together it is for those who didn't
already pick
we are sitting in the bench pair of
studio which is kind of cool that's true
we just moved your big like oval office
type desk out of the way and now we're
sitting awkwardly on a couch I know I
don't know why they set us on the couch
is so weird
to ask questions subscribe says
subscribe to The Daily wire and log in
to the website then ask your questions
in the comment chat box which we will
answer in the order that we received
them our team is working really hard to
put them up here for Ben to answer as
quickly as possible also be sure to stay
tuned for next month's conversation on
Tuesday January 16th for the fifth
episode of the conversation starring our
very own Andrew Clavin it's the best way
to kick off the new year and he's lots
of fun so I'll have lots of fun hosting
that once again sorry guys unless Ben's
threat comes true and I'm not here next
month I will be hosting that episode of
the conversation let's keep moving
Robert says been a new subscriber
welcome Robert what are your thoughts on
Jordan Peterson's theory of religion as
its expression of archetypes of Union
archetypes so I so I think that his
books maps of meaning is a really
interesting book it's it's a little
tough to read it's a very dense volume
you know Young's notion of the
collective unconscious and and the
commonality of humanity with regard to
religion I think there's some truth to
the idea that you see certain narratives
that crop up in virtually every religion
and there's some scientific basis to
this that the human brain seeks a deity
that the human brain seeks God the the
notion that all religion is a reflection
of Jungian archetype it seems to me the
only problem there is that it sort of
equates the value of each religion and I
don't think that that's exactly right as
a religious person I wouldn't be able to
say that I think every religion is
equally valuable or equally correct
otherwise I wouldn't be a Jew I would
just be a devotee of all religion or
it's a potay of Jungian archetypes more
generally you know that may be I hope
I'm not sim oversimplifying Jordans work
obviously it's very sophisticated works
a 500-page book and the pages are all
this big and they're there it's but but
the notion of religion acting out deeper
impulses in the human psyche I think
that's that's true I agree with him
there and I think too you've also spent
a lot of your career talking about the
impact that religions have had on
cultures well understand I mean the fact
is that as I say my new book some of its
going to be on the impact of
judeo-christianity and its value system
on
Western civilization in fact I made this
argument Sam Harris when we were sort of
discussing / debating the other night I
think that podcast is coming out in a
couple of weeks it was it was really
interesting so one of the key
conversations was exactly this I was
saying to Sam you know your entire
worldview you're out your entire belief
system is you know it's atheist in both
its atheism and its belief in a moral
system our outgrowths of the
judeo-christian foundation and sam
didn't really want to grant the point
but it's you know my opinion pretty
obvious that that's the case because
obviously his hierarchy of values is
very similar to my hierarchy of values
and they we come from at it from
completely different religious points of
views that means that there is a culture
that has inculcated a lot of the
religious values that I hold dear and
then impacted Sam as well interesting
yay for Eleanor I like the e names here
she says hey Ben my question is very
open-ended
why does God exist well I mean asking
why God exists suggests that he's sort
of a creation of our imagination that
God exists because God exists I mean
that's like saying why why a chair you
know that and so you know you could say
that the chair was created for the
purpose of you to sit on but the whole
point of God is that God wasn't created
God pre-existed so saying why does God
exist disease or the the question if you
want to make more interesting you would
say why from a human perspective must
there be a god and the answer to that is
that without a God it's very difficult
to imagine the notions of choice
hierarchy of values freewill why reason
should matter the notion of morality
that that supersedes time and place how
do you get past the historicism of
saying that every moral question is an
outgrowth of the society of the era you
need you need a creator in order to in
order to make that happen also this is
another question that was asking Sam
pretty regularly and he never really
answered in my opinion I don't know how
if you are an atheist you get to a moral
system period how do you get from an is
to an odd I just like I say why why God
is like asking why a chair the only way
to answer why should there be a chair
there is by saying because there was a
creator of that chair and the creator of
that chair intended for the chair to be
sat upon because this is why he created
the chair this way and this is if you
read Aristotle this is basically
Aristotle's defense of the natural law
right natural law theory is all based on
this notion now this is ancient Greek
notion that everything is created with
it
was that everything has a purpose and
the way that you can divine the purpose
is by looking at the thing itself so
human beings have a purpose too and that
is to use our reason and the Greek idea
well if there's no Creator then it was
all created by chance then what purpose
does a human being have other than we're
just kind of walking around balls of
meat that are defined by circumstance
and genetics and we have no love of our
own we have no capacity to reason even
if we do have a capacity a reason reason
is just a higher brain function but why
is it a superior brain function no one
can really explain that so if you want
to build a system it's impossible to
build a system without the notion of
purpose and a purpose cannot exist
without the notion of a God all right
moving along Yakov is asking hi Ben
besides the white socks are you a fan of
any other Chicago team yeah I'm a Bears
fan I'm also a Blackhawks fan although
lesser so I'm a major baseball fan
a minor football fan and in different
hockey fan although I I do when I've
been to hockey games I love them fine
they're great I just I haven't spent the
time to really get invested yeah let me
spend your entire childhood invested in
baseball get him getting invested in
other sports is difficult time to pick
up a sport and be like really invest in
sylia it's one of the things that's kind
of gone by the wayside in the past few
years is my following of sports I used
to subscribe to Sports Illustrated to be
really on top of it and now my Sports
following is dropped pretty dramatically
unfortunately it's part of that because
of your busyness here of you know being
editor in chief of the daily why are you
just annoyed with the ESPN uh well I
think some both so I stopped subscribing
the Sports Illustrated after every other
if she was about Caitlyn Jenner who has
not been athletically relevant since
before I was born and then the and then
obviously the political cycle takes away
attention having kids takes away serious
amounts of attention and honestly when
it comes to baseball one of the sad
things about rooting for a team like the
White Sox is that the White Sox only win
the World Series once every hundred
years so they want it in 1917 and then
the next time they won it was 2005 and
when and after they won the World Series
if you spent your entire life rooting
for a team to win the World Series they
finally won the World Series it sort of
takes the charm out of it that's a
certain extent because unless they're
gonna win every year like it's easy to
be a Yankees fan right now Yankees fan
whenever at Yankee stands complaint is
like shut up
you won the last like oh wow it's so sad
for you it's been five years since your
team won my grandfather died without
seeing the White Sox win dude I highly
doubt that a Cubs fans would agree with
you though that it's not worth it to see
them win oh no definitely it's
definitely worth it to see them and I do
wonder if they've Cubs fan have the same
sort of
have the same sort of feeling once the
Cubs won the World Series it was like
some of the suspense went out of them
now what yeah exactly
Bunbury I'm sorry if I mispronounced
your name but he or she wants to know
Ben how can we curb the usurp ssin of
power by the judiciary without the
inevitable cries of Hitler is it even
possible with an populace increasingly
ignorant of basic civics so I think that
judicial supremacy is a terrible idea
the idea that the judiciary gets to be
the final arbiter of everything I think
is foolish and I think it runs counter
to the constitutional scheme in
Federalist W 78 it's it's Hamilton who
talks specifically about the idea that
if the judiciary should start to
exercise will instead of a will instead
of judgment that it would cease to
support its rationale for existing in
the first place all too often you see
that happening with the judiciary the
real question that needs to be asked is
who do you think should control the
future of the country elected officials
or people in robes who have been
appointed and who have no relationship
to the voter whatsoever the judiciary
was meant to be a check but it wasn't
meant to be the final say and the idea
that judicial supremacy should be the
final say I don't want Anthony Kennedy
deciding the final say for me I'd rather
frankly I'd rather have Nancy Pelosi
because there's something I can do about
getting Nancy Pelosi out of office
there's nothing I can do about getting
Anthony Kennedy out of office
enric is asking Ben can a conservative
laugh at liberal comedy like SNL Chelsea
Handler Trevor Noah
etc and still disagree with all their
politics without being hypocritical I
mean funny is funny yeah absolutely I
think that you can definitely laugh at
people who are on the left and and some
of their comedy is really talented I do
have a tough time laughing when I know
the premise of the of the joke is really
false some of it is funny just because
it's ridiculous and if you can remove
yourself from the political allegiance
then you realize that they're making
funny in front of Donald Trump for
example even for a Trump fan is still
pretty funny which is why I'll tell a
joke about Trump even though you know
maybe I'm exaggerating something a joke
is a joke but a a lot of my favorite
comedians are our folks on the Left like
Louie CK before his inevitable downfall
was he some of his routines are
absolutely hysterical and I'm sure we
would disagree about virtually
everything political and and I think
it's interesting because I find most the
time that conservatives like you and I
are more willing to watch SNL or 100%
left-leaning view
and laugh at their stand-up routines and
their performances but people on the
Left aren't gonna turn and watch a
conservative that is definitely true
anybody who is remotely on the right
will immediately be discounted by the
left because it's too offensive it's too
crazy it insults their worldview and so
if they here's the thing when we laugh
at the left doing the left's thing it's
because we understand that they're wrong
but what they're doing is still funny
when the left sees the right what they
see from us is they believe that we are
representative of an evil worldview and
if they laugh they are now complicit in
the evil worldview that must be really
sad and unfunny way to live life I mean
I think that honestly like I get a lot
of you know I get a lot of flack for you
know you're constantly angry and cynical
to do the truth is I'm a pretty happy
fellow just not publicly
and not towards other people right well
my family accepting my immediate family
TJ wants to know hey Ben you ever wonder
why we're here like in this room to make
money but beyond that but I think he
means on earth in that's not earth I
mean I've always felt that we are here
to fulfill certain godly duties and
those duties are both discernible
through human reason to a certain extent
and also and also discoverable through
revelation so being a religious person
solves a lot of these problems but I
think even if I were irreligious I think
that the purpose of being here would be
to use right reason as Aristotle would
put it okay do we have a next question
ready to go trying to roll through these
as much as possible don't forget only
our daily wire subscribers are able to
ask the questions but anyone can be
watching right now on the bench Shapiro
Facebook page on daily we're calm and on
their youtube channel also you'll be
able to download this later just like
any other podcast via soundcloud I
actually had a lot of people the last
time we did the conversation together
say that they listen to it on their
drive home nice and rush hour in the
Beltway DFW anywhere so you can do that
and send it to friends Jesse wants to
say hi Ben will you ever tour Australia
I love you you have a big following here
and you will love the weather so my
understanding is that there are a couple
of places that are looking to sponsor me
to come to Australia there's also a
British tour in the works I think and at
some point we'll probably do an Israel
trip as well and I also think that we
should do an episode of the conversation
there I'm just saying I know I know
Alicia I know you want us to drag you
all over the place for free no no not
for free just I mean I've been in
Australia but I'd love to go back I
like the people of Australia it's great
okay well I think that you actually
might like the people there I mean I
like the Australians that I know and I
say that the only question is is whether
to bring they're the kids are not 16
hour flights with children or I actually
think so my husband I went there for our
honeymoon and I think it was 17 hours
from LAX to Sydney yeah and I have a one
and a half year old and he does not stop
moving 1/2 year old boy boy like 1/2
year old girl she'd been calm she'd been
fine like even now she can hit on long
flights she's three and a half and he'll
problem yeah he is he is just a ball of
energy he will not stop moving which one
of your kids do you think is more like
you like personality-wise
probably her she's very serious I mean
and you know you know my daughter so
she's she's she's very sweet but there's
also an undercurrent of contempt for the
world yeah that I really appreciate
about her she occasionally gives me the
same look her father gives me yeah I
love her she said like yeah uh-huh look
of scorn the look of school see leisure
often gets the look of scorn
yeah and my son I think is probably more
like my wife he's a he's very he's a
sweetie but he's also very determined
although I will say this it's really
funny I think that both my kids have a
real temper and they and I am fairly
certain it is not for me literally the
other day we went down to Laguna Beach
and my wife we passed a parking spot
uh-huh and my wife did the thing that
everyone hates where she got out of the
pact
she got out of the car she stood in the
parking spot because I was you know like
some cars behind yeah and some jerk
would was trying to like almost run her
over and she gets back in the car and
she's angry like really mad about it
sure and just going off and my three and
a half year old daughter then picks up
that mommy's angry and starts going nuts
about it for four hours every so often
she just turns eight
that guy took our parking spot we found
another parking spot I was like
sweetheart this one's on you is one's
not on me you're like that's from your
jeans not mad that's exactly right which
is hilarious cuz if you ever meet my
wife she's the sweetest person in the
world tiny sweet like super kind person
right opposite of you but you that's
that's exactly right but she's it but
she is Israeli and there is a there's a
fire there this is an undercurrent of
rage that there's a quiet rage that
comes out in the serial killer moments
but Daniel says hey Ben conservatives
agree that businesses should be able to
choose who they serve or not serve do
you think this same principle applies to
industries like hospitals should they be
able
discriminate so my basic logic holds the
same meaning that yes you get to choose
who to service and who not service now
that has some pretty dire consequences
when it comes to hospitals but the truth
is that when you read the Hippocratic
oath one of the whole things about being
a doctor is that you are immediately
assuming a particular burden it's not a
legal burden but it is a moral burden
ihar the truth is you'd be very
hard-pressed to find a lot of doctors
either historically or currently who
would legitimately turn away sick people
because they don't like their face or
something like oh that's right it's not
it's not it's not a thing so I mean if
it were to be a thing then you know I'm
then I'm fairly certain other doctors
would be available who would move into
the neighborhood put that doctor out of
business if you're missing throw-up
doctor who's turning away large
populations because you're just a piece
of garbage that's then yeah I think that
you'd have a hard time but that's again
that it's endemic to the profession of
being a doctor that you're gonna take
care of the person who's in front of you
so we have a question from a been to a
been dear been what does the afterlife
look like to you well it's a giant
cheese ravioli and all you do is you
just eat it all day but it's invite but
what kind of sauce well there are sauce
but it but it but in any case that's one
of things I miss about being slightly
younger when my wife and I would
literally get like two bags of ravioli
like the 16 piece frozen ravioli boil
them and eat the entire thing you can do
that now yes but I'll be fat now I just
have to care about that so the as far as
what an afterlife looks like so the
Jewish version of an afterlife there's
some debate on this I've always been a
little bit skeptical of people who claim
to have a very solid read on the
afterlife since no one that in our
religion no one that we know of has
really come back and talked about it so
the the basic idea of an afterlife that
I've heard is is basically bifurcated
there's the Tomioka idea which is you
sit around and you basically learn what
God's structure was for the world and
you get to deconstruct everything that
happened like there's your what there's
different levels of heaven and your
scholarship determines where you were
there's a lot of there's a lot of tales
in the Talmud about people who are in
heaven
talking over you know what we're
basically learning sitting around in
learning thank seminary kind of okay
you're kind of and then there's the the
version of heaven that is a little bit
more capitalistic in nature which is
that you are basically absorbed back
into God
that God granted you divine spark when
you die that divine spark is reunited
with God whether you retain your you
retain your you may retain your
individual identity but you are
basically one with God at that point and
I find that a relatively compelling
argument considering that once your body
is gone and your soul is still there
that I don't think that you just walk
around in heaven heavens basically just
a nicer version of Earth I don't think
that it's probably a difference in kind
not a difference in degree but either
way you're hoping there's cheese ravioli
well there better be I mean otherwise it
was and the rest is keeping kosher worth
it I mean Lance says how can I justify
being against transgender people if I
believe Mills statements the only power
I can force on someone is to protect
others even if it is for their own good
so the John Stuart Mill statement if M
if I'm getting that paraphrase correctly
was that you can only force on someone
the ability to protect themselves look I
think that to serve in the United States
military is not just it's not a right
it's a privilege and this has been true
for every military service in the
history of man if you are fat if you are
out of shape if you are injured if you
are crazy you don't get to serve in the
military if you suffer from depression
you don't get to serve in the military
like their actual standards on joining
the military one of those standards
seems to me that you should know whether
you are a man or a woman and that the
end that we should not have to be
worried about whether you're going to
undergo some sort of either surgical
transition or significantly higher
levels of depression and suicidality in
the military that seems perfectly
logical to me but again I think the best
people who are positioned to make those
sorts of statements are the people who
are permanently serving in the military
the people who are actually serving on
the front lines from what I can see from
the polls of people in the military they
are very much against the idea of
transgender troops in combat the
generals that I've talked to are not in
favor of social engineering via the
military you know I'm not going to sit
there and and force military policy I
think it I think that all of what I just
said is logical but again transgender
people want to join the military are
doing something that I wasn't willing to
do and so all I can do is clap for their
heroism that said that doesn't mean that
I think the policy should be should be
changed that everyone who wants to join
the military gets to join the military
has a right to join the military okay
tom says hi Ben what's your opinion of
Theresa May especially with regard to
the free speech in the UK as well as
brexit well I don't have a particularly
opinion on Theresa majors because I
haven't watched her closely enough with
regard to brexit I was in favor of
brexit I think that the EU is an
overbearing regulatory institution I'm
very much
Daniel Hannan in this regard as far as
the the free stress restrictions in the
free speech restrictions in the UK those
are extraordinarily heavy and those
should be relieved as soon as possible
if I were to say half the things that I
say today in the United States in the UK
there is always the possibility that
could be brought up on some sort of
charges because they they really crack
down on what they perceive to be
quote-unquote hate speech which is
really just the government arbitrarily
deciding what speech should be allowed
and what speech it on Chris's hi Ben I
hear you mention your discussions about
free will versus determinism with your
wife what is your stance on that I
personally believe in free will and
could use some Hebrew hammer points so
I'm a big advocate of the idea of as if
or well I'm trying remember what they
what the formal term is free will in
which you could choose other than you
have chosen okay so you could so you can
choose differently than you did I said
there's a bunch of different versions of
free well there's that compatibilist
notion of free will which is sort of the
determinants when free will are both
there I don't think that that's really
logical there is the the full-on Sam
Harris version which is the free will
doesn't exist your ball with meat
wandering through the universe aimlessly
and you don't really have the capacity
to choose for yourself I and there's
freewill maximalist which is that your
biology doesn't matter and there's my
position which is your biology matters
and constrains what you are capable of
choosing but in the end you do have to a
certain extent the capacity to choose
and that capacity to choose is what
allows you to make your life better
and without that capacity to choose all
of morality breaks down all of
civilization breaks down how can we
determine what is bit there's no concept
of bad and good that does not rely on
the notion of personal responsibility
personal responsibility cannot exist in
a world where you're not responsible for
any of your actions basically some
firing in your neurons is responsible
for all of your actions so free will is
not only a requirement for civilization
I think it is a truth and I think that
you know people like to call it an
illusion and you know I've asked this to
people including Sam I'm you know who
are on the determinist side which is so
why are we sitting here
other than we were just I guess forced
to be here by circumstance I guess we
might as well enjoy it what exactly what
what exactly compels people to come out
to a theatre and watch what compels
people to think about ideas why is
reason to think reason is just another
brain function so why should we stump
for reason are you capable of changing
anyone you know why shouldn't you sit
around all day and when they say and if
they say well you know it's
to sit around all day say well what if
your biology drives you to sit around
all day it's AI think that the human
brain let's say for example the
determinists are right I think the human
brain is incapable of comprehending its
own demise the demise of mind and their
mind and the demise of individuality and
reason okay so I think we're almost
wrapping up so you need to get in your
questions now you can do that by
watching the streaming live on The Daily
wire website the Ben Shapiro Facebook
page and the daily wired YouTube channel
and you'll be able to download the
conversation later on then SoundCloud
just like any other podcast and listen
to it over and over and over again if
you so choose it's free for all fans to
watch and listen but only the daily
where subscribers get to ask the
questions and to ask questions subscribe
to The Daily wire and login to the
website right now then you can ask your
questions in the comment chat box which
we will answer in the order that we
received them also once again be sure to
stay tuned because next month I'll be
sitting down on Tuesday January 16th for
our fifth episode of the conversation
starring Andrew Clavin it's the best way
that kick off the new year you know all
the holiday parties are done maybe
you're having to get back to the gym and
diet and you're like this is awful tuna
and watch Andrew who he'll definitely
cheer you up
ok just look for exit polls you know I
suppose an l-value ok is that what
you're really bored I wasn't bored with
you and I mean not only what I've been I
am a religious Southern Baptist and I
wanted to know the reasoning behind
practicing kosher eating standards and
what they are okay so the textual reason
is that a lot of it is right there in
the text of Leviticus written talks
about not eating shellfish I want to
talks about not eating meat milk
together what it really says is don't
need a kid in its mother's milk all of
these things are directly from the text
of the Bible the basic logic to them is
very often about separation so Judaism
is very much about is about kedusha okay
so this is a root in Hebrew a little bit
of Hebrew lingo for y'all I is is it
school daaaad shin and what it means is
separation so it's used for wedding so
when you are when you are my cottage
someone when you have condition then
it's a wedding
so that separates your life when you're
single from the time after when you are
sanctifying the Friday night meal you do
kiddush right same root of the word and
that's to sanctify the meals to separate
that meal from all the other meals and
two separate Sabbath from weekdays okay
so the same thing is true for a kosher
that the kashrut is all about the idea
of separating the clean
from the unclean separating the the pure
from the impure and so for example the
separation between meat and milk is all
about the idea that milk represents life
and meat represents death and you
shouldn't mix the two because death does
not exist in life and nor does really
life exists in death the idea being that
these are two separate things and you
should keep them separate so Judaism is
very much about that and then you know
on the back of that there's some
practical concerns that people now
obviously bring up but they weren't
relevant morally you know there's all
the people who say well you don't eat
pig because of trichomoniasis and this
kind of thing and maybe that was the
case but God doesn't say so so I'm not
gonna attribute you know scientific
rationales to God where he doesn't try
to make them himself I'm just sad you
can't have bacon I keep hearing this I
keep hearing this beef bacon is pretty
good but no I've taken me to the candy
to be fake it yeah you say you had the
candy be faking like well I don't know
over here no I know oh really okay
ah I gotcha yeah you are getting me a
Christmas gift after all it's fake see
Catalina is asking a hey Ben what do you
think about the peace deal between FARC
and the Colombian government I lot I
live and I'm stuck in Colombia and it
feels like we will turn into Velen
Venezuela any time so I am gonna plead
ignorance on this because I do not know
too much about the the current situation
in Colombia I do know that FARC is a
bunch of communist insurgents who oughta
been wiped off the map long though and
any peace deal with a terrorist group
usually ends badly for the government of
power so those are my broad line
thoughts but again I'd want to study a
little more to give you a more specific
answer and we hope for that it seems
like all of Central America like
Guatemala Colombia
it's a stir area right now it's not good
no it is not and I mean we it's one of
the reasons why the illegal immigration
problem is such a problem yeah people
are literally fleeing from countries
that are hellholes and sending their
children over yeah that was something
that we saw here in Los Angeles
specifically in Southern California a
couple years ago when people are sending
their children over and then they were
having to set up these camps like in the
middle of San Diego County yeah and they
weren't just people the I think it was
assumed oh they're all Mexican
immigrants but they weren't no I huge
percentage of immigrants now are coming
from Central and Latin America not
directly from Mexico okay don't forget
if you are a subscriber
log in and you can ask us questions and
hello to all the people watching on
Facebook but if you're commenting in the
comments you're trying to ask questions
they haven't been asked it's because
you're not asking the right way because
you need to become a subscriber and go
to the daily where calm and enter your
questions in the chat box okey-dokey
so AJ says hey been a friend of mine
came to me because he was having trouble
with an assignment for class the
assignment was to create his own
terrorist group what they do this in
school now is there any advice you could
give to my friend yes so what he should
do is he should declare a terrorist
group a terrorist group
should be based on certain fundamental
principles it should be based on low
taxation non importation of tea and in
various other anti-government activities
but the only government who should be
formally opposing is a foreign dominated
government from overseas that refuses to
accelerate representation for such
taxation okay that seems to me like an
awesome terrorist group if I were them
to start one
we'd also attract cornered hats and we'd
have really cool coats and everything
would be pretty hot we'd be better
writers parent terrorists I think that's
pretty good terrorist group and
depending on the professor he might
actually think that that's a dangerous
group of terrorists okay what he just
taught them tea partiers but actually
like the original ones Aleksey says hey
Ben do you think there is any hope for
the Russian Federation it really seems
that every year it moves closer to a
third world dictator I mean the only
real hope is is for there's a real
nostalgia that's been built up in Russia
around the idea that Russia was a world
power when the Soviet Union was a world
power it was still a hellhole and there
was this tremendous misimpression I
think that was created there there's a
fantastic book I've recommended it on
the show before and its name eludes me
for the moment and one I think one the
people it surprised a few years ago but
basically it's retellings of all these
experiences that people have had in
russia from the beginning of communism
until now what you sense is a real
masala drum a lot of Russians for a time
when Russia was a world power and when
when the Soviet Union collapsed there
was a belief that this that Russia was
going to turn into America overnight
that basically it was gonna go because
it was a world power and then the
government that was spending on money on
the military collapsed then now
everything was gonna flip a switch and
when world power Russian we still be a
world power and instead Russia turned
into a second-rate power and the and the
desire to be seen again as a force in
world history continues to be very
strong in Russia and that's enabled a
lot of bad people like Vladimir Putin
who is constantly trying to demonstrate
to his public that he is exhausted that
he is increasing Russian power in the
world
once that ends when people begin to to
realize that a world stage
matters a hell of a lot less than
whether you can take care of your family
and this becomes a widespread belief
then that would better also there's just
not rule of long rush I mean there
actually needs to be a government that
comes in and breaks the oligarchy at the
top and that's there a lot of mistakes
that were made in the 90s in the early
2000s with regard to the government
basically taking what was left over that
whatever assets were left over and
redistributing them to quote-unquote
private industry who really just friends
the government okay Jared is in Phoenix
I'm guessing and he says hey Ben I'm
waiting for marriage before I have sex
how do I find a girl that does not only
want to have oh how do I find a girl
that does not only want to have sex I'm
in college okay so first of all I think
that that end part it's like really sad
it's a no-man's land okay so first of
all good for you Jared
I I have not found it to be the case
that that women in college are desperate
for sex I think this is a male fantasy
that women are constantly desperate for
sex all the time
Seth Rogen yeah Karen movies right I
mean if only it were so say it says
every man ever right I mean the idea
that women are desperately looking for
sex in the same way that guys are I
don't think is true as far as finding a
girl who is who's not looking to have
sex before marriage go to church I mean
I honestly like go to a place where
people agree with you ideologically and
in terms of virtue that's the best place
to start but I mean these are questions
that my wife and I legitimately asked
each other on our first date I remember
asking my wife if she if she was a
virgin oh you didn't that she didn't ask
you the ten questions from feminists no
she did knock him over at about you know
and she and she asked me whether I was a
virgin like these were important things
to both of us and because these were
important and it wasn't important
because I hold some sort of outsized
value with regard to virginity the
reason that it was important to me is
because what this said is that sex was
supposed to be inherently connected with
a deeper relationship than a
relationship of marriage and that she
took sex seriously she took commitment
seriously and she took intimacy
seriously not because I think that you
know once you have sex you're solid or
something like that I don't think that's
right okay Ryan Thompson says hi Ben I
was raised as a reformed Jew but I'm
interested in exploring other sects of
Judaism
such as conservative or Orthodox what
should I consider in exploring these
other sects let me know I think first of
all if you are if you are a reformed Jew
then you probably have not had a lot of
experience with the Bible itself you
probably not have had a lot of
experience with Judaic thought a lot of
reformed Judaism is based around social
justice warrior ring if you want to
start with your good books to read that
are illiterate
an interesting about Orthodox Judaism I
think Jonathan Sacks is quite good re a
Kaplan is quite good both of them are
our Orthodox rabbis and take second
order some very seriously Rea Kaplan was
a rocket scientist Jonathan Sacks is the
chief rabbi of Israel of Great Britain
one was for a while and you know
starting with an adherence to the Bible
is that is the first thing but so read
the Bible and then read commentaries on
the Bible because the fact is that one
of the straumann that's been built up is
that everyone who is a Bible believer
takes every word of the Bible absolutely
literally I know virtually no one in the
Orthodox community who takes every word
of the Bible 100% literally because if
you did then you'd be a statue see not a
Pharisee right I mean for it to take the
old distinction that I think is actually
misaligned and then in the New Testament
the reality is that Ferriss itical
Judaism is just rabbinic Judaism
Sadducees we're folks who tried to take
the Bible as literally as possible and
you end up in some pretty weird places
if you do that Robert says Ben what
evidence do you have that the free
market will be able to provide
affordable good health care for those on
a minimum wage so the evidence is just
that every other product that has ever
been provided in the history of man has
become more affordable in a free market
and health care should not be an
exception to that rule the only thing
that how health insurance is not going
to be necessarily more affordable but
health care will be more affordable so
there is a difference health insurance
is about insuring you against future
loss if you're already sick I'm not
insuring you against future loss I'm
paying you to be sick that's not the
same thing
when it comes to health care itself the
prices will go down in every area of
health care when there is open
competition and full transparency and
that can only happen in a fully
privatized market the case in point of
this would be laser eye surgery laser
eye surgery is not insured the cost of
laser eye surgery went for like twenty
thousand dollars a night at about five
thousand four thousand dollars an eye
it's widely available you get an
on-demand the reason for that is because
it's a free market system I haven't done
any of these things neither private but
I mean like things like Botox plastic
surgery
I know for my 40th may be exactly haha
next we have a who says hey Ben do you
have any advice for a young lawyer
looking to transition into political
commentary or writing sounds like kind
of money makes transition that you made
I thought you would have some uniquely
good insight on this and thanks love the
show okay so the answer is right for
free so everybody wants to be paid
upfront everybody wants to make a living
upfront how to become a paid columnist
or paid upon it
the answer is you don't you start off
writing for free pretty much everyone
who's written for us has started off as
on a trial basis writing for us either
for free or for kind of a day wage
because we pay people while they try out
you need to actually get your foot in
the door just like anything else if
you're gonna apprentice at a place you
have to have an apprenticeship you don't
just jump in full fledge no one takes
your opinion seriously unless you spend
a lot of time in the minors it's really
funny because you know thank God I think
that my exposure has increased pretty
radically since 2012 when we first
started working together but before 2012
I was working in this business since
2003 yeah
so I mean it so everyone pretty much
everyone in the conservative comment
area who is a success became an
overnight success after 15 years of hard
work being nothing in the industry and I
think that's that's fairly common across
all industries right you labor in your
labor in your labor then suddenly you
break through it was like where did they
come from
right exactly you've been there all
along and the answer is reading books
for a decade that's where I was yeah
that's what you're so smart we only have
a few minutes less so we're gonna try to
roll through all these as quickly as
possible you mentioned on Monday that
the kid that was being bullied should
beat up bullies you also mention not
punching people can you explain the
difference it is it only if it is
physical yeah it's only if it's physical
bullying some people call you names or
if they're maybe you don't gets punched
them if somebody punches you should be
the living hell out of them okay so
that's the that is my consider take on
the issue it is good to grow a thicker
skin people can be nasty and cutting and
horrible but there is a difference in
kind between speaking nastily about
somebody and physically hitting them I
know the difference both it happened to
me yeah and it is imperative that you
know the difference because otherwise
number one you'll be wrong and number
two you'll get in trouble
well in some times it's hard because I'm
you obviously were the chief receiver of
awful threats in scepter in the 2016
elections I know and sometimes it's yes
it those are technically verbal assaults
but at what point should you be
legitimately afraid that they could
become worse I mean when there's an open
threat of violence that's a slightly
different thing and people take it
differently right it's the difference
between saying something mean an actual
assault right assault and legally
speaking assault is a threat of violence
a credible threat of violence so if I
were to like swing my fist at your face
and then stop and in short that's an
assault if I were to let it hit you
they'll be battery right people mix
these two terms up but the same thing is
true with regard to a death threat if
somebody sends me a threat saying I'm
coming to your house at 3 a.m. to kill
you or I'm gonna kill you then that's it
actual assault it's not it's not a it's
not just free speech deftly Ethan says
hey Ben I love the show how can we
address equal opportunities for black
men as father figures when they suffer a
job application disparity so the
evidence on job application disparity is
actually relatively scant there have
been a couple of studies that been done
one suggest that when you submit your
name and the name is de quante or
something that people identify as
culturally black then you're less likely
to get a job but there's another study
that basically suggests that black and
white have nothing to do with it it has
to do with the culture right so it's a
quante is gonna get a job application
approved far less often than brian
johnson if brian johnson it's a black
eye even if it's brian jefferson and
jefferson typically black named in the
united states so the reason for that is
that job interviewers are going to seek
any information they can about you this
holds true by the way in every community
right if there's a difference but if i
were to call myself in you i mean is it
opposed to benjamin I get a different
class of people who look at me right
there's just it's just a fact like
people people treat each other
differently based on their names because
they try to learn culture from names but
you can't really do that just from a
last name per se as far as job disparity
I think that that job disparity really
does not occur at the middle and upper
class it doesn't even occur in the lower
class for people who are applying for
jobs for which they are qualified the
black single motherhood rate the the
poverty rate among black two-parent
families is six percent in the United
States the the single the white mother
poverty rate is 22 percent it was as of
a few years ago so the idea that black
fathers cannot get jobs I don't think is
right unless they have for example
criminal history or worse resume okay
Hunter says and this is our last
question hunter says hey Ben do you
think that Trump will continue to push
conservative policies as his
administration continues or given to
Democrats well I've given up I'm trying
to predict the president so I think that
you know he is I don't think that he is
a true de conservative he doesn't speak
conservatism that said all the people
around him are conservative or at least
some of them are and that means that the
last three weeks of policy have been
extraordinarily conservative some of the
most conservative policy I've ever seen
in my time covering politics a lot of
hidden depend on the the situation
surrounding him let's say he loses the
house in 2018 if he loses the house in
2018 I think he could see an attack
significantly to the left in an attempt
to work with Democrats but only a
Democrat
to work with him if not you can see him
tacked to the right one of the reasons
he's moved to the right is because he
feels his only base of support is with
the right and so that being the case him
being alienated by everyone else and
only supported by people on the right
he's gonna try and please his base so
that's a good thing I mean I think for
executive policy that's a good thing but
he didn't need to win over some people
in the middle if number one he hopes to
win reelection and number two if he
hopes to actually pass any major
legislation beyond what is always sort
of to give me four Republicans of a tax
cut I can't believe this was an ass but
what do you think our chances are of
holding the house and in 2018 not good I
mean I would put it it it maybe forty
percent right now okay you know I don't
think it's like 30 or 20 percent and a
lot can happen between now and then but
given the enthusiasm gap and the fact
that it's an off year election
presidents typically lose twenty three
seats in an off year election we only
have a twenty three seat majority now or
twenty five seat majority now that's
it's a pretty good shot we lose although
the only countervailing evidence is that
all the districts have basically been
polarized they're not purple districts
anymore that a lot of red districts in a
lot of blue districts and we do not have
any exit polls yet from Alabama but not
as far as I know everybody should be
watching Twitter and stay tuned next
month on Tuesday January 16th for the
fifth episode of the contract
conversation starring our very own
Andrew Klavan and hosted by me Ben thank
you for being here I appreciate it and
thank you for watching be sure to keep
up with the daily wire like our facebook
page or youtube channel all that fun
stuff oh and by the way you can download
this episode and listen to it on
soundcloud and share with friends
I'm Alicia Krause thank you so much for
watching
you
