facts are under attack and the barbarous
tyranny of feelings is ascendant we will
analyze a wonderful Co FFA weekend of
some of the fakest news yet total self
humiliation by the mainstream media CNN
Washington Post New York Times oh my
then the great Victor Davis Hanson vdh
helps us kick off our new segment this
day in history on the anniversary of
Hitler's dumb decision to challenge the
red white and blue don't be like Hitler
stick around these colors don't run
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Knowles show
you know there's a meme going around
it's been going around for a while which
is literally Hitler so you'd say you
know Donald Trump cut taxes he is
literally Hitler Donald Trump thinks
that Supreme Court justices should
respect the text of the Constitution
he's literally Hitler you know any
trivial thing that you don't like
becomes literally Hitler well today is
different we are going to talk literally
about Hitler with today is the
anniversary of Germany declaring war in
the United States one of the worst
decisions of the war Victor Davis Hanson
the Martin Ely Anderson fellow at the
Hoover Institution has a great new book
that just came out about this the second
world wars so we will talk to him but
before we get to Hitler literally Hitler
we have got to talk about something
slightly less awful just slightly which
is the Democrat operatives who pretend
to be journalists on television let's
begin with CNN CNN exclusive in the
Russia investigation an electronic trail
has emerged showing a possible attempt
to share hacked WikiLeaks documents with
the Trump campaign let's get right to
CNN's Manu Raju with these breaking
details mono what have you learned
well John Donald Trump his son Donald
Trump jr. and others in the Trump
Organization they received an email in
September 2016 offering a decryption key
and website address for hacked WikiLeaks
documents now this is according to
September 4th 2016 email provided to
congressional investigators by the Trump
Organization now to put the timeframe in
context here this email came months
after the hacked emails of the DNC were
made public and one month before
WikiLeaks began leaking the contents of
Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta
hacked emails and shortly before Trump
jr. began an exchange of direct messages
on Twitter with WikiLeaks now
congressional investigators are trying
to determine whether the individual who
sent the September email is legitimate
and whether it shows additional efforts
by WikiLeaks to connect with Trump's son
and others on the Trump campaign you saw
that that that looked like a news report
that sounded like a news report right
it's got the guy in the suit it's got
the Chiron z-- and the backdrop in
everything it looked like a news report
it reminds me of that stupid ad that's
and put out and said this is an apple it
looks like an apple it is an apple that
was that's like CNN but it is that
wasn't a news report do you know how
much of that was true how much of what
they say they were saying it's so
soberly straight-faced very serious
breaking news exclusive gee how much of
that was true none of it that wasn't
true that's fake news CNN reported that
Donald Trump and Donald Trump jr. were
emailed a link from WikiLeaks or from
someone connected to WikiLeaks days
before WikiLeaks were leached the batch
of emails to the public so there it is
that's the collusion we've been waiting
for all hear it we finally got the
smoking gun
forget Van Jones said Russia is a
nothing burger forget James Comey under
oath said that most of these stories are
nonsense we've got the smoking gun so
CNN's Manu Raju Jeremy heard their
report we now have the first evidence
that Trump's campaign was given advanced
info on WikiLeaks stolen documents from
Democrats and there's just one problem
with that report which is that there is
no evidence that Trump received advanced
information on stolen documents from
Democrats other than that other than the
content of the report that was totally
right
but except for the reporting that was
wrong but it looked right it looked like
the news it even it was on television
like the news is the guys were suits
like the news do even the Washington
Post left-wing as can be
democracy dice darkness or whatever even
they pointed this out they were the
first to call at CNN for this fake
report so CNN reported that the email
the awful email saying that WikiLeaks
did all this was sent on September 4th
that was nine days before WikiLeaks
released it turns out though the email
was really sent on September 14th that
one-digit makes a big difference
ten days later that was after WikiLeaks
had tweeted out the info this was
completely publicly available
information WikiLeaks in the tweet said
678 megabytes of DNC documents from
gusoff ur and here's the password and
here's how you unlock it right they gave
everything that's in his email that
WikiLeaks had tweeted out already so the
email came from this guy Mike Ericsson
and we don't I've never heard of Mike
Ericsson before so CNN's report
insinuated that Mike Harrison but
Ericsson might be a Russian agent now I
don't know I didn't look into
so let's do five seconds of research
turns out he's not turns out after I'm
just getting it in my ear they're doing
five seconds of research and yeah turns
out that guy is the president of an
aviation management company but I guess
CNN doesn't have asked access to Google
you know or doesn't they don't have
telephones where they can call people
and check any of their facts so instead
they have to suggest that Mike Erickson
is a Russian agent and and completely
screw up the dates so it goes from being
I guess sort of a story to being nothing
to being WikiLeaks sent out a tweet and
a trump supporter forwarded that tweet
to them and said hey look at this you
know like just friends do it's like a
chain email or something but do not
worry it gets better not only were the
email day it's completely off
undermining the entire story but as
Trump juniors lawyer explains quote the
email was never read or responded to
which the House Intelligence Committee
knows so Donald Trump juniors lawyer had
a masterful response here and this
brings up some questions he said quote
the email was never read it responded to
the house Intel committee knows this it
is profoundly I've lost his I've lost
his line here it is profoundly
disappointing that members of the House
Intelligence Committee would
deliberately leak a document with the
misleading suggestion that the
information was not public when they
know there was not a scintilla of
evidence that mr. Trump jr. read or
responded to the email so not only do
they get it completely wrong there isn't
any evidence that they even saw this
thing now this raises a question
especially for the political operative
types who don't think that there are
really any such thing as coincidences in
politics who leaked it Donald Trump Jr's
lawyer says it was a Democrat on the
House Intelligence Committee who would
have access to this testimony in this
information I suppose it could be that
but as the Daily Caller reported how CNN
got its report so wrong is unclear so
one has to wonder was it a Democrat on
the committee who saw the emails who
heard the testimony and then that
Democrat just got it completely wrong or
was it a Republican was it someone
the Trump administration the Trump
apparatus who leaked it knowing that CNN
would never do its due diligence would
never check inhibits bags would
breathlessly report this thing and then
look up look humiliated when it came out
that this wasn't true
hard to tell we're posing to difficult
interests against one another Democrat
incompetence and Republican strategy I
don't know I don't know which one I
believe I guess they're not not mutually
exclusive but if I had to gamble here I
would suggest this might have come from
the Republicans because every effect of
it was so beneficial it totally knocked
CNN for a loop Donald Trump was ready to
go to slam these people the Trump lawyer
was ready to go to slam them so I don't
know it looks like they may have gotten
taken advantage of the tactic has been
used before you'll remember on my
doppleganger Rachel Matt as show she was
posting we have the Trump tax returns we
have them someone gave us the the
envelope and then when she read it on
air it proved that Trump had paid taxes
it completely destroyed their narrative
and they got got they got hacked because
they didn't do their due diligence and
Republicans plotted and planted
information there that might be the case
here I'm not certain of that 55 45 6040
but I wouldn't be surprised now the fake
news does not end there over the weekend
I don't know how we didn't work we
should have come in and done a show
Washington Post does not get off the
hook it's true they called out CNN for
pushing fake news but they don't get off
the hook the Washington Post's Dave
Wiegel posted a screenshot of an
auditorium before a Trump speech this
was a tweet and he wrote on it
sarcastically packed to the rafters did
you get it because it was empty dude
that was the picture showed that it was
completely empty so do you get it it's
really funny isn't it except it turns
out it wasn't so now as Donald Trump
responded he said Dave Wiegel Washington
Post put out a phony photo of an empty
arena hours before I arrived at the
venue with thousands of people outside
on their way and real photos now shown
as I spoke packed house many people
unable to get in demand apology and
retraction from fake news wopo so in his
defense Wiegel did apologize he
responded he said sure thing I apologize
I deleted the
after David Marta schoo who's a
conservative journalist told me I've
gotten it wrong was confused by the
image of you walking in the bottom right
corner now what that really should read
is somebody called out my fake news and
now I've got to move on to the next
dirty trick so I'll admit that you got
me on this one but you know he did
apologize for posting him but his
apology missed the missed the whole
point so how did the Washington Post
which reported all of this how did they
respond how did they cover this little
dust-up here's the headline quote
President Trump calls for Washington
Post reporter who apologized for
inaccurate tweet to be fired completely
misses the point it is not just that
it's an inaccurate tweet sure it's an it
is inaccurate he posted fake news but
it's the arrogance it's how smug it's
how condescending it's and it's
inaccurate that's on top of it it's the
packed to the rafters
tee-hee-hee isn't that guy what an idiot
Donald Trump is tee-hee-hee but behind
my I'm a journalist I'm from the coasts
I'm really cool I'm on my computer I'm
so much smarter that's the fake news it
the fake news isn't that the tweet is
inaccurate the fake news is that Dave
Wiegel is a journalist rather than an
activist the fake news is that the
Washington Post is an objective news
organization rather than an activist
group for the left now by the way this
is a pattern with Wiegel he in recent
years he's tweeted out that any who
oppose redefining marriage to include
monogamous same-sex unions or bigots
he's regularly disparaged members of the
conservative movement on Twitter like
Matt Drudge he violated Washington
Post's guidelines asking journalists to
refrain from posting anything that could
show bias or favoritism that hasn't
stopped any the rest of them so I don't
know why we should hold him to
particular account and in wiegel's
defense his job is to mix opinion and
journalism that's in his contract he has
to provide analysis and some opinion but
the reason that the Washington Post has
moved in that direction is the reason
all news outlets have moved in that
direction it gets views it's very
popular we like to see some opinion with
our reporting plain reporting is boring
but that means it's no longer news it's
fake news some outlets
like The Daily wire not to enable gays
but we're very straightforward with our
point of view we have a point of view we
have certain political goals some are
shared some are different and we just
tell you this is the lens through which
we're looking at the world and we're
looking at the news Washington Post
doesn't do that they have pompous
preening moralizing slogans like
democracy dies in darkness
Dave Wiegel doesn't even tell you that
the CNN doesn't tell you that CNN
employs a Andropov and calls him Fredo
Cuomo you know Chris Cuomo these
Democrat operative hacks George
Stephanopoulos and they pretend to be
news that is it if any Democrat tells
you that fake news is just an empty
slogan or it's just an attack by Donald
Trump that isn't the case we're not
talking even about the stories we're
talking about the attitude of the
outlets now for straight-up false
reporting we would have to turn to Brian
Ross at ABC News Ross incorrectly
reported on Friday December 1st that
President Trump directed Michael Flynn
to make contact with Russian officials
before the election now in reality not
not in the ABC reporting but in reality
Trump had actually asked Flynn to make
contact with Russia after the election
when he was president-elect this is a
slight difference before the election or
once the country has voted him in as
president and it's not just Ross it
isn't just that he misspoke or something
which I think some people tried to say
ABC also tweeted the nonsense just in
they tweet Brian Ross on ABC News
special report Michael Flynn promised
quote full cooperation to the Muller
team is prepared to testify that as a
candidate Donald Trump directed him to
make contact with the Russians
this was liked and shared tens of
thousands of times before they had to
delete it because it's utterly false and
ABC for the airport refused to cop to
the error initially they said well we're
gonna offer a clarification a
clarification the thing we said isn't
true I just want to clarify I poured it
that Donald Trump as a candidate told
Michael Flynn to talk to the Russkies
the the one edition I'll make to that is
that he didn't do that that's the one
clarification on me but other than that
the story stands now they were widely
panned for
offering this dis clarification so the
next day they had to give out a full
correction they admitted error but only
because we've been hammering the drums
only because Donald Trump himself has
been going after these Democrat
communications operatives who pretend to
be journalists for so long there's
another story in The New York Times just
came out from Donald Trump he responds
quote another false story this time in
the failing New York Times that I
watched four to eight hours of
television a day wrong also I seldom if
ever watch CNN or MSNBC both of which I
consider fake news I never watched Don
Lemon who I once called the dumbest man
on television bad reporting as a side
note thank you to Twitter for the extra
hundred forty characters they're making
these so much they're doubling the Kofa
FA of them so thank you for that the New
York Times ran a report today saying
that Trump watches a lot of television
and he watches CNN and they're allegedly
talking all these people yeah the New
York Times headline is this quote inside
Trump's hour-by-hour battle for
self-preservation
that's the hour by now I'm trying to
think back on the last 11 months but 11
months he's been in office since he was
inaugurated he destroyed Isis within
within 11 months he just militarily
destroyed them he got a major tax
overhaul passed repealed the Obamacare
mandate got an originalist on the court
packed the rest of the courts the lower
courts with originalist judges has the
biggest deregulation program in modern
history Net Zero new regulations passed
per year despite an average 13,000 or so
in previous administrations it looks
pretty good to me he's handled Syria
well drop the Moab he is handling North
Korea pretty well and it seems okay
pulled out of the Paris climate Accord
what else do you want people if that
self-preservation keep doing it man now
the New York Times reporting is not
credible because the premise is not
credible you know by the way the New
York Times last February ran a piece
titled quote Trump campaign aides had
repeated contacts with Russian
intelligence which even James Comey
James Comey no fan of Donald Trump
you know Democrat hack through and
through under oath James Comey admitted
in the main that report was not true
so I don't know the report today is that
Donald Trump watches four to eight hours
of television I suppose there's no way
to know this III there is a little
coincidence here because one time a
president Trump saw me on television I
was at when we were doing the blank book
thing I was I complimented him on Fox &
Friends and he tweeted a quote that I
had said and then he next endorsed the
book so I do know he watches these shows
sometimes and I'm very grateful that he
doesn't thank you again that was a nice
early Christmas present but I don't care
how much TV he watches I don't care I'm
not convinced it's eight hours a day but
I certainly don't care if we get all of
these good things if we get the best
conservative legislation in our
lifetimes while he's watching a lot of
TV keep it up
tune in man sounds good I'll make you
the popcorn here is former Republican
former Bush speechwriter David from
explaining what we should take away from
all of this fake news
you asked the question Brian why should
given these mistakes why should people
trust the media I would say the meat
mistakes are precisely the reason the
people should trust the media the press
the worst mistakes that I'm Reagan when
we talk about the press we exclude Fox
and we talk about press organizations
that have an interest in finding truth
excluding Fox the worst mistakes that
press organizations have made in the
coverage of Crump has precisely occurred
in their effort their overzealous effort
to be unfair to the president I'm almost
speechless watching heckling you see we
have to trust the news media because
they lie to us that don't you understand
you're you're not woke like David Fromm
you're probably one of those troglodyte
Republicans who's still a Republican and
didn't become woke but David from now
realizes we have to love the news media
and they have to have credibility
because they don't have any credibility
and this is the irony of the fake news
that term fake news we use it all the
time I think it was actually invented by
Norm Macdonald he used it when he was
the SNL guy on Weekend Update but it
became popularized in the days after the
2016 election to make excuses for
Hillary's laws so there was an assistant
professor of communications at Merrimack
College in
Massachusetts Melissa's Zim doors and
she sent around a Google document with
all of the fake news websites because
they couldn't be the Hillary lost it
couldn't be that America doesn't want
her to take away our freedom and shriek
for the next four to eight years it
could it had to be that fake news stole
all of it so she sent out this Web this
Google document and it had some websites
that are pretty kooky and then it also
had regular old websites so just right
wing websites or The Daily wire was
included on this we don't run fake
stories we run real stories we have a
point of view but we don't they're not
artificial you know they used this
because they thought they could
discredit the new media the right-wing
media that broke the monopoly of the
mainstream media which used to run the
whole show until Fox News and then it
all started to crack a little bit with
the internet it backfired on them it
backfired on them because we can check
facts we have the Internet we have
freedom to information and we looked
around and we saw whom CNN ran a
completely fake story Washington Post
ran a completely fake story the New York
Times ran a completely fake story and
another one and another one and another
one who's the fake news here and it's
stuck to the left-wing it's stuck to the
mainstream media because it's true it's
stuck like any other of Donald Trump's
nicknames that he gives to people he had
tried out a few on Hillary no he tried
low stamina Hillary or this there that
the one that worked was crooked Hillary
it's stuck not because he kept repeating
it he kept repeating it because it's
stuck because it was true it rang true
this fake news rings true for CNN in a
way that it just doesn't for alternative
outlets that don't pretend to be
something that we're not okay should we
get into our new segment we have to get
into our new segment we have to bring on
the Nazis there is so much to talk about
but unfortunately you cannot get that if
you are not subscribed to the daily wire
so if you are a subscriber we appreciate
it you help us keep the lights on over
here if not you've got to go over there
right now what do you get well the
conversation is going to happen tomorrow
starring the one and only the Big Boss
himself
Fox News's power player of the week ben
shapiro so that will be tomorrow at 5
p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific if you want
to ask questions of Ben he's going to
sit there
for an hour and just answer the
questions as they come in if you want to
ask a question you have to be a
subscriber you go to the chat page at
the Daily wire and you can ask him
whatever you like
everybody can watch but few can ask
questions all are called but many are
called but few are chosen so go over
there right now if you subscribe it's
$10 a month $100 for an annual
membership what do you get you get me
the and reclaim and show the ben shapiro
show you get to talk to us all in the
conversation forget all of that none of
that matters now none of that matters
the mainstream media has collapsed all
CNN is a tender in tears David Frum is
in tears he said they don't trust us and
you need this you need this it's not
even a choice guys the leftist tears
tumblr do not drown do not be left
behind in this torrent of salty tasty
delicious leftist tears go to daily wire
calm right now we will be right back
