we begin with President Trump making a
major announcement it's supposed to
happen
in about 45 minutes here it's supposed
to happen at 10:00 a.m. and that is an
it's an amazing thing he's supposed to
the rumor is should not just announce
that the United States is view now
officially is that Jerusalem is the
eternal capital of Israel but also that
he's going to move the embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem this is a great and
brave thing to do and I'm gonna give you
a multiplicity of reasons why this is a
great and brave thing to do
by President Trump and not something
frankly that I expected from President
Trump I may be the statement about
Jerusalem being Israel's capital because
lots of presidents have said similar
stuff but not the statement about moving
the embassy because that's always been
politically dicey so the law is and it
has been since 1995 Congress passed a
law and they passed it overwhelmingly
that that said that Israel's capital was
Jerusalem and that it should remain
undivided that law was passed ninety
three to five in the Senate and three
hundred seventy four to thirty seven in
the house in 1995 for years the
president has been waving that law Bush
did it Clinton did it Obama did it none
of them would actually build the embassy
because they supposedly didn't want to
undercut the peace process but really
what it was about is they they wanted to
cater to and surrender to the whims of
the Palestinian Authority a terrorist
group as well as other Muslim nations
that were propping up that terrorist
group this was stupid policy so let's
begin with the facts okay Jerusalem is
was and will be the eternal capital of
Israel Jerusalem is only important the
only reason you've heard of it the only
reason anyone cares about it is because
the Jews made it important okay that is
literally the only reason otherwise it's
just another city in the Middle East is
about the capital of the Kingdom of
Israel and the site of the temple it was
the wellspring of Judaic thought for
literally millennia okay when I pray
three times a day Jerusalem is mentioned
frequently in those prayers both
Christianity and Islam value Jerusalem
because Judaism did first the dream of
Jerusalem has animated the Jewish people
for its entire existence the most famous
case being in Psalms 137 where it says
if I forget the Jerusalem may my right
hand forget it's skill Jerusalem is
mentioned literally hundreds of times in
what we call Tanakh that be the Old
Testament so that includes the Torah as
well as the prophets and the writings
the only reason that it's not mentioned
specifically in the five books of Moses
is because at that time it was actually
two cities one called youru and the
other called shalom and then it was put
together into yerushalayim right became
one
City sort of like Buddha and past became
Buddha past in any case it's always been
the center of Judaic thinking it's
always been the holiest spot in Judaism
Jerusalem by contrast is not mentioned
one single time anywhere in the Quran if
Jews don't have a claim to Jerusalem and
this is the root of why Muslims want to
declare the Jews don't have a claim also
it's the root of why the papacy has been
really split on Jerusalem right there
there have been Pope's who have been pro
the idea of Jewish sovereignty in
Jerusalem and then the current Pope says
that it should be internationalized
which is just insipid because if you
have Muslim rule over Jerusalem that
means nobody else gets to come in and
again Jewish sovereignty over a Jewish
holy site seems like the basic the basic
notion is just moral especially since
Jews have maintained the holy sites of
both Muslims and Christians in Jerusalem
if Jews don't have a claim to Jerusalem
they don't claim to anything they have
claim to nothing if they don't claim to
Jerusalem there's no claim to tel-aviv
there's no claim to Haifa there's no
claim to Yaffa
Yahoo there isn't there's no claim to
Akko there's no claim to any other city
in Israel if you don't have a claim to
Jerusalem
okay that's fact number one and Trump is
recognizing an established fact on the
ground number two as I say Congress has
long recognized Jerusalem as Israel's
capital not just in 1995 this year
because you're seeing a bunch of Senate
Democrats now oh how dare Trump how
terrible for president Trump who says
how could President Trump - he's gonna
lead to a conflagration well so he jerks
were saying literally six months ago in
June there was a resolution that was
passed on the floor of the Senate it was
passed 90 to nothing zero dissenting
votes 90 to nothing saying that Israel's
remain it's it's eternal capital is
Jerusalem and it should remain undivided
a third point recognizing Jerusalem as
Israel's capital recognizes Israeli
sovereignty Israel gets to negotiate on
its own behalf it's not up to the United
States or any other foreign nation to
negotiate on Israel's behalf with regard
to its own capital to understand how
important this is imagine that foreign
bodies came in and told the United
States that we had to give up Washington
DC now imagine that Washington DC wasn't
just a city those built on a swamps that
we didn't have to build it inside a
state it had been divinely ordained by
God for the American people okay that's
how important Jerusalem is to the Jews
it is the basis of all Judaic thought
and all Judea history and people who are
saying they're gonna force Israel into
making these concessions
it's immoral okay Israel gets to make a
call on its own hey recognizing
Jerusalem is Israel's capital will
minimize violence you're hearing a lot
of myths today from the left oh look at
it violence terrorism is coming first of
all the Palestinian Authority is was and
always will be a terrorist density Hamas
is was will be a terrorist entity
Islamic Jihad is was will be a terrorist
density all the people threatening
violence today we're anti-semites
yesterday they will be anti-semites
tomorrow they were terrorists yesterday
and there will be terrorists tomorrow if
it's a day ending and why the
Palestinian Authority is interested in
murdering Jews in terror attacks the
same is true of course of Hamas the idea
that the Jerusalem is the sticking point
in negotiations is just not true
one thing that will happen by
recognizing Israel sovereignty over
Jerusalem is that the Palestinians may
lose hope that they can pry Jerusalem
from Israel by pressuring the United
States or pressuring the West through
terror attack maybe they'll finally
recognized reality and they'll recognize
this is just not going to be part of the
negotiations okay fifth the United
States should not be bullied by
terrorists period anywhere all over the
world the idea that the United States
ever signed off on the Oslo Accords is
ridiculous Israel never should have
either the idea that you're going to be
blackmailed by people that you're they
were gonna say to you you know if you
just give us land then we'll stop
murdering your children blackmail used
to be a violation of both domestic and
international law then it was made into
the center piece of American foreign
policy in the Middle East for 20 years
and the centerpiece of Israel
Palestinian policy for 25 years it never
worked
Oslo is a full scale disaster cuz it
turns out the person who's trying to
blackmail you wants the money okay they
don't want to turn back over the the
Doug regretting material if somebody
steals the porn off your computer and
then they want to blackmail you because
they have the porn on your computer
their goal is not to give you back the
porn on your computer their goal is to
continue getting money out of you okay
Oslo was always a blackmail deal
anything that blackmail deal is good for
the United States it's not caving to
terrorism also as I say recognizing
reality makes peace more possible so a
big underdeveloped piece of news that
came out last week is that the Saudi
monarchy reportedly summoned Palestinian
leadership and told them to support a
peace deal with the Israelis not only
that that deal would retain major
Israeli settlement blocs prevent the
establishment of a standing Palestinian
army and leave the PA without Jerusalem
as a Palestinian capital in other words
the Saudis knew about this already
everybody who's claiming all the Saudis
or so
man the Saudis are not mad the Saudis
knew about this
they were paving the way about this
Jared Kushner over at the White House
I'm sure was talking to Saudi Arabia you
know two weeks ago people were saying
he's counting to the Saudis now they're
saying he's stabbing the Saudis in the
back is it possible that maybe he was
talking with the Saudis is it possible
that the new anti-iranian alliance
Jordan Egypt Saudi Arabia Israel that
that alliance is strengthened by this
status being clarified that we can
finally get this issue off the table
then now that this is clear that the
United States recognizes the truth that
Jerusalem is Israel's capital that Saudi
Arabia and Jordan and Egypt are just
gonna have to accept it if they want
this alliance against the Iranians as I
say this also means continuing the
anti-iranian alliance and forwarding the
anti-iranian alliance right in 1991
during the Gulf War George HW Bush faced
a choice
Israel was hit by Scud missiles by
Saddam Hussein and Israel wanted to join
the coalition to topple Saddam Hussein
and the or at least you push Saddam
Hussein out of Kuwait and HW said to the
Israelis don't get involved because
you'll fracture our coalition it was a
bad move HW should have said sure get
involved and then he should have said to
the Saudis you don't like it well then
fine deal with it yourself you don't
like Israel being on your side that's
your problem he could have forced a
peace through mutual Assurance he could
have forced a peace through mutual
recognition of common interest and
that's exactly what's happening in the
aftermath of Iran okay so I wanted to
lay out all of those reasons to show you
that what Trump is doing here is not
just immoral it is also smart also want
to point out here that all of the talk
about how this recognition is going to
cause violence violence in Jerusalem has
long predated any of these negotiations
let me give you a brief history of
Jerusalem here so you have more
information today than you did yesterday
okay
in 1929 before there was in Israel
before there was Jewish sovereignty over
Jerusalem before there was Arab
sovereignty over Jerusalem it was
British Mandate Palestine right was the
British running Jerusalem and there were
riots in Jerusalem by Arabs against Jews
17 people were killed why because Jews
had the temerity to bring chairs to the
Wailing Wall to the western wall the
second holiest site in Judaism the
holiest site in Judaism is the Temple
Mount
Jews are still not allowed up on the
Temple Mount because the Dome of the
rock is up there and the Muslims run it
so Jews will allow Muslims into Jewish
areas but Muslims will never allow Jews
into Jewish areas which is why Jew
should run the place and not Muslims
okay but in 1929 before any of this was
an issue for any of it existed right at
that time the Jews just wanted to bring
chairs for the elderly and infirm to the
western wall so Arabs rioted and killed
seventeen people then they ride in have
Ronan Hebron and they killed sixty more
Jews there's a report from the British
here's what it described quote Arabs in
Hebron made a most ferocious attack on
the Jewish ghetto a non isolated Jewish
house is lying outside the crowded
quarters of the town more than 60 Jews
including many women and children were
murdered
more than 50 were wounded hey fast
forward to 1948 so Israel accepts the
deal the partition deal from the UN the
UN was going to partition Jerusalem is
gonna divide Jerusalem instead the Arabs
blockaded Jerusalem cut off all the
roads and tried to basically put the
Jews in Jerusalem the largest most
Jewish city in Israel under siege the
Israelis at the cost of thousands of
lives finally broke through but East
Jerusalem remained in Arab hands in
Muslim hands and not only that so did
the Western Wall so did the Temple Mount
so was everything peaceful was
everything fine when the Arabs are
running it the answer was no of course
because in 1964 while the Arabs were
still running East Jerusalem and Jordan
had sovereignty over East Jerusalem the
Palestine Liberation Organization was
formed that would later become the
Palestinian Authority that was Yasser
Arafat's group in 1964 their stated goal
the full destruction of the State of
Israel from the river to the sea
Palestine shall be free that was their
slogan okay that was well they were
running Jerusalem so anyone who says
that Jerusalem is the sticking point
Jerusalem is not the sticking point in
1967 Israel finally takes over East
Jerusalem and frees East Jerusalem by
the way when I say freeze I mean that
the Arab parts of East Jerusalem are
still run like an Arab dictatorship even
though Israel has sovereignty when I
visited Israel in 2001 this is middle of
the Second Intifada when we came out in
East Jerusalem I had to be guarded by
Israeli soldiers hey if you are a Jew
walking from East Jerusalem Arab East
Jerusalem you know life is in danger if
you are an Arab a Muslim walking through
West Jerusalem no problems at all
because that's the way tyranny versus
democracy works by the way Israel handed
back controlled the Temple Mount to the
Islamic walk which is a huge
miscalculation Jews are still not
allowed to pray on the Temple Mount if I
went there and tried to pray I'd be
arrested in 1993 Israel agreed to
negotiate with the terrorists
Palestinian Authority including over
Jerusalem
what happened massive uptick in terror
in 2000 at the Camp David summit Israeli
prime minister who'd barak of the
Israeli Labour Party offered Palestinian
terrorists Yasser Arafat control over
East Jerusalem and the Temple Mount
itself according to Bill Clinton Arafat
didn't even submit a counteroffer he
left the table and he started the Second
Intifada resulting in the murder of over
700 Jews I was in Israel when the spiral
pizzeria was bombed and I remember
walking past the ruins of the pizzeria
in the center of Jerusalem all of that
after Israel had offered East Jerusalem
to the Palestinians in 2008 Israeli
prime minister and Hutu Olmert offered a
new Palestinian terrorist dictator
mouths word Abbas international control
of Jerusalem's Old City which would
include the holy sites not only that he
also offered some of Israeli lands who
make up for the Israeli settlements that
have been built an Israeli land strip
that would connect the Gaza Strip to
Judea and Samaria Abbas turned it down
without a counteroffer and then launched
another round of violence in
coordination with Hamas and Gaza so all
of this talk about how it's just
Jerusalem that if we were to solidify
the status of Jerusalem this would cause
violence no Jerusalem is an excuse for
violence and if Jerusalem were an Arab
hands there would still be violence
because there was when it was in Arab
hands okay so now you have all the
background that you need on this
particular topic so don't believe any of
the mythology Trump is making a moral
move and a politically smart move and a
politically valuable move for American
policy in the Middle East
