let's talk about Blade Runner I I
thought it was a good movie I thought it
was a good movie it's beautiful I mean
if you can see if you were still
watching and you could see the trailer
it looks unbelievable and denis
villeneuve is that how you press it
really he is an excellent director he
did arrival but he didn't oh he did that
prisoners which I just loved yeah damn
Sicario he's a really good director and
there's an actress in it who plays the
villainous Sylvia white I'll say @h o e
KS she steals the entire movie and she's
the best thing in the movie it's a
little arty and slow a little Rd and
slow I thought it's like 2 hours and 40
minutes I thought it could easily have
dropped 30 minutes like what a few less
visuals if you get to the point you know
plot points the plot is excellent I
thought the plot was really well done
whew to few relationships to fill it up
but I went back and I watched the
original Blade Runner that movie is a
classic and I had for a first of all
don't watch the director's cut and don't
watch the final cut watch the original
movie that watch the original movie
because I can tell you I'm guessing but
I can I'm almost sure this is what
happened the original movie has a
voiceover in it where Harrison Ford kind
of gives us tough guys talk and it must
have they must have forced it on Ridley
Scott he must have made into it because
he explains all this stuff that a
reasonably intelligent viewer can get
without him saying it and so you feel a
little bit insulted your intelligence is
installed in the studio unless they come
in and said I don't get it I don't get
it at explain things I got to be a
voiceover it must have driven Ridley
Scott crazy so he put out his own cut
his own cut is slow and boring with the
voice-over the thing about the
voice-over is that it gives it the feel
of a 1950's tough-guy picture even
though it is it is a little silly at
times but it really gives us a terrific
feel every shot in this movie is a work
of genius I mean I don't know what
happened to him he just make movies like
this anymore I mean yeah yeah alien was
great this was great and gladiator I
like it's not that but but that but the
incredible care that goes into every
shot every line the script is wonderful
the glasses that Harrison Ford drinks
out of like are just beautifully made
the entire imagination of the world is
really just anime
using picture and the and the love story
is just absolutely fascinating and
gripping I couldn't believe it I mean I
turned it on I thought I ought to go
back and watch this just to remind
myself it's it's approximately 10 times
the movie the sequel is I mean it's just
this went them the sequel is good good
movie if you have three hours to kill
you can go and watch it
but it this this movie is unbelievable
the original Blade Runner is terrific
