Matt Lauer has been fired from NBC after
apparently assaulting a staffer here's
the video that didn't seem so bad
insiders say Lauer it had many affairs
with staffers before but those were
consensual news that women had actually
consented to have sex with Matt Lauer
sent a thrill of Hope through the hearts
of untalented turtle faced leftist
narcissists throughout the country
meanwhile in news
North Korea fired off an
intercontinental missile that could
destroy Washington if it gets there
before Washington destroys itself North
Korean leader Kim jong-un issued a
statement after the test saying quote
now I'm not just the short fat little
psychopath whom women laugh at behind
his back but I can also kill people on
mass I'm so happy unquote Chinese
president Zi Jing ping said he had meant
to help President Trump deal with the
North Korean leader but he had a
manicure appointment that day and it
slipped his mind
it's mailbag day here on the Andrew
Klavan Seoul show so say a fond farewell
for all your problems we're about to
solve them
trigger warning I am Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
so we need all sing
see tops anticipate easing it's so
wonderful
all right mailbag day you know we have a
mailbag question today which kind of
hits to the core of everything that
we've been talking about or at least one
of the cores of everything we've been
talking about and the question is when
you're making political decisions what's
more important the character of the
person you're voting for or the results
you're looking for and I think that this
is really some of the stuff we're
dealing with with all the sexual
material but it's also something else
there's a great line in the poet TS
Eliot let me see if I just want to make
sure I get it exactly right it's from
his Four Quartets which is his
lesser-known poem because it was written
after he converted to Christianity so of
course the critics love the wasteland
because it's about the wasteland how
meaningless everything is but they never
go to Four Quartets which is a beautiful
very personal poem he wrote after his
conversion and at one point he's
listening to the birds in this garden
and he says the bird says to him go go
go says the bird humankind cannot bear
very much reality and one of the things
we are seeing now right now is the Trump
has mastered the fact that the
conversations that we have so many of
the political conversations that we have
don't take place in reality they have
nothing to do I mean Scott Adams who we
spoke to a couple of days ago he's been
talking about this that people don't act
rationally but but it's more than that
see this world that we are in that you
and I are in right now this world of
commentary of radio people talking and
giving their opinions doesn't exist in
reality this is not reality in this
world there's moral certainty in this
world outrage sells outrage sells it
makes you feel so good about yourself in
this world you could you know there are
good guys and bad guys and people will
tell you Donald Trump is the great man
or he's an evildoer and all this stuff
none of that is true none of it is true
but truth with its nuance with its
shades of grey' with its difficult moral
decisions that taint you when you make
them that world is not so popular it
doesn't sell as well I can tell you this
because I've been living in that world
and writing that world all my life and I
couldn't tell you it you know one of the
biggest selling thriller writers I mean
I've written crime fiction all my life
one of the big
selling crime writers in the world and
I'm not going to name him he's one of
the worst writers and he is one of the
worst writers listen there are some
great best-selling crime writers I'm not
saying anything about that but there's
this one guy and he is and I hear he's a
lovely person and his books sell by the
millions and I have never been able to
get past page ten why because the
villains in his piece are so villainous
and the good guys are so they're always
the good guys was kissing their
grandmothers and bringing them pie and
also I just like like you gag me with a
spoon you know this is what we're all
hunger hungry for and what Trump has
figured out as we're going to see today
we're gonna talk about today is he's
figured out that he can play both things
at the same time he can play a different
game in reality than he's playing in
this kind of what do we call it they
sort of make-believe over make-believe
the fantasy verse he's playing two
different games with his tweets and with
his actions and is working out really
well for him because while everybody's
hysterical commenting on hysterically he
is having is on a roll he is doing
really really well right now so I got
there was a tweet today about one of our
my favorite sponsors man crates where
somebody tweeted me how wonderful he'd
got a man crate for his dad and how
great it was and but he forgot to put in
our my name to get the discount so he
didn't get the discount now this this is
bad twice first it says something about
the intelligence you know I say I say to
him I tweeted me back I said you didn't
know how to spell my name right because
we never tell you how to spell my name
but but he he didn't do this and you
have to do that because it helps us
because otherwise our sponsors don't
know that I'm the one sending you there
and they will leave us and then I will
be sitting here talking and there won't
be a camera in front of me
I'll just be talking to myself so you
want to help us out by supporting our
sponsors supporting our sponsors not
only gives you stuff but it gives us
stuff it keeps us on the air and this is
an easy one for you to support because
we're giving you free food I mean what
what does it take people you know free
food I mean you know my audience I
always worry they go like do I what free
food do I want
for food you know because I know what
happens is the smart people listen to
Shapiro and I get you guys you know blue
apron will give you free food plus it is
good food blue apron is a service that
delivers ingredients to your house all
measured all cut up for you and then you
get a little card with very simple
instructions I know they're simple
because my wife says these are simple as
she makes these because they're not
simple enough for me but they you can
cook in your house you can cook meals
the kind of meals that you would usually
get in a restaurant and I really really
are good and they're really different
than ever and they're fat you know it's
like it's home cooking but it's home
cooking that you would get in a
restaurant let me see if I have a list
if I have some of the oh yeah I have
pictures I should have sent you the
picture so you could put them up on the
wall but it's like they're these things
I can't hold them up and it's like
butternut squash pasta with kale and
brown butter walnuts I mean it's a
classic la thing you would go in and
order seared steaks and garlic butter
with oven fries and romaine salad a this
great big french fries barramundi and
mix mushrooms with jasmine rice and napa
cabbage I'm looking at the pictures of
these things they look great I should
have sent them in so you could put them
up but but you gotta use the code blue
apron is treating my listeners to their
first dinner a $30 value for free if you
visit blue apron dot-com slash Andrew
think you can handle it come on come on
that's it prove if you gotta prove to
our sponsors that you can do this so
check out this week's menu and get your
$30 off with free shipping at blue apron
dot-com / Andrew it's a better way to
cook comes right to your home to do it
in your kitchen and you get a restaurant
level meal all right let's talk about
Matt Lauer first because this is
obviously a big story I mean it's only
one of many big stories one woman
complained and he's out of there he is
gone and the rumor spread by the New
York Post I believe was that while he
was at the Olympics in 2014 he forced
himself upon a woman now they said I was
joking about it before but he said that
they said that he had had many many
affairs with staff
furs and people didn't like him
apparently they really were just only
too happy to get off his show if they
could but he had many affairs but those
were consensual this wasn't variety our
showbiz trade paper and the New York
Times were both apparently working on
the story and closing in and NBC said
that's enough Matt Lauer immediately
joined with John Conyers the Democrat in
Congress who's been assaulting women and
Al Franken the Democrat in the Senate
who's been assaulting women and they
gave a three-person press conference
together
you know I can tell we're gonna start to
get letters that I'm not taking this
seriously
but this is I think this attitude it's
just about it's just about done so let
me just play Savannah Guthrie as co-host
coming on and tearfully delivering the
news and hold it I mean you know for the
moment all we can say is that we are
heartbroken I'm heartbroken for Matt he
is my dear dear friend and my partner
and he is beloved by many many people
here and I'm heartbroken for the brave
colleague who came forward to tell her
story and any other women who have their
own stories to tell and we are grappling
with a dilemma that so many people have
faced these past few weeks how do you
reconcile your love for someone with the
revelation that they have behaved badly
and I don't know the answer to that
first just don't get in the elevator
with them is one thing you know this is
only this is one of a spate of left-wing
people in the media who are going down
today National Public Radio chief news
editor David Sweeney left after being
accused of sexual harassment by multiple
women and Garrison Keillor who could be
the least funny human being in America
he did that Prairie Home Companion that
left us Roy stood around going oh it's
so witty it's so witty and he would
listen to it and it was like it was just
like having someone take a blanket and
put it on your head and then like you
know leave you there in like pour water
on top of the body was just awful but
apparently he is gone he says this story
he says he was fired over a story that I
think is more interesting and more
complicated than the version Minnesota
Public Radio heard but he is gone and
you know who was a Jim Garrity /
National Review smart guy he tweeted
today picture traveling back in time a
year and telling people that by November
2017 sex harassment allegations had not
derailed the
presidency but had effectively ended the
careers of Matt Lauer Charlie Rose Mark
Halperin Harvey Weinstein Kevin Spacey
Leon Wieseltier all these left-wing
media figures I mean they must be
thanking God for Roger Ailes and Bill
O'Reilly they say if they didn't have
Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly to point
at and here is Lauer here is this was
wonderful the our friends over at the
News Buster's put this up this is
O'Reilly recently the hypocrisy is
strong with this one
here he is grilling Bill O'Reilly on the
allegations against him you were
probably the last guy in the world that
they wanted to fire because you are the
guy that the ratings and the revenues
were built on you carried that Network
on your shoulders for a lot of years so
doesn't it seem safe to assume that the
people at Fox News were given a piece of
information or given some evidence that
simply made it impossible for you to
stay on it Fox News but you don't let
one guy go unless you have information
that you think makes you know it's not
true
did you ever send a lewd text or email
to another employee at Fox News no did
you ever have any Human Resources cases
brought against you every company in
this country including this one comcast
has these lawsuits every one but think
about those five women and what they did
they came forward and filed complaints
against the biggest star at the network
they worked at think of how intimidating
that must have been how nerve-racking
that must have been doesn't that tell
you how strongly they felt about the way
they were treated by you I mean that's
that's amazing it's an amazing piece of
video what's amazing about it is if I
had the skill to manipulate video what I
would have done was just put Matt Lauer
in the chair he could have asked himself
all those questions cuz here you know
there's some people who say that Bill
O'Reilly was paid so much that Fox
didn't actually mind getting rid of him
that he was costing more than he was
bringing in essentially or at least
detracting so much from his profits that
it wasn't really as big a thing as that
but Matt Lauer was
there big guy I mean I thought he was a
leftist biased crummy reporter I always
thought he was completely personality
list what do I know you know that guy
was a big star
so Trump tweets because this is what I
want to talk about it's like that all
this stuff is happening and Trump is
tweeting there's actual news going on
yesterday was a big big news day and
Trump is tweeting tweets so now that
Matt Lauer is gone when will the fake
news practitioners at NBC be terminating
the contract of Phil Griffin and will
they terminate low ratings Joe
Scarborough based on the unsolved
mystery that took place in floor years
ago investigate he says this is a
reference to an intern is a tragic story
but it's unbelievable he's got int when
Scarborough was a congressman he had an
intern in his office and she died in his
office he was found dead in his office
and there was no evidence of foul play
the coroner investigated and said that
she had had like she had fainted
essentially and banged her head she lost
consciousness because of a heart problem
and fell and hit her head on a desk but
a couple months later Scarborough
stepped down saying he wants to spend
more time with his family so you know
that it gets tossed around the internet
and by the time it's finished you know
but his that was finished on the
Internet's like Scarborough strangling
her to death but there's no indication
of that and it's all investigated and
the other thing with with what's who's
the other guy
Phil Griffin he he just had a bunch of
embarrassing interviews I don't really
know what he's talking about with that
but he also has another tweet from about
another tweet Wow Matt Lauer was just
fired from NBC for inappropriate sexual
behavior in the workplace but when will
the top executives at NBC and Comcast be
fired for putting out so much fake news
check out Andy Lacs past now Andy lack
is the head of NBC and he is be and he
is under fire because he basically sat
on the Ronan Farrow story that exposed
Harvey Weinstein and he stopped you know
well we don't know if he did it but
there was there was just it seemed that
Saturday Night Live was stopped from
making jokes about Weinstein and he also
is the guy who they sat on the interview
with 1e2
Rodrik was that have I got that right
yes he said on the interview the
interview with Juanita Broderick when
she accused Bill Clinton of rape that
was part of Andy Lacs past too so I you
know there are all these questions
that's coming up so that's what Trump is
doing right Trump is everybody shocked
oh my god now the stories about Trump
what a terrible thing he tweeted this he
tweeted that it's like it's not taking
place in reality what is taking place in
reality is what happened yesterday with
the tax reform bill which is that it
passed through a major major committee
place a committee procedure to go into a
vote and senators who had said that they
were going to oppose it the guy from
Wisconsin and cork bob corker who he
Trump had this view the same yeah well
you know we kind of want to get the yes
here we want to do this thing so while
everybody's screaming and yelling about
Trump acting in this kind of
make-believe world that we're all in
right this moment we're living in this
world right this moment where there are
good guys and bad guys and moral
certainties and all this stuff that he
Trump is playing in that world but he's
working in this other world
he completely trolled he's twirling
everybody is trolling everybody he
trolled Chuck and Nancy yesterday this
this really did crack me up he he
invited Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi
to come and talk to him to negotiate
about the deadline that's coming up with
the funding the government right the
government shuts down out of camera I'm
December 8th I think it is it shuts down
December 8th unless they funded this is
this usual thing that keeps coming up
and keeps coming up and he invited them
to a meeting and then he tweeted meeting
with Chuck and Nancy today about keeping
government open and working problem is
they want illegal immigrants and
floating into our country unchecked and
they're weak on crime and they want to
substantially raise taxes I don't see a
deal so Chuck and Nancy refuse to show
up and Trump gives has the meeting with
Republicans and he has chairs on each
side of him that are empty and just like
you do it at a debate when the person
fails to show up and they had little
name plates you know Chuck Schumer Nancy
Pelosi
so Chuck let's start with Schumer
Schumer comes out and and he makes this
statement about Trump's tweet
that's crying Chuck now I'm gonna play
I'll play a different Chuck cut and see
if you can tell which one is the real
Schumer with his tweet this morning
president Trump made sure that today's
meeting is nothing but a photo-op these
issues are far too serious for these
kinds of games mr. president it's time
to stop tweeting and start leading yes
no I'm not sure who's winning this
because now here's now here's the actual
meeting right the pressure goes up
before the meeting and here is Trump
this is cut to on the no-shows the other
thing they want tax increases and we
want major tax decreases so they decided
not to show up they've been all talk and
they've been no action and now it's even
worse now it's not even called so
they're not showing up for the meeting I
will say this in light of the missile
launch probably they'll be here fairly
quickly or at least discussions will
start taking place fairly quickly to me
I like he just made Chuck and Nancy look
utterly ridiculous and like I said
meanwhile in real life okay the AP is
now reporting the US economy expanded at
three point three percent annual pace
and third in the third quarter that's
the fastest in three years like I said
they have the Republicans took a
significant step toward passing their
sweeping tax overhaul on Tuesday and if
you read the New York Times a former
newspaper they're going insane over this
tax thing I'll get back to the tax thing
in a minute first let's talk about
stamps because I know you were seeing
they're saying yes yes taxes taxes taxes
but what about stamps if you want to get
stamps right you go to the post office
the post office does a terrific job but
to get there you got to drive to the
post office gotta wait online yeah I
hope you go according to their hours
instead of according to your hours so
take the post office and cram it into
your computer with stamps.com stamps com
brings all the services of the US Postal
Service right to your fingertips you can
buy and print official US postage for
any
any package any class of mail using your
own computer and printer and then your
loveable mailman or in my neighborhood
the mail lady will come and pick it up
stamps.com makes it easy they'll send
you a digital scale which automatically
calculates exact postage and stamps comm
will even help you decide the best class
of mail every time I'm a big fan of the
post office but I use stamps calm
because I want it to come to me like
everything else does nowadays it's just
bringing the post office into the modern
world
and right now if anyone in my audience
is clever enough to use our tag that
gets you a deal right now
stamps.com will give you a special offer
that includes a four week trial plus
postage and a digital scale without long
term commitments I know you can do this
go to stamps.com click on the microphone
at the top of the homepage and type in
clayvin I know what you're thinking
you're thinking how do you spell Clavin
well that's que la vie a n go to stamps
com enter Clavin it keeps our show going
because they know that we're you're
going to our sponsors plus you get a
great deal and you don't have to go to
the post office anymore we got the
mailbag coming up but we have to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
which means that you stuck with your
problems unless you come over to the
Daily wire calm and listen to the rest
of the show and while you're there you
subscribe 4 allows you 10 bucks a month
or a hundred bucks for the year and you
can have questions in next week's
mailbag and your problems too will be
solved no talking a little bit more
about this tax thing talking about the
difference between reality and the
fantasy of the commentary world one of
the problems the Republicans always have
with taxes is that the reality is the
tax cuts tend to make the economy
explode they do great things for the
economy trickle-down everybody keeps
saying oh trickle-down doesn't work it
actually does it always has why because
you've got the businesses taxes and the
businesses thrive so much money is
offshore has left the country not only
because of the taxes but because of the
unpredictable regulations of the Obama
administration he was constantly
churning out new regulations and his age
the agencies were just constantly
sitting on business but the minute that
you want to cut the taxes the left
starts talking about they're cutting
taxes for the rich well the rich of the
people who pay taxes and Ted Cruz was
debating Sanders the other day and he
had he had a perfect description of what
this means is cut number one Democrats
have one talking point on taxes it's a
tax cut for the rich and they say it
over and over and over again in response
to everything the most important thing
for you to know when you're at home is
when they say rich they mean tax payer
every time they say rich they mean tax
payer why is it because the very rich
there aren't enough of them you know
Bernie ran for president he rolled out a
tax plan his tax plan was a massive tax
increase if you took every single person
in America making over a million dollars
and you tax them 100% of their income
you took every penny they earned you
came in in jackboots and confiscated it
it would pay eight percent of the cost
of Bernie's tax plan see Ted Cruz is a
master of reality Ted Cruz mastered
reality the reason he's not president is
he can't master the fantasy verse that
Trump has mastered so well because Trump
realizes that he can get people to
scream about some stupid tweet about
Chuck Scarborough and get this tax plan
past the talking point the absurd
talking point that it's a tax cut for
the rich all tax cuts are tax cuts for
the rich because as Cruz points out what
they mean by rich are taxpayers they
think your money belongs to them and
they're going to give you some of it we
think your money belongs to you and
they're taking some of it for necessary
stuff you know one of the things that
they're one of the problems they have
with Republicans I guess a bob Corker is
one of them who said says this is gonna
blow a hole in the budget what they want
is a trigger to that if it does blow a
hole in the budget if the economy
doesn't recover these tax cuts will go
away they want to trigger built into the
tax reform bill and that sounds like a
good idea but it's a bad idea because
the the companies that will be bringing
their money back into America are gonna
say well wait if this is only gonna last
five or six years I can't make this big
transfer they want to be able to depend
on these tax cuts you know so
I'm praising Trump's master of the
Phantom mastery of the fantasy verse but
there are problems too yesterday
something happened that is not a fantasy
Kim jong-un fired off an ICBM missile
that is capable of hitting the u.s. just
about anywhere here is the defense
secretary mattis describing what it was
speaker a little over two and a half
hours ago North Korea launched an
intercontinental ballistic missile you
know you went higher frankly than any
previous shots they've taken it's a
research and development effort on their
part to continue building ballistic
missiles that could threaten everywhere
in the world basically and in response
the South Koreans have fired some
pinpoint missiles out into the water to
make certain North Korea understands
that they could be taken under fire by
our ally but the bottom line is it's a
continued effort to build a threat serve
a ballistic missile threat that
endangers world peace regional peace and
certainly the United States and and
Trump's response very quickly was was
this and some of you have reported a
missile was launched a little while ago
from North Korea I will take care of it
all right so here's the question about
Trump and and it's the question it's a
question all of us have to ask ourselves
now because we've been living in this
fantasy verse for too long our selves
all of us listening to right-wing radio
all of the left listening to all the
rest of the media which is basically
living in this left-wing fantasy that
you know you can that the government can
solve all your problems we can solve the
problem of evil it can solve the problem
of poverty it can solve all these
problems that it simply cannot solve and
that that it can do so without creating
other problems like taking your freedom
away but on the right we've had these
people saying you know pounding their
palms with their fists and saying why
doesn't the government do this why
doesn't the government do that when the
government is a very very difficult
machine that has to be you know run
we have asked me run from the inside
sometimes making all kinds of
compromises and it's easy to sit and
scream into a microphone that you can't
compromise when you have to compromise
so Trump is a master of the fantasy
verse but the question remains will his
mastery of the fantasy first get in the
way of his mastery of reality and here's
how that could happen if in all these
tweets he so offends senators that he
can't get anything past that is one way
that happened I don't think for instance
John McCain is gonna vote for any tax
cut anywhere ever I don't think he's
gonna vote for anything I think he wants
to go to his grave basically which is
where obviously I hate to say it but
that's where he's headed right now he's
very sick and he's very old he wants to
go to his grave just basically the last
thing he wants you to see above the
ground is his finger sticking at Donald
Trump and he ain't voting for anything
that Trump is gonna do and Trump has not
done anything to make that to make that
work so in foreign policy the Walter
Russell Mead wrote a great piece about
this in the Wall Street Journal
yesterday in foreign policy Donald Trump
has done a very very realistic and
important thing after the fall of the
Soviet Union America got kind of stoned
on its own success and started saying oh
it's the end of history it's just a
matter of time before everybody lives
like we do and everybody has the same
beliefs and we all it's just a question
of time we just have to manage this now
we can go take care of the environment
now we can go establish peace in our
time now we can spread democracy through
the Middle East and not so much the
history never ends human degradation and
sin never end it's all gonna go on it's
all gonna be a problem every day it's
always gonna be risks there's always
gonna be compromises as is always gonna
be gray areas so Donald Trump is dialed
back our foreign policy in a very very
realistic way the question is do his
tweets does his sense of humor which is
great which I love
does his constantly trolling everybody
is that going to make people overseas
distrust him are they going to catch on
that he's a trustworthy guy in the room
but not necessarily on Twitter or are
they not going to rely on him in our
lose some sense of power in the world
don't know yet North Korea is going to
be his biggest test
he has been trolling this little
psychopath over there there's that
little psychopath and he has been
talking to the Chinese he sent out a
tweet today saying I just talked just
spoke to President seizing king of China
concerning the provocative actions of
North Korea additional major sanctions
will be imposed on North Korea today the
situation will be handled but we know
the North Korea is the most sanctions
country on earth we don't know whether
he is going to develop a foreign policy
that has the reality to go with his
rhetoric it is it is an amazing thing
what Trump has done he is a real reality
TV star and he has mastered the media he
really has what he is doing is a kind of
genius I'm not saying I like it all the
time but it is a kind of genius the
question is does he know the difference
does he know where reality begins and we
will find out let's do the mail back
from William Glyn hey man I just
overcame a five-year high school college
depression eerily similar to your past
trials as far as I can see from your
memoir the great good thing I want to
thank you for being the sole Primmer in
the implementation of my self-help and
wellness you can now claim the show save
lives to that well that's that is
actually nice very nice to hear he says
you and Shapiro logically drove me to
God and I opened my heart to him three
months later I saw him in my life during
a party at my most sadistic level as a
millennial for a fleeting second I saw
my life through God's eyes and His
infinite wisdom that night I through all
my power finale out now I see God all
the time is this normal do you think I'm
suffering from a little over correction
in transition to this new existence I
can if I carry ously feel people's
perspective now it's all very new and
strange please help you know I'm reading
between the lines here sounds like a lot
of drugs were involved in this and I
think that may have something to do with
it
I don't know I do get visions how can I
put this they're not there's nothing
Supernatural about them but I do in
prayer oftentimes suddenly see the world
from other people's points of view
suddenly look around me and understand
the inner lives of people suddenly
come less judgmental if that's what's
happening to you that's not a problem if
you're having some kind of drug reaction
you should see someone about it but if
if you have given up drugs and if you
are really trying to get closer to God
you should not ignore the traditions and
standards that people have developed
over thousands of years to communicate
with God that your church should have a
church you should be trying to
understand the Bible you should have a
pastor in your life who you trust and
who can take you there mysticism
I believe in mystic experiences I truly
do but they are not enough do you need
reason and reason comes through is
passed down the line through tradition
you can't reinvent religion yourself and
I think that it's a very good idea to
get yourself into some some organized
religion that will help you to
understand who this God is who has come
into your life and could very well save
you and I hope he does
dear mr. big pants Clavin you said on
Tuesday that the 2016 election was a
binary choice as a Californian did you
actually believe that your vote for
Trump made any bit of difference who was
Ben Shapiro right for not voting in the
top of the ticket after all Hilary was
gonna win your state almost
automatically thanks in advance for
changing my life hopefully for the
better well you know this is good this
is something Shapiro and I disagree on
now I have endless respect for Shapiro
he's a man of insight and also I have
seen him develop into a man of true
integrity which I really am impressed by
I know he made his decision out of that
place of insight an integrity I disagree
with him and I can only tell you why I
disagree I'm sure he's absolutely
capable of telling you why he disagrees
with me first we've been talking about
this difference between reality and the
commentary versus the fantasy verse in
reality I'm a very big believer in
reality I'm a very big believer in
getting you know if you if you ever
check out your daydreams things you want
and then check out the things that
really make you happy in life it takes
only a very little bit of reality to
make you happy where's your daydreams
you become king of the world you have
every girl you want you have all the
well if you want it really just takes
enough money to get by and not have to
worry to make you happy you know so a
little bit of reality goes a long way
I felt that somebody was going to be
president I feel this way all the time
that if if I am required to take an
action I have to look at what is going
to happen what's gonna happen if I take
this action first I have to look at
whether the action is suitable to my
conscience can I take that action so for
instance I would not plant something on
a somebody who I thought was a murderer
to get him wrongly convicted because
that would go against my conscience but
voting does not go against my conscience
so I looked at the two people I knew one
of them was going to be President I
wanted the better one to be President I
did not feel that it was morally
supportable to step out of that decision
simply to keep my hands clean simply to
keep clear of Donald Trump because not
voting for Donald Trump was in fact a
vote for Hillary in California in
California the stakes were much much
lower we knew Hillary was gonna win
California but that didn't mean there
were no stakes every vote that was cast
was a vote closer to for instance giving
Trump a popular majority as well every
vote that was cast was a message sent to
the Democrats who are dominating and
destroying California that there is
another group of people that they have
to deal with if all the people who
didn't cast their votes because it
didn't matter in California had voted it
would have been a lot closer so the fact
that my response of the fact that the
outcome of my vote was less did not seem
to me to lower my firt response to
lessen my responsibility to do the right
thing I do not see how absconded
yourself look if you think if you think
that Hillary Clinton would have been a
better situation even if you think she
would have been a bad president but you
think for instance that Hillary Clinton
with a Republican Congress would have
been white you should have voted for
Hillary Clinton if you couldn't do that
you should have voted for Donald Trump
the only way I could see where you
wouldn't vote for either one of them is
if you thought things were going to be
exactly as bad either way and I simply
don't think that that was at all at all
plausible reaction listen do I think
they were going to be bad things that
come out of Donald rump yeah I think
they're gonna be bad things to come out
of
everybody and I think this was a
particularly bad choice to have to make
but Trump has really surprised me and
been a much better president so far than
I thought he was going to be do I think
there's gonna be bad reactions to his
poor manners yep do I think there's
gonna be bad reactions to our to his
manipulation of what I'm calling the
Fantas universe today yep I think there
are always moral hazards I think there's
a price this is the thing there's a
price you pay for everything and I'll
get back to that and when I answer
another question from Evan dear all wise
and powerful Clavin
being that it's close to Christmas the
two most popular stories of this time of
the birth of the Christ child and
Charles Dickens Christmas Carol why is
that there's so many pay homage to
Dickens classic tale in TV and movies
listen I have talked about this
endlessly and you can find if you read
the great good thing my memoir I talked
about the Christmas Carol it is it was
called when it was written the fifth
gospel and I think there is an
absolutely good reason for that I think
it is a one of the great works of wisdom
literature wisdom literature includes
things like Ecclesiastes in the Bible
the book of Job in the Bible the the Dao
de Jing which i think is a brilliant
work and I just think that Dickens who
was a genius writer was hit by another
level of genius and he produced one of
the great works of wisdom literature it
is a book you know I was talking I guess
it was last week I was talking about the
difference between living in time and
living in reality and that Christ tried
to bring items living in eternity and
the Christ tried to bring the vision of
eternity into time and that is what that
Christmas Carol is about is about a man
who explores the past the present and
the future and realizes that he has to
live in all three because that is where
eternity lives and he changes his life
what's so brilliant about it is that it
brings all that Christ leanness into an
ordinary story a ghost story about what
it is to live you know I was quoting TS
Eliot before about the mankind can
humankind cannot cannot bear very much
reality at the very next line he says go
go go said the bird humankind cannot
bear very much reality time passed and
time future what might have been and
what has been point to one end which is
always present and this is TS Eliot's
Christian vision the
Christmas Carol there's a brilliant
brilliant evocation of that I'll talk
more about that as we come to Christmas
if you watch the only other good
Christmas story besides the one in the
Gospels is the Jimmy Stewart movie It's
a Wonderful Life if you look at it it's
the exact mirror image of a Christmas
carol and a Christmas carol a greedy man
is visited by spirits who teach him with
the damage that he's done in the world
in Christmas Carol a good and generous
man is visited by a spirit who shows him
what the world would be like without him
it is the exact opposite story and they
in as every storyteller knows the
opposite story is the same story there's
only one great Christmas story and it is
that it is the entry of eternity into
time which is the story of the Nativity
and it's just the Dickens classic is a
brilliant brilliant brilliant book so
from Lillian dear granted mr. Clavin
I am an overseas observer of American
politics and I fall into the camp of
having like yourself fall into the camp
of having reservations over president
Trump's conduct and manner but
overwhelmingly positive feelings about
his administration so far one of the
oft-repeated hopes going into this
administration is that President Trump
would grow into the office ala Ronald
Reagan however in terms of his character
he is still the same blunt into
instrument always in search of a nail to
hit my question centers on this when we
judge President Trump or any man or
woman what matters more is that their
character or their deeds as a
conservative is it preferable for a man
of the utmost integrity to carry out
acts that we don't agree with
politically or would we rather take our
chances with somebody like Trump who is
unquestionably boorish and unpalatable
but continues to pursue an effective
conservative agenda that's the question
right that is the question here's the
answer there's a price you pay for
everything every single action you take
has a price the trick that seats we've
been talking about rules rules base
morality versus individual morality and
I obviously feel that there has to be a
little bit of both because rules taken
to the extent taken to the furthest
extent become tyranny where
individualism taken to the further
extent becomes Anarchy there's a price
you pay for everything and the way you
find the best way forward in a complex
world is calculating
price it's not based on rules it's
calculating the price the what the rules
help you to do is they help you to go to
keep from going off the rails from
saying what they call consequentialism
if judging everything by the outcome
right you can't judge everything by the
outcome I use the example before of
setting up a man for murder because you
know he committed murder that is
destroying something bigger than letting
the guy for the price of that is
destroying the justice system if you do
that with a criminal you destroy the
justice system and thereby destroy
justice the price is just too high and
the rules are established to keep you
from knowing that but but if you live in
a world you we live in a world where
certain things happen behind the scenes
does it bother me every every time a cop
is caught abusing somebody you have to
punish him but does it bother me that
occasionally a cop knocks a guy down a
flight of stairs because he needs to get
some information I don't it doesn't
really it doesn't realize I don't want
to know about it but it doesn't bother
me
you know John McCain here is one thing
that John McCain said that I really
liked he said we should never ever
torture somebody and they said well what
would you do if you knew a terrorist act
was about to take place and you could
only get the information by torture and
McCain said I do what I had to do you
know that's the answer every day in this
country people are killed in hospitals
through euthanasia and they don't tell
you that what they say is you know we're
gonna increase the dose of morphine
we're gonna you know if you've ever been
through a death you've seen this happen
they come in and say you know we're
gonna increase the dose of morphine a
little bit every hour and they're
telling you they're gonna they're gonna
kill them painlessly because it's over
it is over and these are things we don't
always want to know about we calculate
the price and with with Trump
I think the calculation was easy but it
was unpleasant and I think that that's
that's why I disagree with people who
didn't vote that's why I disagree
because I think what they did was they
took the easy way out it's it's not easy
for me to say yep I voted for Donald
Trump I know what he does and sometimes
I really dislike it I suspect that
things that women have said about him
are true I don't like it I wish the
President was Abraham Lincoln it's not
but but having calculated the price it
was an easy easy decision to make and
it's just turned out to be a much better
decision than I feared it would be
I thought the price might be higher then
it's been so far so it's there is no
simple answer whether you choose a man
of character or you choose someone who
does the right thing if those are the
choices you are offered and sometimes
life does offer you those choices it is
really difficult and you have to sit
down knowing yourself and you have to
make that decision
every time every single time there is no
way except to know that you cannot there
is a line you cannot cross if I had
thought for instance and this was my
biggest fear if I thought for instance
the Trump really was a Nazi or an
authoritarian somebody who'd damage the
government then I wouldn't have voted
for you know I would have I would have
voted for Hillary Clinton I actually you
know when when Trump was first nominated
I thought oh my god I may have to vote
for Hillary Clinton but it became
obvious to me that Trump was probably
very very probably not that guy and that
Hillary Clinton was that guy in a very
quiet way like Obama she was going to
reduce our constitutional government
reduce our freedom and that was the
decision I made and I am really happy I
made it and I'm really satisfied with
the results but there's a price there is
a price and we will pay it as we go
along and we're you know we pay it we
pay all prices every day all right I
have to do one more and then I'll stop
mmm what should I go there if Hillary
Clinton from Daniel if Hillary Clinton
was the president now do you think that
the media would still be so focused on
all of these sexual assault allegations
happening these days or would they be a
bit more silent about it to protect
Hillary from bills past deeds yeah I
think they would have been silent I
don't think I do not believe that Harvey
Weinstein would have gone down like this
if he was still a bundler for Hillary
Clinton I do not believe it I do not
believe that the New York Times which is
now leftist propaganda outfit I do not
believe that they would have undermined
the first woman president by essentially
exposing bill to the kind of a program
he would be exposed to if this kind of
scandal had taken place I mean Hillary
is still giving interviews saying every
woman should be believed she's making a
total fool of herself
I do not think they would have put her
in this position I might be wrong but I
simply don't think so I think that it is
Bill Clinton's malfeasance that have
that allowed
guys to operate for so long why why if
everybody knew what Matt Lauer was doing
why was he allowed to operate for so
long why if everybody is Cokie Roberts
ed knew you couldn't get into an
elevator with John Conyers there's a
Democrat icon why was that allowed to go
on why didn't they say it part of the
reason the only reason is coming out now
is because you can't keep secrets
anymore because of the non mainstream
media the only reason I think this stuff
is coming out is because you can't keep
the secret it's going to come out and
because Bill Clinton isn't president and
people feel you know the people feel
shame and remorse for having covered up
from for this long and having made a
feminist icon out of this woman who
basically helped him cover up rape and
allegations of rape and allegations of
abuse I think that this is a coming to
Jesus moment there is a reason why all
these people who are being bused as so
many of these people are left wingers I
mean there's Roy Moore and there's a
Riley who was accused and there is Roger
Ailes but all the rest of them are left
wingers there's a reason for that is
because if a right winger had done it
he'd have been caught it's not because
right-wingers are better people they're
not their philosophy is better but they
would have been caught so they didn't do
it these guys knew they could get away
with it because they lived in the
left-wing communication world you know
that's that's why they knew it all right
do I have time to do a quick you know we
had this technical glitch so I went a
little long you know what let's just
pass on we'll come back tomorrow who we
got tomorrow we got what is it Ken Stern
oh yeah he's written really really
interesting book about called Republican
like me and he he has traveled around as
a liberal talking to conservatives and
had a kind of a revelation we'll talk to
him tomorrow I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin show and we'll see you
then
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by mic core Mina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera and our
animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
