in a divided America I am happy to
report that our mainstream news agencies
have reached a moral consensus when it
comes to sexual abuse according to these
arbiters of our moral life anytime a man
is accused of doing anything untoward to
a woman the woman should be believed if
the man is a Republican if the man is a
Democrat whether the woman should be
believed depends on whether or not the
man is an icon the line of the Senate
the President of the United States or a
former comedian in which case the
situation is not the same as the
Republican because if the man is a
Democrat then the woman is probably
trailer-trash or dead in which case
abortion rights Donald Trump and look
over there Prince Harry is engaged
thanks for clearing that up mainstream
media another Kingdom heartthrob Michael
Knowles is with us today to discuss the
holidays you are not celebrating trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
you know sing
all right welcome back I hope you had a
great Thanksgiving I had a fascinating
conversation with my liberal friends and
relatives over Thanksgiving I'm going to
tell you about that before you know all
this craziness is about to start in the
legislature as they try and pass
something because what they're really
deciding is not the tax reform or
anything like this what would they're
really deciding is whether or not
there's going to be a tidal wave of
Democrats elected in 2018 because if
they don't do anything that's what's
gonna happen so that's gonna get started
but before that I want to just take a
little bit of an overview a moral
overview of what's going on cuz I feel
there's a little bit of moral chaos and
I was thinking over the holiday and
because of this Thanksgiving discussion
how we come to terms with what is moral
and there I've kind of isolated two ways
wouldn't be talking about this all week
so if I don't get to some but today
don't worry about it but I will get to I
tell you what I will get to is the post
office and the reason is I don't have to
drive to the post office to get to the
post office you know the post office has
been part of my life since I when I was
13 that's when I decided I want to be a
writer and I started this summer I was
13 that started sending out my short
stories and I then developed this kind
of intimate relationship with the post
office because your hopes and dreams
were always living on the mail you know
and I so I was always those people one
of those guys went people were cursing
the post office like this about the
suburbs too and other people were
cursing the suburbs I was always going
like I like the suburb I like the post
office you know and I still like the
post office they do a great job it's
just that today I don't have to drive
there I don't have to wait on line I
don't want to have to get there during
their hours I want to do what I do with
everything else I want to do it out of
my computer and that's why there's
stamps.com Stan stop stamps calm brings
all the services of the US Postal
Service right to your fingertips you can
buy and print official US postage for
any letter any package any class of mail
using your own computer and printer and
then the mailman comes our lovable
mailman comes and picks it up in my
neighborhood it is a loveable mail lady
who is
in fact one of the nicest people I know
stamps.com makes this all easy they will
send you a digital scale which
automatically calculates the exact
postage and stamps.com will even help
you decide the best class of mail every
time I love this I mean this is the way
it should be right the stamps calm you
don't have to go to the post office but
the post office comes to you and right
now you can enjoy the stamps calm
service with a special offer that
includes a four week trial plus postage
and a digital scale without long term
commitments you get it by going to
stamps calm you click on the microphone
at the top of the homepage and type in
Cleavon or clayvin depending on your
social class it's que la VA n that
stamps.com and then enter clayvin it's
the post office except in your computer
so all right holiday arguments we put up
we put up this video about how to avoid
a holiday argument our thanksgiving
argument which i then completely ignored
but i just want to play it for you so
you'll know what I wasn't doing here's
me with my tips on how to avoid
Thanksgiving arguments hey everybody
Happy Thanksgiving I hope you're all
gathered with people you love and eating
lots of stuff you love I'm a person who
holds passionate political opinions and
like all people who hold those opinions
I pride myself on being able to avoid
arguments with friends and relatives
over the holidays and then wind up
getting so angry at them I just want to
grab them by the scruff of their liberal
necks and force their stupid left-wing
faces into the cranberry sauce over and
over and over again until they finally
admit that Barack Obama was the most
corrupt incompetent communist ever to
hold office outside of North Korea
that's something you generally want to
avoid so today I'd like to present my
three easy tips on how not to get into
political arguments over Thanksgiving
dinner tip number one try to stick to
neutral subjects for instance if your
Uncle Joe is into sports you might say
something like hey how about those Los
Angeles Rams they're doing well and just
try not to mention the football players
who are disrespecting the flag that
brave men died for because it'll make
want to grab on control by the shirt
front and for stuffing down his throat
until it comes out of his stupid leftist
ears that's probably not your best
course of action tip number two if you
must discuss politics discuss principles
not people if for instance tax cuts come
up you can talk about how you support
lower taxes because they improve the
economy and lead to greater freedom
whereas if you let cousin Fred go off on
a tangent about how Donald Trump hasn't
released his tax returns you might be
tempted to respond that at least Donald
Trump hasn't corrupted the entire IRS in
order to silence his political enemies
the way that corrupt dirtbag Obama did
because even thinking about that will
make you want to rip a leg off the
turkey and pound your stupid cousin Fred
over the stupid head until he looks as
stupid as he actually is stupid that
might make some of your guests
uncomfortable finally tip number three
always try to listen to what people are
saying and hear them out if your kids
sister Sue start saying something
ridiculous about how pro-life Christians
are more dangerous to America than
Islamic terrorists don't just start
screaming insults at or pickup the
pumpkin pie and smash it into her
self-satisfied left his face the way
you've wanted to do ever since she was
born and your mom didn't have enough
time for you anymore instead say
something like I think I see what you're
getting at but you're still an idiot
please pass the pumpkin pie you fat face
Punk maybe you don't want to use those
exact words but if you follow these
simple tips I'm pretty sure you'll be
able to have a joyous Thanksgiving
holiday with your beloved friends and
relatives even if they are a pack of
leftist morons who really deserve to
have hot yams poured over their heads
until they admit their stupid philosophy
has practically ruined the country mmm
yams
I'm Andrew Clavin wishing Happy
Thanksgiving from all of us at the daily
wire to you and your idiot left is
relevant that didn't work too well for
me those tips didn't work that well for
me but you know we gathered together at
my
with all these people that I actually do
love and respect and admire and but
they're liberals I mean that's their
their fatal we all have flaws right you
know mine is I pull the wings off flies
theirs is that they're liberals and and
so immediately we all gathered mostly
the guys went outside it because the
women are actually doing all the work
it's the guts the outside out of the way
getting out of the way that is our job
and we immediately got into politics and
immediately they started saying Donald
Trump is destroying the country not not
I don't like what he's doing not I
disagree but Donald forum is destroying
the country so I thought to myself well
this is not gonna go well you know
because like I'm gonna now say well what
about Obama for eight years and what
about this and that you know and you
guys didn't say anything when Obama did
this and and I said you know what let's
do it this way I said I won't bring I
won't use what about ISM I won't bring
up Donald what Obama did and we won't
argue about things that we're never
gonna agree on because they want the EPA
to save the planet
I want the EPA to cease to exist I want
the EPA to be a little pack of rubble
with a sign a hand-lettered sign on top
that says here used to be the EPA that
would be my favorite EPA okay so wait I
said we're never gonna agree and and I'm
not gonna resort to what about Hillary
Clinton what about Obama and they kept
saying well you know Hillary Clinton
didn't win and I thought yeah but you
voted for the crook you know so my god
we're wither wither Comus to this like
you know sanctimonious moral superiority
didn't say it just stayed back I said
let's not talk about who started
anything listen I suggest tell me what
Trump has done that violates
constitutional rule of law and the norms
of American governance that's all that's
all I want I will that's what I will
listen to nothing they could not come up
with a single thing but they all said
something that I don't like about the
home Trump that he's rude you know that
he keeps saying these things and he he
you know he's threatening the First
Amendment by attacking CNN you know CNN
CNN thinks the same thing know what this
is when I love Trump but by the way his
Trump is tweeting he started out
tweeting Fox News is much
more important in the United States than
CNN but outside of the USS CNN
International is still a major source of
fake news and they represent our nation
to the world very poorly the outside
world does not see the truth from them
and CNN answers as tweet saying it's not
CNN's job to represent the u.s. to the
world
that's yours our job is to report the
news facts first and then they had a
little apple because of course CNN
that's one thing that CNN gets right an
apple is in fact an Apple that's the
last thing you're gonna hear on CNN but
but you know I don't I'm a First
Amendment purist I believe in the First
Amendment should be defended to it you
know right up to the level of shouting
fire in a crowded theater I just believe
the First Amendment is the absolute
bedrock of freedom I don't Trump his
First Amendment rights to doesn't bother
me if he insults the press and to use a
little what about ISM Barack Obama you
know subpoenaed the phone records of the
AP and James Rosen and all these things
he he shut down opponents views by using
the IRS to intimidate them you know he
was that was a threat to me that's a
threat to the First Amendment Trump
criticizing CNN and then by the way just
Trump I don't know if it was late
yesterday or today
he said he tweeted we should have a
contest as to which of the networks plus
CNN and not including Fox is the most
dishonest corrupting his political
coverage of your favorite president me
they are all bad the winner will be so I
love this you know I love this I don't
find so this is what they're they're
worried about this is what the Liberals
who said Trump is destroying the nation
it's basically his bad manners and I
have talked about that and I have said
that I don't like his bad manners I
don't like the bullying but the left has
essentially co-opted manners as a way of
defending their point of view anything
you say if you say oh well you know the
election of Barack Obama was a dark day
for our country they say you said dark
you're a racist you hate black people
you know they have made our opinions
impolite and so in order to fight back
against them I think it's just possible
that we had to send a guy who doesn't
have
good manners to fight back against them
and if that's that's a sad thing and
that speaks very badly for the country
but when I started to think about it was
I started to think about what the fact
that we're sitting there all these
people who really do like each other and
we're all very friendly and we all get
along we talk about all kinds of things
in a very friendly way
but at base we all agree on certain
things and this is what I started to
think about that that I've talked before
about how decadence is good for the
elites
why is decadence good for elites well
decadence is good for elites because
elites have mostly most of them have
internalized certain rules of life
elites don't have children out of
wedlock for the most part elites treat
each other with respect and politeness
elites have certain respect for
tradition at least are the people who go
to church elites work hard they do all
these things and so they come to believe
in what we'll call independent morality
they come to believe in the morality of
individualism so that's me I'm an I'm an
elite I have said I say this all the
time it's like I like the people but I
am an elite I grew up elite I've lived
an elite life I've been an artist all my
life of live among elites I have I live
a very conservative life and so if the
guy next to me and everybody around me
lives a conservative life and so if one
guy next to me lives a kooky life
because he's an artist I think like
that's fine that's not gonna hurt
anybody but if you live in a chaotic
situation if you live in a chaotic poor
neighborhood where men don't marry the
women they impregnate where children
don't have fathers where the rules
aren't being set where the schools have
been taken over by leftists oh they're
teaching them you know how to put on how
teaching boys how to put on makeup
instead of how to you know read and
write
then you need rules you need rules and
so you have two kinds of morality you
have rules morality and you have
individual morality and obviously either
one can be taken to an extreme if you
have too much rules morality you have
tyranny if you have too much individual
morality you have chaos right but
they're very different they come from
very different places so what do
that now is you have elites living out
their individualistic morality but
afraid to preach rules morality for fear
of being seeming judgmental and
tyrannical and not serving the poor and
I'll get back to this in a minute but
first let us talk about it's Alma it's
now gonna be Advent right christmas has
come Christmas is a coming and you know
I always think the best gifts are gifts
that you would secretly like to give
yourself and maybe on occasion have
secretly given yourself and that that's
equip the equipped toothbrush excellent
stocking stuffer you know I only use
electric toothbrushes they work so much
better they're really good for you they
polish your teeth they also you are also
more likely to do what you should do
which is brush for two minutes twice a
day at least and you do that more with
electric toothbrush but the thing about
electric toothbrushes is they're huge if
you put one in the stocking it's gonna
come out through the bottom right that's
so big you can't pack them you can't
travel with them it's their pain in the
neck but equip is just so beautifully
designed they're very thin they they use
batteries so you don't recharge them
they don't have to come with a whole
thing it's just cuz they have they come
with a mount that goes right on your
mirror and fits seamlessly into your
daily routine and qyp also offers an
optional subscription plan which
delivers new brush brush heads on the
dentist recommended three months
scheduled for it for just five bucks
including free shipping worldwide you
got to change those heads every three
months it's very important then just in
time for the holidays quip is the ideal
size and price to gift anyone on your
list and you can even include automatic
brush head deliveries for a year to
ensure that your gift keeps giving until
next holiday the quip electric
toothbrush is featured in just about
every Gift Guide this year including
Oprah's oldest men's health Forbes goop
that's the Gwyneth Paltrow that's all
that very cool clip starts at just 25
bucks and right now when you go to get
qyp dot-com slash Clavin to get your
first refill pack free with a quip
electric toothbrush
that's your first refill pack free at
get quip dot-com slash que la VA n
that's GE t qu IP comm slash Clavin and
you will get your first refill pack for
free
good stuff all right so we're having
this whole sexual craziness going on you
know all these charges and of course as
I was joking but at the top of the show
the rules are completely different
everybody's yelling oh my gosh you have
to get rid of you have to get rid of Roy
Moore everybody why don't you stand up
against Roy Moore but then when it comes
to Al Franken and not so much doesn't
have to the the gaya John Conyers who's
like 80 now I mean here's a guy there
was a conversation I don't have I don't
have a cut list but there was a
conversation on ABC I think it was and
they were all discussing John Conyers
who's been in the Senate forever and has
now been charged with all kinds of with
all kinds of misbehavior and with Spain
out what's that oh sorry thank you he's
been charged with all kinds of
misbehavior and with pain out all his
money to silence people he stepped down
from the he was a ranking Democrat
member in the House Judiciary Committee
and he stepped down on Sunday because of
these accusations but he says he won't
quit so they so the cookie Roberts was
on this ABC panel listen to what the
journalists are saying about people are
willing to be public can't change things
I mean we all talked about for year
it'll be at a time you know don't get in
the elevator with him you know and the
whole everyone female in the press corps
knew that right don't get in the
elevator with him now people are saying
it out loud and I think that does make
it that is a change so so wait a minute
I mean these were the guys we were
telling us that facts first facts first
and everything you know they're the
arbiters of truth why all these years
could could Cokie Roberts not get in an
elevator with John Conyers
you know I mean because because these
are things like listen I I'm willing to
admit there are a lot of gray areas I'm
willing to admit they're a lot of gray
areas and sexual interactions and you
know you might not know my read signals
wrong you might be overly aggressive you
might do something stupid you might be a
little drunk all those things but you
can't get in an elevator with a guy the
guy the guy's a predator and yet then
they bring you on nancy pelosi and they
say well shouldn't you know after all
these big more
this moral grandstanding over Roy Moore
they asked Nancy Pelosi
if Conyers should quit and here's her
answer John Conyers is an icon in our
country he has done a great deal to
protect women violence against women Act
which the left wing right wing is now
quoting me as praising him for his work
on that and he did great work on that
but the fact as John reviews his case
which he knows which I don't I believe
he will do I believe that he may I
finished making sure that he will do the
right thing and is the right thing what
was our he will do the right thing in
terms of what he knows about his
situation that he's entitled to due
process
but women are Rita entitled to due
process as well he took advantage of a
situation where he had an in the rules
of Congress and I know you guys want to
change these rules but he got to hide
his settlement he got to his accusers
had to go through all sorts of craziness
so why is he entitled to new due process
well I in this case no I we are talking
about what we have heard I've asked the
ethics committee to review that he has
said he'd be open he it will cooperate
with you excuse me do you believe John
Conyers I don't know who they are do you
they have not really come forward so she
kinda just dropped the ball right she
did we didn't want to call for this guy
to resign nobody wants to call for Al
Franken to resign everybody wants Roy
Moore to resign didn't to not be elected
because he's the Republican so basically
what happened over the Thanksgiving
weekend is the Democrats counted how
many of these things are gonna hurt them
and suddenly they've got this they start
to very much soft-pedal this so my point
here is this people are angry at Donald
Trump because he's impolite but
politeness is morality in action right
politeness are our ethics expressing
themselves how can we have agreement on
politeness when we don't agree on the
very very basic things tenets of
morality and that's what I'm gonna
explore in a moment but first first we
have to talk about I love this sponsor
man crates right I talked about this
last week man crates is you know if my
wife I'm sure there are a lot of women
who get this my wife says what do you
want for Christmas either
yeah just give me some nice you know how
you do Oh what I want so man crates has
this great stuff where they have
collected they've curated stuff that men
like and they put them in these and this
wooden boxes and they come with a
crowbar so the man gets to rip them open
and if you want them wrapped they'll
wrap them in duct tape
it's get through the duct tape so we
decided that we would get a man they
sent us a man crate they sent me a man
crate I requested the whiskey
appreciation man crate and they sent it
to me and you know those unboxing videos
we decided that I wanted to do it live
but everybody was afraid I'd hurt
somebody with a crowbar which wasn't
fair you know I you would think because
I'm so absent-minded people think I
can't do this up but I'm actually very
handy so we actually did this on video
we have an unboxing video of me and my
man crates this comes from man crazy and
man crates one of the coolest gift ideas
ever I think it's just stuff men like
that comes in a crate with a crowbar to
open it up I will get through this box
man crates calm slash Clavin for 5% off
and now we will open this thing up
you guys thought I couldn't do this
right first ah this is all this is my
kind of thing but correct this is a
sphere ice mold so let's see what else
come back we have a home light Vala goes
to pecans glaze this may be the best
gift anyone could get artisan peppercorn
list stirred Virginia peanuts now these
are very important because if you're
drinking you definitely want to eat as
well pistachios what is this oh it's a
stopper a beautiful beautiful glass
stopper
really nice and here is coasters so your
wife doesn't get angry at you for
putting rings on the table 33 glasses of
whiskey a pocket whiskey tasting Journal
excellent I love this oh wow
jeez this is really beautiful this is a
whiskey decanter and here is the most
important thing about drinking whiskey
you have to have a great whiskey glass
if this showed up under my tree for
Christmas I would really alley just be
absolutely these are beautiful beautiful
glasses good gentle man crates this I
have to say this is the only unboxing
video I would watch soon and crates calm
slash Clavin que la VA n you should
knows man crates calm slash clay D we
get 5% off really really excellent gift
I have to say this was good stuff
look I hadn't seen that before and I
didn't hurt myself I think I killed one
of the extras or something but I aside
from that man grates calm slash Clavin
you get 5% off they have and go on their
website it really go in their website
because they have a huge selection of
different things I of course went right
for the whiskey
but there's poker chips there's a hobby
type stuff fishing things and all that
really good stuff
Michael Knowles the heartthrob star of
another Kingdom will be with us
momentarily but first I have to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube come on
over to the daily wired.com you can
listen to the rest of the show but if
you had only subscribed oh you can do it
now you can subscribe now for a lousy 10
bucks a month you can watch the whole
show right there you can be part of the
mailbag if you subscribe for a year it's
just a hundred lousy bucks and you get
the leftist tears tumblr which actually
just the minute Knowles walks into a
room this thing fills up it's just a
miraculous thing alright come on over so
I want to show you a article a picture
that is an article in The New York Times
it was called his eye makeup is way
better than yours and it's by B Shapiro
so I'm very suspicious that's one of our
guys may be moonlighting his eye makeup
is way better than yours do we have the
picture from this thing it's a ten year
old boy in girls makeup basically and
it's about kids who do this on YouTube
to sell makeup so it starts would you be
inclined to buy makeup because a
ten-year-old boy is showing you how to
create a look on Instagram if we're
talking about Jack Bennett then the
answer could well be a resounding yes
since convincing his mother to start his
account in May on mr. Bennett who lives
in Berkshire England has amassed thirty
three hundred and thirty one thousand
followers and attracted the attention of
brands like ma C and NYX which have
offered products to reek to create looks
so in other words this is a kid who's
selling this makeup so here's the thing
a lot of people attack the times for
sexualizing a child a ten-year-old
child I think that that is a trick I
think that that's what they want you to
get upset about I think this is sick the
thing to do to a boy I think it's a sick
thing to let a little boy do a ten year
old boy doesn't know his sexuality he
doesn't know where he's going with this
he may have all kinds of different
things
I think allowing him to get into this
mindset he's perverted and sick and
twisted and I think to sell it in the
New York Times is perverted and sick and
twisted okay I'm not saying look the guy
the kid grows up and he's decides as an
adult that he's gay or he decides as an
adult that he's effeminate none of my
business absolutely none of my business
to sell the fact that this is an alright
thing to let your ten-year-old boy do
sick twisted perverse so we can't even
decide this I mean the thing about the
Roy Moore thing is I played the video
before is his opponent supports aborting
viable children I mean most states they
stop it you can have an abortion up to
20 weeks and now they know at 21 weeks
they have kept a baby alive a perfectly
healthy baby alive so yeah would I have
a debate with somebody about a
non-viable baby okay I'll have that
debate but after that you're just a
child killer you know so when you say to
me oh you're supporting a you know guy
who felt up a 14 year old girl 30 years
ago I think yeah the guy's a creep I
don't like Roy more anyway I wouldn't
like Roy more even if he hadn't done
that stuff he's not my kind of candidate
but he's running against a guy American
Psycho
he's right somebody who kills baby I was
in favor of killing baby we can't even
agree on these basic things so the New
York Times which is just waging a war on
men and it has been doing that for a
long time but is is using this you know
sexual scandal thing to up the ante runs
a piece called the unexamined brutality
of the male libido by Stephen March and
I want to read just a little bit of this
cuz this is the kind of thing that we
can't even I mean how can we agree on
what's polite on what's decent on what's
right if we can't even agree on what a
man or a woman is right so the
unexamined brutality of the male libido
after weeks of continuously unfolding
abuse scandals men have become quite
literally unbelievable at any given man
might say about gender politics and how
he treats women are separate and
unrelated phenomena flash you know this
is like a scoop at the New York Times at
what people say and what people do is
some
time's not the same liberal or
conservative feminist or chauvinist
Walker benighted young or old found on
Fox News or in the New Republic a man
stated opinions have next to no
relationship to behavior this is the New
York Times as News this is like the rest
of us understand this called hypocrisy
right men arrived at this moment of
reckoning woefully unprepared most are
shocked by the reality of women's lived
experience almost all are uninterested
or unwilling to grapple with the problem
at the heart of all this the often ugly
and dangerous nature of the male libido
the crisis we are approaching is
fundamental how can healthy sexuality
ever occur in conditions in which men
and women are not equal how are we
supposed to create an equal world when
male mechanisms of desire are inherently
brutal we cannot answer these questions
unless we face them I'm not asking for
male consciousness-raising groups let's
start with basic understanding that
masculinity is a subject worth thinking
about now I always love when the left
catches up with us because we've been
talking about masculinity all this time
that alone would be an immense step
forward if you want to be a civilized
man you have to consider what you are
pretending to be something else some
fiction if you would prefer to be cannot
help it is not morality but culture
accepting our monstrosity reckoning with
it that can save us if anything can
here's the thing I agree with every word
about this as long as you take out the
word male as long as you say that it's
about everybody's libido is dangerous
and violent and you know that's what I
was talking about Charles Manson like
Charles Manson wouldn't have been
Charles Manson if women hadn't flocked
to him if women didn't have that like I
didn't write the book Fifty Shades of
Grey I saw I scrolled through the movie
Fifty Shades of Grey and I was shocked
at the brutality of it I was shocked at
what a woman's fantasy looks like I
really I mean oh how would I know how
would I know I mean that a you know
woman's fantasy might involve a little
towel snapping and you know slapping her
with what the British call slap and
tickle that doesn't shock me at all but
that's the other thing was brutal
like I was kind of watching it through
my fingers you know like really they
were that that's the that's the fantasy
so I mean it's like these guys are not
accepting to sexuality at all they not
accepting the nature of sexuality at all
why do we open doors why are we polite
why do we speak to each other this way
if the left is actually going to have
that converse
they're not they're just gonna blame men
but if they were gonna have that
conversation we could begin to have a
conversation where people can start to
agree on things why is Donald Trump rude
why why is it okay with someone like me
who puts a very high value on politeness
why is it okay with me sometimes when
he's rude
you know why does that happen it's
because the bottom has fallen out of our
moral assumptions if it is okay to run
for the Senate while believing that a
baby can be killed at eight and a half
months you know what happens what magic
happens between eight and a half and
nine months that turns that into a child
you know what if we we can't even agree
on that how can we agree on anything and
why should anybody be polite why should
anybody be polite if if a guy can be
what is essentially a savage and what
Doug Jones believes is the belief of a
savage and run for the Senate now the
other guy is a creep I acknowledge that
I think he's a crime he was a creep
before these stories came out but the
other guy is a savage and we don't have
agreement on that I don't think we can
have agreement on much speaking of
savages let's bring on knowles there is
ready for the book and movie
recommendation Fifty Shades of Grey I
haven't heard of that one before sounds
great
it's it was terrific when I say I
scrolled through it I scroll through it
very very slowly so uh another great
weekend for another King didn't I have
to say it's now over 1,000 five-star it
is unbelievable how many I was kind of
nervous that I thought Thanksgiving
would kill us but I guess everyone they
had their dinner they had their very
tense Trump political conversations and
then they just immediately ran out and
downloaded another Kingdom that's great
I know and and and the things they are
saying even about you on occasion are
actually quite nice it's amazing because
I've only written five hundred and
eighty five of those reviews which means
there are a hundred and fifteen reviews
that were nice to me that I didn't write
that's amazing and it was a great it was
a lot of holidays have been happening
there was Thanksgiving
there's Black Friday there's evacuation
Day and now there's Cyber Monday wait
wait I missed what was evacuation nobody
nobody celebrates this anymore and it's
a very very upsetting evacuation
is the day that the British troops left
Manhattan
it's November 25 it's the day the
British troops left Manhattan in 1783
the last shot of the Revolutionary War
was fired on evacuation day because a
British ship was leaving and some jerks
in Staten Island were screaming at them
so they shot a cannonball at them it
didn't hit anybody which is nice
Washington triumphantly paraded down to
Manhattan I actually had a an adult
beverage or ten at the place where he
said farewell to the troops at Francis
Efrain in New York remembered well yeah
yeah great place and it reminded me
though that there were a lot of holidays
in the United States that we used to
celebrate that were awesome we don't
celebrate anymore we had in the in the
era where we were celebrating evacuation
day yeah we had training day this
happened in Washington it was the the
colonists would go out and they would
just shoot guns and then drink and eat
maybe the greatest holiday ever invented
wait we don't celebrate definitely
celebrate it whenever I whenever I have
a little too much at Francis tavern
maybe I'll but it's not enough
federally-recognized anymore okay
so then there was for Father's Day we
would celebrate the landing of the
Mayflower
now that's very politically incorrect
you could never do the forepersons or
something like and then there was of
course shad spawning and cornhusking day
that you and I still celebrate well you
know why did they celebrate these they
celebrated these because that's what
mattered to this culture what mattered
was shooting guns protecting themselves
from Indians and British people and and
you know cornhusking a very important
aspect of that culture especially in New
England and then evacuation day great
day to celebrate they actually have a
holiday was there actually they put up
an evacuation tree and like sing about
you
see evacuation hymns they would
celebrate at that tavern where it all
took place but it really was widely
known even outside of New York because
this was the actual end of the
Revolution and so then even throughout
the height of you know the American rise
the American ascendance we had these
great days we had made a you know there
was a basically a pagan holiday you'd
celebrate flowers and spring then the
Socialists ruined that one
I stole that for the International
Workers Party or whatever then there was
Washington's birthday they probably
celebrated that when you work remember
Washington Birthday and Lincoln's
birthday were holidays yeah we had to
get rid of those though we can't
celebrate great man anymore so and then
we just had Presidents Day to celebrate
the office like Bill Clinton or
something oh no we're storing Presidents
Day it made us it's made a certain
amount of sense because what what we
thought of it is putting Lincoln and
Washington together on one day which
just made a lot you know a lot of sense
but now it's become this vague sort of
you know you buy sheets that's you
celebrate Jimmy Carter I guess I don't
know celebrating the office of the
president a very anti-american thing
right and then you know even now what do
we have on the chopping block
certainly Columbus Day they're literally
getting rid of that holiday in cities
across the country Flag Day nobody
celebrates all of these things that used
to matter to Americans we don't
celebrate them anymore but look at
what's replaced it do you ever I try to
avoid the Google homepage as much as
possible I have that I have of their art
things so I just get a painting instead
of their I mean they they can access all
of my information already I don't need
to give them another way to do it but
they do these doodles so every so-called
holiday they'll put up a little picture
and it's a nice way to celebrate right
except they never do it on the real
holidays dana's is occasionally they put
one up for Independence Day but they
didn't put up any for fathers they
didn't put up any founding fathers now
Washington a Lincoln or rather not
Washington not Hamilton later on they've
never put up one for Lincoln's birthday
instead here's what we've gotten Amelia
Earhart's 115th birthday a terrible
pilot we have to celebrate her
terrible navigator a teacher's day they
have like 20 of these because they do it
teachers day in every every country in
the world okay a Spanish poet low-paid
to Vegas birthday like you know you know
that important day of the year
rukmi buy-outs birthday a female
physician in colonial India
jose clemente orozco his birthday
celebrate kimchi day children's day
pedro infante a working class hero
mexican actor 110th anniversary of
Uganda's railway i mark it on my
calendar but i know this reminds me and
a railway trees choo-choo sounds
cornelius arab ji the first female
graduate of bombay university we know
that you venerate that on your calendar
oh that guy who called joseph conrad
erases Chinua Achebe's birthday and
International Women's Day that you made
a great video about I did yes what is
missed so obviously anything that
pertains to real American history they
miss that anything that we've celebrated
for 200 years
that's out but even Christmas they'll
grudgingly put up Christmas but they
never put up Jesus
no other world religions but not Jesus
holidays
she is lovers day so siblings day selfie
day national Friendship Day national
podcast day which I'll give that one a
pass
national cookie day and Festivus the
Seinfeld Christmas substitute don't you
know what bothers me about this though
it is it is funny it is it is funny but
it's also like we conservatives are so
stupid that our intellectuals will not
engage on questions like this it's like
it's like Trump in the NFL it's like
when Trump goes exactly I mean it the
minute he did that I thought yes that's
one of the most important things he'll
do because it isn't right to let our
most privileged athletes get away with
disrespecting the flag no matter what
they're trying to protest so Trump was
right and all you hear is oh this is on
and why are we talking about this why
are we talking just cuz right-wingers
are idiots because the culture matters
you know right never Trump will scold us
they'll say well this doesn't matter it
who cares about he shouldn't be this
doesn't matter but you know who it
matters to a matters to the left the
culture matters to the weather the
people who are kneeling down at this NFL
protest it matters to them why are we it
matter to them because culture comes
from the same word is cult by the coal
air a in Latin read to cultivate what we
worship is related to the culture that
we have and holiday what is holiday mean
it means holy day the the holidays that
we celebrate are what our culture
venerates it's what our culture looks to
so we might say oh this is silly who
cares if they celebrate Chinua Achebe's
birthday instead of christmas or
something who cares if they kneel down
but the left cares and they've had
tremendous cultural ascendance over a
century because of it and I think Donald
Trump gets it too and I can't tell if
his critics on the Left are just being
disingenuous because they don't like how
uncouth the guy is or if they genuinely
don't realize that you know what really
what matters here is the culture that's
the big determiner of things well
everything else is just a counting
that's why they're so hysterical that's
why I was talking about a Thanksgiving
we had this discussion I said name
something that Trump has done that has
violated the constitution or violated
the norms of American governance and
only they would only say what he had
said that's right you know I don't know
if you've ever heard of the cartoonist
at Gahan Wilson he was he was did these
kind of morbid very funny but kind of
horror cartoons almost like in The New
Yorker he's still working I think he's
still if he's still alive they still
publish his stuff in The New Yorker one
of them I remember when I was a little
kid was just a gigantic zero and people
were dancing around it and liked it like
it was the Golden Calf and somebody
observing them said is nothing sacred I
think that is what the left is trying to
push us toward if it's not if the flag
is not sacred then disrespecting
American history isn't sacred and
disrespecting American traditions aren't
sacred and we can start to institute the
leftism that they're so desperate to
have this is this is Donald Trump's
masterpiece the masterpiece of his
presidency has been to become jingoistic
about American tradition in the face of
the left's onslaught no question about
everybody has got to serve somebody and
so they have to
down the things that we do venerate the
things that we do look toward as Holy
Days as as worthy of celebration and
worthy of remembrance they have to rip
those down first before they can cram
their agenda down our throats and it is
great it is it is the highlight of Trump
the Trump's administration for me you
know in his same way the same way the
rank-and-file conservatives don't always
support the culture this kind of stuff
we're doing like an another kingdom and
that and the TV shows that which we try
to put on the same way the intellectuals
don't support the things that make our
everyday life a part of that make our
everyday life into an American culture
and intellectuals just don't think that
stuff's important and they're wrong all
right good to see what's on your show
tonight today we are covering the fake
news trophy we're handing it out I don't
want to spoil it or anything but it's
going to that ridiculous government
Bureau the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau we're gonna analyze why they got
to burn it to the ground
I hope Meryl Streep will be there to
accept it she's gonna be too busy
applauding sexual assailants but maybe
maybe she can come to this award show -
that's right my the Michael Doyle show
comes on after this good to see you
Michael talk to you soon all right and
it with a perfect segue to go from
Michael Knowles to our crappy culture
we usually come from what is that music
alright so I noticed this I was in New
York recently and I was in a children's
section of a bookstore and I noticed
that they are they are peddling this
left-wing garbage like it's going out of
style now of course it's in New York so
it's the heart of cultural darkness I
get that but still and especially
especially to little girls and you know
they don't have one yet you know little
Tommy puts on makeup but I'm sure
they're getting there and what they do
have is here is this book that I noticed
called feminist baby and hot air I think
it was hot air I found this they
actually covered it this target is has
selections of books for young children
feminist baby by Lauren Brandt's a
writer on feminism and body image for
BuzzFeed
okay so tells you all the things that
feminist baby does and I will read you
some of them here's a picture from it
feminist baby feminist baby says no to
pants so feminist baby doesn't wear
diapers okay and that's so I'm sure
every mom wants a baby who doesn't wear
it why on earth you know feminist baby
makes lots of noise it's family a girl
baby I guess it's a girl baby banging on
a on pots I know moms love they love
when their kids bang on pots like you
know that's like feminist mom kills
feminist baby lots of noise and the next
one rhymes with this so I guess it's the
next page feminist baby the one you
showed before his feminist baby throws
her toys and this is this is feminism
because one of the things that feminism
does is it takes the worst behavior of
men the worst behavior of men and it
says oh this is empowering for women to
do this yeah I've forgotten the name of
that loudmouth comedian Amy Schumer yeah
Amy Schumer I should remember right it's
Chuck so is she related to Chuck she
probably is with it yeah she's related a
makes perfect sense but you know she
gets up and she says this this filth
comes out of her mouth and this kind of
she advocates and makes fun of this
lifestyle of hard drinking and
and sex and waking up and not knowing
where you were are and who you're with
and all this stuff and completely
grotesque descriptions of her private
parts and the feminist goes yeah this is
so empowering anything's like huh
but men are supposed to be polite to
women right man or not then when a man
gets in an elevator with you and you're
not safe there's a problem right so it's
like their culture it's a you know they
haven't they have no place to stand
anymore then New York Times are selling
you know makeup the ten-year-old boys
feminists are telling us that what we
need are babies who throw their toys
around instead of babies who like treat
learn to behave well it's like then they
come to us and say Oh Donald Trump is
rude Oh men are you know toxic on what
on what grounds on what grounds so as
the week goes on unless the news breaks
and I have to talk about the immediate
news but I want to talk more about how
we start to rebuild a culture a moral
culture without their help because they
have we have nothing in common with them
anymore
if you believe that a baby can be killed
ten minutes before it comes through the
magic vagina that make gives it humanity
you know you and I have nothing to talk
about
but you and I this audience and I have a
lot to talk about and we can start to
talk about the ways in which rules
matter and the ways in which
individualism matter as well
tomorrow who do we have on tomorrow we
have Bruce Oh Bruce Bauer really
interesting guy you'll you he moved to
Europe to Scandinavia because he was
tired of homophobia and he found learned
a very important lesson of living
overseas he'll be with us tomorrow I
will be with us tomorrow
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see you then
