Thanksgiving is here but it's hard to be
thankful when Russia has taken over our
democracy the White House is run by a
lunatic fascist and white supremacists
or running rampant through our streets
carrying assault weapons with chainsaw
bayonets
while women cower and fear that
Republicans will grab their crotches if
Democrats ever let go of them long
enough for Republicans together and
unfortunately there's a solution
turn off CNN because in real life things
are actually pretty damn good meanwhile
with Charlie Rose fired Democrat John
Conyers under attack and one of the
founders of Pixar stepping down as the
sex scandal spread the late Andrew
Breitbart actually left conservative
heaven and came back to earth to deliver
this message to Hollywood Congress and
the press Breitbart was ahead of his
time we have the mailbag coming up so if
you still have any problems left prepare
to have them solve trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
so we need also sing tipsy Topsy
disabilities in it's a wonder
I crack myself up there which is a good
thing because I'm the last person left
in LA people in this studio it's like
it's like one of those apocalyptic
zombie movies okay look at this if you
can see if you're watching you got to
look at this picture of the traffic
leafy LA yesterday it's unbelievable I
mean this is that is that is what Los
Angeles looks like the day wait what is
two days before Thanksgiving this is the
other thing about Hollywood nobody doesn
t work here so it's like basically as
the weekend approaches it's always two
days before look at that look at that
this just was saying if we put some
green in there B Christmas right it
really is that is really something else
I didn't see any of it I might dude you
guys get caught in this little no is a
trick just stay off the freeways and and
you'll be fine
so we are here by ourselves in LA that's
a now a completely empty city except for
those guys shuffling around eating
people's brains and it's Thanksgiving
you know there's not that much news
going on I see people like reporting
things like you know some guy hung up on
Trump or something like this so we got
to talk about it really is true if you
were if you all you did was listen to
the media and get on social media and
listen to the news you would think this
year had been one crisis after another
but in fact and that's it's been really
good it's not so much you know so I
thought I would talk about some of the
things that I'm thankful for and I think
you know listen gratitude is the key to
happiness I mean everybody will tell you
this it's not this is not an original
thought but you know the first prayer I
ever said the first serious prayer I
ever said as I was converting was thank
you God that was it that was a first
forever transformed my life you know it
actually did actually the next day I
woke up and I felt so connected to the
world and so because you know I mean if
you're not dying if you're not ill which
is a terrible thing you know and if
you're not starving which obviously is a
terrible thing and if you're you know
you've got something in your life that
you love or someone in your life that
you love you you gotta be you have to be
grateful to connect to it otherwise it
just disappears
it really is so I'm gonna talk about
some of the obviously the political
things that I'm
fool about but I do want to start out
and I don't want to do this in a
sentimental way but I do want to start
out by saying I am really thankful for
all of you guys who are watching or
listening to this yesterday I asked
people if they would show up and give me
a little hand with another kingdom
bolster it up a little bit and they sent
it up it's like number 14 on the archana
list and all these you know I'm really
grateful I really am and I'm grateful
too for doing this I mean I love doing
that I did not know I did this as a
flyer I did it because I really love
Jeremy borin don't don't tell him I said
this you tell him I said this I'm gonna
call you a liar but you know I just
think Jeremy boring the god-king of the
daily wire great guy really really fond
of Shapiro's I know you know I like to
hear more than shapiro like some it was
not allowed to like spirit but I like
tripper and you know they said come on
over we were doing this at the truth
revolt and they said come on over and do
this and I thought yeah I'll take a
crack at it you know it's like I have I
had plenty of work to do so I wasn't
like really looking for it but I have
been shocked at how much fun it is and
how and how creative it is I mean that's
always the thing like I my whole thing
is making stuff I like to make stuff and
I didn't think this was going to be like
making stuff I was afraid it would just
be blathering but it really has some of
these shows have been you know really
creative really have informed what I'm
writing about and thinking about and
it's just I don't know it just has been
a terrific thing and you know the other
thing that I'm really I was so afraid
this is really true when we lost truth
revolt I was so afraid that I wouldn't
have a voice in the election that the
election would come and go and I
wouldn't have anything to say instead we
were in the thick of it and I was wrong
about a lot of things and where
everybody was wrong about a lot of
things but still I was really glad I had
something to say because you know it is
not enough we always talk about how
we're the smashmouth site and we're
fighting the left and we're you know
melting the snowflakes but it's not
enough to fight the left you know it's
not enough to expose the left's live you
have to express your truth you have to
say why you believe what you believe and
what it is that we believe and I think
that you know we all have a sort of
place in this the way the daily wire
works we have Shapiro who kind of you
know deconstructs the news and looks at
each thing in a very insightful you know
way and I kind of take a bigger cultural
and spiritual look and I don't know what
knowles does was
they don't pay him do they no I say I
don't know what he still must be doing
something but I have no idea but anyway
I think it's it is it's not just it's
not just saying they're wrong they're
wrong they're wrong because ultimately
that's an empty way to fight because
they'll win they will win if we don't
say why why the right is right and I
just think I am genuinely genuinely
grateful for that one take just a quick
look there's not a lot of news today I
could talk about Germany but I don't
want to you know it's very it's very
interesting you know that everybody
keeps talking here about how unpopular
Trump is but Trump is actually more
popular than the guys and the people in
Germany who kind of represent the
establishment that he's replacing in the
German coalition Merkel's a German
coalition is falling apart and she's
they're afraid to have another election
because the right wing is on the rise
and in Germany in other but he's not
like her
a right wing is going that yeah a
constitution freedom there right wings
like kill everybody more nervous about
that the only thing that really did
happen is Trump was on his way off to
holiday and they stopped them and they
peppered him with questions about the
Roy Moore thing and he had he had two
things to say where he'd fight he took a
stand but it's not the stand the press
is saying he took what he took a stand
where first he said that well he said it
more denies it was cut play cut five
first and this is he says you know he
doesn't know it's true
if you look at what what is really going
on and you look at all the things that
are bad for the last 48 hours he totally
denies it he says it didn't happen and
you know you have to listen to him also
you're talking about he said 40 years
ago this did not happen
so you know and then he said this about
who he wants to see in the Senate is cut
for I can tell you one thing for sure we
don't need a liberal person in there a
Democrat Jones I've looked at his record
it's terrible and crime it's terrible in
the border it's terrible in the military
I can tell you for a fact we do not need
somebody that's gonna be bad on crime
better on borders bed with the military
bad for the second amendment okay so you
heard what he said right he said more
denies it he's not saying the women are
are lying he's just saying more denies
it and you know he likes him better than
the Democrat so here is Morning Joe and
this is typical I brick this out only
because it's typical of the news reports
here is willie geist on Norman Norman
Morning Joe cut number 7 reporting what
you just saw
talk about the pollak politics of this
think about the morality of it just put
the rates aside for the United States
now saying clearly and out loud that he
takes the side of Roy Moore he takes the
word of foreign law reverses the word of
the nine accusers he made that very
clear yesterday so if your moral code
doesn't dictate that you come out
strongly against someone who's been
accused of these things I know maybe a
political strategic argument would
prevail on the president which is that
you win this seat the Senate seat for
Roy Moore it's a Pyrrhic victory because
you will be saddled as you all have just
said yeah as the party of a pedophile
for the rest of wearing wars term and by
the way the president will be saddled
with that and say you stood up in this
moment of truth you stood up and took
the side of an accused pedophile hi boo
so was that me I mean I didn't see that
happen you know I mean I look look he's
playing Trump is being a politician he's
playing this in a political way you know
he could take the high ground and say we
always gonna believe the women on stuff
but he says I don't know
as long as I don't know I would prefer
not to have a Democrat but he certainly
didn't endorse more and he certainly
didn't say do what guys you know the
other guy John Heilemann he was Mark
Halperin spart nur also on Morning Joe
but they did this thing together called
the circus or something for HBO where
they followed the election he goes on
and he says Trump identifies with Roy
Moore I thought he'll do you know what
Trump identifies what you know what are
you please reporting from inside his
brain now you know it's like you're yes
I'm inside the president's brain and he
identified you know I thought do you
identify with mark halpern you know it's
like it's utterly ridiculous but the
only thing I just the only other god I
want to play from yesterday was this
that Moore's opponent Doug Westin Jones
he's on with Chuck Todd and talking
about the fact that he is an abortion
extremist I mean he believes in abortion
basically until the kids like 18 I think
is just blow them away so this is this
is the opponent see this is the thing
all year long all year long we've been
listening to the left tell us how awful
we offer endorsing Trump as if his
opponent had been Abraham Lincoln you
know his opponent was this creepy little
crook who has been lying to us for 30 40
years and you know even even if you hate
Donald Trump the choice was between
those two people so here's the other guy
in this story listen to what he says
what are the limitations that you
believe should be in the law when it
comes to an abortion well look I am a
firm believer that a woman should have
the freedom to choose what happens to
her own body and I'm going to stand up
for that and I'm gonna make sure that
that continues to happen I want to make
sure that as we go forward people have
access to contraception they have access
to the abortion that they might need if
that's what they choose to do I think
that that's going to be an issue that we
can work with and talk to people about
from both sides of the aisle it's one of
those you wouldn't legislate so you
wouldn't be in favor of legislation that
said ban abortion after 20 weeks or
something like that now I'm not gonna in
favor of anything that is going to
infringe on a woman's right in her
freedom to choose that's just the
position that I've had for many years is
position I continue to have but when
those people I want to make sure if
people understand that once an a is born
I'm gonna be there for that child that's
where I become a right to life through
the pregnancy Doug is there for you you
know I would saw Michael Caine receive
an award from critics I always remember
this I was at the award ceremony and he
received an award from critics it was
the critics word at the end of his
career basically he was you know already
80 or something like this and Cain said
this is like receiving an award from
snipers for having survived the war
that's like doug jones on your side as
long as you don't get aborted ten-minute
you know the baby was just born 21 weeks
21 weeks knew his viable was kept alive
and is now doing very well so what the
hell is he talking about he's talking
about killing babies so you know it's
it's like a hard choice to make I have
absolutely I do believe some of the many
of the accusers of Roy Moore they seem
really plausible to me but this guy it's
like you know they calling him a
pedophile fair enough but this guy's a
child killer I mean why is that any
different I don't I don't understand
exactly how that changes anything all
right you know I forgot to mention the
mail bag the mail bag is today I almost
forgot oh no I didn't I mentioned it
before this long now I remember
okay sorry you know when you're here by
yourself and the entire city is empty
you just get confused right so let's
talk about this thing I am genuinely
thankful for this year and I'm not just
for the show which I have loved really
thankful you guys showed up for another
Kingdom I'm glad it's doing so well it's
been it's been a wonderful wonderful
year but but politically it's really
interesting there and the reason you
know I was once the reason I I feel I
was too saying how when I said a prayer
of thanks it connected me to the world
the reason I feel that that's true is
that everything that matters in life
comes from us not from the world I was
once on an elliptical machine next to
some environmental guy the Jim Wright
were both on the machines we start
talking and he was going on giving me
this elliptical at this environmental
guff you know and he was talking about
it so I said you know I would rather
kill
he was talking about how beautiful the
Jaguars were or something like this I
said I would rather kill every Jaguar
then give up do harm to any human being
and he said oh I'd get rid of all the
human beings because the Jaguars are so
beautiful and I said no because if you
get rid of the human beings the Jaguars
aren't beautiful anymore that beautiful
is a human category beautiful is when a
human being looks at a Jaguar then it's
beautiful a Jaguar isn't even Swift if
it's if a human being is there because
the concept of Swift is in the mind of
people and the question that is always
out there the question of faith is
whether what's in your mind is being
sent into it from God is there such a
thing as an objective standard of beauty
an objective standard of RIA of morality
an objective standard of meaning this is
the thing that the left has been
constantly and intellectuals have been
constantly telling us now for it's about
five hundred years that no no no there's
no such thing as meaning beauty is in
the eye of the beholder morality your
morality is different my morality and
what those of us who have faith says no
no this is coming from somewhere this is
also you know that this is the mind of
God coming through God's creation and
gratitude is what connects one of the
things that connects you with that
reality and it makes the world real
gratitude is what makes the world real
that's why people practice gratitude
that's why they do it as a practice they
say that you know you wake up every
morning and say I'm thankful for this
and for this and for this because it
connects you to the reality of those
things it's what it's what I called in
my book the great good thing the joy of
my joy it connects you not don't just
have the joy you can experience the joy
through gratitude so here are some
things I am grateful for play cut eat in
America there's a failure to appreciate
Europe's leading role in the world there
have been times where America's showed
arrogance struggle for women's equality
continues in many aspects of American
life there is a long history in this
country of african-americans and Latinos
being stopped by law enforcement
disproportionately that's just a fact I
realized that America's critics will be
quick to point out that at times we too
have failed to live up to our ideals
then America has plenty of problems
within its own borders this is true so
yes we have our own racial and ethnic
tensions far most costly mistakes came
not from our restraint but from our
willingness to rush in to military
adventures in the immediate aftermath of
9/11 we did some things that were wrong
we tortured some folks we did some
things that were contrary to our values
I am so thankful that guys not president
anymore I cannot tell you that droning
apologetic anti-american garbage that he
spewed and a lot of those cuts were not
from him sitting in the White House
press room they were from him at the UN
and from him in Cairo talking to tyrants
and you know just people who destroy
their own people talking and apologizing
for this country are you kidding me I am
so glad that weight is off the political
mind you know people you know people
keep picking on Trump for the fact that
he has this antic sense of humor you
know the fact that he is he's willing to
say you know when he got those UCLA guys
out of out of China and then one of the
fathers said it wasn't his fault
he said I should have left him there and
everybody was in stitches I mean the guy
is funny he's light he's vibrant he's
alive I got problems with him I've
talked about my problems with him but at
least he doesn't apologize for America I
mean at least he says this is a great
country he obviously loves the country
he's made millions here and billions you
know Obama was elevated from with no
experience whatsoever the highest office
in the land and it never occurred to him
to be grateful it never could because he
thought it was his birthright he thought
it was his birthright and with all those
apologies he was going to come down from
Olympus and deliver these incredible
enlightened policies and how wonderful
how wonderful they were all going to be
and they all failed and it never once
not once did it occur to him say hmm you
know the Middle East wasn't on fire when
I took office and
it's in flames maybe it's me you know
the government the the economy has done
so much better all through American
history
maybe it's my stupid health care plan
that's sitting on it like a waiting
never occurred to me the arrogance and
all you know Joe Hill wonderful writer
the son of Stephen King and obviously
Kings a big liberal and yes Joe Hill is
too but Hill is I love he writes scary
stories like his dad and really
entertaining I really like his stuff but
he tweeted today that like wow we'll
never see such decency and such you know
goodness again as we saw with the
Obama's in the White House and I just
feel I don't feel listen I don't feel
like we're bad people or evil people I
don't feel he was beating his wife I
don't feel he was cheating on his wife
and I don't feel he was bad to his kids
any of those things but he was corrupt
and he was corrupt because he was
arrogant and it's such a breath of fresh
air to have him gone you know I mean it
is funny to me part of the thing that
has been hilarious to me with all his
attacks on Trump they can't lay a glove
on him because he just probably didn't
do anything I mean he's been very open
about his wanting to have good
relationships with Russia but he
obviously didn't sit around helping them
skew the election in any illegal way
where this connected illegal stuff all
the time and and they never touched him
and just that constant lies the constant
corruption that constant arrogance the
constant superiority in the constant
hatred of America I am so thankful
that's gone and you forget you know
after 11 months what I dragged he was
you know I gotta say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube but the mailbag is coming up
that means that you were going to be
stuck with your problems if you don't
come over to the Daily wire calm and
subscribe you can listen to the show
there if you subscribe for a lousy 10
bucks
I will now see 10 bucks you can not only
watch the whole show on the site you can
be in the mailbag next time you can ask
your questions next time so that thing
that's been keeping you up at night
it could be solved because the answers
you know you get in the mailbag they are
guaranteed 100% correct and will change
your life every now and then for the
better plus if you subscribe for a year
it's a lousy hundred bucks and you get
the leftist tears mug which we are going
to keep filled not only through
Christmas but all through next year
this Leptis dears log
is going to magically fill up by simply
our destroying the left every day come
on over to the daily wire calm here is
another thing that I am thankful for
give me cut 9 you know what I'm gonna
say I'm so thankful I don't have to
listen to that voice for 4 years and you
know it never gets old to me it never
gets old you really have to remember
this is a woman who opposes the First
Amendment they keep saying the Trump
attacking the press is a bad for the
First Amendment I don't agree with that
I think it actually made cleanup and
reform the press eventually if they
doesn't right but this woman was against
the First Amendment she was against
citizens united being able to release a
video attacking her she would thought
that was the worst thing that the
supreme court ever did allowing them to
actually let people oppose her she was
against the Second Amendment
she would have solidified so many of the
regulations and the you know the
obviously the health care bill and all
the things that Obama did would have
been set there for life whereas now
Obama's legacy a smoking pile of ashes
it deserves to be not another of it but
still a lot of it I am really grateful
I'm grateful not to have to listen to
her lies anymore to listen to them and
listen to the press why I'm grateful
that I don't have to listen to the press
lie for another four years and cover up
for this corrupt it meant for her
corrupt administration the way they
cover it up for Obama's administration
let them hurl themselves against Trump
he is a big fellow who's well able to
take care of himself
I just think the fact that this woman is
not president should never get old we
should never forget that she is not the
president every day you should wake up
and think like
what's what you know you know how when
you wake up on Christmas morning and a
kid for a moment you can't remember why
you feel so happy and then you think oh
yeah it's Christmas Santa clay we should
wake up every morning I think why do I
feel so good oh yeah Hillary is not the
President of the United States here is
another thing I'm grateful for I'm
grateful that I was wrong about Donald
Trump you know my observations and I'm
not making excuses I'm happy to admit
when I'm wrong especially if I'm wrong
the things especially things are better
than I thought they were gonna be but my
observations about Trump were right my
observations about carrot his character
and the things that I don't like about
him were right but my fears were wrong
my fears were that those flaws were far
worse and would lead to far worse than
so far at least they have he's not an
authoritarian I mean that was my big
fear I thought like you know I thought I
really did believe that Hillary Clinton
would mark the election of Hillary
Clinton would mark the beginning of the
end of the American experiment I think I
thought we would never get back that she
would appoint judges who would overrule
the First Amendment she would appoint
judges that would overrule the Second
Amendment I thought we would never ever
get our country back if she actually had
a chance to do the things that she
wanted to do and I did not think and I
do not think that a Republican Congress
would have stopped her I don't think
they had the nerve I don't think they we
can see that they don't have the nerve
we can still see that they don't have
the guts that they are carried away that
they are carried away by you know the
news and by the media and they're afraid
and and I think that I was so I was
wrong that he was going to be an
authoritarian that he was going to
govern outside of the outside of the
rules of the Constitution he hasn't done
that at all they keep calling him a Nazi
and he keeps saying I want the
legislature to legislate they won't do
it he's not good at wrangling the cats
in Congress which is an unfortunate
thing but look the economy outstanding
right at the stock market hits a new
record every day 3% GDP I wish you know
I'm gonna collect all the article saying
that could never happen because it did
happen
Isis defeated in 11 months after all
that you know Barack Obama what do we do
here oh do we do this
you know after brocco bomb and let them
first of all let them loose by letting
by getting out of Iraq too soon there
they're gone basically they're obviously
they're gonna spread they're going to
come back in another way terrorism
is gonna be with us but Isis is gone
great judges around 60 terrific judges
and the Congress finding the guts to
appoint those judges and confirm those
judges in spite of the let's
obstructionism the regulation rollback
is massive
I mean it's massive and that you know
that's something people will like me
don't feel so much because the First
Amendment protects us from regulation
but if you're living in a business where
they can come in and tell you you can't
where you know if what if they said you
could come in and they do this to people
you know you can't wear that sweater
because it might give people the
impression that you support so you know
they could do anything and they do this
to people saying you can't have your
cows drink out of your own lake you
can't cut down your own trees you have
to put a window in your business here
instead of there you know obviously some
regulation is necessary but it has
gotten way way out of control it is
oppressive and people who work in
businesses like mine that are protected
don't feel it but it really is bad for
the country and one of the reasons the
stock market is doing so well is because
of the regulation roll back roll back
and I feel he's moving the ball forward
with North Korea you know the one thing
I always hit Trump on is on the rudeness
the bullying and stuff like this but a
long time ago I wrote an essay for city
journal called the big white line and
you can go on and just type in the big
white lie city journal a big white like
Clavin and and I just want to read you
it just a couple of paragraphs about it
because this was way way before any of
this happened and I said the thing I
like best about being a conservative is
that I don't have to lie I don't have to
pretend that men and women are the same
I don't have to declare that failed or
oppressive cultures are as good as mine
I don't have to say that everyone's
special or that the rich caused poverty
or that all religions are a path to God
I don't have to claim that a bad writer
like Alice Walker is a good one and that
a good writer like Toni Morrison is a
great one I don't have to pretend that
Islam means peace of course like
everything this candor has a price a
politics that depends on honesty will be
by nature often impolite good manners
and hypocrisy are intimately intertwined
and so conservatives with their
gimlet-eyed view of the world are always
susceptible to charges of incivility
it's not really nice to describe things
as they are this is left isms great
strength it's all white lies
that's his only advantage as far as I
can tell none of its programs actually
works after all from statism and income
redistribution to liberalize criminal
laws and multiculturalism from its
assault on religion to its read
redefinition of family leftist policies
have made the common life worse wherever
they're installed but because it depends
on and is defined by describing the
human condition inaccurately leftism is
nothing if not polite with its torturous
attempts to rename unpleasant facts out
of existence he's not crippled dear he's
handicapped it's not a slum it's an
inner city it's not surrender its
redeployment leftism has outlived his
own failure by hiding itself within the
most labyrinthine construct of social
delicacy since Victoria was Queen that's
why we needed Trump even though I don't
like it even though I don't like the
rudeness even though I don't like the
pushing the pushing this they have used
our politeness they have misused our
politeness to redefine the world as so
many people you hear them all the time
saying you know how how can we fight
back what if I can't say this what if I
can't say that why are we letting the PC
police ruin Columbus Day you don't have
to let him ruin it you just have to
ignore you have to be rude enough to not
accept their definition of politeness
and Trump has done that I am thankful
for that I think guys I think we dodged
a bullet we really did and I think for
all the look Trump is a character he's
outlandish he does some things that I
don't like he says some things that are
dopey he is so much better than what we
could have had what everybody said we
were gonna have and it really is it's an
amazing thing let's do the mail bag
though all right from Robert dear Andrew
why does some conservative pundits
appear on the Meet the Press roundtable
where they usually deal with the likes
of Anna Navarro joy Reid or Thomas
Friedman it seems that a lot of the
token conservative is not a happy one I
think it goes beyond that I think it is
amazing Reid you know just do this
experiment when they nowadays it cost
like $10 if you don't subscribe but go
buy a copy of the New York Times and buy
a copy of the Wall Street Journal and
read the editorial page
I call the op-ed page on The Times
knucklehead row just read their normal
columnist for just pick out four columns
Thomas Friedman I don't know if he's
still there Bruni you know all the
people there and then go read The Wall
Street Journal forget about whether you
agree with them or not the level of
intelligence with the exception of Ross
do thought he's gone it's unbelievable
they're idiots I don't care what their
degrees say I don't care well they're
quote the guys are knuckleheads when I
call him knucklehead row I am being
literal and their hysterics and they act
like little girls they act like little
girls who've seen a mouse you know it is
not just enough that they disagree with
Trump and all say they are a hysterical
and I just think the difference between
the level of intelligence between our
guys and commenting even the people I
disagree with and I you know I obviously
sometimes I disagree with every one of
them but the level of their intelligence
their insight their learning their
knowledge their conception of reality
it's just incredible compared to the
left
they are they're you know a long time
ago someone famously said there is no
intellectual life on the right
I think that was may have been true back
then now there is no intellectual life
on the left all the intellection is on
the right from Derek dear mr. Clavin
what is your favorite traditional
Thanksgiving dish ah my friend
I love thanks I do love Thanksgiving I
love the meal my mother made these
candied yams yams with marshmallows and
she passed the recipe on to my wife who
now makes it every year and I it's it's
good because it tastes unbelievable but
it's only 16 thousand calories a
spoonful so you could just eat it let's
say your blood turns his jabba the hutt
basically it just makes you know
enormous but I just love it I really
love the traditional the turkey stuffing
and cranberry sauce and I love it the
next day I saw Pat Sajak tweeted that
yesterday that he likes the leftovers so
much that he has the meal the day before
Thanksgiving speaking of the leftovers
on Thanksgiving I completely identify
that with that if you have some homemade
bread some thick bread and you put
turkey and stuffing and cranberry sauce
on that the next day greatest sandwich
God ever made from Travis and this is
came under the names Travis probably
from mrs. Travis's probably from his
wife hi drew we actually subscribed so I
could ask you this question
my husband and I are committed
Christians but over the last couple of
years I've grown to quite despise
liberals and Democrats I know it's wrong
I really do I think it probably grieves
God and I try to see them through his
eyes but my goodness the ones I interact
with largely on Twitter are just awful
do you ever feel the same way and if so
how did you fix it thank you so much
well first of all key thing is the
Twitter the social media thing social
media is it's very bad for people you
know it really is it's useful I can I
can enjoy it but I myself limit the time
I spend on social media because it a
it's addictive and B it brings out the
worst in people and the reason it brings
out the worst in people is you're not
looking people in the eye and you're not
seeing you know who you're hurting it's
easy to remember that another person is
on the you know is on the other side of
that and because it gives everybody a
voice it keeps the worst people a voice
and we have this natural tendency to be
to look for outrage and social media is
constructed by people it's constructed
by social scientists who know what will
keep you on there motive is to keep you
on there as long as possible and they
know that outrage will keep you on they
know that insult will keep you on anger
those are the things that are like a
drug and I always say anger is the
devil's cocaine this is what I mean so
that's the first thing limit the kind of
social media you do and and and you know
it really is important I think to know
people who disagree with you it really
is and sometimes we do it through our
family but sometimes you have to go to
your do sometimes in your church it's
important to meet people because there
are people on the Left I disagree with
them some of the people on the left I
love I disagree with them almost all of
them I find don't know what they're
talking about I mean they actually don't
know what the facts are and it was
Ronald Reagan's great line it's not that
they it's not that they don't know
anything is that everything they know is
wrong and and I do find that but some of
them look they're so lovely and so
caring and they're looking wants so much
to change the world for the better and I
just think that you really have to know
them and look them in the eye when you
will find that there are actually not
many of them are not as
and some look some people are just rude
horrible people and all you can do is
forgive them and move on and try not to
carry the hate hatred with you but don't
you shouldn't judge you shouldn't judge
people by the activists you know you
shouldn't judge gay people by the home
homo Nazi who goes in and Sue's a
florist for not catering his wedding
that guy is a bad guy but you shouldn't
judge you know the guy who does your
your interior design or whatever who may
be a lovely person it's really important
to meet people face to face from Matthew
hey Andrew how do hominoids fit into
creation if humans weren't always humans
when did we first receive a soul I get
it so in other words in the chain of
evolution when do we have a soul well
one of the things do you think about
about this obviously I can't speak to
this with authority my answers are
guaranteed 100% correct but that's only
through the inspiration of the Almighty
because there's obviously something
nobody actually knows about but what
really seems to be different about human
beings is their self-awareness it's not
just that we know it's that we know we
know and we can think about the fact
that we know and we can think about who
we are and what's happening in to us and
what will happen in the future and as
much as I love animals and as much as I
you know I had a dog who was one of the
best friends I ever had I did not feel
that she was fully aware and the one
thing about this is it doesn't seem to
be a divisible thing you don't seem it's
possible that you can have
self-consciousness and then have a
little bit and then have a little bit
less and then have a little bit less it
seems you either are self-aware or
you're not and I think that that's
probably the dividing line there's some
place where the spark of God comes in
and you have this this self-knowledge
which is different in kind not just it's
it's different in kind not just in
degree the only thing I will say is I do
believe in CS Lewis said something very
similar that in in her ability to love I
think my dog was connected to me and I
actually have hopes that my dog and I
will see each other again but it may be
that she will be part of me you know
that like somehow my soul will be shared
with her through love or something like
that so look this is a question without
an answer because we don't know for all
we know answer sitting around going like
now how do we know that human beings are
just self-aware as we are
you know that's what for all we know but
but it seems to me that this is not it's
not a divisible thing self-consciousness
is not as a visible thing from Kyle Oh
captain my Clavin I am a Catholic who
has had a very rocky journey of faith I
have some periods of life where I pray
frequently and go to Mass every week
sometimes on more days than just Sunday
then I'll have periods where I fall away
from the religious parts of life but I
never lose faith or believe in God
recently I have been in the latter
situation for a longer amount of time
than usual like don't pray enough I
don't go to Mass enough and I have
trouble bringing God into all aspects of
my life as Christian should do this
worries me these low points have always
worried me any advice on what I should
do to stop the ebb and flow of my
relationship with God and maintain a
constant growing of my faith well yeah
first of all you don't want to stop the
ebb and flow of your will every
relationship absent flows and that can
be the periods when it's deepening
without your even knowing it you
shouldn't worry about that I mean I
think that is true in relationships with
other humans and I think it's true in
relationship with God sometimes you feel
like God is sitting right there in front
of you and sometimes you can't find him
and you feel that he's not listening and
that you know obviously you know that
old it's corny but that whole thing
about the footsteps in the sand you know
your foots you say to God your footsteps
vanished when I was in trouble and he
says no it's your footsteps that
vanished I was carrying you and I think
that that's true you shouldn't worry
about that what you should worry about
though is what we'll call praxis which
is a fancy word for the things you do I
think that when you drift away from
church when you drift away from the
Bible when you drift away from prayer I
think that that's not helpful and I
think that you don't it's not this is
not an emotional thing you don't want to
just do it when you feel it you want to
do it because the Praxis is good to
maintain the relationship in order to be
in a relationship you know you can't
just sort of not not see your wife and
wonder why you're distant from her you
have to see your wife and sometimes your
relationship may be incredibly intense
and sometimes it may be less intense but
you got to see her to have that
relationship and the same thing is true
with God so you ought to just that's
just discipline that's just something
you can actually do to make sure you
don't lose touch and that you're always
available to God when he comes near and
and that you're not drifting away from
Raymond is a tough one
Clavin the wise and beneficent master of
the universe and writer of bills --is
words by the way a lot of these today I
sort of cutting out some of the
compliments a lot of these have
compliments about another Kingdom which
I really appreciate and I'm really
thrilled that people are enjoying I lost
a dear friend to suicide about two
months ago and I am very angry I
understand that this marine I respected
and called companion lost his battle and
was driven to this by circumstance but
every time I think about it I begin to
see well I have a background in
psychology and have read case studies
regarding survivors anger the anger
detailed there is usually directed at
the deceased for taking their life mine
however is directed at my friends Widow
for her role in his end after less than
a year of marriage she cheated on him
and was preparing for divorce and he had
always said he wouldn't let her get away
I know the Christian thing to do is to
forgive his widow but I cannot find it
in my heart to do so I fear that this
will consume me and I will become a poor
representative of all my closely held
beliefs and that my own self-destructive
streak will begin to appear yeah suicide
is awful you know remember that song
from mass suicide is painless and
nothing could ever be further from the
truth and the loose ends at leaves and
the broken hearts and the anger and rage
all of them just very very destructive
and if you need therapy you should see
someone about it but but here's the
thing about the widow he didn't kill
himself because she cheated on him
people that's not the way things work
the guy had suicide in his heart he had
death in his heart and you can be there
for people like that but in the end the
choice is theirs you know this you've
said do you have a background in
psychology you know that the choice is
there she may have heard him she may
have you know made said you know torched
that fire inside him but the suicide is
his act it's his act
the thing about forgiving somebody you
don't have to like her first of all you
don't have to like her she may not be a
worthwhile person you can't blame her
she didn't do it she didn't kill him he
killed himself but the thing about
forgiveness is that it is something that
you do and it doesn't it's not something
that you feel you will feel it
eventually but it's something that you
do so think of it like climbing a hill I
don't know I couldn't quite get from
this whether you were also a marine but
I'm sure you've done tough exercises
you're climbing a hill
your mind is saying I can't do it your
body has given up but your will carries
you up the hill I can tell you I've been
in situations dozen times where I just
my body had given up I wish I could
quote the Kipling line if you can force
your heart and nerve and sinew to serve
their turn long after they are gone and
so go on when there is nothing in you
except the will that says to them go on
right it's the will so you will
forgiveness you will yourself to forgive
even with the anger when the anger
arises you remind yourself that you will
yourself to forgive you do it to God you
say before God I will this forgiveness
and you stick to that even when the
anger comes up when the anger comes up
you realize it's the enemy of your will
and you will yourself to forgiveness you
to forgive you will ultimately this will
work you will ultimately forgive her you
may never like her you may never respect
her you may never think much of her but
you won't let your anger consume you if
you let go and forgive it's tough but
you can do it it is just a question of
having the will and being a tough guy
about it which is just gonna have to do
because like you said you don't want it
to consume you I guess I'm running out
of time let me do one more from Cedric
hey Andrew my girlfriend whom I love
very much recently broke up with me we
have been together since both of us were
19 but she could not stand my jealousy
anymore I was an am an obsessively
jealous man even though she never gave
me even the slightest reason to be how
can I fix this problem for any potential
future relationship thank you so much I
love the show and I'm sure I speak for
everybody when I say appreciate the
charitable work you do by keeping Knolls
off the street and letting him be part
another Kingdom listen I wouldn't be
doing your service if I weren't honest
with the problem obsessive jealousy is a
serious serious problem it's not
something I think you can solve by
yourself I'm very reluctant you know I
always recommend therapy as a sort of
adjunct to anything else you're doing
but this is a case when you're gonna
have to get at the source of this people
who are obsessively jealous obsessively
jealous and you said you had no reason
to be so it was completely fantastic in
this case and you lost somebody you
obviously love something has happened to
them that to make them this way some
something that has damaged what
psychologists called their sense of
attachment it happened to them in youth
and you have to go back and uncover you
may already know what it is you may
already know what it is but you can't
get it the emotional ties and untie them
without help it's something that you
just have to get help to do and that's a
serious problem it's not it's not
something like you know oh I'm gonna do
you can't do it by will necessarily you
can't do it with practice I think you
have to go and see somebody and find out
just find out where that straight with
what you're tied to what made you feel
that way and lots of therapists can help
with that it is it's a condition you
know and you have to get rid of it
alright we're coming to the end
tickety-boo news do we have this it's my
favorite part of the show I just want to
do with like a one show that's all like
just me running by and flags and dresses
and things like here is a story I read
and I sent it to a pal of mine who I was
running a show at the Hallmark Channel
I'm a little obsessed with the Hallmark
Channel a couple of oh it's it's got to
be five to seven years ago I was sitting
up at night channel surfing with a
scotch in my hand and I hit the Hallmark
Channel they were playing their
Christmas thing which is just one show
after another with the exact same plot a
woman who works too hard finds love or a
woman who has some value that finds love
and she never thought she was gonna find
love and her mother is complaining why
isn't she gonna get married and she
finds love and if you find slope for
Christmas and sometimes there's an angel
sometimes there's just some you know
okay for some reason women love stories
why some woman is gonna have to cleanse
my women love stories to take place in
little beach towns so they're always a
lot of these take place in a little
beach towns I beats me I have no idea
but anyway there's so there's a story so
I started watching these things because
it's like watching a woman's daydream
it's like that's what they are their
daydreams and they work like they dreams
and that they don't even have any
tension in them you know stories have
this tremendous tension is the monster
gonna get me sometimes you came and
stand the tension but daydreams aren't
like that daydreams like you you have
the tension you suppose yourself to prop
me solve it right away I mean it's just
it's like a like dopamine release you
know so that's what will happen like the
guy will do something like not show up
at the wrong corner for a date and
she'll think oh we must not love me
anymore
and then she'll find though he's at the
next
corner over like he's ducky stores but
here is the thing in 2016
hallmark saw as 10% increase in total
viewership and a 20% 26% increase among
viewers 18 to 49 during the 2016
election week it ranked number four
among prime-time cable networks even
ranking above MSNBC people are watching
when I first thought it I thought I saw
this I thought is anybody watching this
but people really are and these are all
full of home values old-fashioned values
love is placed above work women are
actually looking for love and not
necessarily looking for you know
big-time success there they're not
anti-feminist but they're sort of absent
feminism in some way and one of the
things about reading the news is watch
women you should always watch when the
facts stop and when the explanations
begin and the explanations are always
like an expert at Columbia you know who
knows nothing nobody knows anything so
they try to explain this oh it's a
terrible time and politics is so
terrible that people are turning to
hallmark like how do they know did they
ask anybody no it's just some expert
this is what he says you know so what
what I see here is that these values
that the left has tried relentlessly to
destroy are still alive in people's day
dreams and the thing that I started out
saying today is that it's not enough to
attack the lies of the left because
ultimately the lies get in your head
anyway
you have to remember what it is you
believe and one of the wonderful ways of
knowing what it is you believe is find
out what you dream about what do you
dream about wanting you know are you a
woman who works because you were told
you should work but what you dream about
is having kids and staying home are you
a woman who wants to have some other job
and you have a guy who wants to be doing
something you're not doing those dreams
tell you what you want and no one no one
has the right to tell you that those
dreams are politically incorrect and
therefore you can't have them and one of
the things that has really gotten me is
the way political correctness has
wrapped itself around people's minds so
that they feel they have to drop their
voice when they speak the truth what
they feel that I I cannot tell you how
many women have said to me but I really
dream about is having a
and come and rescue me but I know I'm
not supposed to dream that and always
thought who told no no where did where
what Sheriff got the badge to tell you
what you should dream and obviously this
is true of men too if you want a certain
kind of woman in your life if you want a
certain kind of life a certain kind of
job job don't let anybody anybody tell
you what you know what you're supposed
to want or why it is and when you read
the news always remember that there is a
point almost always very early on where
the facts end and where the opinions
begin and the facts will tell you more
about your life and what you want and
what the world you are living in then
all these experts put together listen
have a wonderful Thanksgiving remember
that if God had wanted you to drive
drunk he wouldn't have given you Burt oh
no have a wonderful Thanksgiving Friday
it will not be an utterly Clavin loose
Thanksgiving on Friday the next
I think it's Episode seven of another
Kingdom will drop please keep tuning in
please keep subscribing please keep
leaving ratings am i meeting with that
producer I talked about yesterday's set
now for Thursday so I won't be able to
tell you about it next week but I'll
tell you about it the week after
whatever happens as I say don't get I
don't have my hopes up but there it is
it's nice that somebody at least was
interested
let us leave with Yale's Whiffenpoofs of
2013 singing one of my favorite gospel
numbers operator have a great
Thanksgiving I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin show we will see you
on Monday
