was America founded on slavery the
answer is brought to you by our sponsor
us CCA are you confident you could
defend your family against an attacker
or home burglary do you know your rights
regarding home defense if not us CCA has
all the information you need go to Cary
365.com
for their complete concealed carry and
defense guide one of the most uh tered
myths regarding the United States is
that it was founded on slavery this
statement is used to justify everything
from affirmative action the federal
transfer payments to low-income
minorities it's used as a scapegoat for
elevated levels of black crime and for
black educational underperformance it is
also a wild overstatement slavery was of
course a grave moral evil it was also
common at the time of the founding the
United States did indeed tolerate
slavery and the southern states fought
for the continuation of slavery during
the Civil War but virtually all
countries in human history also
supported slavery during that time
including African countries shipping
Africans to the Americas and chains the
first European country to ban import of
slaves to its colonies was Denmark in
1803 Britain only outlawed the Atlantic
slave trade in 1807 the United States
passed legislation banning the new
importation of slaves beginning in 1808
Britain only passed gradual abolition of
slavery in 1833 Denmark abolished
slavery in 1846 France in 1848 Brazil in
1851 the United States in 1862 to
pretend that the United States was
unique with regard to slavery would be
historically ignorant many nations
continue to practice lay very well into
the 20th century
Saudi Arabia only abolished slavery in
1962 from its founding the United States
tried to come to grips with slavery and
phase it out
the state of Vermont was the first
sovereign state to abolish slavery in
1777 during the debate over the
Declaration of Independence Thomas
Jefferson wanted to include a provision
that would have condemned King George
the third for quote waging cruel war
against human nature itself violating
its most sacred rites of life and
liberty in the person's of a distant
people who never offended him
captivating and carrying them into
slavery in another hemisphere or to
incur miserable death in their
transportation hither southern states
demanded this provision be removed in
return for joining the revolutionary
cause having no choice Jefferson removed
it the Constitution of the United States
is frequently seen as enshrining slavery
but the so called 3/5
Klaus was actually an attempt to do the
opposite the whole question of popular
apportionment rested on whether to count
slaves fully for purposes of
representation to do so would have put
the slaveholding south at a significant
advantage they would have counted slaves
in their population not allowed them to
vote and then used their increased
representation in order to reinsure on
slavery the Constitution also allowed
slave importation to continue until 1808
but Congress moved in 1807 to ended
there then of course the United States
fought a great and massive civil war to
free the slaves in which over 600 of
20,000 Americans died nearly half the
total number of Americans to die in all
wars combined the economy of the United
States was not built on slavery in fact
the South's economic power was dismal
compared to that of the north which is
why the North was able to overcome the
south during the Civil War
so no America wasn't founded on slavery
it was founded in spite of slavery and
we fought the bloodiest war in American
history to end it remember to check out
Carrie 365.com for us CCA's complete
concealed-carry and family defense guide
if you liked this video and want to see
more please subscribe to our YouTube
channel
