hmm I feel like now we have to do it but
your voice is higher pitch than me ideas
yeah I've got quite a range so I've got
a I've got a seven octave range really
no oh I'm a very small range wait can I
ask no we're about to get started
all right moron maybe they'll ask about
it on the show hello everyone I'm Alicia
Krause and you are about to watch the
Michael Noel's edition of the
conversation it's Michael Noel's turn to
answer all of your burning questions
whether you're curious about
international diplomacy confused about
the papal papal people pay Paul doctrine
or just wanting a good recipe for your
sausage lasagna he has lots of opinions
on that and ravioli I've heard them in
the daily where office Michaels got you
covered so subscribe now to ask
questions and join this edition of the
conversation on Tuesday December 12th we
will be hosting our fourth episode of
the conversation will be back with Ben
Shapiro and it's hosted by moi
once again Elisha Krauss it's always fun
to you know be back on the air with Ben
after no longer being on the radio with
him I know it's true you were on the
radio with him forever
I actually one time remember telling him
like it's kind of sad but I feel like I
have more time like one-on-one time with
you with conversations than I do my
husband here this one I thought you were
a hero when I first met you oh really
you were on the radio with Ben and to
start your day at some ungodly hour like
6:00 a.m. with just being peppered by
damn like that is a lot that's pretty
hard because I usually sleep in until
about you know noon or 12:30 then I come
in and if I get peppered by Ben I'm
arrested you know you're well-rested 6
a.m. with a cigar in hand after my
morning cigar certainly mercy yeah it
must be known little behind the scenes
here that Michael does roll in
super late and our poor hair and makeup
gal dress who's incredibly talented as
you can see by my cool eyes today she
has like five minutes to throw you
together or you come into this studio
and do your show luckily I always look
very underslept you know not unkempt
everywhere five o'clock shadow but
that's that's the key if you really want
to be productive in life you need at
least 14 hours of sleep a day that's the
secret so we have people watching right
now on Facebook live on the daily wire
website and on YouTube so but if people
want to actually ask us questions which
are coming in right now we're gonna get
rolling to them in the order that they
come in then you have to become a
subscriber so go to the website daily
we're calm and become a subscriber so
you can ask Michael I need awkward
questions I have a question for you
though yeah okay why do you call your
fiancee
sweet little ELISA yes that's her name
but the sweet little it's a little
condescending right kind of I don't know
I'm pretty sure meaning that not only
her parents but God gave her she's a
saint it's going to be you know like
when Pope's become Saints it's like Pope
Saint John Paul the second aha so when
sweet little Lisa becomes a saint which
is inevitable ha she does truly exhibit
saintly valor I don't know if it will be
sweet little Saint ELISA or Saint sweet
little ELISA I don't know we'll have to
see all right we have our first question
okay ready drum roll from Crispin
Edwards he wants to Crispin is that a
girl's name I have a weird it was the
same really say Crispin's day guy or
girl we few we happy few we band of
brothers I don't think it's a girl okay
I'm assuming this Crispin is a girl and
she's asking will you go to prom with
her you know you can dancer that I
listen I as a young actor you know I did
my first play when I was 8 I was not
exactly on the football team I wasn't
exactly in the baseball team so you're
the theater geek yeah for a mountain so
many words I obviously had to take some
dance classes the trouble you know it's
pretty funny that that question came up
right after we were talking about sweet
little Lisa my answer is I have to check
with her I have to check maybe she's not
watching she's not watching then the
answer is yes if she is watching then
absolutely not absolutely not dare you
even ask me well you I'm flattered you
might want to have a chaperone handy
though she can be the chaperone I should
no offense but if Crispin is a liberal
plant then yes sure in these days
normally my answer would of course be
yes I'm
go to prom with anybody but these days
there's no way not to get Roy Warren
Weinstein died throughout my bathroom
are you sure a bathroom to be fair
though Roy Moore and Weinstein there's
very legitimate allegations at this well
yeah that well that's certainly true but
I want to just be safe so I don't want I
don't have bathrobes lying around that's
that's circumstantial evidence Oh David
is asking how many more episodes will
there be of another Kingdom
another case Oh another Kingdom is the
podcast that I'm doing with Andrew
Clavin and but when I say I'm doing a
podcast with Andrew Klavan
I mean he did all the work and wrote the
thing and got it all sorted out and then
I came and recorded it after fourteen
ricochet right it's over already show
you have a show on ricochet dude lady
brain Leibrandt so it's Oh another
Kingdom is this story about a 30-year
old washed-up schlub named Austin Lively
who is he's in Hollywood he can't catch
a break he stumbles into another Kingdom
and finds himself with Eggers and
knights and British accents and a bloody
dagger and a dead damsel at his feet and
a question is which is crazier which is
more fantastical that world or Hollywood
which he comes out of so we launched it
on Friday the 13th
we're on Episode five is out and there's
going to be there are going to be
thirteen episodes total so we'll have
you know another eight episodes you can
start it already thirteen 13 episodes
very yeah and it's yeah I got to tell
you I've been shocked obviously I don't
know why Andrew flavin would cast me in
such a role but we know that you like to
wear dresses and you're pretty good with
the female impersonation that's true and
I will say I thought I would never work
in Hollywood ever again after my blank
book reasons but for Democrats I figure
those I wasn't working a whole lot
before but I assumed I wasn't gonna work
again and we have like six hundred plus
reviews of this podcast now and I
realized the key to having a career in
Hollywood is to go through a
conservative politics if you start and
conservative politics then you can work
in entertainment so it's been a lot of
fun if we get enough of a reaction to it
we'll do another season you know you can
go somewhere it's a 13th episode gonna
be a cliffhanger that leaves it open to
another scene I don't know I mean we
have done this thing since the beginning
the devil has now wanted us to do this
project we
files have randomly been deleted
microphones don't work things have
fallen apart we're almost finished with
it though so if it knock on wood if
everything goes okay we'll we'll have to
see how the story ends and I want to
give anything away so I have another
question for you are you watch guy my
husband collects watches well it's so
it's so funny you ask that Alisha cuz I
like that watch coincidence good good
 this is a great this is a movement
watch MV MT is the official watch of the
Michael Noel's show they they do a lot
of great work at the Daily wire and
movement watches are the thing I love
about them is I used to spend a
gazillion dollars on the watch can be
really expensive a gonna be absurdly
expensive they could to get like one of
those really crazy main brands you're
spending five figures just spending like
10 grand even if you go to a department
store you're looking at four to five
hundred bucks movement watches start at
just ninety five dollars movement
figured out that by selling online they
were able to cut out the middleman and
retail markup providing the best
possible price at such great prices
movement watches make wonderful holiday
gifts too there's a classic design I'll
take it off I want to show this to them
okay classic design quality construction
and styled minimalism and this is the
key here I think this is the reason why
I'm so thrilled that movement is the
official watch of the michael and whole
show is that it is almost completely
blank on its really stylish in these
days they've sold over 1 million watches
over 160 countries but here's the thing
you get 15% off today with free shipping
and free returns by going to movement
comm /co f f/a that's why don't get one
of these watches come on you got it li
if you can make it right now without
going to MVM t.com slash cough fa ce o--
v f e fe i would be shocked if you can
you've got to do it MVM t comm slash co
v fe fe co f fa this watch makes a
really clean design and it is a great
fashion statement it is time to step up
your watch game people should wear
watches I've lost my ear people should
wear watches because it shows that
you've got places to be places to other
things to do without annoyingly checking
your iPhone it's way cooler
check like a Sweetwater yeah that's like
an adult and not just like a child that
was born you know five minutes ago so go
to MVM t.com slash cough fa and help us
out they help people like them we like
people that help keep the lights I
certainly I'm a fan of online shopping
especially with the Christmas season
coming up and I'm hoping that our next
episode of the conversation people ask
been tons of Christmas related questions
like don't you wanna don't you wanna I
know he celebrates Kwanzaa thank ya wit
with Ron King they decorate their
Kwanzaa bush i we love to say what what
Ben is doing tomorrow
cuz he's four guys on a plane right now
that is true we can't he can't even
defend himself is it I know
sad what's a great man sir watching the
TVs tomorrow has been button we'll be
doing some fun stuff on TV the next
question is from Kenneth he says okay
dr. rev love doctor you've given out
some advice on the in the romance
department
what advice do you have on dealing with
bad or unhelpful crushes well I'm a
little confused do you think he means
bad like you have a crush on someone
that you don't you wish you didn't have
a crush on or like some person has a
crush on you and you don't like it
that's a good question I don't know well
you give us both I'll answer I'll answer
both obviously this is a little personal
because Marshall I don't think we're
telling tales out of school my producer
Marshall has had a weird crush on me for
a while now he's made a lot of unwanted
and untoward advances yeah
the way that I deal with that you know
you just got it you got to play it
straight if you have someone who has a
crush on you and you don't and you wish
that they got interested and you're not
interested then don't be a jerk about it
don't make them feel bad or anything be
very straightforward be nice to them
either tell them you're not interested
or you know you're dating somebody or
you're interested in somebody else but
don't don't humiliate them you know
don't I mean that's what I do to
Marshall
but you shouldn't you should be better
than all of that just a girl you have to
let them down a little bit easier yeah
be really I mean it's a it's a
flattering thing for someone to be
interested in you
it's a occasionally a shock anything you
know and so you you should you should be
nice
it's a it's when someone is interested
in you don't what if it's the other way
around
what if you have a crush on someone and
you know that you shouldn't yeah yeah or
it's not going moral quandary isn't it
yeah well go for it like a listen is it
Lord make me chaste but not yet I mean
there's a time and a place for
everything in that place is college so
you know it's certainly fine to play the
field and experiment if you're not
getting the right response though you
got to move on you can't live forever in
your fantasies
people will pine away and they'll say oh
my gosh someday this person will like me
it just might not happen move you got to
live in reality because you can't date
the person in your imagination you can
only date real people that's it's like
it's a trick it's a really harmful
delusion to try to date people in your
fantasies so you got a and then you're
stuck not like getting out there and
having a real life yeah yeah it's true
and then and then you won't find your
own sweet little ELISA relationship
advice do you know yeah you got when you
deal in reality the reality can become
much better than your your fantasies oh
you got to do that put that on a
cross-stitch and sell it I thought that
this next question was from wha but it
is not because you are known as the man
that likes to wear ladies attire on the
print for sort of trends some movies and
videos and stuff that we do so Evan is
asking where do you get your dresses i
have i have worn dresses on a lot of
daily wire productions yes I did I think
the first one was senator Elizabeth
Warren I wore a 12 year olds Pocahontas
dress that I found down the street
recently I wore at my Moana costume for
Halloween because I was told that was
very politically correct as we're
supposed to wear is the Moana costume
and I did also leather round Oh Game of
Thrones that I forget you that's why I
don't you were watching through your
partially you were the nude pregnant
while I was there wasn't really so much
a dress there as too much Chester and a
wig and then I was 11 in the recent
stranger things video that we did I
think the answer on all of them is I go
to the costume Halloween costume store
down the street and because I don't plan
anything in advance for all of these
occasions I've had to get the leftovers
so you spend an outrageous amount of
yeah there's Halloween dresses are
absurdly priced and all the leftovers
are for like 10 year olds so you know
I'm not as spelt as I once was
I'm you know there's a little bit more
cushion these days and so unfortunately
that is that is the answer I just wear
they're all look we're like 10 or 12
year olds and at the Halloween store
down the street a little behind the
scenes my daughter came in on Halloween
and she saw the Moana costume hanging of
an errand make up and she's like mom
there's other kids here like no my child
a very big Italian just Michael hey
unfortunately Harry big kid and we were
having we were matching she has a
costume with oh no she was Goldilocks
anyway
Jeffery is asking what's with the set
design it looks like a mix between a
barn and prison so well as you know
you're coming here to from this hostage
situation yeah we are in the cellar of
the bank Shapiro show I should very net
you know listen if you're in in the
leftovers of the Ben Shapiro show it's
still pretty good digs but yeah they
they do they do lock me in here usually
chain me up except for when the cameras
on and the thing I do like about it
though is it reminds me of New York I'm
from New York I've lived in New York
most of my life I like gritty like
things are always under construction
yeah there's even rats here there are
definitely rats here yeah we just
running around some of them we employ
and here you know when you live in New
York you're living in in misery
basically you're paying all of your
money your repents paying more money
than you have to live in a place my
first bedroom in New York was 7 by 10 it
was 70 square feet
there was one wall was artificial there
were no windows I had to put the bed in
first before we built the wall and I had
one of those rooms yeah it's just it's
just awful and you you know it smells of
garbage every day is garbage day and
lower in New York but it's still the
best reason people pay for my memories
of New York are much more romantic than
yours yeah I guess so I might have lived
on different sides of town uptown girl
downtown man
I think I lived in every single single
neighborhood in Manhattan really yeah
man also hates New York City though I
love it I see well this is a very often
the difference between Ben's take and my
taker take Andrews take its despite all
of that you still love it despite the
constant negative Prescott they like
will say the same exact sentence is like
Trump did this and Trump did that and
everyone's doing this and this is the
reaction isn't it great vinaigrettes
usually my react that's not Ben's
reaction that's not Ben's reaction at
all okay next question
we got a next question hopefully
disappear oh no where'd it go well this
is a good time I think it was about Rory
Moore and I'm sorry I don't remember the
name of the person that was asking it
but do you think that Roy Moore should
step down at this point been said as
much in his show this morning he's a
little perturbed at Jeff Flake of course
sure it's it's hard to it's hard to
imagine that he can win this race I mean
that the Gloria Allred interview was so
devastating that yeah the press
conference yeah
the only thing there's only saving grace
is that Gloria Allred did it and she's
so I know that poor woman yeah everyone
I'm from Oklahoma and she reminds me of
every woman like at my parents church I
know I've met a lot of women who are
similar to like to that on the campaign
trail so there's basically no answer if
he drops out the Republicans lose if he
stays in almost certainly the
Republicans lose they can try to do a
writing campaign that has worked on very
few occasions in American politics he's
done right it just seems like he's done
and it's worth pointing so I guess
jump out stay in whatever it's gonna be
the same it's gonna be the same
conclusion either way one interesting
aspect of this is that everyone said Roy
Moore is the Trump e'er Canada you
certainly seem like the Trump e'er
candidate you know the cultural Warriors
made sure that he didn't allow for
judicial supremacy when it came to that
ten commandments monument at the Alabama
Court House I mean that was years ago
that was years ago that's like what made
his name right and alas Trump supported
the other guy this guy Luther strange
and it's a real failure of the strange
campaign that they didn't dig up this
dirt and force him out of the primary
but but come on you and I both know that
if if the strange campaign had
this dirt during the primary Bannon at
all would have said it's me nose or
whatever yeah but he would have lost the
primary he would have lost
I mean sure Bannon what does maybe stood
by him perhaps but it would have been
good during it's a real failure of the
strange campaign not to have found it so
that's if unless all of these
accusations are fictional and it's very
hard for me to believe that they're
fictional there's a lot of good evidence
that he did these things then it's a
total failure of the of Luther strange
it's really upsetting and we're just in
a basically in a no-win situation I
would be very surprised if more wins
that that race I suppose crazier things
have happened in recent politics but it
seems to me stay out you know jump out
stay in that's probably gonna be the
same conclusion so to ask questions
because we're getting lots of questions
and some people are trying to ask
questions on Facebook or Twitter and
that won't work guys because you'd have
to be a subscriber log into daily wire
comm to watch the live stream and head
over to the conversation page and after
that just start typing into the daily
wired chat box where we will pull your
live questions as they come in and then
I'll be asking them to a Michael and on
Tuesday December 12th we'll be hosting
our fourth episode of the conversation
I'll be talking to Ben Shapiro again and
it's hosted by ma Oh Sean Spicer is here
oh good he has a question though it says
hi Michael what's the appeal of Ayn
Rand's objectivism appealed to so many
conservatives I find it repellent sort
of libertarianism with no soul or
conscience what are your thoughts
libertarianism with no soul or
conscience but you repeat yourself
no I'm kidding that's not true yeah well
everyone was seventeen once I guess is
the answer online Rand and objectivism I
remember this happened to me I remember
I read the virtue of selfishness and I
think The Fountainhead I tried to read
Atlas Shrugged and I yeah I'm on my 15th
year of trying to read Atlas Shrugged I
just can't I can't go through it I mean
it wasn't required reading at Yale or in
New York public schools
yeah well the the nice thing about it is
that when you're a seventeen year old
guy you have a lot of hormones going
through you you feel that you're really
smart even though you don't know
anything at all there's a rebellion
usually against traditional religion at
least where I come from
and so you think yeah I can get into
this this is this is cool this is sexy
there's a virtue and selfishness and
some of it is true
so I'm Rand obviously identified as a
real problem she's reacting to communism
she's reacting to collectivism and
socialism and so she makes a number of
very true points the trouble is that her
first principles are not true and when
you ground to the right in a theism you
can get some pretty ugly results when
you take away the the moral foundations
of it and you deny a basic reality such
as the existence of God or where all of
the values and moral underpinnings of
Western civilization come from then you
deny a basic reality that is that in
heroes in conservatism and in more
coherent conservatism
so it ends up being pretty ugly that's
why Bill Buckley didn't take her
seriously when she you know came out
when he was running National Review and
I say you know enjoy it we were all kids
it's good to to play along in that but
you should move on to more serious
pastures another aspect of Ayn Rand is
that it's very clear it's a very clear
political philosophy you say oh it's
good to be selfish it's not communist
I'm good to be selfish you do you but
shallows are clear shallow things are
clear and you know profound things I
think they're a little murkier and
they're a little more opaque and they
require you to think more and read more
and follow your own ideas to their
logical conclusions good answer
Mandela is asking is there a Republican
you would rather vote for in 2020 over
Donald Trump I think Trump is doing a
good job I suppose that puts me in the
minority of certain sophisticated
Republican and conservative circles but
I think he's doing a pretty good job
we've got a lot of great conservative
policy that has come out of this
administration tremendous judicial
nominees not just Gorsuch but a lot of
appellate judges and a lot who have been
nominated her awaiting confirmation and
so I've been foreign policy he's handled
things very well much better than his
predecessor he's shown a lot of
sophistication there and the direction
of the administration is pretty good
there there was a worried that he would
be Hitler
or something we didn't know who he was
we didn't know where the administration
was going to lead and those fears have
been ass waged it just hasn't happened
so I'm I'm pleased with him that said he
wasn't my choice in the primary I didn't
know what's your choice I don't think I
know that I was a Cruz guy I did I did a
TV commercial for Cruz actually you did
believe it or not you can dig that up
well which is the one with a former porn
star not that one that's written by
Andrew Clavin no not that one I did one
called war room and it's this thing was
released the day that Prince died so we
had all of the headlines and all the TV
stations for 45 minutes and then Prince
died and it fell apart a good analogy
for the Cruz campaign and so yeah Trump
wasn't my first choice I could name a
lot of Republican I love mitch daniels
in 2012 I really hoped he would run
really I thought he was an excellent
he's best governor in America a
conservative down the line
socially fiscally really smart really
sophisticated and he didn't run so I
don't know my preferred candidates don't
always get in there but I've been very
pleasantly surprised with Trump and if
the 20/20 campaign were today I would
certainly support him for reelection
Roger says hello Michael you and Andrew
have great show intros how come
bargaining that is a you know then
speaks at a rate that is about seven
times faster than the rate that I speak
or that drew speaks to he condenses all
of it and I think the reason maybe the
Benz is more boring is he doesn't want
to deal with it you get that get the
intro get out of the way I need to start
talking I'll a minute for the next 45
minutes I don't want that many guests I
don't like that one you know I'm gonna
just inject you with with the facts as I
see the Shapiro I think that's what it
is whereas true and I we relaxed a
little more we kind of we snow the roses
a little bit more maybe so we have these
no they are fun I really love my intro
Drew's intro is the greatest talk show
him true in in maybe the history of
television and I voice one of the
characters by the way really up to you
to figure out which one it is oh maybe
you can ask that on the next
conversation with Michael Knoll Michael
said is hi Michael
where did you
the tabloid style stories about
Alexander Hamilton and other historic
Americans that you shared on the Andrew
Clavin show yesterday I want to read
more of them thank you it is great there
is this feeling
um in politics that Trump has degraded
us because he said you know uncouth
things to Billy Bush on a bus Billy
Billy Bush Sally sold seashells and you
know all of these sex scandals are
always coming out we've seen them in
recent history with Bill Clinton and
Denny Hastert and yada yada yada yeah
Mark Foley and what we need to remember
is that politics isn't new we didn't
invent politics we didn't have sex
believe it or not sex has been around
for a long time too it's the oldest
profession and politics is the second
oldest profession and Ronald Reagan said
it you know politics bears a lot of
similarity to the first which is
prostitution selling yourself selling
you're selling yourself for sex and so
if you just google them you'll find all
of these things but I think there were
even like Wikipedia pages about it there
were a few good books about it the names
escape me at the moment one of the my
favorites Alexander Hamilton initiated
our nation's first sex scandal in 1791
when he cockle did a man by the name I
believe of James Reynolds and little did
he know Reynolds knew about it and
extorted Hamilton for a thousand bucks
it came out six years later in 1797 they
tried to use the the cuckoldry
to tie him to a financial scandal and so
Hamilton copped to the sex in a way to
avoid the the financial scandal had hurt
his career and John Adams said something
I'm misquoting slightly but he said that
bastard brat of a Scottish peddler
his ambition comes I think from a super
abundance of secretions which there were
not enough whores in Philadelphia to
absorb so this sort of rhetoric has been
around for a long time and so I don't
worry lin-manuel Miranda included that
in the play that wasn't in the play and
you know compared I mean it gives a
whole new perspective to not thrown away
my shot it but it doesn't really you
know when you look at the excess
Hollywood tape you think ma'am talk to
John Adams he'll he'll make that
language much more sophisticated
okay well we'll see about that Jimmy
says Aloha Michael Knowles I'm assuming
Jimmy is in Hawaii and if so can we say
Mele Kalikimaka is it too soon that's
the thing to say on a bright Hawaiian
Christmas Day so if the White House
offered you a choice to spend the day
with one of the Trump's who would it be
in why I'm gonna get in trouble with
sweet little Lisa I knew this I'm gonna
say Donald I'm going to say that's the
safe answer Oh was it Melania or Ivanka
well yeah I mean six and one half a
dozen of the other writer be hard do I
have to choose just one Donald Trump is
I I had the opportunity to meet him
through a group that I was in to attend
a lecture at a dinner and I didn't do it
because I didn't take his candidacy
seriously I didn't think he was a
serious candidate I was running for
publicity or for his business or
whatever and I've gotten a lot of
respect for his ability to navigate the
political media in the last couple years
as have we all
I think one guy who understood Trump and
Trump's aesthetics and what he was doing
that when very few people did is Scott
Adams the Dilbert guy Dilbert cartoonist
he's given a lot of interviews he's
written a book about it about Trump's
sort of persuasion about his almost
hypnotism of how you haven't had a meal
with somebody in the last two years
where Trump didn't come up
he just is a cultural mastermind a
cultural maven and so I would like to
observe it I wouldn't want to talk to
him about it I don't know that he's
conscious about it but there's this at
least a visceral aspect to him not to
hyperbole eyes too much but it reminds
me a little bit of what Owen Barfield
writes about in this book poetic diction
Owen Barfield is one of the guys who
brought CS Lewis to Christianity was an
inkling and he talks about how an early
man in pre self-conscious man it
languages poetry and the myths are the
emanation of that poetry and as
languages evolved and consciousness
evolves
the poetry and the criticism diverge so
you have these brilliant critics who can
write about what the poetry is but they
can't produce the poetry you and the
language does that itself and Trump is
all poet baby make America great again
he really I'm only half kidding he is a
real poet
especially at the medium of Twitter he
understands how to manipulate language
to produce images and to produce
visceral reactions and I'd love to see
it in action I'd love to watch it not to
talk about it but to actually watch
shadow them yeah she loved to shadow him
and just see what he is doing that
literally nobody else in politics
figured out in the modern era until him
Jeremiah says dear mr. Michael Knowles
when are you going to finally settle up
and marry sweet little ELISA I you know
it's coming soon this was a really
strange thing I'm getting married in
June and I can't wait we've been doing
wedding planning forever only those
things are complicated and this was
divine we knew that sweet little Lisa
was an angel sent by God but this was a
divine thing we had dated you know we
were highschool sweethearts we split for
college got back together but you knows
this long-standing thing and I finally
proposed in February and two weeks later
a blank sheet of paper blank stack of
paper got me a lot of money and
detention I paid for my wedding and paid
for my future you know your children
yeah little Michael jr. through private
school or something and it was the night
before I proposed I had a cigar at
Drew's house and I we went out it had
been raining in LA which itself is a
miracle he never happens we do very wet
winter last year very wet where and you
know it ended that seven-year drought
but you know Jerry Brown hasn't changed
our water prices in Vienna and Jerry
Falwell Jr at Trump's inauguration said
water's a sign of blessing in the Bible
is used as a science and so I took that
as interesting like a sign rains in LA
yeah and so we went out to the back
cigar patio we don't usually use it
Drew's and he said I'll look at that and
it was the most vivid double rainbow
I've ever seen in my life and so I know
that God won't flood my marriage you
know what just run my marriage in a
flood but it also he did turn to me said
you know this is probably a good sign
pal and it's an evil generation that
looks for signs and wonders but it's a
stupid generation that ignores signs and
wonders and so clearly the the timing
was coincidental and probably
providential and so it'll happen in June
so
and a half after I proposed in June
you'll make her an honest woman yeah
this won't make me an honest man yeah
more that's more like a field battle
I'll try Sean Walker says yo Michael is
Hillary really your cousin I love that I
love that this is true I had I didn't
know this until I was talking to my
grandfather turns out that on my
paternal grandfather's maternal side on
his mother's side that's the GAO family
and somewhere down the gao's they
married a Rodham one of Hillary's first
cousins this is not as distant as you
would think
my aunt attended the GAO family reunion
last year haha
there were rodham's there yeah she
brought a copy of my blank book reasons
to vote for Democrats a comprehensive
guide yeah they would not speak to her
really the Radames would not speak to
the Knowles's at the GAO family reunion
because of videos of me okay I caused a
rift in my family so I've been trying to
know where Adams will be attending the
wedding nuptial well I'll certainly
invite them you know I want I was hoping
the Clinton Foundation would pay for it
they've got a lot of cash running around
there I could sure use the help but I
assume they won't be making it to the
wedding and I haven't figured out
exactly what it but I think it's third
cousin once removed
that's what Hillary is obviously it's
hard to tell her age because she she was
created before the creation you know and
she felt like lightning from heaven so I
don't we can't date it in our chronology
but I think that would make her my third
cousin once removed okay all righty next
question Jeff says Michael since you are
the most articulate human being on the
planet can you please provide the
correct pronunciation for how now brown
cow that is high praise how now brown
cow sit on a potato pay notice sit on a
potato fan you know New York you need
New York you know you need unique New
York you know I actually the other day
Candace Owens and I read bill black on
YouTube she came in here and I hadn't
met her in person I just talked to her
on the show on the Skype and I said hey
how you doing and she said oh my gosh
you actually sound like that and it had
never occurred to me that I have a
strange sounding voice using any noise
but I think it's because I went to a lot
of acting school so I went to the
station
pronunciation yeah you learn diction and
articulation and I guess I do that just
from all the years of schooling but it
makes me sound like you know like a like
like I when I talk to dennis prager
sometimes I've had a cigar with Praeger
you know Prager he is a radio show he's
a walking radio show he's always he's
always amazing conversation house talk
he's happy be happy he's just amazing at
it yeah if I can lean into Dennis that
would be a no like subscribe you know
then that would then that would be a
great achievement
rosemary wants to know what do you want
for christmas all I want for Christmas
is you like that song no I don't know
hey rosemary thank you for the question
I don't I don't know what I sort of feel
like I have everything like I don't have
that much money or stuff but I don't
what do I need I don't need anything I
mean 2018 it's gonna be really exciting
for you it's a big year yeah I wouldn't
think with the wedding registry like
well I don't I don't need all this stuff
right now
I mean money's good I wouldn't mind
money that's always fine because
happiness can't buy money you want
people to subscribe to the daily wire I
what I really want for this is what I
actually want for Christmas obviously
subscribe to the daily wire that way you
get your left is tears tumblr and it
keeps you employed the keep st.
certainly gives me employment is a nice
thing Christmas oh no that Ben is
looking for anything at the bit he has
been salivating for a long time but what
I want for Christmas is for you I want
to pass it forward I want to pay it
forward I want you to give a Christmas
gift to a Democrat that you love that
you know that you love and I want that
Christmas gift to be reasons to vote for
Democrats a comprehensive guide because
there's so much to it you'll bring joy
to them you thought that you thought to
buy them a present
you'll educate them they'll learn so
much at will you can't take away
someone's education that's a gift for a
lifetime
and I think they'll learn a lot I think
it'll be edifying for everybody really
charitable so that that's what I want
for Christmas is I want you to give that
book to everybody and speaking of the
book Jacob wants to know when will you
write a sequel to your book write a
sequel is a difficult phrase depart
right the only part you would be writing
is the title yeah that's right I mean so
tough well I can't I can't write a
sequel I guess I could publish a sequel
because I didn't write a book but I did
publish a book I actually as part of my
deal
with the book I self-published it and I
signed and sold it to threshold editions
of Simon & Schuster and but I do have to
write a book that's part of it which is
kind of funny you would think oh you do
I do have to write one so I'm
considering somebody even know that
you're good at it looks at your first
book to kind of determine going forward
you know brevity is the soul of wit sure
so I used an economy of words in my book
uh-huh and the other thing is people
don't read nobody reads books anymore
you know and so it's okay they'll get it
hopefully it has a nice cover design but
I have there have been a few ideas I've
been kicking around I'm working on a on
a book proposal right now - when I
finalize the proposal let you know what
the book is but it won't necessarily be
a sequel to your first publishing no but
it is variations on a theme so okay I
think the audience of my first
best-selling political tome a book that
president said it yeah you know he said
it's a great book for your reading
enjoyment I think he will enjoy the next
book just as much and I hope you will
too all right so the next edition of the
conversation it's gonna be really fun I
mean this has been our third one we'd
had been and then Andrew and then you
little ol me and then we'll be doing
then again on Tuesday December 12th and
I'll be hosting again it's gonna be the
fourth episode of the conversation with
their very own Ben Shapiro hosted by me
I mean because they can really can't get
anybody else they're like who will
handle them
we'll try Alicia we'll see how long I
last I don't know ask questions as a
subscriber you can log in daily we're
calm to watch the live stream and head
over to the conversation page after that
just start typing into the daily Wired
chat box where we will pull your live
questions as they come in we have our
producers here working really hard at
that and we have our next question
Samuel wants to know what would be your
advice to a high school student who
wants to get into the media business
don't write a book don't write a book as
the way did I found that that has been a
very effective way to get into it what
you should do if you want to get into
media I assume you mean as a contributor
of content as a writer or speaker or
something if you want to get into the
corporate side I have no idea you do
well in school and go work at a bank or
something and you'll have a good resume
to get into that but to do the content
side of it I
thank you you ought to throw spaghetti
at the wall there is no I've had a
pretty strange year my media experience
and a lot of people I know who have
gotten into politics or political media
or whatever have done it in a way that
they didn't quite plan it just happened
in various ways and one way you can do
that is throw spaghetti at the wall you
need to be prepared for an opportunity
to come so since high school I told you
I've been to a lot of acting schools
that's good preparation for media mm-hmm
of any sort and I always was writing so
I write for various publications now I
write for the Daily wire but I wrote for
a lot before that school papers economic
review this that and the other thing and
I was running campaigns so I was working
on political campaigns and that's the
best experience by the way it is you've
worked campaigns before congressional
campaigns really will teach you a lot
about politics your government media the
human condition really teaches you a lot
though so then I formed a little
political shop during college and we
were running campaigns and still do that
that is called red pillar consulting it
still exists I get a kick out of it we
straights a red pillar PIL lar but these
days people use the phrase red pill to
like become a conservative yeah so I
like now that we're the red pillars you
know we're red peeling people but just
do all of that and then when an
opportunity presents itself you can't
decide when an opportunities gonna
present it yeah but when it does you'll
be ready to do it so just get get really
good at it read a lot of books first of
all read a lot of books know what you're
doing there are some people I won't name
names who have fizzled out or blown up
in politics and media and they weren't
ready for it because they didn't really
know what they thought and it you have a
core yeah and you got to know what you
think like it it's got to be a real pity
to get any fame or notoriety before you
know what you think so make sure you
know what you think read a lot of books
especially if it's in political media
read the the classics Aristotle Cicero
you know with the real classics and
classics of literature
and modern political classics like
reflections on the revolution in France
or Michael Oakshott or Russell Kirk or
Buckley or whatever make sure you know
that before you just start spouting
nonsense you you I'll say this from a
lot of experience brevity is the soul of
wit use an economy of words sometimes no
words but make sure that when you're
presenting some information it's adding
value to the people who are watching you
the opinions are a dime a dozen but if
you can give some facts give some
historical context I think people
appreciate that and they'll have you
back Crispin wants to know what are your
thoughts on gathering yourself and
like-minded individuals and shipping off
to your own plot of land free of the
ethnicity diversity as opposed to
expecting the greater majority to go the
free of the ethnicity oh diet diverse
suppose I thought it was diversity as
opposed to expecting the greater
majority to go I don't know exactly what
that question is asking I have awesome
some friends I mean hey if we could be
Richard Branson sound buy an island and
yes like bunker down I thought he was
going Richard Spencer style and asking
at all the people of one ethnicity goes
somewhere i I mean there there is always
conservatives are conspiracy minded
because we don't trust the government
and so we're always waiting for the
government to come and destroy us and
take our freedom so it's always good to
have a way to get out of town get out of
Dodge before it's too late but I I would
not in any version of this question that
I can understand I wouldn't want to
remove myself from society neither is a
conservative nor as a survivalist nor as
Rod Dreher an Orthodox Christian
proposed the Benedict option for
Christians to remove themselves from
society because it's so tawdry and awful
now I don't want to do any of that
I like society I like people I'd much
rather be in the thick of it and have to
talk to crazy lefties and have them yell
at me all day long and then remove
myself and say I isn't this nice
politics is about people you know it's
it's how people interact in society and
civilization and I like people I I don't
mind if that comes with a lot of
annoyances and TDI and whatever
I think conservatives should be in the
world we should be making culture we
should be making politics and not
isolating or other inner selves Connor
asked this is a really good question
Connor who do you think will be the
Democrat nominees for president in 2020
it's got to be Bernie and Bernie's
father right or son I don't know the
party of the youth is I didn't though I
mean he's been out in the news recently
they're also pushing about it's just
amazing how old they are they're all
Biden is making the up-and-comers I mean
I agree with that like Biden and his old
bernie is old Elizabeth Warren is old
yeah but you also have the common law
Harris's and the Cory Booker's I guess I
would be surprised to Cory Booker could
could survive in his party right now
because Cory Booker is much more
reasonable than than his party so I
don't really see the Democrats moving
Center or moving right after Hillary
Clinton I think they're gonna double
down I think they're going to they're
gonna go for they're gonna go full
Mondale or something here they're gonna
push it for a left so Camilla Harris is
the common consensus view right now I
think that's what people are waiting for
but it's so early I don't know that we
could pick it would you have said Donald
Trump in 2012 certainly not I know but I
think for the Democratic side it's
almost more predictable I mean everybody
everybody knew Hillary Clinton 2016 yeah
it's predictable because it's Hillary
but whatever anyone have thought that
Obama would have beaten Hillary in 2008
oh I mean no I worked for Sean Hannity
and we had stopped Hillary expressed
bumper stickers we were selling
absolutely and I I mean I loved some
extras if they're lying around I still
wanna have a mugs don't where you really
want it it's gonna it's got to be
Hillary right it's gonna be the once and
future the future the form of a future
president rather and III just think it's
too early to worry about those things
they're gonna the only prediction I'll
make is they'll nominate someone pretty
pretty far left
I don't think though they're going to
learn their lesson they should learn
their lesson and nominate someone who's
more central but I don't think it'll
happen
rosemary wants to know what is your
whiskey or bourbon of choice I prefer
scotch whiskey it's my favorite kind of
whiskey and after that I like rye
whiskey and family after that do I like
bourbon
I love so of the scotches
I love Lagavulin I like McCallum 12
that's the Andrew Clavin Scotch whenever
I go to his house that's all we drink my
go-to is Johnny black I'm like Johnny
black at with a cigar or something like
that and it's very fashionable now among
people in the Millennial Generation to
drink just the pedia Scotch is
imaginable
so Laphroaig or Obon they just punch you
in the face with Pete you know I like
that too that's that's also pretty good
but that's what I go to for cocktails I
like rye so I'll usually have a rye
Manhattan or a riled fashioned and but
again that's that's only for breakfast
you know when it gets later in the day
I'll go for some a little bit cigar you
know fashion oh yeah but then you move
along too then you move you know Winston
Churchill had a glass of wine in the
morning the Queen has five oh my gosh
also Demi and the Queen need to meet no
one has my drinks champagne dirty
martini
oh yeah and gin and tonics G&T like that
girl okay absolutely so you know I do
like that idea and I would like to
resurrect the martini for men I think
the martini gets a bad rap because of
like the appletini once had a bartender
tell me even a dirty martini is a very
girly drink
it's a that's what they say it's
effeminate I don't know it's an
effeminate way to drink vodka there's a
there's a great club that I go to in New
York that use their house in New York's
hottest club though it is really hot no
it's definitely not hot and they do they
serve their house martini which is just
two martinis it's just a martini with a
little blue cheese olive and then a
second one on the side and in the carafe
that's a pretty manly drink you start
out with two martinis it's a good stiff
drink yeah should last you the rest of
the night the last you'll arrest the
hour Shauna Walker says what's new with
you in general not that much ma'am
what's new with you what's going on with
you come on Sean I don't know that's
well I'm doing the conversation I'm here
with a lesion doing that he's forced to
do this I gotta do this yeah rather not
be sitting here with me
no there isn't too much that's new other
than I was invited to give a speech at a
college I can't say we're gonna be
protests I am praying that they're gonna
I can't wait wait you can't say where it
is we narrow it down to a state it's in
New York
okay still we're still putting the
details together it's
New York so I'm excited for this Shapiro
has so much fun doing these he obviously
you know they had to shut down the City
of Berkeley declare a state of national
emergency la la is a UCLA last night yes
like it looks like a ton of fun I'm
probably have to wear like Kevlar and I
Drive in a tank but it's that seems
great so I'm pretty excited for that if
there were more colleges I'll let you
know and we can you know hopefully
people can come to it to do a college
tour there'd be lots of fun yeah don't
forget guys if you're at trying to ask
questions you have to be a subscriber so
be sure to go to daily wire.com to watch
this live stream head over the
conversation page and after that just
start typing into the daily wired chat
box and that's where our producers here
are gonna be pulling your questions they
are pulling your questions live as they
come in Tommy and I kind of feel sorry
for him we were actually talking about
this in the office yesterday last name
withheld yeah that's right because
Tommy's probably afraid of being outed
it as a michael knowles fan or a daily
wire subscriber
he's asking what are the best movies you
have seen this year you know I kind of
forget which movies were this year in
which movies were last year because
there haven't been a lot of great movies
this year I did go oh this is gonna be
unpopular I did enjoy mother by
Aronofsky really Everett Conservatives
lambasted this thing they said it was an
environmental screed Aronofsky himself
might have intended for it to be an
environmental screed I don't think it
was I think it was a mule Tony an
allegory it was clearly a Christian
allegory and I think that the movie
doesn't really make sense if what's that
girl's name Jennifer Lawrence Jennifer
Lawrence if Jennifer Lawrence is Mother
Earth which is what everyone was
suggesting I think the movie makes sense
that way I think Jennifer Lawrence is
Satan she's a satanic character the
movie is told from her point of view
she might view herself as very good and
lovely but I don't think her character
when viewed objectively he represents
that and so I really enjoyed that my
favorite movie of the last five years
was Hail Caesar that Coen Brothers movie
that came out of the never side it's
like the most conservative Christian
movie of the last really ten years that
nobody saw but you should all go see
that that was really good I finally sold
Logan Logan is tremendous
I hate superhero movies I detest them I
don't I just you know I dare you I know
they're just so good like come on man
are there any movies for adults that are
being made at all but sometimes I
want to go watch like a superhero movie
and not have to be a deep thinker
like I don't want to go see a movie like
a mother and have to be like what is the
meaning of this
I'll go see John wick or something
that's fine but oh yeah ours and you
know I don't know I can't
I liked childhood but I don't I don't
want to see a superhero movies except
for Logan Logan was so tremendously good
and so those were all good movies
Hollywood right now is a little in the
dumps it hasn't been excellent there
those 3040 million dollar movies for
adults don't really exist anymore
everything to see if they can kind of
get themselves out of the ditch - with a
Christmas opening oh yeah there is a
good Italian movie that came out called
La Grande bellezza which I really
enjoyed all the movies I've seen this
year been watching on Netflix I watch
The Searchers by John Ford John Wayne
movie you know I don't know in times in
Hollywood is producing tripe go watch
there plenty of good old movies there's
the classic section there that's right
so we only have a few minutes left guys
so if you haven't logged into daily
wire.com become a subscriber so you can
ask a question then you better get
rolling go over there right now the next
question is from Brent Brandon sorry
between Ben Sasse Ted Cruz or Marco
Rubio who do you think has a better
chance of getting the 2020 GOP
nomination should Trump not seek a
second term would 10 be a smaller number
than 4 if it were colored purple I think
that question has the same sensical
value as this question Brandon Tuesday
because I think I almost thought I was
having a stroke what is Michael talking
about I think he's gonna seek another
term I don't think there's anything
Donald Trump is done in his life that
would make you think he's not gonna seek
another term it is too bad because we
had this great bench of guys Rubio and
Cruz and all of that but Donald Trump
has changed something fundamental in
political media which is that in the old
days I recently watched this press
conference from Paul Ryan talking about
tax reform I like the idea of tax reform
I generally like Paul Ryan but the way
he was speaking was the way that
politicians spoke before Trump which is
you know he told a joke about how the
cellphone bill some of the savings would
be as much as your child cell phone bill
unless they use too much data and then
you chuckle polite
but no one thinks that's funny right
it's not actually funny and then Trump
comes in a trump is actually funny he is
a TV personality and a comedian and the
way he speaks is very direct he doesn't
speak in a pretty way he speaks like a
New Yorker speaks basically and none of
the candidates in 2016 other than Trump
were able to do that even Chris Christie
in his performed New York New Jersey
speaking seemed contrived compared to
Donald Trump who apparently had no
filter do you think chris Christie
secretly hates Donald well you see the
frosted video yeah because he was kind
of that obnoxious East Coast person in
the GOP lineup and then Donald just came
in and plowed him over absolutely
because it was pretty didn't have the
ethos like in in a very basic way
political rhetoric has to have the logos
the pathos and the ethos right it's got
to have the the feeling part and it's
got to have the credibility board the
spirited part and it's got to have the
logical arguments and some might suggest
that President Trump lacked on the
ladder though I'm not sure that that's
true but he clearly made up for it on
those former to an ethos and the pathos
and you just didn't see that from the
other candidates including chris
Christie
even his brashness often came off as
disingenuous Evan Stanley wants to know
why this cultural appropriation only
applied to non-western cultures that's a
great question because it doesn't make
any sense whatsoever
there it's this double double-edged
sword either you are you know if you
serve Mexican food you say well you're
appropriating Mexican culture how dare a
white chef serve Mexican food and if you
don't serve Mexican food you're you're a
chauvinist you're a Western chauvinist
who refuses to indulge and experience
other people's cultures so it's just a
cudgel that they smack us with and hit
us over the head with but there is
nothing there there's nothing wrong with
cultural appropriation it's a it's a key
aspect a central aspect of the West to
enjoy other people's culture as I like
to go over and eat Indian food
I've traveled somewhat extensively and I
always enjoy that and you don't need to
do it like the lefties do and they go
over and they say
oh wow these people who are living in
utter poverty somewhere they really have
it right people who haven't you know
invented major cities and industries who
are living alone in nature or something
they have the right idea and they don't
even need air conditioners they don't
even need modern medicine that helps
them live longer they don't they don't
need their they can just die outright
they it's so natural and I don't need to
do that you say oh it's very nice I like
this aspect of the culture I like this
food I like this music but I also
appreciate that it is only my culture
which gives me the ability to travel and
be a tourist and understand these things
in light of this of the greatest culture
and civilization in the history of the
world I could really do without that air
conditioning right now though it's a
great thing it is freezing in here
Bob Drew's asks what is your opinion on
a district just I think it just to
distribute to this but distribute us
okay that's what I thought
political economic system is it
self-defeating or is it possible so
distributism is the the economic modern
political model that was embraced by
some Catholic conservative types like GK
Chesterton famously wrote about
distributism there's a lot to be said
for it because they say well unbridled
capitalism the UH the Gilded Age sort of
capitalism leads to massive inequalities
and that isn't good or there's nothing
terribly Christian about all of that I
don't I don't think that's where the
conversation needs to be right now I
don't think we need to worry about
distributism or mass disparities of
wealth at the attack right now is on
capitalism we from the right do not mean
to attack capitalism and I don't think
there's any worry about excessive
capitalism excessive freedom at the
moment if there ever was so I wouldn't
worry about it's interesting to read
it's it's quite interesting to read
because you're you're reading economics
through a moral lens distinctly the
often Catholic lens the critiques that
we hear not quite from Pope Francis but
from Pope Benedict the sixteenth or Pope
John Paul the second critiques of
capitalism that are not leftist
critiques there there there through a
particular social and Christian lens
wonderful to consider
that politics exists in time and space
economics exists in time and space and
where we are right now in the United
States I don't think we need to be
attacking it from the right we need more
of it not less need more freedom baby
more capitalism drew Fagan is asking is
there a way to debate with nonsensical
leftists who will hound you for having
different beliefs or should we not even
bother yeah I love it I don't know why
people they get angry no mostly people
on the left are the ones who unfriend
you on Facebook that yesterday Shawn
king blocked me he asked me a question I
politely responded with his own words
and he blocked me immediately and so the
left does that occasionally people on
the right will do that as well there's
no you don't need to do that there's no
reason to do that but not as often yeah
very you just don't like I enjoy it when
lefties entertain me by getting very
worked up and screaming profanities and
saying you're a distant at that is and
they don't have any justification for
saying that but it is very entertaining
I think we ought to be to borrow a
phrase from Jeb Bush a happy warrior
we shouldn't be a low-energy warrior we
should be high but we should go I think
we should have fun if you're in politics
and you're not having a good time if
you're in the world and you're not
enjoying it you might not be happy you
might be bad things happen grief happens
but if you're not finding joy you're
doing something wrong man so yeah engage
with them and don't find it a tedious
task don't look on it as you're this
awful bird it the yoke is easy and the
burden is light enjoy it you'll have a
fun time and you might do some good and
convince people of true ideas and make
the country better final question I
think we have coming up in just a second
sorry thanks guys wait for a second is
it possible the Republicans are playing
for tea chests by sabotaging the safe
Alabama Senate seat to help the
Democrats take over the Senate so the
Dems can impeach Trump whoa that's some
real and and I bet they're doing it from
the same Culver City soundstage where we
filmed the moon landing no I don't know
I guess it's possible I don't put
anything past those guys clearly Mitch
McConnell doesn't have any favor for Roy
Moore or Steve do you think that bitch
is really back I mean I think Mitch is a
shark I think Mitch McConnell was a
total shark but I just like Occam's
razor on this I
I think it would be it's it's very nice
for those who would like to support the
banham tactical view of the world the
ban and view of tactics or the Roy Moore
view of things and say well it's just
the establishment thwarting us again I
don't really see that clearly there were
forces out to get him but I think if the
establishment had this information
during the primary they would have taken
him out then I think they're getting the
Senate seat
it would be a better win for Mitch
McConnell them intentionally flubbing it
I just I take Occam's razor this has
been fun this has been fun a lot of fun
I think we have time for one final one
though okay okay you ready Tommy asks
did you grow up conservative or did you
become conservative over time either way
what first inspired you to action my
mother did call me a young Republican
I've had this haircut since I was six
one of the first sentences that I've
ever said I know certainly that and the
Sperrys yeah you know in the low first
moment one of the first sentences I ever
uttered I was taught by my grandfather
at the kitchen table at the age of two
it was read my lips no new taxes true
story
first songs I was ever taught as a kid
was it's a grand old flag by George M
cohan
yeah and I would parade around my
grandparents doing it I loved I always
I've always loved the American flag no I
just remembered this the other day when
beanie babies were a thing my favorite
one was Liberty and it was this it had
an American flag on it yeah totally cool
and it's not like in my first grade
classroom I campaigned for Bob Dole in
96 I love the Bob Dole was a war hero
and Bill Clinton was a dirty rotten
lecherous coward and he knew that at
seven I did I walk in those days you
know it's six or seven years old all
that was on TV was the Clinton coverage
yeah so I grew up real quick I did go
through a liberal phase I did go through
a liberalism eighth grade ninth grade I
it was just so nice cause you wanna try
pot and believe it or not I waited I
waited on that whole thing I didn't
inhale but the I went through that
phrase because it's impossible not to if
you grow up in New York if you want to
be fashionable and social and you're
being taught a curriculum that has been
approved by the New York State Board of
Education you
it's very difficult not to become
left-wing and it's only when you
reconsider your views that you move more
right-wing you know I was I kind of came
out of that I was basically an atheist
and it was Yale that made me much more
conservative because it makes most
people that go there more left or you
gonna have a reaction against it and I
noticed that the smartest people in you
there were a lot of smart people at Yale
who were on the left but the smartest
people were conservative and I knew a
lot of smart people at Yale who were
atheists but the smartest people were
Christian and not just Christian but
orthotist Orthodox or Catholic Christian
and that made me pause and that made me
think and that's inspired a lot of
reading and that's what drew you to
action then you think Tamayo well what
do I don't know I've always enjoyed
action I was always was an act tour you
know and and it's always liked that more
than the ivory tower or something but
what I really liked about being a place
my whole busy my whole life that is
left-wing mm-hmm is it makes you really
know what you think I feel pity for
people on the Left who go to place like
Yale or New York or California where you
don't have your views challenged so when
so someone like Shapiro comes to your
college and slices through you like
butter and that's true of all of the
conservative speakers who go charles
Murray and Coulter anthem Clavin and I
think it's really helpful actually if
you want as a young person if you want
to become a big conservative and
understand your views to go to a place
with a lot of lefties and debate them
and you'll it will be very edifying for
you well thank you so much for your time
today
wasn't too bad was it I loved it all
right and don't forget to be sure to
tune in on Tuesday December 12th we will
be doing another episode the fourth
episode of the conversation and next
time it will be with our very own Ben
Shapiro hosted by me Alicia Krause thank
you so much for tuning in to this
Michael Knolls edition of the
conversation and we'll see you next time
you
