so it's these guns and healthcare all
the things they want this was a
referendum on and it's really it really
is amazing that 34 percent of the people
who came out in exit polls which are
notoriously unreliable that came out and
said they came out to vote against
Donald Trump well Virginia hates Donald
Trump and one of the reasons they hate
Donald Trump is they are the swamp
that's where Northern Virginia all the
people who work in Washington work and
so they really are just absolutely livid
at him and any Democrat who comes out he
said were you sending a message to
Donald Trump is say the same thing
so that 34 percent number means
absolutely nothing people are voting
you're voting for governor you're voting
for your state that is why people are
voting but it doesn't mean something
okay one other clip I've got to play
from George suckle up against the guy
this Clinton needs to hack who has been
somehow theoretically transformed into a
journalist and he's in Good Morning
America and his version his
interpretation of what this election
meant and he's there with Matthew Dowd
another you know another Democrat
liberal commentator and Megan McCain
who's kind of I I don't know where it
exactly to put her she's kind of in the
middle but this is absurd I just want to
play this just so you see the height of
the absurdity of the commentary it cut
to go to one in Virginia three to one in
New Jersey they wanted to send a message
to trunk yeah they sent a message to
Trump big time but I think the big
takeaway that I had from it is the level
of diversity and inclusion that happened
on election night if you not only a
first transgender person elected you
know in to office in Virginia the first
Sikh elected to office in a major city
the first gay mayor of Seattle the first
african-american woman elected her or
linea of Charlotte the first woman mayor
of Manchester I mean it was a night of
total diversity and I think that not
only a rejection of Trump it was
basically a rejection of what he stood
for that's that's appalling
that is appalling because you know you
know how Donald Trump is plotting
against the Sikhs I mean this is the big
this is the big part of the Trump
administration I remember when he said
build a wall to keep out the Sikhs this
narrative that they've got the Trump is
somehow a bigot that he's against
diversity of you know kinds of people
that he's you know divisive when he is
divisive but he can
only as divisive as they are and this
idea that by electing all these
different people they were sending a
message to Donald Trump that no no no
Donald Trump we're not mean like you
were welcoming you're mean but we're
well you know it's a it's just absurd
and this is how the the leftist media
makes us stupid because it poses in
order to get asked to keep to keep since
the Democrats are now a coalition of
rich white people and minorities right
everybody in between is a Republican so
they're rich white people in minority
and since the minorities are just being
destroyed by their policies I mean
there's this the cities are terrible and
so if they've got to keep them in there
and so they've got to pose every issue
as if it's hurting minorities always
instead of saying oh you know how do we
feel about the border do we want to
enforce the rule of law and enforce our
borders and keep people safe or do we
want to be welcoming and Christian and
open you know there's a debate you can
have a debate that's fine but instead of
that it's oh yeah you don't like
Mexicans or you have an open border and
you know the same thing with gay
marriage everything everything is
basically if you're not there it's not
their way it's about hatred right if you
want to keep the nation safe because
Islamic immigration might be a problem
because maybe there's something about
Islam that doesn't work in the West
maybe that too many Islamic people in
the West is dangerous for the West as we
see in many parts of Europe and
Scandinavia so you could have that
debate it's dangerous or it's not
dangerous it's dangerous but freedom of
religion Trump's the date or whatever
debate you want to have but they won't
have that debate they always pose
everything is stupidity
so in this stupid way to make you stupid
so what they argue is it's either let
everybody in or you hate Islamic people
and you're you know a bigot so that's
the way they're selling this anytime
anytime Democrats win it's a triumph or
diversity which of course is nonsense
since they don't believe in diversity of
thought
