so yesterday in New York City people
gathered to scream at the sky okay I
know these are probably the same people
who say thoughts and prayers are useless
right same people who say stop you
shouldn't say thoughts and prayers when
something bad happens now they're
gathering to scream at a sky where there
is no God presumably and and I could not
help but laugh hysterically at this
l-ladies trying out for the met opera
but I I do I do love it you're gonna get
together and scream at sky yeah that's
that's gonna win that's gonna that's
gonna make you guys win now it is true
that the anger of the left is gonna
drive down to the polls more often I
mean that's sort of what you saw in
Virginia but if they think that this is
an attractive feature then they're going
to win election because they scream at
the sky then I think not
