you know sometimes on this show we fall
into the habit of condemning all
leftists as godless buffoons who hate
America and everything it stands for and
were sort of preening themselves on
being having this kind of elite status
that they in no way deserve we'll also
have christina hoff sommers ear to talk
about war against manhood and Harvey
Weinstein and all sorts of things
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
see Topsy is a bit easing its
all right it is mailbag Eve the mailbag
you want to get your questions in if
you're a subscriber if you're paying
your lousy ten bucks a month or if
you've paid a hundred bucks for a whole
year and you're sitting there sipping
your leftist tears tumbler which you get
with a year's subscription you can ask
questions the way you do it is you go on
let's let me get this right because I'm
always afraid I'm gonna you press the
podcast button and then Andrew Clavin
show and then there is a mailbag button
you can ask anything you want personal
questions religious questions we really
get some great questions and yes so so
go deep go deep because because the
answers are guaranteed 100% correct and
will change your life on occasion for
the better but you have to subscribe so
that's the mailbag coming up I also just
want to I have to say this you know
we've been touting I've been plugging
this thing another Kingdom this fantasy
suspense story that I've done with
Michael Knowles Knowles I wrote at
Knowles was performing it and it's been
just getting these great reviews is
getting great numbers it's really doing
well my hope you'll go on iTunes and
subscribe and rate it it up helps us but
it finally got a not I mean it's getting
ecstatic reviews and it's finally got a
not ecstatic review the guy loved the
story loved the story but he hated
Knowles he says he says I do not know
what Knowles has on Clavin or the daily
wire that they keep involving him in
projects there has to be something in
the closet to continue to push this
no-talent act into every aspect of the
daily wire sphere and I just wanted to
address that you remember yesterday I
was talking about the fact that Knowles
inexplicably is engaged this absolutely
terrific woman ELISA and they were
trying to get her free basically
convince him to let her go without you
know anybody getting hurt and so you
have to subscribe to you know the to
another Kingdom and then eventually we
give them enough love we may be able to
coax them out of the house and ELISA can
then run out the back door and that's I
said now everything is explained yeah
exactly
exactly now if there is one thing that I
know about look at me you just have to
look at me you know there's what you can
guess what I know about it is shaving
because I do a lot of shaving
they have a lot of real estate that has
to be shaved and even before I came here
to work at the Daily wire even before
they became my sponsor I was a member of
the daily Dollar Shave Club
dollarshaveclub.com and the reason is
they instead of going to the store first
of all instead of going to the store and
getting a disposable razor which you
know you just have to wait till it runs
out in the way you find that it runs out
of blood as Street like I know they lock
them away
I guess people must shoplift them
because they lock them away so you just
get you just sign on for the kind of
razor you want they sent it to you and
they have all kinds of other products
that really make saving kind of fun I
use their butter they have this clear
butter so you can actually see what
you're doing I started out with a what
they call the humble twin just two
blades now I'm using their super duper
razor which is a p-- it is an incredible
I'm a shaved with it about two hours ago
it is still shit there's so many blades
on it is still passing over my head keep
keeping me great shave it's just so much
easier plus it's the holidays coming so
it's a great time to give the Dollar
Shave Club a try and you can get your
first month of their best razor along
with travel sized versions of shave
butter body cleanser and yes even bud
wipes have not tried these that's five
dollars five dollars they send your kit
it's very cool these things you get and
after that replacement cartridges ship
for just a few bucks a month
it's the DSC starter set and you can get
yours for just five dollars exclusively
at dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin
dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin and for
just five bucks they will send you their
starter kit and then it just it's so
easy to do after this you don't have to
take any trips to the store and they
have all kinds of products and it just
shows up and you can press it if you
don't want it for one month you can just
press a button to skip the month it's
really easy all right
I want to talk about God I'm gonna talk
about God well that's what we've been
hearing God so you know I don't actually
like the way God is presented I
especially hate the way that God is
presented in the arts and stories you
know Christian art used to be the
greatest art on earth and now it's kind
anodyne is sort of smiley-faced
everything is going to be good because
Jesus is here and then when we die we
float up to heaven on these golden wings
and you wonder why people don't believe
this stuff you know and it's like it's
it really is interesting and I'm not you
know when I was when I was going through
the the struggle to convert I talked
about this in the great good thing my
memoir about how I went from being an
agnostic really an atheist Jew to being
a believing Christian and it was a
struggle you know as I was struggling
one of the things I was afraid of is
that I'm a very hard-boiled novelist the
stuff I write the stories I write have a
very hard edge to them and I'm saying
please Lord whatever happens don't turn
me into a Christian novelist because I
didn't want to end up writing these
stories like you know God is not dead
and the prayer or the war room and all
these stories that make a gazillion
dollars and I have nothing against them
they represent faith in the same way
that romantic comedies represent love
that is they represent a fantasy of
faith and there's nothing wrong with
going to the movies to catch up on your
fantasies and all this stuff but there
really is a problem in describing the
world in Christian terms because what
you're talking about is something
invisible which is faith and yeah I
don't even like CS Lewis Lewis is one of
my favorite writers I love his
philosophy and his Christian writing but
I'm not a big fan of the Lion the Witch
and the Wardrobe stories the Narnia
stories and the reason I'm not is
because they start out with great
premises great fairytale premises and
then Aslan the lion who represents
Christ shows up and everything is soft
and that's kind of the problem
with Christian writing as Jesus solves
everything and in our life of course we
have faith that everything has a broader
framework in which we live and that will
in fact bring turn everything to the
good but in our life there's a lot of
grief and pain and one of the things I'm
struggling with now as a writer this
happens to Wordsworth Wordsworth became
a Christian and ever wrote a good poem
again and people say well he you know he
kind of lost it but no he solved the
problems he was writing about and I'm
struggling with this in my own writing I
think I've actually found a way forward
and another kingdom is the one of my
first products and this thing is how do
I write about the suffering of the world
from a position of faith and how do I
write stuff it's not smiley happy talk
stuff some of the people who listen to
another kingdom are complaining because
there's some language in it I actually
wrote the first draft the
our first draft without any cursing in
it and I just thought this is not the
world I'm not doing my job as an artist
there's a guy as a guy who got appointed
to be an artist I'm not doing my job of
representing the world as we went
through it and actually put the cursing
back in just where it would be not
there's not a million curse words it's
just where the guy would curse he curses
so I do not like this this idea of
Christianity as being a kind of panacea
and that's what the left is reacting to
so after the tragedy in Texas people
offered thoughts and prayers and you
know the the left just comes out it's
ugly they come out makes hate on you for
this thoughts and prayers things some of
this stuff was really when Paul Ryan had
this tweet this actor Wil Wheaton just
called him a filthy name because he was
having the prayers and Wheaton to his
credit apologized he said he was
speaking in anger you know I I get that
you know I was angry too I understand so
he made a mistake but still a lot of
this stuff came out and you know if
you're wondering well let's take it we
have a montage of the news selling this
meme of like let's not go to the
thoughts and prayers stuff they were
already praying thoughts and prayers did
not stop an oversight from the justice
system which enabled a guy who attacked
his stepson and assaulted his wife from
getting a gun thoughts and prayers
didn't stop a trouble person from buying
assault grade weapons that took the
lives of 26 people in an instant we see
a pattern in elected officials saying we
need to send our thoughts and prayers to
the families to the victims but then not
proposing any action and this morning
congresswoman privilege aya Paul of
Seattle responded they were praying when
it happened they don't need our prayers
they need us to address the gun violence
crisis and pass sensible regulation
thoughts and prayers are not enough
moments of silence are not enough maybe
mr. speaker instead of a moment of
silence the American people could get a
moment of action now is the time for
action we are past the point of
platitudes and prayers and prayers and
the people of Texas your thoughts and
your prayers but first send them money
how about that yeah send the money
but right now these thoughts and prayers
and sympathies have become a mask for an
action our thoughts and prayers are not
even close to enough now a lot of people
wonder where this came from because it's
like a talking point they're all doing
it I believe it came from a comedy
routine by Anthony Jeselnik that was put
out on Netflix I think in 2015 and
Jeselnik does this routine he's I really
like him he's a really funny comedian
and his routine is I'm a bad guy I'm the
guy who says all the terrible things
I have no heart I'm creepy you know all
this stuff and he does this routine
that's that's his his persona as he does
this thing and he did he did this
routine and I think this is where this
all started
people will say Anthony what's funny
about Aurora what's funny about the
Boston Marathon what's funny about your
grandmother's funeral
nothing nothing is funny about those
things that's where I come in
so I see these texts and I'm like I'll
know what happened but I also think I've
got a job to do
this is who I'm making fun of when I
make a joke on Twitter the day of a
tragedy the people who see something
horrible happen in the world and they
run to the Internet
and they run to their social media
Facebook to Twitter whatever they got
and they all write down the exact same
thing my thoughts and prayers my
thoughts and prayers with the people in
Aurora my thoughts and prayers with the
families in Boston do you know what
that's worth nothing so said the whole
routine though show is called thoughts
and prayers and I believe that this is
where it started cuz I didn't hear this
before so think about that for a minute
this is the left basically looking at
this guy playing a dirt bag that's his
persona and saying yeah that's what we
want to be like we want to be like this
guy you know and they're doing it
seriously but I wouldn't pick on them
for it if it weren't inherent in their
philosophy remember back in the 2012
convention when they tried to put they
had taken purposely taken God out of the
platform they had taken any mention of
God out of the platform and the mayor of
Los Angeles got up and he took a voice
vote can we put God back in and they
started booing him because he said well
the eyes have it the third time he tried
it he said the eyes haven't and it was
clear he was wrong the people in the
crowd were right he you couldn't tell
that the eyes had won the day but the
people who were so they were yelling at
him because he put God back in it
basically against the will of the
Democratic Party they booed they denied
God thrice it seems to me that has
happened once before but I can't really
ask sounds familiar but yeah so so you
know this whole idea what didn't save
them it didn't save them and of course
Christians don't think that it's going
to save you the Christians don't think
that we can pray and get only good
things in the world we know that they're
suffering in the world why do we know
this because God has made us free he has
freed us for freedom and we know that in
a world of freedom bad things must be
allow see this is the whole difference
between Christianity in which we
understand that there's evil in the
world and it's gonna have it say at
times and the left which thinks it can
basically construct a government big
enough to snuff evil out but
let's just take this from another point
of view for just a moment because
there's a big narrative fail you know
the guy who stopped this killer and I
don't I haven't even bothered to learn
the killer's name because I don't even
care what his name is God knows his name
that's gonna be enough trouble without
me knowing and without me spreading
around but the guy who shot this bad guy
first of all it was the government that
screwed up right this guy had been
convicted of beating up his his wife and
his child terribly beating up this
toddler and he had been cashiered out of
the Army the Air Force and the Air Force
forgot somehow neglected to put that
into the records so that he couldn't get
a gun because if it had been in the
records it would have shown up on his
security check and they wouldn't have
given him the gun so the government
basically made a mistake because the
government is not very competent it's
never very competent and so that's
that's the first thing so more laws are
not gonna help if the government can't
do its job anyway the laws were in place
they're also attacking the NRA but the
guy who shot the bad guy Stephen Wilford
the plumber who lived right around the
corner from the church he was an NRA
instructor and of course a gun owner and
he Steve Crowder did a great our pal
Steve got her did a great interview with
him yesterday and he talked about where
his power came from as he confronted
this guy and by the way you will notice
he's got a kind of white Santa Claus
beard on and the reason he's got this
he's grown as a real beard is and the
reason he's got that beard on is because
every year he and the guys from this
Baptist Church that was assaulted they
get on their motorcycles and they
deliver gifts to kids who don't have
anything and so he grows a big white
beard so it'll look a little bit more
like Santa Claus so that's who this guy
is so here is his description to Crowder
of his confrontation with this guy
that's cut number one my daughter said
that he had an ar-15 but when I saw him
he had a handgun okay and he had a
tactical helmet on like like a SWAT team
would use without with a black visor and
he had Kevlar vest and you could tell it
was a bullet for the best
he had that and and you know I'm a
Christian sure and I believe I believe
at that point and maybe this sounds a
little off just some of your visit there
viewers that aren't Christians I believe
the Holy Spirit was on me because I had
the presence of mind to look at what was
going on and as we exchanged fire I
noticed that the side was one of those
tactical vests that velcro's across
meaning he has Kevlar in the front
Kevlar in the back nothing in the side
so he saw the opening in the Kevlar and
he shot and he says the Holy Spirit was
on him that's what we're praying for
that's what people are praying for
they're praying that as we go through
this incredible torment of life this
this Wildstorm of life with the waves
arising the dark is falling over us we
know what the world is like because
Christ told us what the world was like
we're praying that the Holy Spirit is
gonna be with us and show us where which
way which direction were going in you
know Molly Hemingway said this best she
said when we're talking about guns since
we know everything narrative just
collapses right
the NRA guy is the hero that God guy is
the hero that God is the hero God who
lifts this guy up and lets him do what
he needed to do all of these left-wing
narratives fail so we're obviously not
actually seriously debating whether what
they say is any good or not what Molly
Hemingway said was that we're really
debating whether government can be big
enough to suppress evil and of course
the answer as every Christian knows is
no because evil this is a world of evil
you know so you know their choice the
choice is not is not between God and
freedom like if you're if you're
believing God you're not gonna be free
the choice is between whether God is God
or government as God that's really the
choice that we're trying to make here so
here at the Daily wire it's really
interesting we have so many different
kinds of Christian worshipers and of
course we have been it was a Jewish
worship and we've got Knowles who's a
Catholic and he's always giving Jeremy
boring who is the god king of the daily
wire who has a different point of view
so it's giving them a hard time
they drive each other crazy and and
you're in a good way and Jeremy is
what's called an anti no Mian which I
think it means
Jeremy believes in God but he doesn't
believe in gnomes
I think that's what Noah's is from a
Greek word meaning law he believes that
Jesus has replaced the Old Testament law
and so that now we are only saved by
faith in Christ alone and then there are
people involved with the daily why are
some of our funders who believe the
exact opposite who believe that Jesus
grafts us on to the branch of to the
tree of Judaism so that we still have to
obey the laws as they're outlined in the
Old Testament and so we have all kinds
of different people and I'm kind of like
this little there's a little guy on the
side because I come because I took me 50
years of agnosticism to come to Christ
because I would start out from a totally
different place without the language and
the traditions and all this stuff I
don't care I don't care whether the
transubstantiation people have burned
each other over the question of whether
bread and wine actually becomes the
substance of Christ changes its
substance to become the body and blood
of Christ or whether it's just symbolic
I'm an artist so those two things are
exactly the same to me that when it's
something becomes a living symbol that
is its substance changing if you're an
artist of that's that's what that means
to me
and and of course it doesn't matter to
me whether you follow the Catholic
Church I believe in what's called the
Nicene Creed which is the statement
basically that comes out of the Catholic
Church what we believe and the Father
the Son the Holy Spirit we believe that
Jesus was killed for us and we've
resurrected and we'll come back to judge
the living and the dead and all these
things I can say that that Creed without
any kind of problem whatsoever but I
don't I'm not going to fight over the
traditions of any one Church because
what I believe in is the events that
started this I don't even take the Bible
as you know the Bible some people
worship the Bible as the words
themselves I don't think of it that way
at all I believe that the Bible is a
report of something that actually
happened a cosmological
supernatural event that changes
everything the birth-death preaching and
resurrection of Jesus Christ I'm going
to talk about that in a minute but we
got a we're gonna have to break so first
let me talk about Tracker that's what I
should talk
I was a little bit off there in the
heavens I had to come back to earth for
just a minute so we can keep the lights
on hope you guys will visit our sponsors
because they do keep our lights on this
is tracker tra CK are there's no e in
tracker but tracker is this it's amazing
I am like totally absent-minded I forget
I lose everything if there is a zombie
apocalypse I'm gonna be the guy who's
going like I have to get my you know my
buzzsaw oh I forgot wait where where did
I put like I'd be a zombie in 10 minutes
you know like I would never be able to
find but with tracker it's the size of a
dime maybe between a diamond and nickel
it's this little device you put it on
your stuff and it will locate your stuff
so you get an app on your phone and you
press the app and it will turn on the
tracker so that it makes a noise you say
where are my keys press the button you
find the keys where's my glasses press
the button you find your glasses and if
you lose your phone you press the
tracker and the phone starts making a
noise so you can find your phone it
really is for people like me it is
absolutely great I've used it any number
of time I've used it an embarrassing
number of times both to find my phone
and also to find my keys which kept
falling out of my pocket they fall out
of my pocket because I pull out my phone
and the keys fall out and also yeah so
I'm just using it all the time if you go
now to the tracker dot-com slash clayvin
you will get 20% off any order
that's the tracker tra CK are.com slash
Clavin you get 20% off any order the
tracker dot-com slash Clavin for 20% off
the tracker comp slash Clavin and if you
lose that money that you saved you can
find it with your tracker all right we
got to say goodbye to YouTube and
Facebook but you want to subscribe not
just because the mailbag is tomorrow
though that is a really good reason to
subscribe if you also want to subscribe
because the conversation is coming up
and this time the conversation is with
Michael Knowles and you can ask him what
does he have on us he'll see if he'll
confess to what he has on us that makes
us give him all these great jobs like
the Michael Knoll show and another guy I
mean we just keep giving him job he's
got to be something this I inexplicable
this is on Tuesday November 14th at 5
p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific
it's Michael Noel's answering all your
question
it streams live on the daily wire
website Facebook page and YouTube
channel and it'll be free everyone can
watch this but only subscribers can ask
the questions
so subscribe today to ask Michael
questions and watch him stare into space
as he tries to come up with some kind of
answer
join the conversation it's just a lousy
10 bucks a month or a hundred bucks for
the whole year plus you get leftist ears
which fills up this fills up every time
Knowles speaks alright come on over to
the daily Y comm you can listen to the
rest of the show so you know I when I
say these things about the the Bible
just being a report I believe it's an
inspired report I believe it's the book
that God means us to have and I believe
the church is churches can be these
repositories of wisdom that's why
talking to Catholics by the way is
always so interesting because they have
these thousands of years of collected
wisdom and I don't treat any of that
stuff lightly but I do believe that
ultimately my conscience the Holy Spirit
working in me is how I make my decisions
so if even people that I just love like
the last Pope Benedict or CS Lewis when
they say something this doesn't quite
hold together for me I take it very
seriously but I don't always agree so
what is this cosmological event mean
let's just talk about this just for a
minute it means first of all in the
resurrection we see that the moral logic
of the world is larger than life okay if
that's not true if we just live and are
here and we die then we would be living
an entirely different way and one of the
things you see on the left is they do
want to live an entirely different way
where you know sex is a prime value
instead of love and where you know
pleasure is kind of the guiding light
instead of decent instead of what the
moral goodness where you don't have any
kind of you're not trying to discern the
wisdom of God you're just trying to find
out what feels right who we are as
Barack Obama said that's not who we are
who cared and what I keep saying is who
cares what we are who we are what do we
believe what are we following so that's
one thing we believe that the moral
value the moral logic of life is bigger
than life and there are things that
happen in life that are evil that will
be turned to good over time if we follow
God secondly we believe that we're
embodied spirits that the flesh is a
kind of a language it's not people think
they this is a law I won't go into a
long philosophical rant about this but
basically with Descartes people have
this idea that there is a spirit and
there is the body and these are two
separate things and they kind of
communicate through some mysterious way
but that's not the way to think about it
the way to think about it is that your
body is like a word that expresses an
idea you know it's a just like a word
expresses an idea the idea exists
without the word but you can't
communicate the idea you can't embody
you can't incarnate the word without you
can incarnate the idea without the word
in the same way you can incarnate your
spirit without flesh and so your flesh
is a language speaking to you but like
in all languages it's it doesn't quite
communicate the full truth and that's
what they mean when they talk about the
fact that we are sinful that we are
corrupt that we're not fully translating
our souls our spirits into into our
flesh and that's one of the reasons that
so often these conversations come down
to sex and I hate that but the reason
they come down to sex is because sex is
so close to the borderline between
spirit and flesh it's a way of
expressing love it's a way of creating
new life but it's also a way of just
using P that can be used for just using
people and hurting people and it drives
us to do things that we don't want to do
it's the way that most people know that
there's this disparity in them because
that is where you do things that you
don't want to do you want things that
you don't want to want you have desires
that take you over and do make you know
and you wake up the next morning you
think oh my god what have I done you
know that's the way most people
experience their sin because most of us
don't have a lot of power we don't have
a lot of power and it's in power when
you have power when you're set free from
the constraints of other people that's
when you start to experience how bad you
are you ever have if you have a little
brother or little sister someone who's
really smaller than you you've
mistreated them you have mistreated that
is a place where I don't think there is
anybody who has a little brother or
little sister who doesn't wake up every
now and again at 3 o'clock in the
morning think you know I shouldn't have
done that when he was 3 you know I
shouldn't say we because when we have
power we do bad things so this is the
whole thing nowadays you're starting to
hear people bring socialism back you
know they want that Millennials want
socialism it's a really wonderful thing
on campus reform did this tape were they
a video
where they interviewed all these kids
and they said yeah socialism we like
socialism and then they asked him what
is socialism so here's just that that
clip of what kids answering what is this
thing they want so much this is cut 14
how would you define socialism
I mean honestly that definition gets
thrown around a lot I'm not exactly sure
how would you view what socialism is
though I we're not gonna play the whole
thing because I want to bring Christina
Hoff Sommers on but the the thing is why
are we so opposed to socialism and why
do social is not have God in it it's
because in the Christian understanding
of God we want the power to be dispersed
we always want systems that are going to
use our sinfulness for good purposes
that's why we have marriage marriage
uses you know channels the sexual urge
into good purpose is the same thing with
capitalism theoretically it channels
your urge to acquire things to get power
to get your channels your greed it
channels your greed into you know
building stuff and inventing stuff and
making stuff that actually the other
other people in the world want when you
have socialism you transfer all the
property to the government and people
think you know the left thinks oh well
that's gonna be great because the
government will save us but the
government just becomes a bunch of
powerful people and it becomes the
center of power where power is centered
and that's why socialism always ends you
know this is a good time to talk about
this because this is the anniversary of
the Russian Revolution this is the day
on which the Russian Revolution was won
by the Communists sparking a movement
that has resulted in somewhere between
60 million and a hundred and sixty
million deaths and has suppressed God
everywhere it went and that was the
result and so we already know what a
world without God looks like all right
let us bring on christina hoff sommers
she is one of our favorite guests and
I'm sorry it's been a long time since we
had her on she's a resident scholar at
the American Enterprise Institute wrote
a terrific book called who stole
feminism and another terrific book
called the war against boys she hosts
hosts a video blog on YouTube called the
fact
we'll feminists and you can find her at
CH summers Somm ers on Twitter Christina
it's good to see you again can you hear
me yes how are you
alright I'm sorry it's been so long
since I have seen you we've had so much
has happened here I neglected to bring
you on but I always there I always think
that there's somebody I want to be
asking questions of because your factual
feminism is really a a welcome welcome
perspective let's put it that way
so I want to talk to you first I want to
get to Harvey Weinstein some of the sex
scandals that I've been sort of dealing
with a little bit in Hollywood but I
want to start by asking you you said I
wrote this wonderful book called the war
against boys and I talked a lot about
the war against manhood is that still
going on and is it are they winning is
the war men losing the war against men I
think so
very little has changed for young men in
school they're still falling behind and
yet there seemed to be no efforts to
strengthen them we had programs to
strengthen girls when they were behind
in math and science there has been
nothing for little boys and everything
else reading writing school engagement
college matriculation and but worse than
that there is now a kind of vigilante
feminism a loose on campus where men are
guilty because accused and I see no
change there if anything it's
intensifying so on the campus you have
more and more women and fewer and fewer
men and the women still think of
themselves as victims put-upon no I say
the women don't mean the women this is
not the majority it's a small but very
vocal group you know from the Women's
Center the intersectional feminists and
they have a very negative view of above
masculinity
do you see aside from the obvious you
know I the obvious points of men getting
fewer places in college being tormented
by these kangaroo courts over sexual
harassment
what about impersonal lives do you do
you study this at all like what what is
the effect of this kind of feminism on
the average person's personal life I
think so many young men must be confused
a friend of mine has a son that just
started Princeton this year as a
freshman and she thinks he's afraid of
girls did you know he's very active and
very lively very wonderful young man but
just so worried but if he says anything
or is misinterpreted it maybe he will
outgrow that he's a freshman but I would
be if I had a son in college right now I
would be very worried again the majority
of girls aren't hysterics they're not
neurotic but maybe as many as 10 or 20%
they take one to many of these Gender
Studies courses which are tend to be
male phobic and encourage this kind of
what I call fainting couch feminism it I
grew up and still believe in feminism
that asserts equality with men fainting
couch feminism wants protection from
them and and treats women as if they're
fragile birds who can't cope now
stipulate life is full of danger and
there are pathological criminals and I
would consider Harvey Weinstein to be
one but this is not the male norm but
what the but you will see and this is
happening at social media right now it's
happening on campus they will take the
worst case sort of male predator and
hold him up as if he's an exemplar of
the entire gender well that's kind of
what is happening out here right now I
mean it is you know the it's funny I was
talking to someone I work with in the in
the film business yesterday and he was
telling me that the they're having daily
meetings now as predators are caught and
people who have harassed women for years
are caught and fired for instance if an
agent gets fired then all his clients
are now free so they're trying to find
out who's gonna go next so they can
scoop up all his clients I mean that
well you know it begins to sound a lot
like McCarthyism it's the kind of sexual
McCarthyism
now there were communists in the State
Department there were communists who
were on the payroll of you know the
Communist Party in Moscow but there were
majority of people who were accused were
not dangerous people yet they were
harmed by the scare and I think we're
seeing it again I think we will look
back I think a lot of innocent people
are going to be ruined
all because of this twisted politics
gender politics and this kind of moral
panic i when when feminists come out and
they do this and they do it's certainly
online a lot and they blame for instance
Harvey Weinstein on this new phrase they
always come up with their such so good
at coming up with these condemned Natori
phrases they have this phrase toxic
masculinity what what is what do you
think is the result of that if people
like me I'm so old-fashioned I actually
ascribe to the laws of being a gentleman
I mean you and I aren't kind of you and
I have a Venn diagram where we sort of
meet but I I am an old-fashioned
gentleman I and so and one of the things
I miss is I miss why was there no
boyfriend or husband here who just
punched Harvey Weinstein's lights out I
mean I I don't understand where the that
I could use a little bit more of that
toxic masculinity just to shut a guy
like this down what is yes in fact
that's what you will find that men are
as much or more horrified by Harvey
Weinstein and when they can't stand him
and wanna yet somehow that did not apply
in Hollywood and you know the the the
ball the moralize errs in Hollywood
telling the rest of us how to live and
yet they this this was able to persist
for years and again this is not
low-level teasing or flirting or you
know nothing mean this was criminal
predatory behavior yes if these cases
are true and when you get in a case like
Cosby or Weinstein you have so many
women coming forward it's very you know
I do believe in due process and innocent
till proven guilty but that's true in a
court of law but in public opinion yeah
we
don't have to obey that in cases where
there's such you know tangible evidence
from so many people so there is such a
thing as toxic masculinity or
pathological masculinity but it is not
that there's also healthy masculinity
but a healthy healthy masculinity is
characterized by not exploiting and and
and tormenting women but having feelings
of respect and protectiveness and not
tearing things apart but building toxic
masculinity is something very different
and it's a mistake to attribute that to
most men so this this is one of the
things I actually wanted to ask you is
what what is it it seems right now that
people have a societal guidelines on
what to teach girls they should be
strong they should be fearless they
should be this but but no guidelines on
what to teach boys now you're you're a
mom right I mean what what do you think
mothers should teach their boys about
being men well first of all it's a
mistake to think that you can turn them
into girls and what I see in the schools
and what I see coming from gender theory
is oh well if we just gave boys dolls
and nurturing toys and we didn't allow
them to play cops and robbers that
encourages this toxicity wrong wrong
wrong there is a way to raise a boy
which is respectful of his young
masculine nature which is to teach him
to be a gentleman to teach him to be a
good sport to teach you have to open up
a boy's heart and but you can't do that
it's not quite the same with a girl with
a girl that both children mowett male
and female need character education
moral education you know good examples
but it's with a boy you have to respect
his young manhood and I do think through
sportsmanship and the relationship with
coaches and fathers are very important
we're not hearing much about that as
well as this idea of a gentleman and
when I wrote the war against boys I
interviewed boys and asked trimmed all
sorts of different
subcultures across you know surfers and
in Los Angeles and urban kids in in DC
and they all like the idea of being a
gentleman they didn't quite know how
they it it means something positive to
them I think that we could work with
that so and both my boys are gentlemen
yeah not that they're you know perfect
but they are kind and considerate and
respectful of women and here's here is a
philosophical question that I want to
ask you because it's kind of bothering
me recently I read a novel called
submission which is I think the
masterpiece of a very fine French
novelist whose name I can't pronounce
but it's something like Michelle Wie
Lebec
and yeah I'm afraid of that book is it
good I thought it was terrific I thought
it was a terrific and memorable and
deeply disturbing yeah and it's about
the Islamic takeover of France and when
one of the points he makes in the book
is that Islam offers patriarchy and
patriarchy works and it made me methank
back on the famous book from the 80s
called the closing of the American mind
in which the author says yeah Alan bloom
says that that patriarchy essentially
hasn't used that term but he says the
patriarchy we may is not fair but it
worked and we may wish there was
something to replace it but there may
not be he doesn't say there isn't but he
says there may not be and that kind of
is what submission puts forward that
that when Islam comes in the guys are
gonna going yeah this works this will
work and what we had before didn't work
and was empty and it had no moral fact
do you think that there is something if
the patriarchy must go is there
something to replace it is there an idea
that can replace it and still have
normal fruitful relationships between
men and women yes I think that sort of
you know an enlightened democracy that
we have more or less it's not perfect
but if you look around
most just think most workplaces men and
women get along yeah I mean there's
there you don't don't believe the don't
buy into the moral panic that it's all
just you know predatory behavior and
this hidden this hidden state of sees
women are living in it it's not true and
I think that we have to be realistic we
met you know in the kollywood obviously
needs to do something and they need a
you know an HR department for the whole
industry but it in overall rather
quickly men and women were you know
found one another in the workplace and
now most workplaces are you know co-ed
and in colleges and so forth and it
works
mm-hm and I think to argue I mean do
people I listen to some of these the
feminists who I think quite hysterical I
mean do they want us to start wearing
burkas or to have separate lives from
men because they're so dangerous and and
we'll know they say we just have to you
know what what put them in workshops or
again change little boys too from their
nature it's that's not going to happen
but we do have a time-honored method
that works which is as I said sort of
raising considerate children and raise
young men to be gentlemen and of course
it helps if so if young women are dare I
say it ladies yeah and and you know what
they stay where I where I visit colleges
all the time there are crazy kids
protesting but the kids that invite me
that I go out to dinner with I still
seem well-behaved young people getting
along and yes working together I see
that a lot too and I do here you know
women is saying yes I have been harassed
by jerks but so many men have also
mentored me and brought me forward and
have treated me by the point that's the
main point we could all we've all known
troglodytes we can name them but when in
my lectures I tell would women start
complaining about oh this man did that I
said okay I know they're her pad KRA
characters out there but how many men
did the opposite how many men supported
you how many men were you know
encouraging to you and helpful to you
and friends to you and I the vast
majority of women
most of the men they know so we've got
to keep a you know common sense at the
center of this discussion but social
media doesn't help it's kind of like the
matrix of stupidity it's true
christina hoff sommers thank you very
much for coming on the factual feminist
find her at CH Somm ers on twitter is
there anywhere else people should look
for you the factual feminist on YouTube
on YouTube that's a YouTube channel okay
yeah and CH summers alright well I hope
I hope it won't be too long before I see
you again it's always a pleasure talking
to you
lovely talking to you bye bye hi all
right that leads us naturally into
sexual Follies right
I can't stand my daughter faith more did
Ison did I send in the the thing about
the woman who married herself - I have
did wheats did I give you that
oh no okay well we do have it okay good
that my daughter faith more as a rights
kind of feature pieces @pj media and she
has a piece about this woman we've
talked about this so like so log of me
women marry people marry themselves so
here is a woman who married herself and
then found that she was cheating on
itself with a man so here here's her
description of that experience so I
think that is the main point of
confusion is that self marriage is about
self love and it's saying that self
compassion and self care is as important
as romantic love it doesn't mean you're
rejecting all other meaningful
relationships in your life and becoming
a nun forevermore
okay it means you were just rejecting
bad relationships so is that is that not
something that one should feel about
themselves anyway and so you don't
really need to go through a whole
ceremony absolutely if only there was a
bit more self love in the world but this
is a sort of statement which looks to
raise the profile of self-love saying
it's as important as a romantic love so
you don't you don't have to get divorced
from yourself if you marry someone else
absolutely not
like you know marrying yourself is that
is a long life commitment to be
responsible for your own happiness so
divorce is not an option
of course right so then Rory comes along
and you meet Rory and you had a lovely
relationship lovely Rory had come from a
very different world whereas so he had
sort of made this decision to just look
after herself and focus on herself you'd
come from a world where literally yeah
yeah that's what polyamory attempts to
do at least does it achieve it well no I
don't think so no because it's not just
trying to have your cake and eat it it's
trying to have several cakes and that's
too many cakes and you had a tattoo done
yeah sure I mean it's it's right if you
know how many's a tattoo good
that's what I like about this is like
when you marry yourself and you fall in
love with someone else you actually are
cheating on yourself because dire
premise that you need to express your
love for yourself is mistaken to begin
with you should really begin by you know
you're supposed to love others as you
love yourself because you already love
yourself you know you already care about
the good what that means is you care
that good things happen to you and you
care for your own good and your own
health and your own welfare
then that to learn to do that to other
people is the big trick of marriage you
don't need to marry yourself you
actually need to marry someone else to
learn over the course of a lifetime what
it means to love someone else as you
love yourself alright I'm going to New
York so tomorrow I'm gonna be
broadcasting from a hotel room a secret
hotel room but beneath the earth I think
so that should be kind of interesting
we've got the mailbag you got to send in
your questions today go to the website
hit the podcast at Andrew Klavan and
there is a mailbag icon put your
questions in there you have to subscribe
for a lousy ten buckston a month I will
answer them all all my answers will be
true they will change your life maybe
for the better I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin show
