happy Halloween many of you may be
wondering if ben shapiro is dressed up
as keith olbermann and Michael Knowles
is dressed up as whatever he's dressed
up as why am I not wearing a costume let
me explain it's because I am a grown-ass
man and a grown-ass man
dresses like a grown-ass man and always
that is why that is why I am not wearing
now internally I identify as a
Polynesian Disney Princess
yesterday I was it was explained to me
that I accidentally said what did I say
just I said she was a Hawaiian and Jess
explained to me afterwards that it
wasn't you who's Alicia Alicia explained
Alicia explained to me that it was that
Moana is in fact who were not supposed
to dress as for some insane leftist
reason is not Hawaii and she's
Polynesian and I don't want you to think
that I said that because all brown
people look alike to me
it's because I haven't seen Moana
because I I'm a grown ass go watch these
things now it's one drive I like girls
in costumes look always look cute and
interesting and fun but please I mean
really I mean I'm embarrassed to be here
for the rest of the day basically all
these people you know I'm always
embarrassed to be around Knowles however
Hillary Clinton wins the scary Halloween
contest they asked her what she would be
dressing as and this is true I'm not
making this up she said I will be
dressing as the president and I thought
that's terrifying and we actually have a
clip of Hillary Clinton as the president
are you ready Hillary
what's going on Anderson Cooper
it's the staircase of a white house down
below they're waiting for the president
I might be all right cameras rolling
action we're live so they were turning
after all those cameras life which can
be strangely merciful had taken pity on
Hillary Clinton the dream should come
true so desperately had enfolded her I'm
just so happy
mr. Cooper do you mind if I say if you
were thank you I just wanted to say to
you all how happy I am to be back at the
White House and how much I've missed all
of you I promise never to just hurt you
again
after I said this term I saw another
after all this is my life
that's Funny or Die I have to give a hat
tip to Glenn Reynolds over in step under
deposed today and you may say to
yourself who on earth ever makes fun
what comedians ever make fun of Hillary
Clinton and the answer is that was done
when they were trying to destroy her so
that Barack Obama could be President so
it's what everything is relative yes of
course they wouldn't do that today
because that would be attacking a
Democrat instead of attacking a
Republican which is brings us to the
actual news of the day which is that
after manna Ford is indicted and that
this guy George papadopolis a guy worked
for Trump took a plea bargain the media
is screaming for Trump's blood but the
oldest resignation comes from a Clinton
bundler Tony Podesta there's also more
sex scandals in Hollywood and we have
Mark Regnerus here to discuss his book
cheap sex and if you want cheap sex
you've come to the right place trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
all right if you think this is scary
tomorrow is mailbag day and now see all
the terrible things that are happening
to you today they will all be solved if
you send your questions in you can ask
about anything you want personal
religious political anything that comes
up I will answer your questions my
answers are guaranteed 100 percent
correct and will change your life on
occasion for the better here's how you
do it you go on this website you press
the podcast button right tell me what
I'm getting is wrong you press the
podcast button and then there's a
mailbag button and you press that but
you got to subscribe for a lousy 10
bucks a month look in the mirror look in
the mirror is that the way you want to
live the rest of your life no of course
not for a lousy 10 bucks a month all
your problems can be solved for a lousy
hundred bucks you can subscribe to the
year and ask mailbag questions all year
long while drinking out of your left is
tears tumblr which you get as a free
gift for a hundred bucks I guess that's
not a free gift but it's get the
subscription 400 bucks anyway you know
now that it is deep autumn and it
finally rained we got some cold weather
here it's been like a hundred degrees
and finally it rains it's autumn you
know you might want to surprise somebody
you love and the best way to do that is
wait for them to be asleep and then
dress up as a zombie and just hang over
their bed and then whisper their name
and a really small creepy voice or you
could send them flowers I'm guessing the
flowers are gonna be a bigger hit so why
don't you go to proflowers.com and they
will send you some beautiful fresh
bouquet and their favorite fall colors I
use this all the time for the simple
reason that if I didn't use this all the
time I constantly be saying oh I forgot
it's my wife's birthday well I forgot
it's my own so this way with pro flowers
you never forget you can always send
them and they show up fresh they've it's
a perfect gift for anyone who's excited
about fall or anything else they send
you a long-lasting bouquet and your
favorite fall colors their best-selling
cinnamon cider roses are an excellent
option for birthday anniversary any fall
occasion or go with one of the classics
like a hundred autumn blooms or a dozen
autumn roses you can't lose because no
matter which bouquets and my listeners
get 20% off of any of ProFlowers unique
bouquets of 29 dollars or more 20% off
any bouquet of 29 dollars or more to get
that deal you get go to profile flowers
do you put a pro flowers dot-com it's
the drugs it's nothing nothing don't pay
no attention proflowers.com and use my
code a.k.a check out how do you spell
that
aka use but I'd say proflowers.com and
use the code a k-pro flowers bouquets
are guaranteed to stay fresh for at
least 7 days or your money back
you control the delivery date it's a
great deal 20% off at proflowers.com
with the code a que so I know we should
be talking about the news was Halloween
slight holiday atmosphere around that I
have to play what is as of this moment
my favorite moment in the Trump
administration I mean Trump met with the
children of the press and he was
hilarious and I don't think they spread
it around enough because it was so
charming I mean it was kind of it was a
little bit like watching like a mobster
with Ganz but that's because he's so
gruff you know but the kids all showed
up and you can see them they're dressed
in their costumes they got Batman and
Princess Leia and all this stuff and
Trump is talking to them but at the same
time he's talking to their parents the
media whom he hates and just this is
just a brief clip of this
so you have no way for us right
so you think out whatever you need okay
if you want something a friend's take a
wheel 20 so how does the press treat you
think you could treat it better by the
press than anybody in the world anyway
well congratulations folks you did a
good job you did a good job here you did
a bit there I wouldn't say you did very
well here but really beautiful children
how are you how did the media produce
such beautiful children it it was great
it was great so yesterday we had manna
forts indicted in this guy George
papadopolis actually forgot to talk
about Papadopoulos and you're hearing a
lot this could be the more dangerous
thing Papadopoulos lied to the feds
about contacts he had had with someone
who said he could get him dirt on
Hillary Clinton who was a Russian met he
met him over in London he called they
called him the professor and all this
stuff and they say he's proactively
cooperating with this with the
investigation so people are speculating
is he wearing a wire who's he talking to
and all this stuff but and we'll get
back to that but first this this
metaphor thing you know I was saying
from yesterday and actually last week
cuz Tucker Carlson was reporting and I
was just reporting what Tucker Carlson
was reporting that the investigation
Mulder's investigation is now centering
around the Podesta group and it is
they're still investigating if there's
any collusion with Trump and Russia but
they were there investigating whether
man afford Paul man afford all the
indictment covers is the time when mana
Ford was working for the Sham Ukrainian
company which was really just a
basically a Russian front and he was
going to Tony Podesta in meetings where
his brother John Podesta was as well who
are they well let's turn to the New York
Times because the New York Times is the
paper of record right all the news
that's fit to print here's how they
reported this because today suddenly
yesterday I mean suddenly Tony Podesta
resigned he resigned from this basically
this lobbying group so
their report Tony Podesta a prominent
lobbyist and Democrat donor who has come
under scrutiny from the escalating
Special Counsel investigation stepped
down on Monday from the firm he
co-founded according to people familiar
with the firm the firm the Podesta group
has lost clients as it has been
increasingly drawn into the
investigation by the Special Counsel
Robert mullah the third on Monday
there's Podesta group and another
company with which it had worked
mercury public affairs were referenced
though not by name in an indictment of
two former Trump campaign officials Paul
Manafort and Rick Gates and that was in
the indictment it said company a and
Company B and these are the two
companies it was the Podesta firm now
you may have noticed it was a name
missing from that report a name you
didn't hear because you're thinking to
yourself why is this on the front page
of the New York Times so of course you
go to the second paragraph it's not
there you go to the third paragraph it's
not there fourth paragraph fifth
paragraph six paragraph not there
seventh paragraph and listen to this
seventh paragraph in the New York Times
a former newspaper I mean they usually
you think they would remember out or
write the news mr. Podesta announced his
departure to staff meeting on Monday he
is the brother of Hillary Clinton's 2016
campaign chairman John Podesta who
co-founded the firm
Tony Podesta has become the target by
the way Tony Podesta is also a bundler
for Hillary Clinton I mean he's a guy
big big donor for Hillary Clinton Tony
Podesta has become the target of attacks
from conservatives looking to shift the
tension away from mr. Mulder's scrutiny
of President Trump's campaign team news
that's fit to print meanwhile but desta
is blaming Tucker Carlson for his
resignation he's saying how can I go on
when Fox News is attacking me and all
Fox News is doing is reporting the truth
which is what they kind of do over there
and especially Carlson and Bret Baier so
he's not only doing this he's calling up
Carlson he's calling up Fox are trying
to intimidate them to shut them up so
here's Carlson reporting the story besty
isn't just complaining about us though
he's threatening us this afternoon we
got a letter from
Geron third he's a lawyer with Venable
LLP a big law firm here in DC the letter
demands that this show quote immediately
cease and desist disseminating false and
misleading reports about mr. Podesta in
the Podesta group it demands we retract
and delete all our prior reporting in
the Podesta group and warns that if we
don't do this quote mr. Podesta may
pursue legal action including for
damages in order to fully protect his
rights the letter doesn't stop there
though it also warns us that we will
face legal action under the Copyright
Act merely for quoting from this letter
publicly as we just did the most amusing
line though is this one quote Paul
Manafort did not work with the Podesta
group in its representation of the
European Center for a modern Ukraine
that's what the lawyers letters pulled
us apparently that lawyer hasn't read
the Manafort indictment yet in paragraph
22 of that indictment we read this quote
at the direction of Manafort and gates
companies a and B engaged in extensive
lobbying on Ukraine the indictment also
says that the Podesta group and Mercury
were selected personally by Paul
Manafort to lobby on behalf of Ukrainian
interests so if John Podesta is legal
team has a complaint it's not with us
it's with the Department of Justice in
the Mahler investigation but maybe we're
being too literal about this probably so
but Esther's lawyer wasn't trying to
inform us of anything but to threaten us
to shut down our reporting on his client
one lawyer we talked to earlier today
said the Podesta people have used this
tactic with others before it's common
it's never to use fear to control press
coverage we're not intimidated this is
amazing and by the way just just to
bring this up the part of this
influence-peddling
that they were bringing from Russia
through Tony Podesta why was he talking
to Tony Podesta why was John Podesta in
the room it was because they were
reaching out to the State Department to
try and buy view our uranium in Canada
from this Canadian company that was
controlling about 20% of our uranium
supplies and basically influenced the
Obama administration for Russia so I
mean this is really you know this is not
a distraction so far in terms of whether
Trump is guilty of anything or LRE
Clinton is guilty of anything
so far this is the story this is the
stories Podesta and the times can bury
it in the seventh paragraph all they
want it is gonna come out you know one
of the things the New York Times doesn't
realize is that there's a great big
beautiful world out there full of
internet news you know they can hide at
all they want but people can still see
it and by the way you know so this is
gonna be what the narrative is gonna be
from now on anything that looks like it
might touch Trump he's going to get days
and days and days of coverage even if it
turns out to be nothing anything that
goes to Clinton is just conservatives
trying to distract you from the
wonderful glittery Trump stuff over here
and if you don't think if you do not
think that the left is just dying to get
their hands get some dirt on Trump take
a look at Stephen Colbert reporting this
indictment now I know it's almost
Halloween but it really feels more like
Christmas
or Paul Manafort you're just the first
of many tears engine
I sing to the feds
Trump uh pom-pom and you know this is
just to compare this to
Bryan Cranston I just were just a
Hollywood aside here
Bryan Cranston obviously the star of
Breaking Bad total left-wing loon
completely on the left wing but he was
giving an interview to The Hollywood
Reporter and they said to him he's got a
new picture coming out last flag flying
and they say The Hollywood Reporter says
you previous previously been
particularly vocal about your opposition
to Trump as your opinion changed
throughout his first year in office and
Cranston says this it's just astonishing
to me President Trump is not the person
I want it to be in that office and I've
been very open about that that being
said he is the president if he fails the
country is in jeopardy it would be
egotistical for anyone to say I hope he
fails to that person I would say screw
you why would you want that so you can
be right I don't want him to fail I want
him to succeed I do I honestly do and
you've got a good idea that helps the
country oh man I'm gonna support you I
don't care if you're a Republican and
I'm a Democrat or whatever I don't care
that that to me listen I disagree with
everything Frank Cranston believes but
that to me is the voice of patriotism I
can talk to that guy I can we can reason
together and find a way forward and
explore ideas you can't explore your
ideas with a guy a clown like Stephen
Colbert who thinks that an indictment
that might touch the President of the
United States is Christmas all day long
and by the way the basic idea of this
indictment because it's such a complex
indictment and so difficult it seems to
me to prove the idea is that basically
they're putting the screws to mount
afford hoping he will spill the beans
and take them all the way up to trump
but his lawyer Manta Ford's lawyer Kevin
Downey is says they're fighting it and
they're not going to do it and this has
nothing to do with Trump
for the Ukrainian and in that he was
seeking to further democracy and to help
the Ukraine come person to the United
States and even you those activities
ended in 2014 over two years before mr.
Matta Ford served in the Trump campaign
today you see an indictment brought by
an Office of Special Counsel that is
using a very novel theory to prosecute
mr. manna for regarding a Farah filing
the United States government has only
used that offense six times since 1966
it only resulted in one conviction the
second thing about this indictment that
I myself find most ridiculous is a claim
that maintaining offshore accounts to
bring all your funds into the United
States as a kid scheme to conceal from
the United States government is
ridiculous
so I mean they really sound like they're
fighting this Andy McCarthy over a
National Review wrote a good piece
saying this indictment is basically a
boom a boon for Trump because it points
in points away from Trump and it's going
to be difficult to prove because what
they're charging manna fort with is
money laundering but in order to money
along in order to launder money you have
to know that the money is illegal I can
do anything I want with my money but if
it's illegal money and I'm trying to
hide it
that's what's illegal so what a
prosecutor will do in situations like
this and it's not just mullah it's
everybody although all legal guys they
will come to you and they'll say if
you're convicted of these charges you
will get 80 years in prison and you'll
see that headline
you know manna for faces 80 years in
prison and if you don't have a good
lawyer you think oh my lord 80 years in
prison what's my other option and they
said well your other option is you tell
us the Donald Trump is a Russian spy and
we'll give you six months probation you
think like 80 years in prison six months
probation I'll fold you know but they
don't sound like they're folding manna
Ford is a very is not a what can I say
not necessarily a clean guy but he is a
loyal guy and I don't think there that's
gonna work and even if it did work who
would believe him at this point because
he's been pressured so badly which
brings me to the
subject of underwear I'm a professional
broadcaster that was a segue you know
I'm not wearing a costume but I could be
wearing glow-in-the-dark underwear you
wouldn't know it if I were but that's
you can actually get underwear that
glows in the dark if you go to me undies
me on these I do I do not have I'm
joking I don't have the underwear that
glows in the dark they are selling this
they are selling clothes in the dark
underwear but in me undies but I do have
several pairs of me undies and I wear
them especially when I hike because they
are so incredibly comfortable they're
made out of this magic cloth I don't
know what it is but it is three times
softer than cotton they've got tons of
styles and patterns to choose from for
both men and women and they have a
perfect fit for you personally you just
can go on and you know check out what
you need online they also change their
designs all the time so if you are one
of those people who does fun underwear
you can have fun underwear I don't do
that why because I'm a grown-ass man I -
where'd the me undies and they are
really they really are comfortable
incredibly comfortable and you can get
20% off the best and softest underwear
and socks you'll ever own with free
shipping and a hundred percent
satisfaction guarantee you go to me
undies dot-com clayvin que la vie and
it's me undies dot-com Clavin you will
get 20% off incredibly soft incredibly
comfortable underwear and socks free
shipping and 100% satisfaction guarantee
me on these calm and put in Clavin and
you know I hope you will go to these
advertisers because they keep us going
if we don't have the advertisers we
can't be here and say all the wonderful
things that we're telling you so please
do visit our advertisers we need them
and we need you and they need you so
please do that all right we got a
cutaway from Facebook and YouTube but
you can come over to the daily wired.com
where where you will find that you can
press the podcast button and if you're a
subscriber you can then go to the
mailbag place and ask questions in the
mailbag all of which will be answered
tomorrow with answers that are 100%
guaranteed correct and will change your
life sometimes for the better come on
over to the daily wire comm and
subscribe
okay so what about this guy Papadopoulos
Papadopoulos Papadopoulos basically was
a young guy came to work unpaid
apparently for the Trump administration
he was going to help them out with
Foreign Relations and remember the thing
about the Trump administration is no
Republican ones to go near them this is
the thing you have to think back on and
so they're getting anybody they can get
to help them because the act the actual
foreign relations establishment didn't
want to go anywhere near Donald Trump no
one wanted to go near Donald Trump he
was gonna lose he was gonna take the
Senate Majority with him and you know
everybody was abandoning him so here was
a young guy who did come in he met in
London a Russian academic who is
referred to in this charge against him
in his plea bargain as the professor the
professor claimed to have ties to Putin
regime officials who in turn had dirt on
Hillary Clinton among them her stolen
emails and so he started writing emails
the sky Papadopoulos started writing
emails passing this on to his superiors
now none of these superiors are named in
his plea bargain and the reason he took
a plea bargain is because he lied to the
FBI about this he said he only talked to
them before the campaign but he talked
to them all through the can these
Russian guys all through the campaign
don't want kids
protip don't lie to the FBI okay that's
because this money thing is you know a
lot of the stuff that Hillary Clinton
did was so much dirtier but she didn't
you know she's not hasn't been caught
lying to the FBI all right so anyway Sam
Clovis you know they they don't they
always say they give these covered up
names in the plea bargain they say the
campaign supervisor this was Trump
campaign national co-chairman Sam Clovis
he has admitted to this they there was a
woman the professor said to this guy
Papadopoulos that he could get him in
touch with putin's niece the woman
turned out not to be Putin's niece this
whole thing sounds kind of like a cheap
scam you know and so he was writing
Papadopoulos was writing to his
superiors Clovis said you know he kept
saying should I go over to Moscow and
people were saying no don't you know
we're not gonna go to Moscow and then
somebody who was it who said this to him
was man afford Paul Manafort said
whatever happens Donald Trump's not
going is not gonna be Donald Trump who
goes and does this but some of the
people did say maybe you should go and
do it and meet with him nothing ever
came of it it shows a willingness to
meet with the Russians but nothing ever
came of it so Sarah Sanders and Sarah
Sanders the White House spokesman woman
is playing down who Papadopoulos was
this is the the first Sarah Sanders got
three did you just explain what George
papadopolis role with the campaign it
was extremely limited it was a volunteer
position and again no activity was ever
done in an official capacity on behalf
of the campaign it never got what about
the outreach cities making the campaign
officials to try to put together this
you mean the outreach that was
repeatedly denied explain what happened
with his average he reached out and
nothing happened beyond that which I
think shows one his level of importance
in the campaign and two shows what
little role he had with in coordinating
anything officially for the campaign so
so we don't know you know the guy is was
cooperating with the investigations
actually I sort of think he may have
been cooperating maybe the reason they
released this at the same time they
released the man afford indictment is he
may have been cooperating by talking to
manna forth I don't know nobody knows
yet but we'll find out but Jim Acosta of
CNN he had to step up and Jim Acosta
always says the same thing look at me
look at me I'm Jim Acosta I can stand on
my head and rub my tummy at the same
time and that's what he does - Sarah
Sanders who fights back pretty admirably
how is it not collusion when george
papadapolis is in contact with various
people who are promising dirt on Hillary
Clinton
a series of events that closely mirrors
what occurred with the president's own
son
this individual was on a pursuit of
information that was damaging about the
Clintons how was all of that not
collusion look this individual was the
member of a volunteer advisory council
that met one time over the course of a
year and he was part of a list that was
read out in the Washington Post I'd
hardly call that some sort of regular
adviser or as you want to you know push
that he's like a senior member of the
staff it's he was not paid by the
campaign he was a volunteer on up again
a council that met once he was pursuing
information he was a volunteer something
you need to ask him I'm not here to
speak on behalf of the you know
thousands of people that may have
volunteered on the campaign particularly
Mika Kostas just makes a fool of himself
he's playing he's playing dan Rather and
Dan Rather's imagination he's pretending
to be I want to take a pause we're gonna
have Mark Regnerus come on to talk about
his book cheap sex which has become like
a kind of a really it's really being
passed around among among sociological
circles big article about it in the Wall
Street Journal as being passed around a
lot and its really interesting theory
and I want to talk to him about it but
before we get to that I just want to
cover some other news okay here's the
other news that is not first we'll go to
the day that a website called The Daily
wire where Brad Schafer writes this lost
in the neverending Russia Gate saga the
past few days was one of the most
grossly underreported stories by the
mainstream media the Department of
Justice has settled with several
conservative groups who claim they've
been specifically targeted by the IRS
for harassment and frivolous yet
expensive and time-consuming actions as
well as denial or delay of tax-exempt
status due to their political leanings
in opposition to the Obama
administration court records show that
IRS admitted wrongdoing and offered this
astounding apology for what in less
political times would be considered by
both the left and the right to be one of
the most sinister and egregious
exercises of punitive state power to
suppress free speech and deny First
Amendment rights to u.s. citizens in
living memory said the IRS the IRS
myths that its treatment of plaintiffs
these conservatives group groups during
the tax exempt determination process
including screening their applications
based on their names or policy positions
subjecting those applications to
heightened scrutiny scrutiny and
inordinate delays and demanding some
plaintiffs information was wrong for
such treatment the IRS expresses its
sincere apology this is remember the
scandal free Obama administration
remember all those people all that the
people saying is scandal free the other
the other story I just want to hit on
for a minute is this is something that's
dear to my heart it's really wonky I've
been talking about it for two years now
consumer confidence has hit the highest
level since December 2000 okay so that's
17 years the highest level consumer
comms
the US economy is outpacing expectations
for the first time since April ok and
that's go and the stock rally avi so
you've been watching
Gerald syv in the Wall Street Journal he
says why you might ask are the financial
markets and the business community so
happy with the Trump administration the
explanation for the love affair license
something many in Washington either find
boring or overlooked entirely D
regulation and this is something I've
been harping on because regulation what
they do is they pass a law and the law
says oh you know you should be
transparent in your business dealings
and then an agency starts to make
regulations to enforce the law and by
the time they're finished
the agency has so much power over your
life and you have because you're not
dealing with the law you're just dealing
with the writ the agency you have very
little power to fight back and that's
how you find things like out in Montana
or Wyoming they come and take your water
away you know you're watering your
cattle and they say no you can't do that
because we have a new regulation and
this is this water is a major waterway
and all the sudden that's how they
control your life that's an they don't
do it through laws they do it through
regulations Obama just passed
regulations like crazy Trump has been
rolling them back and it's one of those
things it's not being noticed every time
they cover a new tweet and a new you
know a new kind of shiny little story
finally before we get to regular story
getting him on the phone yet great
before we get him I want to also just
talk about this Kevin Spacey because
yesterday I didn't defend Kevin Spacey
but I just was cautious about I was
caught I said there's a difference
between a guy who does something and a
guy who did something right and he would
been accused of one thing now people are
saying oh we always knew this about
Kevin Spacey
if that continues to be true I withdraw
everything to help with them but you
know there's this other thing that I
keep talking about that we keep hearing
is two things one is this gay mafia that
that apparently passes boys around
especially young boy actors around and
that keeps coming up to the surface and
bubbling up to the surface and then
vanishing and I just think you know
there's a very very powerful group of
people in Hollywood who have not been
caught at this and now rumblings are
growing louder and louder that one of
Hollywood's biggest producers of
children's entertainment is about to be
outed as a major incubator for pedophile
executives and their twisted
manipulations there's a guy at
Nickelodeon named Dan Schneider a former
actor and producer he's responsible for
nearly every one of their biggest
successes in the last 20 years Snyder
has produced and written the shows that
have given us breakout stars like ariana
grande amanda Bynes and victoria justice
Snyder has also been the subject of some
very disturbing and consistent rumors
for years one need only search his name
on the internet to find pretty damning
rumors about him going back years there
are stories of his foot fetishes and how
he acts them out on the young extras
alone in his office they're stories
about his relationships with his
underage teenage stars and how they led
to spin-off shows for the girls or
blacklisting for those who didn't
participate and they say on one of those
websites reddit I think it was that
Robert Downey jr. allegedly wrote a
following state the following statement
about the Ann Schneider on crazy days
and nights under the screen name him H I
mmmmmm he said he's a monster the worst
predator alive and if you wonder why
nobody will confront or charge him he's
in charge of multiple hit shows for Nick
which rakes in oceans of money tens of
million dollars multiplied by many years
in many shows Hollywood is unraveling I
mean this is really bad and it's really
I mean this is
this is not transactional sex where you
go out with a producer and think like
yeah I go to bed with them and get the
part which is your choice your call this
is really bad stuff and if it continues
it's the city is gonna be on fire and
I'm coming to live at your house now
here all right sexual follies
Mark Regnerus is an associate professor
of sociology at the University of Texas
at Austin and he has written a very
powerful book called cheap sex the
transformation of men marriage and
monogamy mark it's good to see you thank
you for coming on thank you happy to be
here let's start with what what this
what makes sex cheap what does that mean
what does that phrase mean well cheap
sex means that it's easier for men to
access sex of some sort than ever before
in human history so we think about not
just coupled sex but you know sexual
experiences you know as we were just
talking about you know pornography and
things that they can access by
themselves of a higher quality of course
then you know your grandfather's Playboy
calendar in the garage right so it's
about ease of sexual access or access to
the desirable sexual experiences that's
what cheap sex is okay and that's been
increasing since certainly since I was a
kid when the sexual revolution began and
it's gotten to very extensive at this
point right what really launches in some
ways with the advent of the pill right
because that's the thing that sinks the
cost of sex so I always call it a grand
bargain she gets control of fertility in
exchange he got control of the pace at
which the relationship became sexual
such that today as I had said in the
Wall Street Journal like the mo little
time at which a relationship becomes
sexual is now before it even starts
right so it's not after a few dates
after a couple months of courting it's
like before we even begin but well
because now obviously the girl doesn't
have the excuse of oh I might get
pregnant she doesn't have the religious
excuse because their religion is gone so
there's no barrier so what's the result
what is the societal result and have it
how did you study this and what did you
find her
sure well I'll get to the how did I
study in a second but one of the results
is like the road to stable committed
relationships including but not only
marriage this is a lot longer right and
a lot more sort of boulder-strewn
especially for women who would prefer a
higher price for sex I mean they
actually enjoy sex more when it's in a
committed relationship than when it's
not it's ours which isn't that shocking
but I mean as these things evolved right
I think you know we shouldn't expect
marriage rates to curve back around and
and an increase their decreasing they've
been decreasing since 1970 and I don't
see it coming back you know well one of
the things that you in this Wall Street
Journal piece you quote a 24-year old
recent college graduate and he says
girls are Monsieur to mislead then guys
just by lying or just not really caring
if you know what girls want then you
know you should not get give that to
them until the proper time if you do
that strategically then you can really
have anything you want whether it's
relationship sex or whatever you have
the control I mean I think there have
been guys who have felt that all through
history but that kid sounds like he's
just on easy street basically right I
mean there have been people who have
felt that all through history but
they've been really at the elite level
now one of the things I'm saying is this
is kind of democratized right the
average man can experience this it's not
just Harvey Weinstein or the other
producers were talking about I mean it's
the average guy and he doesn't even have
to be a college graduate anymore I mean
the frequency of sex is higher actually
among people who haven't graduated
college than those who have maybe it's
cuz we're working too much I don't know
well the sexual access is widespread
that's another question I wanted to ask
you you know charles murray has said
that basically as you go up the class
ladder people get married more they go
to church more they work harder yeah so
so when you say marriage is falling
apart do you mean across the spectrum or
is it only in the Lord
yeah it's receding more slowly among the
college-educated I mean people want to
marry men want to marry to eventually so
to speak but it's receiving more at the
you know the working-class level now why
because well marriage ability is about
productivity
proving yourself being able to generate
an income and that doesn't even that
doesn't change even though women no
longer really need the men's income
quite the same a way they used to but
what you're seeing is working-class men
being slow to marry being women
considering them not so marriage able
but they still have sexual access so at
some level it's like well hey this isn't
so bad
decades ago that would not have been a
case I mean if they were flirting with
sex she would get pregnant you have the
shotgun wedding and you know they may
not be the happiest but you know that's
your grandparents right right right
and actually so what you're saying is a
man has no sexual reason to build
himself into anything better than he is
he doesn't have to improve himself so
here's here's another angle from this is
it possible that marriage itself has
become less appealing to men because
they get less out of it I mean let
setting a sex aside with feminism if
your wife is working out of the home
there's nobody there to raise your
children there's nobody there to build a
home for you which you know I think is a
real advantage to have someone to make a
home for you it's a beautiful thing yeah
it has and your children only cost you
money they don't come back and work on
the farm they go out into the world so
you know see how my return on your
investment there's the movement people
talk about men going their own way and
people will respond to the The Wall
Street Journal article and say mark
you're out to lunch it's because
marriage is a bad deal for men I I don't
see evidence of men especially in their
20s and early 30s saying marriage is a
bad deal I'm not gonna do it ever I mean
they might if they're wealthy enough
they might add in some clause into the
marriage but I don't see them fleeing
marriage at the front end what I do see
is evidence at the back end having been
burned looking back and saying oh I
should have seen this right the deck is
stacked against me she can take my
children I can't see them when I want to
so I think that the men going their own
way thing is more of a reflection you
know looking
then a characteristic of men 20s and 30s
as Kevin's says I still want to get
married I just want you know I just
don't want to have sex with a million
girls first and make a lot of mistakes
right right now given the fact that you
know every day I read the paper that
they're making better and more realistic
sex robots and you know porn is gonna
become 3d i matures as soon as they have
that that oculus really working the
first thing they're gonna put on it is
point is do you see this do you see this
trend reversing is they see any way to
make this trend reverse now I don't see
it reversing I don't quite know how much
the robot thing will replace sex the
deal is like women are have begun to
make deals with men over pornography and
probably you soon over that the robot
thing in part because they feel like
they have to I mean it wouldn't really
feel like they're in a bind darned if
they do darned if they don't if they
leave this man who has this problem will
they is the grass truly greener on the
other side of the fence and I think
they're finding themselves puzzled about
whether they can truly get away from
sort of the pornified Society but as you
say you're right I mean as soon as we
create new technology that's the first
thing men seem to do with it right of
course will it replace marriage I mean
that's some little no marriage is is
robust it's not going to die I think
it's gonna recede though and it's gonna
be characteristic of more religious
communities more conservative men I mean
and and men who together with their
wives sort of work through the
temptations that are ever-present you
know I have to ask you this before I let
you go because I'm really always
interested about the way these studies
are done Dean you've you've come under
heavy fire from the the left I mean I
I mean you've you've come under some of
the worst fire I've ever seen actually
from the left for study you did saying
that the children raised by gay couples
are more likely to commit suicide or
something I believe that was the study
worse outcomes let's say do you feel
that that you are getting a broad enough
spectrum of people I mean that's what
they always accuse you of right you
haven't gotten a broad spectrum you
haven't gathered it do you feel
confident that you're getting a broad
enough spectrum to really have a picture
of society I do be far more confident
this because this is a large study
15,000 plus people in the survey hundred
interviews whereas the study that you
had mentioned before I mean it was the
first randomly collected data set of its
kind and we had 248 cases on a survey of
young adults who had a mother or father
who had been in a same-sex relationship
at some point right not necessarily
raised by a gay couple but had a father
a mother who had been in a relationship
so this one is those were like searching
for needles in a haystack
right this is a general population
survey this is average men and women
we're talking about I'm very confident
and and so do people you expect to be
attacked again I mean that's what I'm
kind of getting at to you just doing
this quiet research does that open you
up to it's happened already it comes
from both sides men think I'm accusing
them of you know being blokes and just
sort of all they're interested in sex
wait a minute think I'm misogynistic to
suggest that somehow they have to sort
of trade sex for resources with men I
mean I just think this is you know this
is how men and women relate to each
other and so it's coming from both
angles it's coming from scholars
although smart scholars will recognize
and I have already done so that there's
some truth into this yeah yeah Mark
Regnerus the book is called cheap sex
the transformation of men marriage and
monogamy thanks very much for coming on
I appreciate it's an interesting
conversation all right we are out of
time I think you know but the mailbag is
tomorrow and all your climene come on
look in the mirror and put your life I
think I'll say no more my name is Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show we
will see you again
tomorrow
