a spokesman for Hillary Clinton says the
Clintons have had no involvement with
Russia's attempts to take over our
uranium supplies here's a clip mahalia
Dresden your idea that I gave it ironic
the very sheer cell data a madrasah Sir
John T is partially Meech money a proper
chicken
he looks familiar I'm not sure I don't
know where I've seen him before that
translates as a shrieky old woman in a
pantsuit stole my watch lock the doors
before she gets away at headquarters
everybody says everything's fine
meanwhile on the Republican side Senator
Jeff Flake made an impassioned speech in
which he said everyone must stand and
fight against Donald Trump and that's it
I'm out here you've got duck dynasty's
phil robertson formerly duck dynasty's
phil robertson he's got a new show at
see our TV will be here to tell us about
his new show and the mailbag will solve
all your problems
trigger warning i'm andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right we will solve all your
problems in the mailbag but before that
we're going to give you a problem we're
gonna give you texture calm you will
never be able to get off this app it is
like I feel I feel like I'm spilling
drugs whenever I do this commercial this
thing has got uh it's a texture app it
gives you unlimited access to over 200
premium magazines
it has leading titles like time the
Atlantic The New Yorker Vanity Fair
Wired and right now you can try this for
free once you try it you will not stop
it is really something else it's only I
mean it's like it's so inexpensive you
try it for free and then if you choose
to continue its just $9.99 a month so
you're getting huge amounts of magazines
you can do all kinds of things you can
like search for the articles you can
highlight articles you can save them do
all the kinds of things you can do with
you know obviously on an iPad or a
device and it is you just cannot stop
reading them because I the thing about
magazines they have the money to spend
to send guys out and do really good
research it slanting those really good
stuff
and they can do the research they get
the facts they take the time to get
things right so you're just not reading
the like the latest and what rush would
call the drive-by media just throwing
things out at you you can have your
favorite magazines and their back issues
anytime anywhere to start your texture
free trial go to texture comm slash
Cleavon que la VA and texture comm slash
Clavin you can try it for free and then
if you choose to continue my listeners
will get texture for just $9.99 a month
which is over 30% off they're listed
price there are also great gift options
for the holiday season go to texture
comm slash Clavin to start your free
trial today that's texture dot-com slash
Clavin it is exceptionally cool over 200
premium magazines try it for free once
you try it you will be hooked alright a
lot of stuff going on there's all this
kerfuffle in the Republican Party but we
got to talk about this scandal this is
an unbelievable scam I this is I'm
starting to feel like Alex Jones I'm
starting to be like in for Horrors you
know I'm gonna
big red face and look the DNC and the
Clinton campaign is now clear that they
paid fusion GPS for this steel dossier
this is the one with the Russian hookers
but it was also supposed to establish
Trump's business ties with Russia we
don't know how much of it if any of it
has been confirmed they're now doing all
this stuff they're on TV that the
spokespeople are saying oh well this was
a GOP thing for the primaries and then
they just passed it on to us not true
the GOP did go to fusion GPS the company
that did this dossier somebody at the
GOP did go to fusion GPS trying to stop
Trump but they had not gotten this steel
dossier yet that was done by the
Democrats and the guy who did it I mean
I'm gonna try and lay this out cuz it's
so complicated and it's still developing
the guy who did it was a lawyer what
they do is they always get lawyers to do
this so that the lawyer can then say oh
I can't tell you about it because it's
client privilege you know so I can't
tell you anybody about it but this is
from the same company perkins coie that
hired what was their name CrowdStrike
the crowd's okay now listen right ok
same lawyers right they hired Krauts
like what did CrowdStrike do CrowdStrike
went into the DNC computers remember the
DNC computers were hacked by Russia
except we don't know if they were hacked
by Russia because these lawyers hired
CrowdStrike and they're the only people
who looked at those computers well
didn't the FBI look at them no the FBI
said oh well if you've done cut you know
if you've looked at them and you're
happy you know that it's fine you know
that's fine with us this is all about
James Comey it all comes back to Comey
and some of it gets back to to Muller to
the guy who's now investigating this I
mean it's an amazing amazing story
remember the big CIA oh the 17
intelligence people you know agencies
they all said that the Russian President
Vladimir Putin personally ordered the
hacking of the DNC in the dissemination
of emails from key stakus staffers via
WikiLeaks in order to damage Hillary
Clinton's candidacy that's what we
listened to for the first six months of
Trump's campaign the only reason we know
this is because CrowdStrike hired by
these lawyers who also use GPS to do
this stuff I mean it is unbelievable and
now that the New York Times they're
saying well we were gonna report it but
they lied to us Hillary Clinton lied to
us how how did reporters at the New York
Times think to themselves oh it's
Hillary's you must be telling the truth
I mean listen to her she's still lying
she was on the book TV selling her book
and she's still telling the same old
Clintonian lies it is like a script
listen to this I would say it's the same
baloney they've been peddling for years
and there's been no no credible evidence
by anyone in fact it's been debunked
repeatedly and will continue to be
debunked but here's what they're doing
and really I have to give them credit
you know Trump and his allies including
Fox News are really experts at
distraction and diversion so the closer
the investigation about real Russian
ties between Trump associates and real
Russians as we heard Jeff Sessions
finally admit to in his testimony the
other day the more they want to just
throw mud on the wall and I'm their
favorite target me and you know
President Obama we're the ones that they
always like to put into the crosshairs
so yes I'm I'm not surprised but I think
the real story is how nervous they are
about these continuing investigations
I've lied to you
much wiser since my goodbye
ages
see I think that I think the song should
have given her away I think when the New
York shots are that song maybe she's not
telling the truth
it's that same Clinton thing this is you
know first they deny it they deny they
deny it right and then six months of oh
it's an old story this and it's been
debunked when was it the bump they just
proved it I mean and she's talking about
the uranium deal which I'll get to in
just a minute
because I just want to remind you that
this steel thing this completely bogus
steel thing first of all we think a lot
of the intelligence and it came from the
Soviets we know that the Soviets from
the Russians we know that the Russians
were hiring fusion GPS too we know they
were paying them to gather dirt - this
is the dossier that James Comey took to
Obama and Trump and he put it in that
all-important daily briefing for Obama
right that's where the most important
stuff goes which virtually guaranteed
that it would become a news story
because that's when the news the press
added and they released it when they
knew that Obama had heard it so cool so
the Democrats the Democrats gather this
stuff it's trash they get that Democrats
gather this stuff which is probably
leaked to fusion through the Russians
Comey then gives it to Obama and Trump
guaranteeing that it leaks to the press
okay now on top of this Tucker Carlson
now has a source and Carlson smart guy
right he says this is a very important
source and he will he was kind of
indicating that he would ultimately be
able to reveal the name but this is a
source that is talking to investigators
on the hill he says that that robert
muller who's sent to investigate the
russian ties with donald trump is now
investigating Paul Manafort who was
Trump's campaign manager but not for
what manna fort did with Trump he's
investigating him for what manna fort
did with the Podesta brothers with Tony
Podesta who's a lobbyist and and a big
big Clinton donor and John Podesta who
was Clinton's campaign manager what was
he doing he was taking Russian interests
to the Podesta's to lobby Hillary who is
then Secretary of State for Russian
interests including
the taking over of the art are 20% of
our uranium supply by this Russian
company uranium one let Carlson tell it
because he's his source here he is one
point in either 2013 or maybe early 2014
our source says a meeting was held that
included both Tony Podesta and
representative of the Clinton Foundation
the explicit subject of that meeting how
to assist uranium one that's the Russian
owned company that controls 20% of
American uranium production and whose
board members gave more than a hundred
million dollars to the Clinton
Foundation as our source put it quote
Tony Podesta was basically part of the
Clinton Foundation now apparently there
was not a lot of pretending about this
internally at the Podesta group
according to our source Manafort was
clear crystal clear that Russia wants it
to cultivate ties to Hillary Clinton in
the belief she was likely to become
president okay now remember I know this
is insanely complicated but just
remember this the FBI we now knew no
knew that this was going on they knew it
was breaking laws they knew it was
illegal and they buried it right they
kept it from Congress and they kept it
from the public and they buried it and
then about five years down the line they
did a plea deal with them with with the
with the Russians basically they did a
plea deal with them that did nothing
so they Robert Moll and robert muller at
the time is leading the FBI so robert
muller is now investigating himself he
is now investigating the story that he
buried and it's all and and Comey is
involved in everything I mean Comey was
a I'm just telling I'm starting to sound
like Alex Jones is I'm just gonna have a
heart attack and fall could pitch
forward into my you know Comey goes back
do you remember this Valerie Plame thing
this Valerie Plame thing drove me crazy
Valerie Plame's husband Joseph Wilson it
was a former ambassador wrote this piece
for the New York Times in which he said
that Oh George W Bush was utterly wrong
when he said that Saddam Hussein was
trying to get yellowcake to develop
weapons of mass destruction okay totally
wrong then when it turned out and then
Bush like an idiot apologized for this
when it turned out that Wilson was wrong
and that Bush had been right the media
of
jumped on this absolute nonsense story
that Wilson's wife Valerie Plame had
been outed by the press and somebody in
the Bush administration had outed an act
of CIA agent this turned out to be
utterly untrue nobody in the
administration did it and the FBI knew
this the Deputy Attorney General the
Attorney General John Ashcroft recused
himself from the investigation the
Deputy Attorney General then appointed
that guy Fitzgerald right who just ran
when ran rampant through the Bush
administration who was the deputy
attorney general points for answers
James Comey James Comey pointed this guy
Fitzgerald who then remember it was
gonna be Fitz --mess that was what they
kept calling it was gonna be Fitz miss
for the Democrats it was gonna be
Christmas for them because he was gonna
expose everything and the only guy he
got and he railroaded Scooter Libby who
had been Cheney's chief of staff and I
know this is just all so complicated but
just Comey was in on all this stuff and
then and then when they investigate
Hillary Clinton's emails oh nothing to
see yeah she was a little reckless but
she didn't have intent and she didn't
even look he didn't even look at the
computers that were hacked he just
trusted the DNC the same lawyer who got
this dossier that call me I mean these
guys it's like a James Bond movie these
guys are complete it completely tangled
up with the Russians you know what it
really is like it's like the fake news
thing remember that it was the left that
started fake news the left it was the
ones that started the fake news thing
and then picked it up and said fake news
I'll show your fingers but these things
are like cigars you can just see the
Democrats kind of leaning back our
Russian delusion story smoking a cigar
and then the cigar something so dirty so
this I just wanted to go through this I
know it's too complicated to follow you
have to read it to see it but it really
is amazing the connections between the
Democrats and the Russians and the dirt
that the FBI you know I I said yesterday
that one of my big mistakes one of the
big mistakes I have made on the show is
trusting Comey when he first came out
and that was because as a reporter many
many years ago I used to cover the FBI
they were great but it really does seem
to me that they have been taken over by
democrat in interest and they are no
longer really doing the job of the FBI
they're doing the job of the Democrats
like the press so this is why this silly
civil war that's going on in the GOP is
kind of unimpressive to me you know I
have this big big problem with Donald
Trump's rudeness okay his bullying his
nastiness I have a big problem but it's
not like a it's not like the country's
gonna fall apart because Donald Trump
has bad manners he'll be here for a
while and then he'll be gone like every
president that's not the big problem but
yesterday I mean first let's start with
corker bob corker who's kind of a
moderate Republican he and Trump have
been going at each other and they go at
each other over the tax breaks the the
tax reform and Trump says stay off
people's retirement money and corker
said well we're gonna be the judge of
that
and Trump strikes back and he says bob
Corker who helped President Obama give
us the bad Iran deal as one of his
tweets and couldn't get elected dog
catcher intimacy his mouth fighting guts
and corker is leaving right because he
can't win and so this is what corker
said he goes after he comes back and
hits back against Donald Trump I don't
know why lowers himself to such a low
low standard and the basis our country
in the way that he does but he does and
you know look I don't like responding I
you know you can let them go unanswered
but and it's just not me - we don't do
tweets like that we've responded twice
to again untruth but you know it's
unfortunate that our nation finds itself
in this place if the President of the
United States a liar
the president has great difficulty with
the truth so corker is saying that Trump
lied that he helped Obama pass the Iran
deal and the press is backing him up
like the New York Times has a headline
saying oh yeah this is not true but it
like everything Trump says it's not a
lie it's just loosely stated what
happened was Obama made this Iran deal
and he said well it's not a treaty and
of course it was a treaty but a treaty
needs to be ratified by two-thirds of
the Senate constitutionally so he Bhama
was just gonna declare it to be in place
corker hated the deal so he passed this
corker bill which basically said that
the Senate gets to vet it and they have
to ratify ratify it all the time but
that made it easier for Obama to pass it
he didn't need the same numbers and what
they all said is what we had to do this
or else Obama was going to do it
illegally but of course if Obama had
done it illegally we wouldn't have had
to do anything with it in the first
place it would have just been illegal
and they could have blown it up into a
scandal so Trump is right corker did
help
so now Senator Jeff Flake flake is kind
of a an open borders guy in Arizona he's
got like 80% approval rating so he's not
gonna run again so he's not gonna run
again so he gets up and he gives a brave
speech denouncing Donald Trump but
listen carefully to what he's saying to
exactly what these guys are saying okay
because they telling us this is a threat
to America and my question to you is is
it let's just play the first flake cut I
rise today with no small measure of
regret regret because of the state of
our disunion regret because of the
disrepair and destructiveness of our
politics regret because of the indecency
of our discourse regret because of the
coarseness of our leadership regret for
the compromise of our moral authority
and by our I mean all of our complicity
in this alarming and dangerous state of
affairs it is time for our complicit
complicity and our accommodation of the
unacceptable to end in this century anew
phrase has entered the language to
describe the accommodation of a new and
undesirable order that phrase being the
new normal but we must never adjust to
the present coarseness of our national
dialogue with the tone set at the top
okay so what they're all complaining
about this great danger to America is
Trump's rudeness and his bullying that
is what it is and I started to read this
on Monday I don't like to read my own
stuff because it seems kind of silly to
read my own stuff but I just want to
talk about a comment that I got on this
just a couple a couple of paragraphs of
a piece I wrote over the weekend that
was put up on PJ media and I started as
Trump I get attacked a lot of PJ for
being too mean to Trump right so here I
get attacked for being too nice to John
says you know whatever so his Trump
loving readers of this blog have
frequently complained I am NOT always a
fan of Donald Trump's personal style I
don't like bullies and I prefer
president who thinks before he opens his
mouth I do on the other hand very much
like many of the things Trump has
accomplished the great judicial
nominations the taming of the regulatory
state the restoration of the rule of law
at the border leaving the silly Paris
Accord the annihilation of Isis the
attempts to hurry the implosion of
Obamacare by suspending utterly illegal
payments to insurance companies calling
out the NFL and calling out the media on
its leftward bias that's an awful lot of
good stuff and it surely makes up for
the big mouths re aside from a few
stupid remarks that seemed to show a
lack of respect for the First Amendment
remarks that have so far not been
followed up by any bad actions I can't
think of one instance in which Trump has
behaved in a way that endangers the
norms of American governance
he hasn't misused the IRS like Obama did
are corrupted the Justice Department
like Obama did or made illegal payouts
to insurance companies like Obama did or
extended the power of regulatory
agencies until they became a threat to
constitutional democracy like Obama did
or lied to the people about health care
or Benghazi like Obama did or behaved so
autocratically and unconstitutionally
that he lost a record number of cases
before the Supreme Court more than any
other modern president like Obama did in
fact Trump has been incredibly
transparent with the public and has
generally thrown legislative decisions
to Congress where they belong where was
Senator flake when that was
on right I mean that's my that's my
problem I understand that this guy is a
big mouth and I understand that he
doesn't treat people the way I would
like to see American American president
and treat people and I understand that's
bad news but where were these guys when
Obama was genuinely in a danger to the
American Way of life and somebody
commented on my blog has it occurred to
you that we need that only a guy with a
big mouth a big mouth bully like Trump
could have made the change in Washington
that we want to see and what I didn't
have time to answer him was yes it has
that's exactly what has occurred to me
but that worries me it worries me that
only a big mouth bully can make that
change I mean what does it say about our
polity and what does it say about the
Republican Party that it takes a guy
like Trump who's not a very nice guy to
get them off the dime to wake them up to
the people they've been ignoring all
this time all right we have Phil
Robertson Sears let's bring him on I
don't wanna keep him waiting
Phil Robertson ate one of these stars
the patriarch of duck dynasty went an
amazing 11 seasons on A&E broke
viewership records but on Monday October
30th he is starring in a new CR TV
exclusive show called in the woods with
Phil which you can watch it's ER tv.com
slash ducks Phil it is great to talk to
you and you're going to be working with
steven crowder so bring your duck rifle
with you you were gonna need it they
think you bet you good to be here by the
way in the area of coarseness I might
have been a accused of the same thing
probably a few things worse than that i
stacked trump up with all the
alternatives that could be in there
including Obama Hillary Clinton some of
these guys like flake corker all of them
I look at Trump and I'm thinking little
rough around the edges let's face it but
straight to the point
yep yeah I mean you were like me wanted
Cruz I wanted Cruz but you know this is
what we got and he's doing a pretty good
job so far you know he's like weird
overall the blowback from within though
his own party all of these
obstructionists out there
Schumer that bunch I'm like all we've
got the right man in there everybody
just stay along for the ride before it's
over everybody's gonna say we're better
off for the old Trump than the rest of
them I'm convinced of it there's no
question that we're certainly better off
than we were with that corrupt
incredible she's like a criminal but
Hillary Clinton she every word out of
her mouth is a lie it's an amazing
that's right so what's the new show and
what how is it different than duck
dynasty basically we're doing the same
thing this political correctness over
here on one side or as I call it
pontificating crap we just say it come
on America why don't we try biblical
correctness the end result being removal
of your sin well the Lord who came down
in flesh 2000 17 years ago your
calendars based on him he'll raise you
from the dead you have life and
mortality here and all you're required
to do is love him and love each other
let's give it a try based on my
observation I think it would help now is
that something I love these things
everybody everybody knows you were
suspended from na-na for making remarks
about gay people on the show that that
it was a sin they felt it was sinful is
that something you feel would happen to
you again now I mean now that you're so
popular do you still feel that they
would do that probably so what they need
to remember is that didn't bother me at
all I never called Andy for firing me
and I never lashed out against anyone I
love them all but all of us all
including me we all have a sin problem
Jesus sobbed it you need to be able to
hear what your sins are but deep down we
all know what sin is we really do but
that's just the ol evil one said oh you
can't accuse me of that you know it's
really okay to murder if they're not
valuable yet we can
murder offspring at 20 weeks and you're
not come on I mean you move the line on
murder you've moved it on immorality so
I just remind them that we're all
sinners
we're saved by the grace of God chop
bone of the Jesus no matter whether
they're mad about it sad or glad I just
want them to Jesus on down the road I go
no no question about that but now let me
let me ask you something you started out
as a businessman right you've had this
the the duck called business that you've
made into this tremendous success did it
surprise you that you were so popular on
television did it surprise you to find
yourself basically in show biz when they
first pitched the thing when a and he
came down to the riverbank and pitched
it we're all a bunch of rednecks setting
up in there you know and they pitched
the show and my kids when they left my
kids said dad what about it what do you
think I said well I don't think a bunch
of rednecks shooting ducks I don't think
that will work I said however I said
what if the almighty is behind it if
he's behind it it'll go ballistic well
as it turned out we all ended up
multi-millionaires the menu got better
and we still remember that the money
that we have made so far cannot remove
our sin and all the fame we ever get
can't raise us from the dead so we've
still got as a functional family it's
what you saw with duck dynasty we still
got God up here and everything else
second to that that's the way we did you
did you find that ane with with a I
don't want you to you know dis your
former employers or anything but were
they surprised I mean when one of the
things the reason I'm asking this let me
tell you why I'm asking this it seems to
me that the people in show business and
I've worked out here in LA as a
screenwriter it seems to me that they
really don't believe that there is a
market for people like you and yet you
and others keep proving them wrong I
mean was Amy surprised to find what they
had on their hands when ane came back
down after they they said well mister
we actually didn't fire you we put you
on what we call an indefinite hiatus
well I looked up hiatus and I reminded
them hiatus a gap in the proceedings and
I was the gap I was no longer there
but I told him I said guys did I ever
call you up irate because you fired me
and they said you never said a word mr.
Robinson I said Soudan that you're now
here to reinstate me the reason they
came to reinstate me was the outcry from
the same people by the way the duck
dynasty Watchers were the same people
that voted for Donald Trump they're
there but la New York some of them they
tend in the movie industry they tend not
to acknowledge them acknowledge them as
much as they should or we're still here
remember I'm a c-plus man but I'm smart
and - now you know as a successful
reality TV star I'm gonna have to cut
cut off in a minute but as a successful
TV reality star you're thinking of
running for office I hear that's a good
path to the presidency not at all
because I don't think it's a political
fix I think really America it's more of
a spiritual fix and if the public if
their godly godliness begets godly
politicians
begets godly government godly laws so
we're starting from the ground floor up
maybe through this show we can help
people understand that that's I I agree
with it so it's in the woods with Phil
on CR TV you can find it as CR tv.com
slash Doc's Phil listen if you if you do
take a shot at Crowder just wing him
don't kill him all right because I kind
of like well that that is that is
interesting I'd like I don't know
I don't I actually don't think you could
do that show on cable TV
even on Netflix I don't think they think
it would work and it would you know yeah
obviously it keeps proving it but it
doesn't matter all right
you know I really feel bad that that
scandal I mean Austin was saying during
one of the breaks that he even just that
scandal but I mean it is it is important
because the reason that Obama the Obama
administration allowed and it wasn't
just Hillary Clinton it was the entire
Obama administration the reason they
allowed Putin to take control of so much
of our uranium was that they wanted to
have a reset with Russia so that they
could pass the Iran deal so that Russia
wouldn't get in the way of the Iran deal
so it is a complete chain of corruption
that went through that administration I
have always said I thought it was one of
the most corrupt administration's the
Obama administration and remember at the
end all those that montage we had of all
the reporter saying I was scandal free
it was scandal free it was scandal free
it was one big scandal and I know it's
complicated but we'll talk more about it
and we'll make it more clear but now we
forgotten who Obama is because his
legacy is blitz like it's kind of like
dust scattered I hope you guys CJ hello
Supreme Leader Clavin I am a writer and
I struggle with professional jealousy
this is a great question how do you
handle it I'm very competitive and I
know it does nothing for my work thanks
very much I made this may be the only
question I get to answer because this is
an important question you know to get to
this in a kind of roundabout way one of
the questions I get asked all the time
is how do you get how do you get into
Hollywood how does one break into
Hollywood and I always tell him I don't
know because I never wanted to work in
Hollywood I was dragged into it a
professor set up professor producer said
to me I want you to write a script and I
will pay you to write any script no I
said no I don't want to be in Hollywood
I don't want to work on their movies I
mean when people hear that they kind of
you can see the blood drain out of their
face because there are people out here
who
rip off their arms I mean I'm not even
joking they'd sleep with Harvey
Weinstein to get the opportunities to
have somebody pay them for a script I
didn't want to do it but she kind of
maneuvered me into a position where I
had to do it she said is there any thing
you would do and I gave her the name of
a project shock to the system a
wonderful novel by Simon Brett and she
went out in the options and he's two
months later she called me back said all
right I optioned it and I thought oh no
you know she spent money now I got to do
it and they made it into what I think is
a very good Michael Caine film and then
I became popular and people started
hiring me to be in Hollywood my point is
I don't know how to get into Hollywood
because I was dragged into it and I have
to say when it comes to professional
jealousy this plagued me and envy this
plagued me when I was a young man it
made my life really really unhappy and
it went away and I don't know why and so
I can tell you what it's like to have it
be gone and I can tell you why I feel
it's gone but I'm not sure I can tell
you how to make it be gone that's what
that's my long-winded way of getting to
this Envy as Ernest Hemingway said Envy
ruins everything you know and I think in
in some ways when I had I went through
this very dark period I've written about
it and the great good thing and I went
to a shrink and he solved a lot of my
problems it was really miraculous but
there were all these ancillary things
that got solved like for instance I was
afraid of flying now I have a pilot's
license I was afraid of public speaking
now Here I am about a public speaker and
those things just got cleared up on the
side and somehow when I developed a
relationship with God my Envy went away
okay and I used to really bug me if a
friend of mine had a big success
now I genuinely I mean I seriously feel
genuine joy for my friends when they
succeed even if they succeeded something
that I wanted to succeed in I mean
obviously I don't like it when I lose a
particular job that I wanted if somebody
takes that job but you know I love it
when my friends do well especially if
they do well with good material and and
that has brought so much more joy into
my life and here's the way I look at it
and here's what I can tell you the CJ I
mean you're absolutely right you want to
be competitive in the sense of being
excellent and I know
but he is more competitive than I am
when I want to be excellent if I'm
envious of anything it's when somebody
does something that is just absolutely
spectacular you know but only only
because I think gee I wish I had done
that but not because I want to take it
away from them you want to be
competitive too so you can be honed and
ready to go but the fact is the top
shelf the shelf where all the good stuff
lives is infinite okay there's no space
there that's being taken away from you
by somebody else doing well and you
probably know that already and it
probably doesn't help and the only thing
I can save you is just somehow you have
to it's like your heart's a fist it's
like it's holding on because if you
think if you're happy for your friends
if you're happy for other people's
success you think that somehow God is
gonna save you
well if you're happy for that then I'm
not giving you anything you just have to
open your heart like a opening a hand
and let it go and I do I swear this was
a gift it is a gift I was just thinking
you know it's funny before I saw this
email question I was just thinking about
it because I'll have him on I had a
friend over the house who's just
finished making a movie andrew hyatt
he's made a movie about st. Paul for
Sony and I was so happy for him it's so
proud of him and I was I had him over
and was plying him with liquor and we
were celebrating all that stuff and when
he walked out I turned to my wife and I
said you know when I was a young man I
never felt that way I never had that joy
and other people's success and now it
really does it really does make your
life so much better so I guess what else
I'll say is this do it as a practice
started as a practice I mean I don't
know if you believe in God I don't know
if you have God to go to about this
because if you bring it to God I'm sure
he'll help you with it I mean it's one
of those things that God is really good
the lost a lot of skills God is funny
but but do it as a practice just let it
go don't pretend to be happy just let
the bitterness go because a lot of times
I mean I always found when I was envious
of people that I wasn't actually I
didn't want them anything bad to happen
to them there's a famous line I think
it's Somerset mom and said as he said
it's not enough for you to succeed your
best friend has to fail and I never
actually felt like that you know I never
felt like I wanted my friends to fail I
just wanted to have his much
or more than they did you know and and
that just went away and I all I can say
to you is open up your heart and just
try and let it go just release it and if
you can talk to God about it talk to God
about it because Hemingway was right it
ruins everything and it's and it's you
actually get more joy I think part of it
too for me of the part about God is that
I feel that we're all all people who are
trying to do good things we're trying to
make beautiful things we're trying to
make excellent things that we're all
kind of working for the same boss and
we're all sort of delivering you know so
if if if somebody increases the number
of beautiful things in the world
increases the number of good things in
the world it's a win for me at some
level and I think that that's part of it
too and I know this stuff sounds soapy
but it's just it actually is the way I
feel and I'm so much happier this way it
is one it is envy is just one of the
worst things especially for a writer
because why is it bad especially bad for
a writer especially bad for a writer
because sometimes you have to do things
that are less successful in the moment
to do things that are better and more
successful over time so I've been
talking about Percy Shelley who I've
been really he never he never had an
audience one of the greatest poets in
English literature
never had an audience his stuff wasn't
published it got lost in the mail nobody
read him nobody liked him nobody wanted
to hear from but he was doing the stuff
he had to do to make beautiful stuff and
so it's so hard for a writer because
there's always this temptation to do the
stuff that sells that you get rewards
for that you get money for when really
what you should be doing is doing the
best possible stuff you can do so as far
as advice I know it's a little bit the
rambling but it's just such a big topic
as far as advice I just would say try as
a practice and if you can go to God to
help you with this practice to just open
your heart and will let it go let go of
the bitterness let go of everything and
just try to be glad that there's more
beauty in the world more success that
your friends are happy and all of that
because make your life so much better
from heaven dear Andrew head shines with
the power of a thousand suns Clavin that
I do actually have that business card so
my my fiance regularly goes through my
phone to see if I am cheating or doing
something bad if I ask to go through her
phone she denies me I have been faithful
to her and I heard you mentioned before
that there was a problem in relations
if a partner goes snooping for info
wondering what your advice in the
situation would be thank you my my
advice is that this really should stop
but it's a symptom of something it's a
symptom of her distrust and the idea I
mean you can always put a code on your
phone you know then she can't open your
phone but that's not the problem the
problem is the distrust and her feeling
of distrust and it may not be have
anything to do with you it may have
something to do with people the way
people have treated her in the past
it's very controlling for her to do this
it is very controlling for her to look
at your private stuff and to feel that
she has the right to look at it but you
don't have the right to look at hers and
I think you need to address it I think
you need to address it from a level
though not of a level stop doing this
but a level of what is the problem here
and if you need to get somebody in to
help you with that get somebody in to
help you with that because this could it
can only get worse if you don't address
it so I would address the underlying
issue what is what is she so afraid of
and why is she so afraid and why does
she feel that she needs that level of
control great clay vanian Dominus Domus
luminoso or a never mind as a daily
watcher of your show I like many others
read the great good thing and discovered
a connection to God that I did not have
previously that always makes me feel
great I get green stamps for that I get
like little extra things you know I not
only get into heaven but they give me a
toaster that's like I am however the
more I try to walk in line with what I
believe God wants from my life the more
deeply I find I am tested by the world
around me do you have any advice that
does happen do you have any advice for
finding peace between living for God and
having a happy life are they the same
thing best Spencer living for God and
having a happy life are not the same
thing happy is kind of a dopey thing to
have a dopey standard to live by okay I
know we all want to be happy when you
get happy you're happy when the bank
makes an error in your favor and you get
20 bucks you're happy when you have a
baby you're happy when you go to the
doctor and you find out that what you
were worried about isn't true you're
happy when your business plan goes well
when are you unhappy you're happy when
your business plan doesn't go well and
another guy got the promotion you want
it when you're sick and you have a even
if you just have the flu you know you're
unhappy that's
those are the things that make you happy
and unhappy what I like to talk about is
joy and what is joy joy is the vitality
of life the absolute connection to life
life in abundance Christ called it it is
this sense that being alive is
tremendous it's a cool cool thing and
it's tremendous when it's sad even
though it's sad but it's tremendous you
know obviously we all liked it better
when it's happy that's what God will
give you God promised you life in
abundance he doesn't promise your
happiness now because you don't tell me
what we're talking about and I always
wish when people write these questions
that there would just be a little bit
more specific I don't know what you mean
by tested by the world if what that
means is that God is telling you to give
up your mistress give up your mistress I
mean if that's what that means but your
mistress makes you happy you know like
you know and you're cheating on your
wife so I don't know what it means that
you're tested by the world sometimes
just like I was talking about writing
sometimes I have to write something I
know I have to write something that's
gonna make me less popular and I do it
and it makes me unhappy I'd rather
rather everything I wrote sold the
gazillion copies but I know that selling
a gazillion copies is not what I am here
to do God did not put me on earth to
sell the gazillion copies he put me on
earth because he wanted to hear the
words that I put together in a certain
way you know so I write beautifully so
what I what I would say to you is is if
you can live if you're sure about what
God is asking you and usually God is
asking you for something that's in
keeping with your nature you in yourself
or a path to God you who you truly are
Spencer
the Spencer that was made is a path to
God if you follow that Spencer not the
Spencer that you become not the Spencer
that you think you're supposed to be not
the Spencer that you demand of God that
you should be the dispenser that you
were made if you follow that Spencer it
will take you down the road to God and
closer closer every day
so usually God's not asking you to do
something that's anathema to you that is
hateful to you he's usually asking you
to do something very much in keeping
with your nature that's been my
observation so so I you don't tell me
what it is that's testing you so I don't
know but what I would ask yourself is is
it testing you because you like it but
it's bad for you or is it testing you
because it is in fact with your nature
in which case maybe you're
misunderstanding
God is saying all right do one more I
think well here's one from Kimberly dear
supreme overlord Clavin is loved simply
the result of a chance encounter I don't
believe it is I I do not believe it I
think I think there's a couple of things
in play here one is probably just
thinking logically probably there are a
number of people that you could fall in
love with in your life you know I mean I
I have to say I have been in love with
the same woman for 40 years but every
now and again I'll meet a woman and
think huh you know I could have loved
her you know sure maybe that would have
worked out I have no way of proving it
because there are no there's no life
that you didn't lead you've only have
the one life so you can't prove it so I
do believe that there's a higher chance
of meeting someone then if they it was
just one person to one person but that's
just logic that doesn't really mean
anything I also believe that we want to
fall in love that is not good for us to
be alone we don't like being alone
people want to find it be a couple and
so I think that people tend to hook up
with someone else and then tend to make
the best of it if they can and that's a
little different than finding the exact
right person for you I do believe I do
believe that true love is intended I
don't believe the true love is intended
for everybody I don't believe that
everybody gets true love I think that
that is the mistake that the feminists
always make when they say that the movie
the Disney movie Cinderella taught us
that we were all going to be loved no it
didn't it taught you that the princess
was gonna find the prince I thought to
you that the the you know this very
special person is gonna find a very
special person I do think that that you
can with through kindness you can
develop love for people over time and so
I think that there is an element of will
in in love but I don't think it's chance
I don't you know I think the chance is
an illusion of as a human illusion
basically I think that as we live life
seems random and will always seem random
and will always occur random but I do
think that there's a greater plan and
maybe that plan includes a enough level
of choice that there's randomness in
there they were at least it looks like
randomness but I do believe that if you
are
meant to fall in love you will find that
person I mean the fact the way that I
found my wife is so bizarre I picked her
up hitchhiking I've told the story
before but I mean it was so bizarre and
our intense connection has been so
transformative for both of us and so
complete that I simply cannot believe it
was an accident I simply don't all right
I guess we got to take a little a little
longer
tickety-boo news you we don't usually do
an interview on Wednesday but I wanted
to do well there is two stories I got to
read I'll go through this as quickly as
I can I feel like I've been a little
rushed today but still from campus
reform campuses performed goes on finds
all the absurd things that are happening
at college campuses this is by Tony girl
tony teo and i air iraq seenin iraq
scene and the campus reform a feminist
professor at the university of
california davis has vowed to challenge
the authority of science by rewriting
knowledge through a feminist lens Sara
Giordano who left the field of
neuroscience to become a woman studies
professor at UC Davis that doesn't speak
well of Sara's choices she opened up
about her feelings towards the sciences
and a recent essay for catalyst a
journal of feminist theory science she
says has earned its epistemic Authority
through its Co Constitution with
colonization and slavery and it relies
on a colonial and Ratt racialized form
of power at the root of the
justification for social inequality is
Western science she says sciences
distinction between humans and nonhumans
has allowed capitalism to become
justified as a natural economic system
we need to disrupt the authority of
science and the assumption that science
equals truth this can be done by
implementing a feminist science practice
that explicitly unsticks science from
truth yeah feminist science will unstick
science from truth add that to this from
Fox News okay a math education professor
at the University of Illinois says the
ability to solve geometry and algebra
problems and teaching such subjects
perpetuates white privilege
Rochelle I love feminists what would we
do for laughs without feminists Rochelle
Guiterrez laid out her views on the
subject in an article for a newly
published anthology for math educators
titled building support for scholarly
practices in mathematics methods school
mathematics curricula emphasizing terms
like Pythagorean theorem and PI
perpetuate a perception that mathematics
was largely developed by Greeks and
other Europeans she also on many levels
mathematic itself operates as whiteness
who gets credit for doing in developing
mathematics who is capable in
mathematics and who is seen as part of
the mathematical community is generally
reviewed viewed as white I love it now
why do I call this tickety-boo
stickety-boo news is my way of saying
that you have to read the news you don't
have always have to read the news as is
presented to you because you could read
this and you could get angry right you
could say these women are absolutely
nuts they want to say that science
should be feminist whether signed
instead of science should search the
facts and then we should build our life
around the facts we should understand
the fact they want to say that
mathematics is white when mathematics if
anything if any science if any study
just follows the truth it's mathematics
right it just puts the numbers together
if they add up they add up so she wants
a non white mathematics the thing I love
about this is that it is the little
little bubble popping up that the left
understands that the facts are not on
their side right why would you have to
attack science if science was gonna back
you up you know I mean all these people
who think that science at global warming
is science they don't want to turn away
from science they want to turn away from
science as phil robertson was saying
they want to turn away from science when
they want to get rid of the baby they
can see when they want to get rid of the
baby they can see if suddenly it's not a
baby it's just a clump of cells right I
mean all you have to do is look at the
the sonogram to see it so baby right and
you can kill a virtually viable baby at
this point because you don't like it
because it's female instead of male
because it's Pisces instead of Capricorn
they are beginning to realize that the
facts don't back them up they don't back
up feminism in their idea that women and
men are the same they don't back up
you know the abortionists and their idea
that babies are not babies and they are
going to have to transform the study of
science now we know who did this the
Soviets tried to do this they try to
have Soviet science didn't work out so
well this is I swear I believe this is
the beginning of the end all I hear from
them is that we have to transform the
method of finding the truth so that the
truth follows us but the truth it has a
way it's very stubborn and has a way of
coming back and getting you I just want
to add by the way the Praeger you are
friends over a Prager University
and I've done a Prager University video
and our company forward publishing used
to help I don't know if they still do
them but they still do them sometimes I
think they have said that they have
filed a lawsuit against YouTube and its
parent company Google for intentional
censorship of conservative speakers
because they have been YouTube has
removed more than 10% of the
organization's videos from its
restrictive mode meant to protect
younger and more sensitive viewers and
only slowly provided contradictory
answers for why they were removed and
basically they think they're being
persecuted this is the other sign the
other sign that the left is losing is
they have to shut people up when you
have to shut up Dennis Prager who is no
barn burning crazy man is just a guy who
basically speaks the truth as he sees it
when you have to shut up Prager
University
you have lost the argument they're
losing the argument who've we got on
tomorrow I don't know somebody we've got
guests and it'll be Thursday and then
it's the last the last show of the week
but we still have another Kingdom and
I'll talk more about that we have
episode 3 we'll be unleashing on Friday
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show I'll see you tomorrow
you
