you don't it took a bit of time for the
hurricane hit puerto ricans to get
federal relief to the places it was
needed the media has started saying it
was Trump's Katrina I don't think they
remember that Katrina was when they
successfully blamed George W Bush for
the fact that despite the fact that Bush
sent nearly 2 billion dollars to
Louisiana for Civil Works Democrat
politicians rerouted the money to their
pork-barrel projects so that New Orleans
was left exposed to flooding when the
hurricane hit before that we heard that
trumps collusion in Russia's hacking the
election was Trump's Watergate in spite
of the fact that Russia had never hacked
the election and Donald Trump never
colluded with him but other than that it
was exactly like Watergate now we're
trying to starting to hear that the
death of four soldiers in Niger is
Trump's Benghazi so you want to talk
about Benghazi we are going to talk
about Benghazi I think pretty soon we're
gonna start to hear that it's Trump's
fall of Rome and that it's Trump's
Garden of Eden leading to the fall of
man also Michel Noel's the blazing star
of another Kingdom without land also the
host of the Michel Noel's show we'll
talk about the Trump's release of the
JFK papers we are finally going to find
out if Rafael Cruz was born in Kenya I
hope so morning I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show
all right the Clavin last weekend has in
fact come to an end and for some of you
it was a little less clay Palace than
usual you know this podcast I have put
up another Kingdom it's a serial story
about a failed Hollywood director who
walks through a door and finds himself a
murder suspect in this bizarre fantasy
world starring and performed by Michael
Noel's
Michael Noel's even also also our own
host of the Michael Noel's show here at
the Daily wire and it was number 12 on
the list of arts podcasts over the
weekend so people are tuning in and I
hope you guys will tune in and please
subscribe on iTunes and leave a good
review because it helps us very very
much a lot of people look at me at the
Daily wire and they say what happened to
you you know this is a you know you used
to work with such good people that's
because we haven't figured out here they
use zip recruiter dot-com we have a very
different system for hiring people here
at the Daily wire if you asked three
times for spare change we give you a job
that's it that's the third time that
wasn't that way it was the third time
yeah also you do have to prove that you
can contact Venus through the fillings
in your teeth but what you want to do if
you want to hire good people this is you
have to get to zip recruiter comm
because with zip recruiter you can post
your job to over 100 of the web's
leading job boards with just one click
so you can rest easy knowing your job is
being seen by the right candidates but
not only that after you posted zip
recruiter puts its smart matching
technology to work actively notifying
qualified candidates about your job
within minutes of posting so you receive
the best possible matches that's why is
it recruiter is different become because
unlike other hiring sites zip recruiter
doesn't depend on the right candidates
finding you it finds them no wonder 80%
of employers who post on zip recruiter
get a quality candidate through the site
in just
one day's has anybody told the people
who run this way you present get a
quality candidate it's the quality see
that's the part where we've gone wrong
people working there just nobody knows
what he's doing
zip recruiter is the smartest way to
hire and you can find out today why zip
recruiter has been used by growing
businesses of all sizes and industries
to find the most qualified job
candidates that they under even even in
the copy they underline qualified as
because what that's what we're busy my
listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter
for free which is pretty inexpensive
when they think about it's free just go
to zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
and please put that in there because
they keep our lights burning here and we
need them to know that we're sending
them customers that's us recruiter comm
slash daily wire one more time to try it
for free go to zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire don't let this happen to you
here's what happened last week was a
disgrace it was immediate disgrace okay
the Donald Trump gets up and he gives
this presser on the White House one that
he talks to the press for 45 minutes
right he talks to them about anything he
answers all their questions it's the
president the United States he just
stands there most transparent president
we've had in modern history he's
available he looked good and so you know
that the minute Trump looks good they
have to find a scandal and what was the
scandal one of the reporters said to him
why haven't we heard from you about the
four soldiers who died in Niger and
Trump took that to mean he got kind of
defensive and he took that to mean why
haven't you contacted the families of
the people I mean I think the reporter
was actually asking about the event why
haven't you addressed these four
soldiers death but Trump took it to mean
this thing and he said you know I don't
always call other presidents don't
always call but he didn't say always he
said other presidents Obama and Bush
didn't call the press goes insane I mean
because this this whole thing is they
always take he's very inarticulate and
he's got a big mouth and they always
take whatever he says in the worst
possible way that is their trick it is
their one it's like they're like a dog
who knows one trick they take what he
says if he says oh there were good
people you know
good people protesting the taking down
of statutes oh he meant that there were
good people in the neo-nazi so they do
this to him all the time so they now say
what a whore a horrific lie somebody one
of the one of Obama's a so this man is
an animal is just an animal he's just
saying these horrible things because of
course Obama and and President Bush did
occasionally call people usually they
send letters they you know there's
nothing a president cannot contact
personally every gold star family would
that he could but he can't all right now
this absolutely horrible woman this
what's her name Frederick Frederico
Wilson Florida congresswoman she comes
out and she she says she was listening
in on a call the Trump then made to the
parents of one of the soldiers who died
in night Niger so the David Johnson and
she said oh he was insensitive he said
he knew what he was signing up for he
knew you know as if as if Trump were
saying yeah well you know he knew what
he was signing up for there which
obviously what he was saying is every
soldier who joins knows he's doing
something dangerous but when the worst
comes is still as bad and the press just
runs with this horrible woman spread he
taking politicizing this condolence call
that the president is making just it's
just dreadful I mean what they did was
just dreadful and finally and and Trump
at one point says you know why don't you
ask John Kelly his chief of staff and a
general who also a gold store star
father why don't just John Kelly if
Obama called him when his son stepped on
a mine was killed in Afghanistan and
then suddenly the press is saying he's
politicizing the death of a soldier
after they've spent all week
politicizing this this issue they now
accused Donald Trump of politicizing
then Kelly who everybody kind of
respects and likes and he's just one of
the more attractive members of the bush
team he gets he gets up and he just he
slaps her and he slaps the press and he
gives us very emotional speech that just
made the press look like garbage here's
a little just a little excerpt it stuns
me that a member of Congress would have
listened in on that conversation
absolutely stuns me and I thought at
least that was sacred when I was a kid
growing up a lot of things were sacred
in our country women were sacred and
looked upon with great honor that's
obviously not the case anymore as
received from recent cases life the
dignity of life was sacred that's gone
religion that seems to be gone as well
gold star families I think that left in
the convention over the summer I just
thought the selfless devotion that
brings a man or woman to die in the
battlefield I just thought that that
might be sacred when I listen to this
woman and what she was saying and what
she was doing on TV the only thing I
could do to collect my thoughts was to
go and walk among the finest men and
women on this earth you can always find
them because they're in Arlington
National Cemetery
so it basically pantsed the Mediate old
their pants down they just look
embarrassed so remember when when trump
attacked kaiser coun con the Goldstar
parent at the democratic convention
and that's what kelly was referring to
when he said gold star parents are no
longer held sacred so he was he was
taking a little slap at his boss there
but remember that that was the worst how
could donald trump do this and suddenly
john kelly also a gold star father
suddenly that the new yorker they say he
was using the language of a military
coup tom friedman the big chief knuckle
head at knuckle head row at the new york
times a former newspaper he says he
sacrificed his moral authority there all
you know they saw and lawrence O'Donnell
called him racist for attacking
fredericka wasn't this woman's horrible
this is a horrible person
no she's tied up carefully as a
congresswoman she's just doing a
terrible thing but she was the worst she
came out and she's begins to say oh this
is a scandal that these soldiers thought
it is Trump's Benghazi listen to this
what he needs to be doing is watching
because this is his Benghazi
see la David was separate from the rest
of the group for two days 48 hours
why was he kidnapped why did those
soldiers not have armored trucks why did
they have weapons that were less than
Boko Haram and Isis why were they not
protected how were they able how were
they able to be overrun by terrorists
when they're there to train the army
they didn't go there to fight this is
mr. Trump's Benghazi and all of this
about the widow is just a cover-up yeah
and why did the flag on the moon wave
you know what that what's going on with
that I want to know and how come how did
that steel melt enough you know I mean
that's the it's the voice of conspiracy
but what struck me about this is
scandals become these catch words
Watergate Katrina you know
Chappaquiddick Benghazi and of course
people forget what they were what they
actually were because not only do we not
follow every step of the news but but
once the scandal gets started people
start throwing stuff at the wall to see
if it sticks and it gets very confusing
so I would like to go back for the next
couple of minutes and we'll bring on
Michael Knowles after the break if
you're watching on YouTube or Facebook
you'll have to come over to the Daily
wire calm and listen to the rest if you
subscribe for a lousy ten bucks a month
you could just watch the whole thing on
The Daily wire and get that drink in the
Knowles Knowles ition Asst of Knowles
right there without having to turn to
plus if you subscribe for a year for 100
lousy bucks you get the leftist tears
mug which as I could proceed is going to
fill up magically with leftist tears
because I want to go back and look at
Benghazi just so you know why this was a
big fuss if you remember if you go back
Jon Stewart was making fun of Fox News
during Benghazi for trying to make it a
big deal the New York Times was report
it was reliably reporting the lies of
the Obama administration while Fox News
was breaking the actual
why is this a scandal and it's not what
you think because a lot of the things
that were sensational that they didn't
send help and all this stuff some of
this stuff was yeah they were right wing
talking points but there's a reason this
is a big big deal okay and let's compare
that to what happened in Niger which is
four soldiers got killed the Arab Spring
you remember the Arab Spring when
suddenly all because of what Bush did in
Iraq suddenly all these people were
saying hey you know maybe we should be
free and Barack Obama mishandled this
from beginning to end but the most
important place he mishandled it was in
Libya okay in that this I'm gonna read
this from the New York Times because
this is actually because what the New
York Times always does is they always
eventually get the truth it was
eventually write these stories but they
do it when it doesn't matter anymore and
they sometimes bury if they put in their
magazine or something in the throes of
the Arab Spring Colonel Minh Moe Meyer
el Qaddafi was facing a furious revolt
by Libyans determined to end his
quixotic 42 year rule and let me stop
here for a minute and say that Qaddafi
was a terrible guy he was a dictator he
was a terrorist
supported terrorism but but when bush
scared him so badly when he went into
Iraq that he gave up his weapons program
his weapons of mass destruction and he
became a sort of a lie you know one of
those guys who's not as bad as he used
to be so he he became sort of our pet
crazy man alright so the dictators
forces were approaching Benghazi The
Crucible of the rebellion and
threatening a bloodbath France and
Britain were urging the United States to
join them in a military campaign to halt
Colonel Gaddafi's troops and now the
Arab League too was calling for action
but President Obama didn't want to go he
was deeply wary of another military
venture in a Muslim country the most of
his senior advisors were telling him to
stay out but he sent mrs. Clinton to
listen to a guy named gibreel the leader
of the Libyan opposition and she was won
over mrs. Clinton was won over and she
said the the opposition leaders had all
the right things about supporting
democracy and inclusivity and building
Libyan institutions and all this stuff
and she came back and she convinced
Obama okay
mr. Obama's defense secretary Robert M
Gates would later say that in a 51 to 49
decision it was mr. mrs. Clinton support
that
put the ambivalent president over the
line so Secretary of State Hillary
Clinton sold to Obama that we should
bomb the Gaddafi's forces and help him
to get overthrown okay the consequences
would be far more far-reaching than
anyone imagined well let's let's say so
he was overthrown and he was killed
and remember Hillary in this famous clip
it's only a couple of seconds got number
seven bragged about her role in getting
rid of Qaddafi okay we can't we can't we
need we saw he died okay hahaha
unfortunately things didn't go as she
must have told the president they were
gonna go after all the talk about
democracy and everything was gonna be
great Libya became a failed state it
descended into absolute chaos terrorists
came rushing in Isis came rushing in and
all of the weapons that Qaddafi had
stored went out into the world including
to Niger so they were helping all those
neighboring countries are helping the
terrorists in all those neighboring
countries Obama later admitted to Chris
Wallace that this was the worst mistake
of his administration worse mistake
probably failing to plan for the day
after what I think was the right thing
to do in intervening in Libya okay so
remember this right Hillary Clinton goes
in and she says let's do this Obama does
it and then Libya goes down the drain
and becomes part of this this failed
area now because remember Obama also
pulled out of Iraq too soon and let the
you know Isis thrive there I mean Obama
blew this he blew the Arab Spring
there's just no question about it and
you can say well Bush shouldn't have
gone in there in the first place fine
but Bush was gone and Obama was in all
right things get worse and worse in
Libya red this is the terrorism is
building and our ambassador Chris
Stevens is have I got his name right I
got a I want to make sure I don't
yeah is is repeatedly calling this
ambassador Chris Stevens is repeatedly
calling for more security for our
outposts especially in Benghazi later
after this was all over CBS would report
that that they had the documents that
showed it time and time again he was
calling for reinforcements so that's the
CBS coverage which is 12
ambassador Stevens personally pressed
for strength and security in a series of
cables to State Department headquarters
in Washington on July 9th 2012
Stevens sent a request for extension of
temporary duty personnel that refers to
a 16 man military temporary security
team with expertise in counterterrorism
they were set to leave in August but
Stevens asked to keep them through
mid-september on August 2nd six weeks
before he died Stevens requested
protective detail bodyguard positions
saying the added guards will fill the
vacuum of security personnel currently
at post who will be leaving within the
next month and will not be replaced he
called the security condition in Libya
unpredictable volatile and violent it's
not known what happened to that request
on August 8 as the special security
teams left Libya another cable from
Stevens says a series of violent
incidents has dominated the political
landscape and caused them targeted and
discriminative n on September 11 the day
the Ambassador lost his life he sent
this Benghazi weekly report it expressed
Libyans growing frustration with police
and security forces who were too weak to
keep the country secure okay now all
these calls from help went unanswered
right so now we've got Hillary's as
Secretary of State a major major major
miscalculation okay let's call it a
miscalculation Obama's malfeasance he
says the worst mistake of my presidency
by Obama's own admission was letting
this state descend into terrorism and
chaos and just become a failed state
later on when they started to
investigate this so help me this is true
Hilary said oh when Christina believe
this Hilary said oh when Chris Stephens
was begging us for security help he was
kidding that hilarious Chris that one
thing we loved about Chris was his sense
of humor just play this clip this is
clip number 13 this is representing
Hilary why didn't you answer the call
for help he emailed to a reporting
officer who we know was in Benghazi
still he wrote interesting has security
improved in Benghazi in recent weeks
also curious what you guys decided to do
regarding future of the compound he was
in Washington DC or back in the states
during that time and in December
ambassador Stevens your soon-to-be
ambassador didn't know what was gonna
happen with the compound in Benghazi how
is that possible well congresswoman one
of the great attributes that Chris
Stevens had was a really good sense of
humor and I just see him smiling as he's
typing this because it is clearly in
response to the email down below talking
about picking up a few quote fire sale
items from the Brits items by the way
fire sale items are barricades that's
right your additional that's right yes
for security for the compound that's
what that fire sale was because we
weren't providing enough physical
security for the compound funny old
Chris you know Chris he was always
calling for help when we were just laugh
and laugh and laugh I mean the the
corruption and dishonesty bleed it comes
off it comes off er like a fog it
reminds me of Pigpen in the peanuts
cartoon always that that cloud of dust
surround the car out of corruption
surround the air and then the tragic
horrible Benghazi attack occurred and
we're gonna talk about that in a minute
but I got a break from YouTube and
Facebook come on over to the Daily wire
calm you can listen to the rest of the
show while you're there subscribe for a
lousy ten bucks a month and you can
watch the whole thing right on
okay so then the attack occurs terrible
terrible attack that compound has
breached the security guys former Navy
SEALs are fighting courageously without
any help and nobody's sending any help
now obviously on the right we on the
right made a lot of you know hay out of
the fact that they didn't send help and
I'm not gonna go into that it's a
separate scandal you know that that
there wasn't they weren't ready and they
didn't send the help but I don't think
it was any kind of a you know a plot or
anything like that it was just mal it
was just it was just incompetence it was
an incompetent administration and I I
don't know that for a fact I just don't
know the answers there so I'm gonna
leave it but the fact is no help came
our ambassador first ambassador to be
killed since 1979 was killed one of the
staffers these two incredibly courageous
security guys who were former Navy SEALs
were killed and Stevens was apparently
tortured dragged out and tortured and
killed no no one came no help came all
right so now Obama has got this problem
right because Obama is running for
re-election this is in a lead-up up to
the his election campaign and he has
been making one promise one campaign
claim over and over and over again
which is that he is winning the war on
terror and al-qaeda as he keeps saying
over and over again is decimated now he
didn't mean decimated that means like
one out of every ten of them was killed
but hey but he meant was they had been
destroyed here's a quick montage number
18 there should be no doubt today
America is stronger and al Qaeda is on
the path to defeat we've decimated al
Qaeda's leadership al Qaeda is on the
path to defeat and bin Laden is dead
we've decimated al Qaeda central we have
eliminated Osama bin Laden al Qaeda is
much weaker than it was when I came into
office Osama bin Laden is dead and
General Motors is alive the war in
Afghanistan is coming to a close
al Qaeda is on the path to defeat Osama
bin Laden is dead so that was the
campaign rhetoric all right and he's
running for re-election and it you know
people didn't know remember the polls
were closed you know we were kind of
hoping Mitt Romney was doing better than
he was but still the polls the polls
looked a lot closer than then it turned
out to be and this is his claim that he
has been a good war president when in
fact these chickens of what he himself
called his greatest mistake have come
home to roost in Benghazi in a terrorist
attack so what does he do there was a
couple of days before in Cairo there had
been some unrest that apparently was
sparked by some stupid video some guy
put out in YouTube and so he uses this
as an excuse now the New York Times is
reporting this is the cause that this
video is the cause of the man Ghazi
think only at Fox News are the saying
wait a minute that's not what happened
this is not what happened but but
they're and they're making everybody on
the left is making fun of Fox News you
remember I'm sure that during this
campaign Mitt Romney that MIT Romney
said to Obama you didn't say it was a
terrorist attack
basically you lied you said it was this
video and Candy Crowley of CNN breaks
into the debate to say no no the
president would never do such a thing as
that listen to this because it took the
president 14 days before he called the
attack in Benghazi an act of terror yet
the transfer he did in fact sir so let
me let me call it an act he did call an
act of terror it did as well take it did
as well take two weeks or so for the
whole idea of there being a riot out
there about this tape but to come out
you're the administration the
administration indicated that this was a
a reaction to a to a video and was a
spontaneous reaction it took them a long
time to say this was a terrorist act by
a terrorist group okay
that's CNN have you seen CNN's new ad
let's let's play cns pause for just a
minute here and place CNN's new
this is an apple some people might try
to tell you that it's a banana
they might scream banana banana banana
over and over and over again they might
put banana in all caps you might even
start to believe that this is a banana
but it's not this is an apple
yeah okay so there was CNN's Candy
Crowley telling Mitt Romney that the
Apple was a banana let's take a look at
the banana here's the ad the Obama
administration is ad I ever saw this is
the the Obama administration let's see
their official claims and this is Obama
first and then his aptly named spokesman
Jay Carney number 10 since our founding
the United States has been a nation that
respects all faiths we reject all
efforts to denigrate the religious
beliefs of others but there is
absolutely no justification to this type
of senseless violence none the world
must stand together to unequivocally
reject these brutal acts this is a
fairly volatile situation and it is in
response not to United States policy not
to obviously the administration not to
the American people it is in response to
a video a film that we have judged to be
reprehensible and disgusting that in no
way justifies any violent reaction to it
but this is not a case of protests
directed at the United States writ large
or at US policy this is in response to a
video that is offensive all right and
here is Obama on the 18th of September
right so that's seven days later on the
David Letterman Show this is the most
the clearest statement that he made that
I can find on the David Letterman Show
here's what happened you had a video
that was released by somebody who lives
here sort of a shadowy character who is
extremely offensive video directed at
the at Muhammad and Islam making fun of
the Prophet Megan making fun of the
Prophet Mohammed and so this caused
great offence in much of the Muslim
world but what also happened was
extremists and terrorists used this as
an excuse
to attack a variety of our embassies
including the one the consulate in Libya
okay so remember the real story the real
story is Hillary Clinton gave Obama bad
advice Obama took that advice after to
get rid of Qaddafi after getting rid of
Qaddafi he did nothing to stop the state
of the country of Libya from failing as
a failed state and becoming a terrorist
stronghold
again and again Chris Stevens called for
help no help was given call for more
security no security was given this was
a major major failure of this
administration during his campaign for
re-election so they lied and lied in lie
they sent Susan Rice the ambassador to
the UN ouch on five different talk shows
she lied in lie tonight but the worst
was Hillary standing in front of the
caskets of the dead and making this
statement we've seen rage and violence
directed at American embassies over an
aweful Internet video that we had
nothing to do with it is hard for the
American people to make sense of that
because it is senseless and it is
totally unacceptable and and I just want
to mention that the video maker a Coptic
Christian named that Nakula an Akula who
was kind of a VA's kind of a kooky guy
put up a video and all this stuff about
the Mohamed and all this he was arrested
on parole for parole violation he's now
the last I heard from him he was
homeless he's received death threats I
mean they just destroyed this guy's life
for putting up a video that had nothing
to do with their failure their
malfeasance so finally let us answer I
mean the most famous cut of all of
course is that when Hillary was finally
pressured was finally put on the on the
hot seat was finally accused of the lie
she had told and told and told and this
was for reaction and we were misled that
they were supposedly protests and then
something sprang out of that an assault
sprang out of that and that was easily
obtained the dad was not the fat but the
American people could have known that
within days and they didn't know it with
all due respect the fact is we had four
Dead Americans was it because of a
protest or was it
cuz of guys out for a walk one night I
decided they'd go kill some Americans
what difference at this point does it
make here's the difference here's the
difference this was a major policy
failure that was part of a major policy
failure it was a major policy failure
that was part of a major failure of
vision and ideas in the Obama
administration connected to the fact
that they could not bring themselves to
admit that Islamism was a philosophy
that grew out of this religion and had
nothing to do with us our bad acts that
this was not America's fault I mean this
was a failure and they lied and lied
about it to get their guy reelected it
was a corrupt administration this was a
corrupt woman every time the news media
says boo-hoo-hoo we got Donald Trump
instead of Hillary Clinton that's who we
voted against that's who Trump beat they
beat this woman who just lied and lied
over the bodies of the dead and Obama
too was just as guilty as she was he's a
little bit better at hiding his
fingerprints but he's just the same so
what about Niger what's happening in
Niger at Niger is basically a stable
state although a lot of the of Gaddafi's
weapons went into Niger as well as other
places Niger is not a terrorist hotbed
right now but there is terrorist
activity there book o haram and we have
guys in there we have a thousand a
fairly large number of guys in there
they don't drive around in armored
vehicles to answer Frederico Wilson's
question because nobody drives around
there an army that's just an
advertisement saying please kill me you
know they drive around in trucks these
are places with bad roads what's her
name Rachel Maddow had some theory that
because of Trump's travel ban that some
military pulled out of some place like
750 miles away from where these guys
were killed that's like a day and a half
away they were that was not help that
was coming like in Benghazi this has
nothing to do with it are there
questions absolutely there are open
questions should we be there can we be
there all these things Lindsey Graham
said it best though Lindsey Graham was
answering Chuck Todd and this is a cut
number three just why we have guys all
over the place because this Chuck Todd
says we have now that now that finally
Trump's guys have defeated Isis finally
have annihilated Isis by
changing their strategy now all these
guys are going off into the various
countries and we're chasing them down
and this is Lindsey Graham telling it
like it is it's a generational struggle
if you don't think it's a generational
struggle you don't understand the war if
you think it's limited to the Mideast
you don't understand the the theology it
is spreading throughout the world
particularly Africa and if you think is
going to be done in a short period of
time or if you can't if you take off
means of how you fight this war if
there's an authorization to use force
tomorrow that limited the war based on
time geography means how to vote against
it because the war is now morphing is
going to places that we haven't heard of
before to the American people we're
going to follow the terrorists wherever
they go we're going to use whatever
means we need to with partners to
destroy them and whatever time it takes
it takes and most people are not ready
for that but I am so basically because
Trump and Madison have deprived the
Islamic state of the Islamic state that
they had set up because they have chased
them out and now they're basically
operating out of a trench because of
that these terrorists are spreading all
over the world we know this was the new
this was gonna happen this is not a
state we're fighting it's an ideology
we're gonna have to kill them where they
go there's nothing to do with Benghazi
Benghazi is about the fact is about the
fact that Obama blew the Arab Spring and
Hillary Clinton helped him cover it up
so he would get reelected
that's what Benghazi is about when you
have a scandal like that bring it to me
and I'll admit it's Trump's Benghazi
until then until then all you've got is
four heroes dead and a press that has
lost its ever-loving mind
let's bring on Michael Knowles wait
aren't you the star of another Kingdom
you must get this all the time you must
this must happen deal walking up and
down Sunset Boulevard Hollywood
Boulevard this week in a bathrobe it's
all I can't I gotta get the people off
we were a best-seller on the arts list
of the three I was I was like absolutely
stunned as women great one I'm really
stunned because not to just directly and
sole to all of our friends and family
and audience but conservatives usually
or Philistines on the culture yeah they
don't let you know we don't read myself
I don't read a lot of fiction books I
don't read nearly as much as I should
and I just read history or philosophy or
whatever and the story is doing great
we've got hundreds of reviews up there
all mostly five-star some jerk like
Rachel Maddow or something gave us one
bad review but almost all of five stars
they've been all five stars literally
with one exception I think it's the guy
who wrote the Democrat blank book but
the reviews of your performance are
Spector I'm telling you stick with me
kid I will make you a star it is it is
really funny when people ask me like how
do you get into Hollywood I you know I
have auditioned I've done these indie
movies and plays in New York and LA but
no not that what you need to do is go
directly for conservative media and
that's how you break in to show us we're
killing them we're killing another
Kingdom subscribe on iTunes right that's
what we need people subscribe on iTunes
or stitcher or Google Play and if you
can leave a review that does really help
and and it's it's great because
Hollywood is just in rubble in every one
one of these awful edifices that the
left has just inhabited and destroyed is
laying on the ground and now
conservative art and culture gets to
come in and and they can't stop us
anymore we're picking them off like the
Flies they are that's so I've been I've
been complaining about the press and not
just the press I mean the Democrats all
this trying to create this conspiracy
but Donald Trump is promising to release
or saying he will release the last of
the JFK papers another left-wing
conspiracy that is not what people think
it is is that finally we have three days
October 26 is the deadline we're going
to learn the truth this is based on a
1992 law that sought to quell some of
these conspiracy theories obviously we
know what happened the Warren Commission
concluded it was Ted Cruz's father
exactly the Kenya connection is a little
shared still but there are you know that
the day after the assassination there
was a front-page story on the New York
Times which blamed quote this was by
James Reston it blamed quote the streak
of violence in the American character it
said the violence of the extremists on
the right rather talk about this climate
of hate and we know what happened to
communist to killed an anti-communist
that's basically it right I mean he was
he was a staunch John JFK was a staunch
cold warrior he was I wish we don't have
the clip but I mean there were actually
too many clips to play yeah we know that
he said that they'll bear any burden pay
any price for liberty he goes to Berlin
and openly mocks the Soviet Union and
says we stand with you we stand for
liberty he might have called himself a
jelly donut I'll leave that to the
linguists and he predicted this guy was
so by modern standards conservative and
Republican he called for tax cuts to
stimulate the economy and to add more
revenue to the government so he actually
predicted the Laffer curve and
Reaganomics about two decades before he
wanted to practice is amazing and when
you listen to his speeches today he
sounds like he sounds like Donald Trump
I mean a lot classier than Donald Trump
he had a lot maybe was a lot more
articulate than the Trump maybe I don't
know I saw the Access Hollywood tape but
I've read some of those FBI files in JFK
yeah he was not well but hey that's not
a will be but and Lee Harvey Oswald was
a communist here's what we know about
Oswald this is it when you read the it's
almost amazing than any conspiracy
theory could crop up we know that Oswald
went in October 1959 he went to the
Soviet Union he asked to become a Soviet
citizen he went to the Embassy there he
begged to become a citizen every Soviet
guide that he talked to he bet he said
he wanted to renounce his American
citizenship become a Soviet it became a
major headline actually because a former
US Marine tried to defect to the Soviet
Union we know that he he attempted to
kill u.s. Major General Edwin Walker we
know this from his his widow we we know
that he did that because Walker was a
member of the John Birch Society he was
an outspoken anti-communist he was
clearly on the right and we know that
weeks before
the JFK assassination Oswald took a
six-day trip to Mexico where he met with
Soviet and Cuban officials and we know
that the CIA had him under pretty
significant surveillance FBI documents
suggest he spoke openly about wanting to
kill Kennedy that's what we know and I
mean it's not the whole conspiracy is
invented out of whole it's kind of like
it's kind of like the the truthers stuff
about the 9/11 basically it's because
people couldn't accept the fact that
Islam was really Islamism was really as
bad as it was they couldn't accept that
the communism that they had basically
supported I mean cuz remember a lot of
these left-wing journalists were
communists before they kind of caught on
and they were still mollycoddling the
Soviet Union and saying that anybody who
saw that there were communists in the
State Department was on McCarthyite and
all this stuff they got caught basically
they got caught they're their hero
president was killed by one of the guys
they kind of thought were okay it's like
the principle of cognitive dissonance
they you know when when there's a
discrepancy between your thought and
your behavior between the facts that
you're presented and the behavior that
you want to enact you have to just
convince yourself that the facts are
wrong so they're there they're obviously
openly somewhat supportive of communism
we're a supportive of Islam they don't
want to acknowledge a problem so they
have to convince themselves of these
absurd stories stories that just simply
can't hold together because of the sheer
number of people that would have had to
have been involved you know there's the
famous Oliver Stone movie about JFK
what's what's the story and a communist
kills an an ardent anti-communist
there's the plot right there or there is
a conspiracy with LBJ and the forces in
Texas and I don't I'm not sure which
forces but some things it was because it
was big it was a bunch of right-wingers
because Kennedy was going to pull out of
Vietnam right Kennedy was never going to
do that was just not gonna happen he was
sending more people into Vietnam right I
mean he's largely responsible for us
getting into the quagmire in that in
that respect
anyway good reporting you know I know
you have the Michael Doyle show it's a
little thing you do on the side when
you're not doing another Kingdom
but it's coming out what are you talking
about the pretty suit so today we're
gonna be talking all about Bowe Bergdahl
we've got some excellent clips of you
know we've obviously got our Trumpy
clips but then we have people are
forgetting this it's so easy just like
Benghazi just like you were talking
about afterward it's easy to gloss over
everything and forget about the the
terrible decisions that were made at the
time that had real effects so we're
gonna talk about how Barack Obama's
awful decisions basically compromised
the lives of American soldiers put a lot
of enemies back on the battlefield and
and because it was intentional I always
knew you were a racist so you just don't
like them cuz you must black alright
Michael oh it's great talking to you as
always I'll talk to you later alright
sit our crappy culture
where do you get that music what is that
it's good it's crappy culture music so
let me just start off talking about
briefly about megyn kelly okay I mean
megyn kelly some people hated her you
know she was never a reliable right
winger she was always on but but she had
a reputation for being a hard sardonic
interviewer I have seen her take people
apart on her show she was a tough you
know you know she was a tough interview
and all this stuff she gets hired by the
mainstream media what is it what is
today CBS or NBC or where she okay and
visa she gets twenty three million
dollars yeah okay and she gets twenty
three million dollar contract which is
more than most of their big people yet
right and she goes out and her ratings
are absolutely dying her Ritchie is just
dying because they won't wouldn't let
her do the stuff that she was doing
basically and they tried to kind of make
her more mainstream now she has been
reduced to having more pop figures this
is a woman I do not know how to
pronounce her name because I never watch
this kind of stuff it's Hoda Kotb Zydeco
copy copy okay she comes on her show and
this is the segment where they're trying
to make Megan more likable know what I'd
like to do to feel good I mean you know
when you you want when you want to be
really that too
I think we do know we do know the answer
the answer is if it's not kids it's not
the booze
sometimes it's music you are
okay that's sad right that's but but it
is indicative of a bigger point that has
to do with our crappy culture you know
cuz Bret Stevens went over the New York
Times he hated Trump so much that he
basically voted for Hillary Clinton left
The Wall Street Journal went over the
New York Times and now he is not being
kind of like twisted around and every
time he says something that the New York
Times readers don't like it becomes a
big scandal if he doesn't sign on a
hundred percent to global warming
hysteria and all this stuff John Nolte
our Palvin alternator over it was now
formerly of The Daily wire but is now
back at the Breitbart he wrote a piece
about the NFL and about how the NFL came
to believe that this false reality that
the left creates that the country is
left-wing this is what Nolte says he
says thanks to george w bush's terrible
second term - unbelievably awful
republican opponents in John McCain and
Mitt Romney not to mention the charisma
and impressive political skills as the
most left-wing senator in the country
Barry Obama won two national elections
and did so by impressive margins the
problem is that America's so-called
smart people misread these victories and
by smart people I am of course
sarcastically referring to Democrats the
imbecilic Republican establishment and
the corrupt national media all of whom
deluded themselves into believing that
Obama's victory meant that the country
had not just moved to the left but to
the far left I have seen this again and
again in publishing in TV they will not
speak to the Trump voter because they
believe he is an anomaly he they believe
he is a dying beast they believe he's an
idiot they believe he's a fool and I'm
not talking about the guy who says
everything Trump does is great or
anything like that I'm talking about the
guy who says you know I said I wrote a
piece this weekend where I said you know
I I don't like Trump Trump's personal
style I don't like the bullying I don't
like the bigmouth ism but but when I
look at him the great judicial
nominations the taming of the regulatory
state the restoration of the rule of law
at the border leaving the Paris Accord
the annihilation of Isis you know the
guys
he's getting a lot of stuff done and if
he starts to get some laws passed that
is going to help as well this illusion
that you have to take megyn kelly off
Fox News but not let her be Fox News
though the things that to Fox News does
so successfully can't survive what they
think is it can't survive out of the Fox
News bubble but they don't understand
Fox News is not in the bubble they're in
the bubble most people want to see
people stand see their sports figures
stand for the national anthem for
instance most people don't want to hear
George Clooney tell them who they should
have voted for as a Midwestern mechanic
because George Clooney doesn't know
about the life of a Midwestern mechanic
and a Midwestern mechanic may make
better decisions about what he needs
politically than George Clooney these
guys are living so in the bubble that
they think it's the world and they
destroy people like megyn kelly who
reached for the golden apple of
mainstream approval and find that they
are not going to be allowed to be who
they are
because the the mainstream people do not
believe in them and they destroy them
they destroy them it's just not worth it
we let them live in the bubble the
bubble will get smaller and smaller and
smaller we here at the Daily wire are
the future collectin this is the Andrew
Clavin show Rob long is going to be with
us tomorrow don't miss it and stay tuned
for Michael Knowles I'll see you
tomorrow
you
