you know in the past once every month I
would make a visit to my favorite
website everyday feminism I would make
cheap jokes about how reading the sites
lunatic intersectional ravings once a
month was comparable to a woman having
her period because it made me feel
cranky and out of sorts then I picked
some blog post by some poor neurotic
leftist and mock her desperate attempts
to solve her in her pain by blaming
white men for her troubles instead of
taking responsibility for herself well
this month I'm going to do all that
again this month on everyday feminism we
find an actual heterosexual male named
Jaime utt who keyboards a masterpiece
entitled common behaviors sis men may
not realize are abusive and how to stop
them I know all you sis men out there
will be very eager to hear how Jaime OTT
thinks you should change your masculine
behavior to be less masculine because
that's what America needs today less
masculinity Jamiat reports that he and
his girlfriend listen to some irritating
TED talk telling men to be nicer to
their women as if we weren't already
doing everything we could under the
circumstances of you know living with
women sheesh anyway after the TED talk
Jaime
OTT and his girlfriend got into an
argument and Jaime odd got so angry he
slammed his hands down on the table
scaring his girlfriend now
I actually agree that this is no way to
behave and you should correct this sort
of behavior by finding a girlfriend who
isn't so damned annoying Jaime out of
course had different suggestions this is
what he thinks usus men should do one
you should eliminate oppressive language
by not using what he calls the B word
the C word or the F word with your
girlfriend now they probably don't know
this at everyday feminism but this is
called being a gentleman and it only
really works if your girlfriend is a
lady and is also not using the B word
the C word and the F word to Jamie up
thinks you sis men should take time to
reflect on your emotions and how you can
express them in healthier ways this is
called being a woman and I don't
recommend you try it at home unless you
know you're a woman 3 Jamie wants you
meant
cultivate relationships with other men
that challenge normative masculinity
Jamiat writes quote what would it look
like for all men to cultivate
relationships with other men that are
built on care love affection
accountability and feminist values
unquote obviously it would look like a
gay bathhouse so don't do this and
unless you happen to be gay and in a
bathhouse then carry on and for Jamie
wants men to learn to listen and
something else I didn't actually read
this part
I hope this posted every day feminism
has helped all usus men out there by
giving you a good laugh oh and here's
one more tip for me personally stop
calling yourself sis men it sounds girly
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
you can watch the Andrew Clavin show
right here at the Daily wire Monday
through Thursday
