Donald Trump is on the March just
minutes ago he signed an executive order
that could blow up Obamacare and the
left is going nuts we're really sorry to
hear that we hate when the left goes
nuts we want them to be as happy as they
can possibly be I'm lying serial abusers
steven crowder will come on and talk
about Harvey Weinstein if we can get get
him parole and Harvey Weinstein has been
spoken out for himself about his these
encounters he keeps having with women in
the shower and he even released a video
to show it's all very perfectly harmless
here it is trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
and this this week shot by I mean I
cannot believe it is already the
Cleveland this weekend is already a part
no but no it's not no it's not another
Kingdom if we are if the devil does not
stop us another Kingdom will be released
tomorrow me and Michael Knowles have put
together a fictional podcast a story
Knowles performs it I wrote it and we're
releasing it on ricochet because it's
full filled with bad language and sex
and violence and we didn't want to put
it here where we know that decent people
come you know also on Tuesday October
17th at 5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m. Pacific
our second episode of the conversation
is coming up and it features says right
here The Daily wires own Andrew Clavin
oh wait that's me it's hosted by Alicia
Krause I get to see the Alicia Krause I
love Alicia cross and all the mysteries
of the universe will be solved and all
of your life's questions will be
answered as we livestream on both the
daily wire Facebook page and YouTube
channel everyone can watch but only
subscribers can ask the questions and as
you know when I answer your questions
the answers are guaranteed a hundred
percent correct and will change your
life every now and again for the better
you know I have to actually you know I
started this this week I read this thing
by a guy named Andrew Artega he put up a
beautiful beautiful Facebook post about
how he found Christ and suddenly he was
so happy and all this stuff and he said
he had read all this stuff even Andrew
Klavan and I was kind of teasing him and
he went on he went on in dear podcast
his own pot I don't know it's called the
rational rise he's Australian and he
went on and he hold up my book and he
was he was laughing about it too but he
said he meant it as a compliment and he
said this about my book the great good
thing listen to this I found this
actually very touching honestly the the
internal experience that came after
finishing this book and hearing about
the epiphanies and the awakening of this
man who I believe thinks about it very
similarly to me from the way he
describes it and who was staunchly
rational and really didn't want to go to
these places that seem irrational
to to experience his journey must have
been the final push for me because after
I read this I had another massive
spiritual experience and and it lasted
for days and and that was when I finally
said to myself all right
Jesus yours you know read my book had a
massive spiritual experience that lasted
four days do not let this happen to you
the great good thing but enough about me
let's talk about watches
movement is making these beautiful
beautiful watches and they are they're
just a fraction of the price of this
kind of watch this elegant watch that
you would find in a store it would cost
you I don't know it probably cost you up
to $400 maybe even more these start at
95 bucks and they really are nice
they're really nice movement is spelled
m/v MT that's how they save money as
they leave the vowels out and that's why
they can sell the washes so cheap or
maybe it's something else
I have one everywhere I go people notice
it it is really flashy it's not flashy
it's very very modern very modern kind
of a very simple basic beautiful things
it was made by two guys these two guys
were just sitting around they have the
exact same problem I have which is I
love timepieces but I it's just not what
I want to spend all my money on you know
I mean I it's like it there's just
something about it it stops me I think
like that's just too much the way they
charge for watches it's just too much
but I do love a good watch go on their
site movement em the em t.com go on
their site you can get 15% off today
with free shipping and free returns m/v
MT dot-com / Andrew movement comm /
Andrew and that'll get you the 15% off
and I'll also tell them that we sent you
which is really helpful for us the watch
has a beautiful clean design it makes a
great fashion statement and it won't
cost you anything like it would in if
you went and got it in a store now is
the time to step up your watch game go
to movement comm / Andrew MVM t-dot-com
/ Andrew join the movement or join the
moon
without the bells so you know this thing
with Trump was just happened it would
happen as I was driving in I can't give
you a really deep analysis but he has
signed this executive order that will
open up that he it paves the way for
opening up the health care market which
the left says will destroy Obamacare in
which the right says will destroy
Obamacare but the right says it with a
big smile on their face let's hear just
a little bit of his speech this morning
this order takes first steps to make it
easier for businesses to help their
workers afford high-quality and more
flexible health care through
reimbursement accounts with these
actions we are moving toward lower costs
and more options in the healthcare
market and taking crucial steps towards
saving the American people from the
nightmare of Obamacare today is only the
beginning in the coming months we plan
to take new measures to provide our
people with even more relief and more
freedom and by the way on another
subject that will include massive tax
cuts we are going to get massive tax
cuts and I believe even Senator Rand
Paul and I know Virginia Gregg I think
you're with us but the whole country is
looking for these massive tax cuts and
we will get them and we're going to also
pressure Congress very strongly to
finish the repeal and the replace of
Obamacare once and for all we will have
great health care in our country so
basically as I say this is happening
it's happened as I was driving into work
so I don't have a you know can't give
you a full analysis basically what he's
saying is they're starting the process a
study process to allow small businesses
to get together and get their own kinds
of health care plans that don't fulfill
all the requirements of Obamacare to be
able to buy health insurance over state
lines all these things that kind of open
up the market and what the left is
saying
is that oh this is a sabotage of
Obamacare first of all that's the first
joke that it's a sabotage of Obamacare
because Obamacare is is imploding it's
going the prices are going through the
roof but they don't care about that
because the point of Obamacare is to
force healthy young people to buy
insurance they don't need so that they
can cut down the prices for people who
are older and sick right now and have
what they call pre-existing conditions
which is it's silly you can't insure
somebody against a pre-existing
condition that's not how the insurance
business works so basically they put
this mandate on buying health care where
they tax you as they call it they
penalize you if you don't buy the health
care and that's supposed to force young
people to buy stuff they don't need
because what do you need when you're a
young healthy young person you know you
don't need a zillion dollars in health
insurance right away which one is
catastrophic insurance so something
terrible it happens you can get through
it and you you will be caught in the
lurch so what they were trying to do is
get every young person to pay for you
know birth control and if guys were
paying for birth control they didn't
need and all kinds of things that you
didn't need and and this will open up
that market and especially the thing
that where you can buy it across state
lines opens up the market so what the
left is saying is this is horrible
because now these young people will be
able to get the kind of insurance they
need but their money won't be going to
these older or sicker people and they're
actually they actually are saying you
know now the healthiest Americans will
have to pay less well that that's how
insurance works I mean Obama care was
built to fail Obama care was built to
fail so that people would say we need
single-payer which is government health
care so this so think about it like this
you know I I have problems with all this
stuff being done by executive action I
really hope that Congress comes along
and backs this up with some actual laws
I didn't like it when Obama does it I
don't like it when Trump does it when he
was essentially legislating with his pen
and his phone I don't like that but but
think about this if a law collapses
because you make people more free the
law was inherently bad okay that's
that's the answer so when they let
whatever the left says whatever it
complains about if a law collapses
because you make people more free the
law was bad if the law collapses because
you give people more choice
that's bad if the law collapses because
you give let allow competition and you
allow prices to go down the law was bad
so the Democrats know the law is bad the
Democrat know Democrats know the wall
stinks but what they're gonna be saying
is oh now now Obamacare is failing
because Trump sabotaged it and this is
terrible because the poor and the sick
are going to be penalized but the fact
is more freedom is a good thing and so
if the law fails because you get more
freedom than the law was bad to begin
with so I don't want to beat a dead
movie producer but I have to talk a
little bit more about Harvey Weinstein
especially before a steven crowder comes
on because I want to talk to him about
it - and if we can extradite them I
think we have the extradite dishing
process is under way and we'll hope to
bring him back from where he is in
Europe I think with Roman Polanski
hiding out yeah but but here's the thing
I've been watching the reaction and what
really disturbs me is the way the right
is reacting to the Harvey Weinstein sex
scandal because this is the way the left
wins the culture even when they lose
what they do is they get us to accuse
them of hypocrisy and by accusing them
of hypocrisy what happens is we buy into
their premises we buy into their
premises I don't buy into any of the
premises of the Harvey Weinstein sex
scandal that this is a feminist issue as
I said it's not and I'll show you what I
mean but first we did have finally the
conscience of the moral conscience of
the nation when it comes to sexual abuse
did finally come out and make a
statement the definitive moral statement
about Harvey Weinstein here's Hillary
Clinton I was I was just sick I was
shocked I was appalled it was something
that was just intolerable in every way
and you know like so many people have
come forward and spoken out this was a
different side of a person who I and
many others had known in the past would
you have called him a friend
yes I probably would have and and so
with so many others you know people in
democratic politics for a couple of
decades appreciated his help and support
and I think these stories coming to
light now and people who never spoke out
before having the courage to speak out
just clearly demonstrates that this
behavior that he engaged in cannot be
tolerated I'm shocked shocked to find
that gambling is going on in here thank
you very much because you know he asked
Fareed Zakaria who's looking at Hillary
Clinton as if like an angel has arrived
from heaven he asks the question would
you have considered him a friend that's
tough journalism left because the real
question is where you married to a guy
just like this and you hit it and you
cover it up for it also I also have to
play this Harvey Weinstein himself spoke
out as he's walking the paparazi are
surrounding him and I just love this
whole interchange because the entire
structure that has protected our v
Weinstein all these years for like it's
like 30 years he's been doing this he's
in display as he talks to the press is
obvious pals
however you do it okay thank you man we
can't to see you dude okay thank you
guys I'm not doing okay
you're not trying I gotta get help you
know what we all make mistakes second
chance
I hope okay no problem you know what
I've always been loyal to you guys
get some help man thank you yeah I've
been a good guy haven't treated not like
those other guys who treat you bad I
treat you good don't I buddy don't I a
did you get some help pal you know uh I
just want you to transpose this we all
make mistakes second chances right I
mean the guy is accused of rape multiple
rapes I just want you to think about for
a minute some 20 year old black kid from
a poor neighborhood accused of multiple
rapes multiple rapes multiple Amala
stations multiple you know times forcing
himself on women and I want you to
picture that young black guy standing in
front of the judges saying well we all
make mistakes you know wouldn't be he
wouldn't be flying to Paris for sex
addiction you know therapy and it's like
it's so I mean this is really that whole
thing with it you know with the guys
shouting to get some help pal get some
help
it's like yeah go to jail I think I
think jail is where you got to go here's
the thing that bothers me about the
Wrights reaction the right loves to
catch we all love to catch each other
the right and the left both we'd love to
catch each other in hypocrisy and it's
lots of fun and I don't want to kill
anybody's fun but the problem is a lot
of times we're accepting certain
premises of the left and then allowing
the left to own the culture and I want
to show two clips that illustrate this
each one illustrates a different way in
which we're allowing the left to claim
our culture and to basically we're
accepting their ideas of what is right
what is wrong first Jimmy Kimmel Jimmy
Kimmel as we now know is the conscience
of the nation we now know CNN told us
he's the conscience of the nation and
every time Jimmy Kimmel sheds a tear an
angel gets his wings and a new law has
to be passed and on every every tear
that falls from Jimmy Kimmel's eye you
know becomes is written into the
Constitution so to get back at Jimmy
Kimmel they put out the fact and Jimmy
Kimmel started out doing what was called
the guy show the man show the man show
and so it was about this kind of you
know let's let's all be kind of
loudmouth ordinary guys together kind of
giving it to feminism a little bit and
here he is doing a routine I think that
I can't tell whether this is from his
show or from the man show and he does
this routine where he goes it was what
they call in the business mos
man on the street he goes out to accept
his women on the street and he goes out
and he gets women to feel him up
basically because he's got something in
his pants and can they tell what it is
and here's a clip of this I've stopped
something in my pants and you're allowed
to feel around on the outside of the
pants you have 10 seconds to then guess
what is in my pants you should use two
hands two hands maybe it would be easier
if you put your mouth on a vibrator no
it is actually a zucchini with a rubber
band on it
all right now here's my pride yeah I
know you'll probably fall over dead to
hear me defending Jimmy Kimmel but Jimmy
Kimmel is a comedian he is operon
operating in a transgressive space he's
allowed to do this this is actually
perfectly good satire none of the women
are being forced to do anything they
don't have to do it you know they're
they're obviously laughing in giggling
and it's a joke and they get it it's a
joke when we accept the idea that we
can't make jokes then we are the ones
who get hit because it's our jokes that
are constantly being attacked
whenever I you know whenever I do a
monologue whenever I do a series of
jokes I'm always the guy oh you know
that it's a it's an old trick of the
left what they do is they take something
you said satirically and then they they
make you answer it as if it were a
serious remark so all the funny sexist
jokes I make all the you know racial
racial jokes I make her suddenly I'm a
racist I'm a bad guy I don't like women
and all this and then your answer hey I
was joking his satire sounds very weak
so when we do this we are actually
setting ourselves up for an attack Jimmy
Kimmel has been an absolute pain in the
neck for the last month or so with his
weeping and his you know fighting with
Donald Trump and it's not funny
and it's boorish and it's all kinds of
things this is perfectly good comedy is
it trashy comedy yes is it is it that
funny
no but does he have the right to do it
should he be called out on it I don't
think so I don't think that's a problem
here's another one where a guy is being
called out but he's being called out for
the wrong
and this is the one that really bothers
me the whole premise that of feminism is
that men are not supposed to be the
strong ones men are not supposed to have
some responsibilities to protect women
men are you know men and women are
perfectly equal and this drives me crazy
I am an anti-feminist I am NOT somebody
I you know obviously I am for people's
rights I'm an individualist as I always
say with a Venn diagram with a circle of
feminism in the circle of individualism
meat in a Venn diagram I am for feminism
in that sliver where we are supporting
individual rights because I'm an
individualist and a humanist not because
I'm a feminist but men and women are
different they are the two different
kinds that's the two different kinds of
people there are there are men and there
are women everybody else pretty much the
same so I'm able Eve that feminism is a
degrading hateful mean divisive
philosophy that has poisoned a lot of
the relationships in in ordinary
people's lives I mean that's the thing
you know some woman that the New York
Times goes around and mouths off but it
trickles down so that when you go on a
date suddenly you're in a fight and you
don't know why okay
so Ben Affleck is is now being hit the
actress Rose McGowan he said he didn't
know about Harvey Weinstein and
obviously Ben Affleck is one of the boys
and he knows about Harvey Weinstein and
Rose McGowan called him out on this and
said I heard you say that you knew about
this so you're lying so Twitter banned
Rose McGowan okay really amazing to me
is utterly amazing they banned the
actress for calling out Ben Affleck but
then of course the pylons have Ben
Affleck and they start to say hey you
know you you've done all this thing one
one woman a makeup lady named anna-marie
Tendler she's the wife of John Mulaney
affair I a funny comedian I like John
Mulaney and he says she says he grabbed
her at an awards show and they're
hitting him for this obviously drunken
interview he did I think was on MTV with
a woman named Hilaire Burton and he
basically you know he's making out with
her during the interview let's play a
little clip
I'm sorry that was not Hillary Burton
that was a different it was a different
individually different woman you know
but I actually want to talk about this
interview for a minute because the woman
is obviously playing along and Hilaire
Burton said at the time she was a kid
and she laughed to keep from crying
right so my question is this if the
woman is playing along if the woman is
laughing why is it wrong we you can see
that that's a net you know it's a
swabbie piggish way to treat anybody
obviously but you're treating a lady
like that why is it wrong for him to do
that why is it wrong for for Ben Affleck
to do it if she's playing along if she's
laughing if she's not protesting if
she's not saying help police why is it
wrong for Ben Affleck to do that well
it's wrong because he's a man and he has
a responsibility to take care of her a
little-bitty as a responsibility to
protect her it's wrong because feminism
is wrong if feminism were right he'd be
in the clear he'd be totally in the
clear what's the difference what's the
difference she's equal he's equal if
she's not gonna punch him like in the
movies and he's not gonna fly over you
know what why should he stop why should
he stop he should stop because he should
be a gentleman not a feminist I mean
this is the problem you remove
gentlemen's gentlemen from the equation
all that's left is Harvey Weinstein and
the guys who are too weak to stand up to
feminists and protect women from guys
like Harvey Weinstein so that is one of
the things that I really dislike about
the way we accept the premises of the
left in our protest because we're
suckers in such a rush to make the left
feel bad to point them out to get them
on their hypocrisy that we accept the
things that they're saying I do not
accept feminism I do not accept it I
believe that there should be gentlemen
and there should be ladies and if you
are not a lady you're not going to get
you're not
find gentlemen and if you're not a
gentleman you know you're going to be
absconded on your duty as a man to take
care of women that's I'm gonna stop
right there because after this I know
I'll get in trouble but so now the other
thing about this is of course the press
has now been caught out everybody's
picking on Donald Trump and after we
talked - have we got Crowder yet
okay well we'll have Crowder in a minute
you know everyone's talking about Donald
Trump making these comments about NBC
but NBC meanwhile has been covers been
caught essentially covering this up we
played that clip of Ronan Farrow Ronan
Farrow works for NBC but they wouldn't
run not only would they not run his
story about Harvey Weinstein but it's
coming out now it was in a lot of
different things this is from The
Huffington Post about they just made the
obstacles to his running these stories
so so hard for him to get through that
he couldn't get the story out there even
though he had the information and now
they're claiming now they're claiming
that he didn't have the information he
didn't get it let me bring on Crowder
his crowd are there because Crowder you
know can only last a while until his
meds run out and then you know he starts
to break away that's fine that's why you
see the brick walls behind and this is
harder for him to escape crowler how you
doing
they used to be padded thank you for
pointing that out a couple of things I
hate to fact-check you but I was I I was
in Montreal when that interview happened
it's like it's like the french-canadian
music risk and all those women were were
whores found glory went into a porta
potti with a VJ it's like what they call
them here but they were hosts there for
music bliss and they came out everyone
claps because she had sex with a band in
a porta potti like it's kind of Montreal
prat really this was well owned the real
problems he was married wins when is the
next train to Montreal sounds like a
great place that's there well well
they're well well-known I really really
yeah well that's good then to hell with
them you need to be a gentleman and I
mean to me what really bothers me about
this
two things John mulaney's app and no one
kicked Harvey Weinstein's ass a couple
of things here
no one kicked in that pit pit at least
pointed at him you know I mean exactly
he said did you was yes walked away and
he sells a workout plan in men's health
while he gets a leg double for Troy I
just wanna throw that guy off so okay
this has no one kicks Harvey Weinstein's
ass that really bothers me I'll tell you
this if someone gets if someone does
that to my wife it's gonna get physical
it's one of the few instances like do
you believe in violence if someone drops
my wife yes it's the only language a guy
abusing his power on I dance he has
money he can fight with lawyers he could
come with you 100% you're absolutely and
even if it's a professional fighter who
I know is going to kick my ass I'm gonna
make him wish he picked someone else
that's it like he's gonna lose an eye is
teeth getting messed up something you
know I mean at that point it's the
principle you just have to say this is
gonna hurt and do it so that really
bothers me and then what really bothers
me about Ben Affleck is because I
remember this clip he came out and he
was saying I can't believe what whines -
you know what Harvey did and this is
really sickening and we need to put more
women in positions of power but he did
this while he knew that clip was out
there like did he think the internet
doesn't exist did he think that YouTube
wasn't a thing you know it's like the
kid who's caught it when you have a
group of friends and you all did
something wrong and you're all like okay
we're caught dead to rights or about to
fess up and I had a friend his name his
name was Josh and he would just lie and
it was astounding you're like you know
they know you're lying is like well
listen there's six of us and the odds
are maybe maybe I'll get out so I'm just
gonna lie until the ice in it now it's
been a suspect when Affleck Sobers up he
doesn't remember I think every time I
every time I see him off film when he's
not in a movie he's smashed
yeah yeah he's smashed and he was
remember the jail is he didn't just
cheat on Jennifer Lopez
he was performing sex acts in the strip
club on a stripper gets well well-known
I think that also happened in Montreal
it was just just the most like the kind
of stuff that if you were to see on an
HBO show but all right let's fast for
this is a little seedy even for HBO
that was Ben Affleck's life him his
brother
Weinstein it is just these are the worst
human beings
the planet and anyone who has standards
is a hypocrite you're a hypocrite I'm a
hypocrite everyone's a hypocrite I get
that but it's really hard to be
hypocrite first off when you have no
standards and Hollywood has set the bar
so low we have open marriages Who am I
to judge 100 percent divorce rate
three-year-old wants to be trans fine so
to be a hypocrite when you have
standards that low is a marvel and they
still manage to do it living off of
being hypocrites and I will tell you
what I'm not victim-blaming but Meryl
Streep whenas Paltrow Angelina's every
single person who didn't come out and
simultaneously was thanking Weinstein in
their award speeches they acted as
recruitment tools for Weinstein and not
bothered it bothers me to when they
start to call them heroes you know 20
years later oh yeah he groped me 20
years ago what a hero you are to come
out you know now that you've got your
career now that every you know you
didn't risk anything I mean yeah do you
notice - not a single one of them is
ever like yeah you know what I did you
know what I had it I'm trying to think
this show I'm trying to think of the
verbage I had to perform favors for
Harvey Weinstein but I got my Oscar so
but everyone comes out they're like but
I didn't do it
anything 20 years later sorry I'm not
buying it I have a problem with people
who come out while they again if they
just said hey listen he groped me and I
Blake Heather Graham said he groped me
and he came on to me in a hotel he
didn't actually grow up me he didn't
rate me but he reinvade me to his hotel
and I said of course not that's it but
someone who says he sexually assaulted
me and we go back to the to the tale at
April Hall a second here you are at the
Golden Globes thanking him specifically
during that time there are girls
watching you gwyneth paltrow saying how
do I become a Gwyneth Paltrow and
they're writing down the name wine is
feet you know Kate Beckinsale said she
walked out and he couldn't remember
whether he assaulted her when eaten the
next time he met her he said if I try
anything with you I usually assault
women that I forget in your case so now
the other thing I have to I have to ask
you whether the only time I ever think
about you is when I watch
I'm watching late night comedy and each
one of these guys it not only looks like
the guy next to him but has the exact
same opinion the exact same set and they
don't even tell jokes anymore this is
does this make you crazy at all I mean
you are a genuine like you're a genuine
professional comedian and actually funny
well thank you I appreciate that and
usually when people like you know funny
is subjective but someone can say that
but they can't say that Owen Benjamin
who's here all week and it helps right
like they can't say he's not a comedian
he's one of the most you know well-known
headlining comedians across the country
he just happens to have recently come
out of the closet as conservative so we
have a lot of talented people working
here I can't take credit for all the
success but you know it used to make me
more crazy until I realize now that it's
just this unbelievable opportunity
because other people were saying I don't
watch late-night I just i watch crowder
instead and so we said you know what
we've kind of realized this is the show
that a lot of these people are going to
bed with because listen you're brilliant
and ben shapiro is obviously unless tin
his is is vertical if you--if you want
to learn kind of how to think and
express these conservative ideas Ben is
so good and this is what I do and yeah
so a lot of people they connected with
it and so now we see it as a big
opportunity every time Jimmy Kimmel gets
up and cries because a dentist shot a
lion I'm like well okay that means we're
gonna gain twenty thousand isn't right
well you know you know I did I think I
told you when I went down to do a Mark
Steyn show they brought me down from
Canada because I wanted to hit some
hookers on the way down and no I
actually I did not know any of this
about Montreal I'm so excited now but
when when I came down and I got to the
you know the place where they take your
passport I handed the guy my passport
and he said you're on the Crowder show I
thought you know we need to build a wall
on the Canadian border do because if
that's letting guys through after they
knew I was on your show they would let's
still let me through I think there's
more because you people who want to kill
you and try and find your house and try
and talk to you so we have all that
stuff but you know Owen Benjamin has
just been appearing on the show pretty
frequently you know we have rotating
guests and kind of in his third chair
and he's doing his bit tonight it's
based on his last show a positive
heckler and like the people who are fans
of the show are really fans of this show
what you say is getting distract you
tell a joke so so you and I are actually
but when two of the few conservatives
who actually have worked in Hollywood I
mean all conservatives talk about
Hollywood be you and I have actually
worked in Hollywood its Hollywood dead
is Hollywood finished interesting
question I think there are some there
are some some obstacles here that we
didn't foresee or certainly not to be as
severe as they are with you know there
was this idea that okay now there are
going to be no more gatekeepers because
there's YouTube there's Facebook there's
social media and we can create these
this programming and get it out there
but now we're seeing that they're every
bit as left and they're every bit as bad
in trying to set up girders to keep you
from succeeding so the difference is
they've already created the monster the
difference is like you YouTube is gonna
be really hard to take down a channel of
mine you know with hundreds and hundreds
of millions of views and over a million
subscribers here by the end of the month
it's it looks bad so they have to find
ways to tweak the algorithm and that's
what you see with James O'Keefe so I do
think the entertainment hysteresis race
to the middle you know Jimmy Fallon is
lucky to get 2.5 million viewers you
know letter when losing to Leno was
getting six million you know Carson was
American Idol a twenty thirty million
depending on the night so um everyone's
kind of racing in the middle where it's
so fragmented people can find what they
want but I think we see media and the
entertainment industry it kind of in its
death throes here reaching out to they
were late to the YouTube they were late
to Facebook IO says even with Fox News
I have clips of me on Fox News that Fox
News removed from my youtube channel
because they didn't think YouTube was a
thing I used to be on Oh where's the
capital the capital is the eyeballs
right YouTube as yet to make the money
and then we need to get some of this
capital now Fox News is saying we we
need to be on YouTube and now you know
the Weinsteins are saying we need to be
on YouTube plus I can open I direct
messages there's some hot hot chicks
there so they're all trying to get in on
new media and they're working alongside
basically three big companies that's
Google YouTube Facebook Twitter and if
they get their feet in the door media
might have a
another lifespan in a different long
which I hope they don't I'm doing my
best to just drop the Moab's on them
where I can and I'm I'm anticipating
some return fire when we process million
subscriber mark because we have been
poking our finger in the chest of Jimmy
Kimmel and Trevor Noah and Samantha bee
and Vox for so long and like this show
was like Voldemort they never mentioned
the name but at some point they're gonna
have to answer and a lot more viewers
they have basically the idea how much
money Vox has it's insane there's so
much money and they make such crap like
it is so easy to rebut and I know Ben
Shapiro is smart and I on but I'm a
pretty good in the realm of debate and
what I do is I just source things
meticulously because Vox doesn't and
then I look at Samantha in her source
they have gotten so long being so
mediocre and I do think I hate to say
this cuz you're just such I mean you're
an unbelievably talented writer and I've
had the door closed in my face for being
conservative and I know what bothers you
when other people come out and say like
well I didn't get a job cuz I'm
conservative like no we had a typo in
the very first phrase that was kind of
like you need to work a little bit not
thin with Owen just got dropped by his
agent for saying there are no
three-year-old trans children that was
my agent at CAA yeah and then this week
CAA is reeling because they were
inviting the ladies to the wives
potential but I do hate it when
conservatives just used as an excuse
thing oh it's because of my beliefs but
I've genuinely experienced that made you
think that we're seeing now in the
industry you were not allowed to be you
mean to tell me there's no one no one on
the right let's exclude myself going
although it seems self-aggrandizing it
but there's no one on the right who
would be willing or capable to do a
better job than Larry Wilmore Samantha
bee or Jordan Klepper get out get out of
here
no one's nap yeah absolutely steven
crowder there's louder with Crowder show
I'm glad you could get the parole and
come on and
will will bail you out next time he
cracks me up
all right five finally before we get to
stuff I like and say goodbye and let
remember not the not the Clavin this
weekend right not because we have one
more day of another Kingdom with the
Mian Knowles and we'll get you through
and then all hell breaks loose but I do
have to say that Donald Trump is under
attack for a couple of remarks he made
about the news media the NBC ran a story
saying as part of this whole thing Rex
Tillerson Secretary of State called him
a moron they say and he says that's not
true
Tillerson hasn't quite denied it he kind
of denied it late and all this stuff you
know there's two big guys I'm sure they
call it just all kinds of things but you
know who cares but but Trump made this
remark about NBC because NBC had a
report that he wanted to he wanted ten
time increase in our nuclear arsenal and
apparently he denies this Madison eyes
it and Trump said this about NBC I never
discussed increasing that I want it in
perfect shape that was just fake news by
NBC which gives a lot of fake news
lately no I never discuss I think
somebody said I want ten times the
nuclear weapons that we have right now
right now we have so many nuclear
weapons I want them in perfect condition
perfect shape that's the only thing I've
ever discussed general mattis put out a
statement or is putting out a statement
saying that that was fake news that it
was just mentioned that way and it's
frankly disgusting the way the press is
able to write whatever they want to
write and people should look into it so
he doubled down on this you put out a
tweet that said Network News has become
so partisan distorted and fake that
licenses must be challenged and if
appropriate revoked not fair to the
public you know I completely oppose this
although I have to say sometimes when I
watch the late-night comedians I do
think why are they allowed to use the
public Airways to just air their
political views and there's nobody else
on there the FCC doesn't license the
network's Alesi license local local
outlets I believe so if they were
revoking things I'd have to be
in them one at a time I'm basically
completely and entirely against this and
I think that I don't I don't really
worry as much about what Trump says I
know it's kind of a weird way to treat
the president but he does go off he
mouths off all the time and half the
time it doesn't mean anything
but you know it was really interesting
to me that Rush Limbaugh who is of
course the the mack daddy of all right
wing commentators and deserves to be
because he is just so very very good at
what he does but he came out and he's a
big big NFL fan but he came out and said
he was a little worried listening to
Trump flog the NFL here's what Rush said
there's a part of this story that's
starting to make me nervous and it's
this
I am very uncomfortable with the
President of the United States being
able to dictate the behavior in power
the behavior and anybody that's not
where this should be coming from Trump
is continually tweeting and I know what
he's doing and I understand why he's
doing it and his motives are pure don't
misunderstand but I don't think that it
is useful or helpful for any employee
anywhere to be forced to do something
because the government says they must
that scares the hell out of me this
should come from the league as it looks
like Goodell wants it to this should the
owners should be demanding this not the
president and now of course the owners
are starting to demand it and the good
ol is saying it it should happen but but
here's the thing I mean obviously if
Russia's worries about free speech from
the right then we all have to be worried
about it there's there's no gainsaying
that and obviously I feel differently
about the NFL I feel that he that Trump
became the voice of the nation speaking
out against the tremendous industry and
the people who are dissatisfied with
seeing their athletes seeing their
actors seeing their movie stars diss the
country continually and constantly that
rush used that rush the Trump used the
bully pulpit to speak up for them so I
did
have this big a problem with that I do
have a problem with the NBC stuff it's
ridiculous NBC can run all the stupid
news they want and I still don't think
the government should get involved but
Daniel Henninger in the Wall Street
Journal ran a piece today saying that
nobody would mistake President Trump for
James Madison who helped get the right
to free speech into the Constitution but
he says Trump will be remembered as one
of the country's foremost practitioners
of the right to free speech unless
appreciated is that the Trump
administration may go down as a
significant defender of the First
Amendment when it most needed defending
and then he goes on to talk about how
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has
announced that he's going to that the
Justice Department is going to be
fighting to keep free speech free on
college campuses
they've already they've already filed an
amicus briefs brief where they the
Justice appointment's Justice Department
joins the fight against Georgia Gwinnett
college which created free speech zones
or public forum areas requiring a
college approved reservation to have
free speech recent Brookings serving
survey Henninger goes on to say shows
that current college students only 39%
of current college students think that
hate speech is constitutionally
protected so the left you know that
obviously I will not be lectured by the
left on what free speech is and who is
defending it because they have done
everything they can to erode our free
speech rights Trump goes off he says
dumb things he sometimes he just says
dumb things this thing about NBC is one
of them but I do feel that the Donald
Trump our president also has a right to
free speech and he has done nothing to
hamper the free speech of the NFL except
express his opinion hi I think he has
the right to do that I hate to disagree
with Trump because he is 98.5 percent
correct most of the time and I'm only a
hundred percent correct oh wait let's
stop I like I got to tell you about a
book I read a novel I read called
submission and submission came out in
2015 it is bi it's the third novel I've
read by the French writer whose name for
an American is unpronounceable and
unspell
his name is Michelle and I pronounce it
a real Lebec but when I hear it is
pronounced while back back or something
you walk right back like he's a French
guy who knows his Michelle well I'm
gonna go back because that's the only
way I know how to pronounce it and
almost every book he writes is the same
and as always is this book came out on
the day it was released on the day of
the Charlie Hebdo killings remember the
Muslims went in and killed Charlie Hebdo
like twelve guys in the Charlie Hebdo
magazine because they were making fun of
Muhammad and making fun of Muslims and
this book came out on that day and of
course it created a firestorm became an
instant taneous bestseller Willa Beck
writes the same book over and over again
which is about dissolute Frenchmen being
dissolute sleeping with everything
everyone that can sleep with getting
drunk with everybody you know more sex
more sex more sex and then Muslims start
killing people this one though it's a
little bit different or at least he has
mastered the form this is a book about
the political takeover of France by an
Islamic candidate so no laws are broken
there's no violence nothing happens it
is just an election you know because
they have that those parliamentary
things where people have to form parties
and it's just an election where an
Islamic candidate lines up running
France and what is so devastating about
this book is how realistic it is and I a
literary novel I read it in translation
I can't read French but I read it in
translation it's a literary novel so
it's not an easy read it's not a mystery
story or something like this is
incredible D credibly diva does
incredible bite of reality to it and to
watch this guy in his empty Western
world without faith without he can't
believe he can't believe in the
Christian belief anymore he can't he's
immersed in literature but it's kind of
an empty an empty immersion because he's
not finding anything spiritual there
he's relationships with women are purely
sexual it really hardly matters whether
he's sleeping with a prostitute or
whether he's sleeping with a woman who
loves him it doesn't really matter to
him and Islam has it says he will back
is called it the stupidest religion but
it has those elements of spirituality
and respect for men and women you know
and men having their differences it has
those things even if it has them in a
sort of horrifying form and so he's
basically showing you that Islam is
winning the argument which is more
horrific than their winning through
terrorism he's basically showing that
Islam a an oppressive especially as it's
practiced in this novel and as we've
seen it practiced in many places is an
oppressive anti female anti-gay anti
human religion and yet because it has
the spirit in it because it has some
connection to God it somehow has more
emotive power and more conviction than
anything the West has got left and it's
a terrifying terrifying novel submission
by Michelle Wie Lebec I will spell it
because I can't pronounce it h o ue ll e
b ec q it really is a brilliant novel we
will finish with one more thing that I
like which is this in there was there
was a movie called Long Goodbye 1973
Raymond Chandler is basically the writer
who turned me into a novelist I mean I
loved Raymond Chandler and his books
have been made into movies again and
again the big sleep with Humphrey Bogart
but The Long Goodbye was made by Robert
Altman Long Goodbye was when I was a
little kid was my favorite Raymond
Chandler novel and what Altman did is he
took the tough-guy Private Eye and he
moved him up into Hollywood in the 70s
so he's kind of like this I don't know
the words use dissolute character he
talks to himself he kind of wanders
around muttering to himself through the
whole time and as a joke in this film he
wrote a song you know how he knows old
noir movies if you've ever seen old
fifties movies there's always a song a
love song or something and it's always
playing no matter where they go it has
this song it plays throughout the movie
they'll turn on the radio and so on the
radio will walk into a club it's on the
club he'll be in the shopping in the
supermarket and it'll be the music you
know so it's kind of the running gag but
the thing is the guys he got to write
the song we're John Williams one of the
great composers of movies ever and
Johnny Mercer one of the greatest
songwriters he wrote the lyrics and so
the song the longer bite is actually
terrific and so we will say The Long
Goodbye another Kingdom it will be
released on ricochet tomorrow God
willing
so the Clavin listen weekend will not
quite begin but then it will come and it
will come with a vengeance so survivors
gather here on Monday I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Klavan show and we'll
see them
The Long Goodbye can you recognize the
thing on some other Street to people
these as in a dream running for plane
through the rain if the heart is quicker
they could be lovers kill
to try
