alright Jason Riley is with us today
from the Manhattan Institute and the
Wall Street Journal is gonna talk about
the race-baiting of the left and how the
right should respond Hillary Clinton
just unleashed a dramatic response to
the allegations of Harvey Weinstein
sexual abuse here she is taking off on
Harvey Weinstein I'm all wait she didn't
say anything I'm writing a response for
I've written a statement for Hillary
Clinton I want her to say it's high time
women spoke out against men who abused
women unless those men can help their
careers then they should keep silent
about it for decades and try to destroy
any woman who accuses them and then when
it turns out that doesn't help your
career as much as you'd hoped you
couldn't become a bitter hard-drinking
wretch pretending your personal
disappointment is feminism maybe she
won't put I thought it would work also
there's all this feuding and drama going
on in Washington DC it is as if we are
watching Real Housewives of the swamp
and we will talk about that trigger
warning I'm Ann from Cleveland this is
the Andrew Clavin show
- Winnie also sing see Topsy the zipa
teasing it's a wonderful
all right a lot of good stuff coming up
tomorrow his mailbag first of all gotta
get those mailbag questions in how do
you do it well you go to the daily
wire.com press the podcast thing there
was a button right it says send in your
map but you got to subscribe it allows
you ten bucks a month then you can watch
the entire show on the daily wire.com
website if you subscribe for a hundred
bucks for the year you get the leftist
ears tumblr did I say that wrong it's 10
bucks per month 1000 bucks a month 100
bucks for the year get this dopey look
on your face maybe oh that's just your
job you like dere's tumblr also next
week Tuesday October 17th I am doing my
version of the conversation where I will
be on Facebook live 5 p.m. Eastern 2
p.m. Pacific October 17th that means it
streams live on the daily wire Facebook
page and on our YouTube channel it's
available for everyone to watch but
again gotta subscribe if you want to ask
me questions you can ask about anything
you can be that like that guy on the
Facebook page we read yesterday who
found God even even through Andrew
Clavin you can ask me about anything you
want answers as always as with the
mailbag guaranteed 100% correct and will
change your life on occasion for the
better so that's that Knowles in my
podcast another Kingdom will come out on
Friday the 13th and we'll talk about
that more when that happens and I know
what you're all thinking you're thinking
how do you look so fantastic why do you
look so good it's because I work out
like an sob I do a constant constant
working out and when you travel you got
to have your workout stuff with you and
that is why Beachbody on demand is
really good because not only can you
have it in your house not only can you
watch it you know wherever you are you
can take it wherever you are and keep
your workouts going Beachbody on demand
is an online fitness streaming service
that gives you unlimited access to a
wide variety of highly effective
world-class workouts personalized to
meet your needs plus extensive
nutritional content all proven to help
people achieve their health and fitness
goals with step-by-step program guides
workout calendars comprehensive
nutrition plans and innovative portion
control focus
cooking show called fixate and the
motivation in support of a growing
community Beachbody on demand is the
total package they're all kind of
familiar brands P DX which I have done
and I I have to say it will if it
doesn't get you in shape because you'll
stop because it's hard no it's really
hard really good stuff 21 day fix over
600 different workouts in over a hundred
recipe videos my listeners can claim a
free trial membership so you can start
it out andrew pleavin listeners just
text andrew to three oh three oh three
oh and you will get full access to this
entire platform for free workout you can
look like me except good-looking and in
excellent condition that'll be that'll
be the only otherwise you look exactly
like me I have to start out talking
about this thing with Ivana Trump only
because it's symbolic of all the stuff
that's happening in Washington Ivana
Trump is obviously down for his first
wife it's not a bunka the savanna is
plugging her new book raising Trump her
memoir and she goes on TV on CNN and she
says she's not phoning the White House
he's not gonna phone the White House cuz
she just want to make Melania jealous
and here's the clip I had the direct
number to White House but I know really
want to call him there because Melania
it's there and I'd want to cause any
kind of jealousy or something like that
because I'm basically first Trump she
says his first lady and Melania didn't
like that Melania issued this response
at Hertz when they slam your face into
the table and I made that up the first
lady fired back via a sharply worded
statement to CNN from her communications
director Stephanie Grissom she said mrs.
Trump has made the White House a home
for Baron and the president she loves
living in Washington DC is honored by
her role as First Lady of the United
States she plans to use her title and
role to help children not sell books
there's clearly no substance to this
statement from an X this is
unfortunately only attention-seeking and
self-serving noise man oh man cat fight
cat fight so I know it's there I'm sorry
I'll stop but it is you know what's
funny about it it does have this kind of
reality TV atmosphere and that
atmosphere is carried over into the
government because now we also have this
feud between bob corker and the
president bob corker is the senator from
tennessee he says he's not running again
he's stepping down and now he started to
go actually Trump went off on him first
and a Twitter thing and then corker in a
phone conversation with the New York
Times which the New York Times
subsequently published here is just a
little clip of that so he's coming the
Trump is just out of control
Trump fired back with I love this he's
Twitter V says the failing New York
Times set little bob Corker up by
recording his conversation was made to
sound like a fool that's what I am
dealing with the corker fires back suck
even worse than what's happening with
the first lady corker fire back it's a
shame the White House has become an
adult daycare center
someone obviously missed their shift
this morning
God so our government your government at
work but nobody gets me about this Oh
all through these hurricanes this
horrible shooting in Vegas we saw
ordinary Americans I was I was not
joking I don't know just noting the
irony that one of the real heroes of
Vegas saved 30 lives a guy named John
Smith you know like every man he's just
named everyman and the regular Americans
are behaving with such nobility under
this crisis such heroism such
togetherness you don't see any racial
disagreements on the flood you know you
saw white people saving black people
black people say white people than that
it's only people in charge and Hollywood
it's only the powerful rich people
whether they're like the worst people in
the country like the regular people are
great you know and which is it's true
from just from lived experience from
lived experience you travel outside New
York in LA I used to say this as a kid
because I traveled all over the country
was in every State of the Union except
North Dakota cuz I figured South Dakota
North Dakota it's the same thing but I
was in every State of the Union traveled
around met people you get outside of LA
and New York and this country is some of
the nicest people on earth are in this
country and and to be honest with you
it's true in LA and New York do when
you're not dealing with Harvey Weinstein
when you're dealing with like the
regular people on the street people are
perfectly nice so the question is is
this like another little spat or is this
indicative of something else because
Steve Bannon now you all remember Steve
Bannon used to be Trump's lieutenant now
runs Breitbart he left and he's been
saying that he's going to be his role
running bright the Breitbart site is to
fight the establishment covered the
establishment GOP who he feels is trying
to undermine Trump's agenda he feels
that Trump has come in with this new
agenda drain the swamp reshape the face
of conservatism but the old
conservatives don't want to let go of
power so he goes on hannity last night
and he basically says that that this is
that corker doing this is saying what
everybody and the establishment GOP is
thinking here's that cut when you want
to talk about why there's no repeal and
replace why there's no tax cut while
there's no tax reform while there's no
infrastructure bill you saw it right
there corker McConnell and corker and
that tie
click establishment globalist click on
Capitol Hill have to go and if he needs
anything we need any more proof about
what they think you heard it tonight
it's an absolute diverse hold by people
in the room so it's an absolute disgrace
he says and he says that he is using
this banner and remember Bannon was down
in Alabama helping row more who won the
primary there and it was this
arch-conservative
Pro religious candidate Trump was on the
other side but but Bannon was saying no
the Trump is candidate is is Roy Moore
and Roy Moore won now he says he is
going to do this across the board and
Hannity and he had this exchange now
remember in 2010 the Tea Party put up
some candidates and a lot of these
candidates got shot down because they
weren't vetted properly they weren't
ready for prime time but Bannon says
that's not gonna happen this time he is
organizing and not just him it's
obviously the money behind him the
Mercer money behind him he is organizing
to have a full-scale assault on a
primary assault on the GOP establishment
listen to this exchange it's a lack of
sense of urgency by the way these guys
work three days a week the American
people now people working two jobs their
wives are working two jobs they know the
urgency out there on the economic hate
crimes that have been perpetuated on the
American working men in this women and
women in this country because of the
trade deals is this a fair statement as
Steve ban and declaring war on the
establishment that are not for the
working men and women in this code we
are declaring war on the Republican
establishment that does not back the
agenda that Donald Trump ran on and the
president United States and that is an
agenda that we know backs the working
men and women this is basically a war
because you know what Ronald in Alabama
and you know there were people out looks
at I've had donors gonna put in all
their money Karl Rove's Steven law these
guys should get the joke their donors
are coming to us because they're tired
of having their money burned up by
trying to destroy people like judge
Moore that's a new game in town we're
gonna cut off the oxygen to Mitch
McConnell it's always hard when Bannon
is talking to know how much of this is
kind of overblown he's always using
war terms he used to send emails
internal emails at Breitbart with
hashtag war would be the way he would
sign and all this talk but but he isn't
you know he does direct some serious
money from the Mercer's he could really
make trouble for some of these people
and I don't I do not believe they're
listening to this and shrugging it off
there's one woman I have that this is a
tangent but I have to say this there's a
woman named Marshall Blackburn who is
running to film corkers seat in
Tennessee because he's stepping down and
she is selling herself as a hard-line
conservative she put this ad up
yesterday this is a two and a half
minute ad we're just gonna play a little
clip but she put this ad up yesterday
and it was on Twitter and it got banned
from Twitter for the following little
piece of information listen to this I
know the left calls me a wing nut or a
knuckle-dragging conservative and you
know what I say
that's all right bring it on I'm 100%
pro-life I fought Planned Parenthood and
we stopped the sale of baby body parts
thank God now Twitter came out and said
that was just too inflammatory to talk
about stopping the sale of baby body
parts which in fact was going on Planned
Parenthood wasn't a Planned Parenthood
issued this statement I would play that
video every day for those of you that is
the first video when they first hired me
at the Daily wire you know they wanted
me to do satirical videos like an idiot
that was because this story had just
come out and like what was left of my
hair was on fire I used to have this
full beautiful head of hair but when I
found out they were selling body parts
it just burst into flame and it was gone
and so I this was my first video of
course I showed it to management and
they were like
and that of devil eating black babies we
don't they hadn't gotten used to my
sense of humor let's let's put it that
way but now now they think it's what
they do think it's funny they did get
get used to me anyway it's not so what
Bannon says does have a certain amount
of resonance because it's not just the
GOP establishment it is the
establishment per se when Twitter is
cutting somebody down for saying what is
absolutely true and by the way you can
say virtually anything on Twitter the
ugliness that all the stuff that people
said about Ben Shapiro and me to some
degree the anti-semitic stuff nobody
took them down nobody stopped them from
saying this but oh my goodness if you
say something about Planned Parenthood
that is a problem and that is that is
where Trump gets his jet fuel that is
jet fuel for Donald Trump when people
hear that they can't say they can't
speak their mind about abortion when
people hear that they can't they're not
allowed to say oh don't kneel at the
flag you know at a football game when
people hear that you know one comedian
after another on the air is gonna diss
their point of view that is jet fuel to
Donald Trump so the Washington Post all
the newspapers really including The Wall
Street Journal and shame on them for
this they they're depicting Trump as
basically an isolated crazy man that
Corker there they're basically backing
corkers play it has read you a little
bit of what Washington Post says about
Donald Trump says Trump in recent days
has shown flashes of fury and left his
aides including White House chief of
staff John Kelly scrambling to manage
his outbursts he's been frustrated in
particular with Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson who was reported last week to
have earlier called the president a
moron one Trump confident like confidant
likened the President to a whistling
teapot saying that when he does blow off
steam he can turn into a pressure cooker
and when he does not blow off steam he
can turn into a pressure cooker and
explode I think we are in
pressure-cooker territory said this
person who spoke on the condition of
anonymity to talk candidly right so now
you never know who these people are what
acts they have to grind this portrait of
the president increasingly isolated in
the capital city is based on interviews
with 18 White House officials outside
advert advisors and other Trump
associates so you don't know who these
people are
but listen what they what they go on to
say and the Wall Street Journal says
this too basically is that the signs
that the Trump is going nuts or like his
attacks on the NFL and his you know the
things he's saying oh and the immigrant
thing you know he he said Chuck in Nancy
as we now call him Chuck Schumer and
Nancy Pelosi said they had a deal with
Donald Trump that they were going to let
the dreamers the daca people stay in
America these immigrants these people
who were brought over as children
illegally but Obama gave them a pass
with an executive order and Donald Trump
said they had to go the executive order
was being rescinded
but then Chuck and Nancy said no we made
a deal to keep them then Trump came out
and said I think this was yesterday he
came out and said well wait if we're
gonna keep them because Trump never said
there was a deal he never said there was
a deal somebody in the White House did
say the wall was off the table but Trump
never said it he didn't say this deal
now he says if if the dreamers are going
to be allowed to stay he will insist on
the construction of a wall across the
southern border the hiring of 10,000
immigrant Gration agents tougher laws
for those seeking asylum and denial of
federal grants to sanctuary cities the
White House is also demanding the use of
the e-verify program by companies and so
everybody's saying oh he's scuttling the
deal he scuttling the deal you know he's
in and Chuck and Nancy said are you
serious he can't be serious and all this
stuff so here's the thing about drama
Trump does seem to me to be a volatile
and sometimes childishly narcissistic
person who goes off in personal feuds
when he should be playing the game okay
and oh and the other thing you know what
corker saying he's talking about North
Korea he's talking about all the tweets
about North Korea and and how you know
this he's gonna lead us to World War
three that's what corker was talking
about when he says it's gonna be World
War three so so Donald Trump is a lot of
the things that you know his opponents
say he is but but Donald Trump has
appointed thirty great judges
he has rolled back regulations in big
and important ways he's driving the news
media crazy which i think is really
important today they're signing at
they're rescinding Obama's executive
order it's called something like the
clean energy bill that was basically
just set there to attack
at the coal industry they've expanded
religious rights for those who don't
want to pay for birth control and of
course that was amazing the left all
these powerful feminists what do you
mean you're not gonna pay for my birth
control what do you mean what do you
mean people have religious rights I mean
believe me Barack Obama didn't care with
a little Sisters of the Poor paid for
birth control all he cared about was
establishing the principle that the
government trumped the church that the
government could tell religious people
what to do no matter what their
conscience has said and whether you're
religious or not by the way you need
churches to defend your right to
conscience you're you can't defend it
alone these powerful institutions
fighting back against the government is
how your conscience gets protected so
Trump has done all these things what has
Congress done this is the problem you
can blame Donald Trump for not hurting
the cats and he hasn't done in my
opinion a great job of you know getting
Congress to act but when Congress is
attacking Trump I think the people are
looking at this and saying well Trump
you know can be volatile I wish you'd
stop tweeting so much this is what
people tell me
when I talk to ordinary people they just
say you know to non-political people I
mean they they just say you know I wish
you'd stop all the tweeting and all the
stuff but he's doing a pretty good job
but what has Congress done like nothing
and if bob Corker or anybody else cuz
remember bob Corker is not running but a
lot of people are if they think they're
gonna go and attack Trump and get
reelected with Steve ban inviting them
in and primering them I think they're
making a big big mistake which brings me
to the subject of underwear know there's
a segue in there so maybe their
underwear is too tight I don't know
there's a segue in there somewhere
but I know that you want to love your
underwear right you've got to love your
underwear because you don't you don't
need you don't want to be thinking about
your underwear unless you're thinking I
love me on these I love me unders I love
me undies that's why there's me undies
me undies has revolutionized underwear
first they have all different kinds of
designs hilarious designs or just normal
designs whatever you want you go on
their website the me undies go to me
undies comm you can see all the
different designs they have and they
change them all the time and they listen
to your suggestions and all but
so the fabric use it's like magic fabric
it's like it's like Walt Disney fabric
it is so soft it's I think they say it's
three times softer than cotton it's made
from the galue banais wood from the
monogamy tree I don't know what the heck
it is some crazy thing but whatever it
is it's eco-friendly
and you put this stuff on it really is
different a different feeling a hundred
percent satisfaction guaranteed you will
love me undies or your money back I'm
telling I wear my I hike a lot of times
because there's just so much more
comfortable when you're walking along
like that you can get 20% off your first
pair and free shipping if you are a
listener to this show it's a no-brainer
20 percent off free shipping a hundred
percent satisfaction guaranteed and
great underwear here's how you do it to
get your 20 percent off free shipping
and 100% satisfaction guaranteed with
the best and softest underwear you will
ever own go to me undies dot-com slash
Clavin it's MEU and Oakland it's VA and
go on me undies dot-com slash Clavin is
a limited time offer so don't wait start
wearing the best underwear of your life
it is really really really comfortable
go to me and ease comm slash Clavin
right now we have got to break from
YouTube and Facebook so you can come
over to the daily wire calm and watch
the entire show without these kinds of
breaks you won't be cast into the
exterior darkness plus the mailbag is
tomorrow so when he gets your questions
in now we will take them live to but you
want to get questions in now so we can
be prepared it's much easier for all of
us 10 lousy bucks a month you can watch
the whole thing at the Daily wires
comm100 lousy bucks for the year and you
get the leftist tears tumblr come on
over
all right we lost Jason Riley how come
you just didn't make up that's today all
right so let us talk then about Harvey
Weinstein because because the response
to this Harvey Weinstein thing is his
brother
it's unbelievable what is what is
happening I mean first of all from the
left Obama and Hillary silence nothing
okay and of course the late night but I
mean it's right for the late-night
comics is this a powerful powerful
powerful producer of some of the most
famous movies ever made has been caught
chasing women around so you know that
late-night comics are gonna go right
after my ear I mean Jimmy Kimmel right
he's the conscience of our nation Jimmy
Kimmel is the conscious that's why he
that's why he's on Mount Rushmore
because Jimmy Kimmel is the conscience
of our nation so here he is talking
about a Twitter fight he got in with Don
Donald Trump jr.
he replied to me I after I replied his
father he wrote thoughts on Harvey
Weinstein hashtag asking for a friend
he's speaking I don't know you know
about this but there was an expose in
the New York Times about decades of
sexual harassment accusations made
against the movie producer Harvey
Weinstein who is not the president and
isn't particularly well-known outside of
LA in New York but the insinuation was
that we as part of the biased left-wing
media Pro propaganda machine wouldn't
say anything about him because he's a
Democrat nevermind the thousands of
jokes about Bill Cosby and Bill Clinton
and all the other bills of that ilk so I
wrote back you mean that big story from
the failing liberal one side of New York
Times I think it is disgusting and he
replied great I look forward to your
monologues next week you probably do for
a change if only for a moment or two and
I responded great in the meantime enjoy
this and I posted a link to the video of
daddy on the Access Hollywood bus so
that's so he when it used the YC thing
to go after Donald try the courage of
this man the courage and also the high
comedy I mean I could not stop laughing
I couldn't at least at least Jimmy
Fallon made an actual joke here's Fallon
other big story Harvey once he was fired
by his company yesterday for being
accused of sexual harassment not good
they said if he keeps it up he'll wind
up with his own show on Fox News only
got one target okay
one setting the one setting is this
target you know is the right-wing target
like I said jet fuel for Donald Trump
but let's talk a little bit more about
this because more stuff is coming out
about Harvey Weinstein more stuff about
what he did and it's it's pretty what's
the word I'm looking forward to steam is
that I think that's kind of think that's
it you know disgusting I think is I'm
gonna have to go with that so I'm gonna
play a little bit of this and it is it's
it's disturbing but it's worth it's
worth listening to
first of all here is their the police
you know that show Law & Order SVU right
I always think you should be SUV that do
they steal luxury vans yeah but SVU
Special Victims Unit
the police Special Victims Unit it was
getting enough complaints about Harvey
Weinstein chasing women grabbing women
even apparently attempted rape that they
started to wire some of these women now
I don't know specifically this is a
model who went in and Weinstein tried to
get her to watch him take a shower
what yes backwards that he should be
wanting to watch her take a shower I
mean that's that he is the thing that
gets me about this what is it with these
powerful guys that they don't just trade
for sex right if you're gonna be a
jackass just gonna be a monster say I'll
give you a bitch that they used to do in
the old Hollywood the old Hollywood does
you want a part you have to sleep with
me that was the casting couch but this
is if you want a part you have to watch
me take a shit horn I mean yeah
anyway listen to this tape it is amazing
on the bar no you must come yes there
was a kind of wanna do something I don't
want to listen to me please come on
everything I'm a famous guy coming now
and one minute and if you want to leave
when the guy comes with my grace please
I'm sorry just come on I'm used to that
never do another thing to you five
minutes don't ruin your friendship with
me for five minutes wolf that is really
something else that is really something
that I'm famous I'm famous you know it's
like I want to emphasize here for just a
minute though so you understand some of
this stuff because I know a lot of these
women like Jessica Chastain was at at
the actress said I didn't come out and
say anything because it never happened
to me so it wasn't my story to tell and
people were making fun of her but I
think that's actually legit you know you
don't come out and tell other people's
story but the thing I want to emphasize
is that
Weinstein is a big guy a big guy he's
beaten up reporters while reporters were
watching and nobody said anything about
him so he's not just he's not just big
and famous like a big and powerful but
he's physically big you know and
sometimes I mean this is true of me it's
true of all all guys I think we
sometimes don't understand the strength
differential I mean that's one of the
reasons I always attack Hollywood movies
where you see the girl punches some guy
and the guy goes rolling backside over
teakettle out the door and you know that
I always say you know what happens when
a girl punches a man is that her fist
breaks and then he beats her up I mean a
lot of the women who end up in the
hospital you know we're actually in a
physical fight with with men and it's
not a good situation and people always
you know they the left always has this
crazy thing of answering generalities
with some specific exception so they'll
say well you know if a modern mixed
martial arts fighter you know okay a man
in Ronda
he came and punched you you'd feel of
course but that's that's not the point
the point is this is a big big guy when
he corners a woman he has an amass of
massive not just a power differential
but an actual strength differential
which brings me to this other piece of
Laurens 7 she used to be a Fox News host
very beautiful woman this story the
story got me because first of all she's
obviously like just a perfectly
reasonable human being and she was
talking to Harvey Weinstein and again
Harvey Weinstein you know Meryl Streep
called him god and that was not far off
if you were in the Hollywood or
entertainment business so she's talking
to him at a dinner and she's flattered
by his attention and he's flattering her
about how knowledgeable she is and how
intelligent she is and he once says he
wants to show her something and he takes
her downstairs lures work her there's no
other word he lures her downstairs in to
the basement of this place and suddenly
she realizes that she's alone with him
in this basement and he blocks her path
and I mean I remember again a big big
man listen to this he cornered me in
this vestibule and leaned in and and
tried to kiss me which I immediately
rebuffed and said whoa whoa whoa I had
no idea that that's what this was I'm
sorry you know I have a very serious
boyfriend and I'm not interested and I
thought it would end there but that's
when he blocked the entrance or exit for
me and said well then just stand there
and be quiet and that's when I realized
oh did you know what was about to happen
no idea no I did completely shocked and
yet what is gonna happen like stand up
and stand there I mean quiet I had no
idea what was gonna happen and it it
happened very quickly and he immediately
exposed himself and I you know began
pleasuring himself and
I just stood there it's I mean you
almost you almost have some sort of pity
for this guy like he's mentally ill
because that you could hear it in that
other tape with the model the compulsion
you know that he couldn't let her he
couldn't let her go you know what you'd
think that at some point you say like
you know what this is not working out
for me you know this woman is saying no
no no you let her go but he couldn't he
couldn't then he blocks her off and what
was really touching in this video is
Lawrence even says that this is the
moment when she suddenly realized that
everything he had been saying to her was
about this everything he'd been saying
to her was about this right was it was
not like she was talented it was not
that she was knowledgeable it was not
that she was doing a good job it was all
about this and and there's something
about that I can really feel that I can
feel that you know you're talking to
this guy and he's a powerful guy in an
important guy and you're in the
entertainment business to some degree
you know and and he's flattering you and
suddenly you realize it's just because
he wants to stand in front of you and
handle himself while you watch I mean
and that's just find that an incredible
you know must feel incredibly degrading
but also just threatening stand there
and he's blocking her way and you can
see she's a she's girl size she's she's
woman size and he's blocking her way so
this is what made the comments of Donna
Karan that designer to the Stars and
designers to the left you know when you
hear it kind of upsetting because she
says you know maybe we women are asking
for it how do we display ourselves how
do we present ourselves as women what
are we asking are we asking for it you
know by presenting all the sensuality
and all the sexuality you know and what
are we throwing out to our children
today you know about a massive huge
Ashton how to dance and you know how to
perform in that what to wear you know
how much do they show
I don't think it's only Harvey Weinstein
it's certainly not only Harvey Weinstein
but you know it these these comments
really interested me because I have some
sympathy with them not in context not in
the context of Harvey Weinstein because
he was doing was monstrous you know I
mean that's not too strong a word to
take people's rights and physically
abused them like that and physically
suck real people into your crummy little
sexual fantasy life you know that's that
is monstrous that's a monstrous thing to
do so I have no sympathy with that but
what she but what Donna Karen is saying
you know has a certain amount of truth
to it it's just this is not the time
this is not the point you know I mean
it's yeah it's true that people we
should all kind of tend to be a little
bit more modest I think we should
probably dampen down the sexual frizzle
this society puts out constantly but
that's not the point that is not the
point we're all living in the same
society and we don't all do this
it is these powerful guys and look it's
not about the left that just we're we
relish this a little bit because it's
about the left that's not Bill O'Reilly
it's not Roger Ailes but of course it's
about powerful guys abusing their power
but the point about the left the point
about the left is what this says because
this goes back to the opening of the
show where I was talking about is this
are these little feuds is this just
reality TV or is it a civil war in the
GOP but this this Harvey Weinstein's
story is also about the civil war that's
happening on the Democrat side okay
because when Jimmy Kimmel says oh we
made jokes about Bill Cosby that's
disingenuous Bill Cosby operated
assuming that he was guilty assuming he
was doing these things and I've talked
to people who I believe who say he was
and did it to them you know Bill Cosby
operated like that for decades and
decades and decades and it was only when
he started to kind of decline as a star
that then people started to take these
complaints seriously and as for Bill
Clinton the left almost uniformly
defended him I mean this is Maureen Dowd
at the New York Times was the only
person whose hands are clean on the left
she actually did go after him
but this is indicative of something Lee
Smith in the Weekly Standard the fact
they're going after Harvey Weinstein now
the fact that this major major political
donor to the left and also organizer of
donors a fundraiser for the left the
fact that he's going down now Lee Smith
that the Weekly Standard wrote this
piece saying what this indicates is that
the court over which Bill Clinton once
presided a court in which Weinstein was
one part gesture one part Exchequer of
the banker and one part executioner that
court no longer exists play this thought
experience experiment Lee Smith says
would the Weinstein story have been
published if Hillary Clinton had won the
presidency no and not because he's a big
Democratic fundraiser it's because if
the story was published during the
course of a Hillary Clinton presidency
it wouldn't have been about Harvey
Weinstein Harvey would have been seen as
a proxy for the president's husband and
it would have embarrassed the president
the first female president you remember
you remember when Donald Trump at the
debate started to bring this stuff up
everybody gasped like oh he's going
there oh my goodness is he going to go
there well only Donald Trump was rude
enough to go there but anybody should go
there I mean this is the way this is the
way the left controls us the left
controls us by making us feel that
speaking the simple truth is somehow a
violation of you know it's sexist or
racist or whatever
Donald Trump that is is too much of a
bore
to be constrained by those things but of
course of course it was important to
bring this up she covered for this guy
who was accused of rape she covered for
him she attacked he ran the anti bimbo
squad attacking his accusers
so now Lee Smith goes on and says when
Bill Clinton was running the party he
offered get-out-of-jail-free cards to a
whole army of sleaze balls from Jeffrey
Epstein to Harvey Weinstein to the
foreign donors to the Clinton Global
Initiative the deal was simple
pay up genuflect and get on with your
existence it was like a papacy selling
indulgences at the same time that
everyone knew that the Cardinals were up
to no good the 2016 election demolished
Clinton world once and for all to be
replaced by the cult of Obama and
austere SEC designated by their tailored
hair shirts with Nehru collars that is
not who we are as Americans they chant
Harvey Weinstein's ashes are scattered
in the wind in other words the Democrat
Party has been taken over by the far
left and the far left is perfectly happy
to watch these old Clinton guys go down
the drain there are civil wars on both
sides and because of the civil war on
the left that's why they can't take
advantage as as much as they would like
to of the civil war on the right all
right let's get the sexual follies
I'm sorry I always love that I have to
start by just playing this piece that
was put up on the daily wire because I
made I did an opening about this a while
back about marrying yourself this is a
feminist movement where you know you
don't have you don't have to get married
to another person you simply marry
yourself and I just want you to hear
these vows I hope you can hear them
let's let's play it
she's talking into a mirror and the
person whoever it is who is
administering the marriage to herself
it says repeat after me I love have you
have compassion and empathy for others
but there are no others he's done so
here is the thing that really gets me
about this I was talking yesterday how
it's odd that the people who believe in
Darwin look backwards to some I silly
treacly idea of the noble savage and the
people who believe in Adam and Eve look
forward to you know a life with God and
a return to our forgiving status with
God it is also a very strange thing that
the people who emphasize sex they want
to ban everything except for sex they
want to ban ideas they want to ban
speech they want to ban you know the
conservative movement as a whole they
want to ban jokes from conservatives
everything they want but they did but as
long as it's sex whatever the sex is you
know that they wanted that they support
but why is that they're the ones who end
up marrying themselves why is it they're
the ones who end up hating everything
about sexuality except the actual act
they hate everything here is here's this
thing mode this new study right a new
study suggests the real problem in
children's lives it's not that they
don't have fathers it's not that the
culture around them is crap it's not
that they can get porn on a handheld
device that's not the problem the real
problem is that they have sexual
identities they have gender identities
okay a new study suggests that no matter
where children live real talk about
relationships identity and sexuality
should start even earlier why to
minimize the negative impacts of gender
roles that is the problem in children's
life more than by all this is from CNN
anything more than biology family
friends and society influence
impressions of what it means to be a boy
or a girl
placing rigid gender expectations on
children from a young age in recent
years a growing body of research has
folk
on health inequities that result from
enforced gender norms and children this
study published Wednesday in the Journal
of Adolescent Health contributes a
global perspective to this issue that
key finding whether a child is in
Baltimore Beijing or New Delhi the onset
of adolescence triggers a common set of
rigidly enforced gender expectations
associated with increased lifelong risks
of mental physical health problems
because you are a boy or a girl and
expected to act more like a boy if
you're a boy than a girl and more like a
girl like a girl that's your problem
adolescent health risks are shaped this
is a theoretical experts as adolescent
health risks are shaped by behaviors
rooted in gender roles that can be
well-established in kids by the time
they're 10 or 11 years old here's what
it says here's the myth here's the
problem the children have when they're
taught these gender roles the study
calls it the hegemonic myth the
perception that men are the dominant sex
strong and independent while women need
to be protected this idea starts an
early childhood reinforced by schools
parents and media interviews with
children and their guardians revealed
that the onset of puberty triggers
increased reinforcement of pressure to
conform to hegemonic sex-typed
identities and roles while boys men
described having the freedom to come and
go as they please to pursue education
and others hopper opportunities girls
found their mobility and access to
education restricted the study notes as
they enter adolescence silence and
modesty are instilled as desirable
values modesty you don't want that as
girls are pressed to behave in a modest
fashion fashion this phenomenon leads to
numerous cascading cultural perceptions
so let's think about this because I do
know that most mothers are very careful
to tell their daughters to be careful
right to be careful of men you know
don't go downstairs with Harvey
Weinstein don't go in don't go into the
basement with our V Weinstein and sieve
and Lawrence haven't talked about the
fact that when she went downstairs her
friend said to her if you're not back in
ten minutes
I'm coming to find you that is good
sense right so what they're saying is
the problem here is that men are being
taught to protect women because they're
strong and women are being told
that they need to be protected because
they're weak and this is being
influenced what do you think happens
what do you think happens if you take
that away
what do you see this is the this is the
myth the mythology this mythology and it
plays into what we're talking about
yesterday the mythology of the noble
savage right the myth is is if you take
away all the society stuff all this evil
civilizational stuff then we are golden
we are perfect we are beautiful they're
so wonderful all you have to do I mean
if you're a Darwinist of people even
Darwin you should know that's not true
you look at the gorillas they beat the
crap out of their women they behave they
behave like people behave when you take
away civilization it is civilization
that we build with our spirits and our
minds and our hearts and with our with
our Bible in hand and with our ideas our
traditions behind us that we're standing
on top of that is what makes people
decent when you get rid of gender roles
when you get you rid of gender roles you
don't reach this golden equality you
don't come into this gold inequality
where we're all the same all you're left
with is Harvey Weinstein and the men who
are too weak to stand up against him
that's what you're left with because if
you take away this idea that men with
their superior strength with their
superior size are there to protect women
then all you're left with is the men who
will use that size to abuse women and
the men who are too weak and too cowed
to protect them when you sit and think
about that love I mean she's a lovely
girl
Laurence even is yeah you know she's a
lovely girl when you think about her
cornered by this gigantic beast of a guy
while he does what he does you know I
mean I I'm sure I know when I know that
I'm talking to guys I know that every
single one of you is having the same
fantasy of laying that sucker out I mean
that is what guys that is what normal
guys think about when they hear about
women being abused you have the fantasy
of laying that guy flat right and you
want to get rid of that you want to
Train that out of men that's not
societal that is built-in that is
built-in we are built to protect our
mates you want to get rid of that all
you're left with is Harvey Weinstein
and that's it you will have a world of
Harvey Weinstein's and the women
cornered by them and abused sexual
Follies play that thing again
all right tomorrow is the mailbag so
just think just think this is the last
day that you'll have any problems this
is the last day when you will be living
this miserable depressing life that
you're living tomorrow you will answer
your questions and all will be well and
all manner of things will be well I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show we'll see you then
