I saw a cartoon once and I think was in
a newspaper it was an old couple walking
out of a funeral and the man says to the
wife I've got to start living a better
life and the joke of course is kind of a
subtle joke but the joke is that when
people die you only say nice things
about them and you go to a funeral and
you listen to the eulogy and you think
god this guy was great I stink you know
so all week long I've been reading about
the people who died so tragically in Las
Vegas those construction worker guy
named Jack Beaton died threw himself
over he threw his body over his wife's
body an off-duty cop named Charleston
Hartfield he coached a youth football
team Hannah
dollars a full-time wife and mom to
three kids and her brother called her
our sunshine and I was thinking to
myself you know you could also say about
these people that they did bad things
they lied they were a hypocritical they
woke up sometimes in the middle of the
night and thought gee I said this thing
that I wish I hadn't said I did this
thing that I wish I hadn't done and the
way I know that about them is because
that's true of every single person on
earth you know st. Paul said what I want
to do I don't do and what I hate I I do
we are all in that battle st. Paul also
said we're not in a battle with flesh
and blood but we're dealing with rulers
and authorities and cosmic powers over
this present darkness we're fighting the
spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly
places and as you know I don't like the
word evil because sometimes we use it to
obliterate our opponent we don't have to
argue with somebody if he's evil but if
you look at it from another way it
actually makes you more sympathetic with
people when you realize we're all in the
same battle with the same power of
darkness that is very real and very true
and that nobody actually wants to talk
about it so we're gonna talk about it
today and we're gonna talk about some of
the ways that the Heroes of Las Vegas
dealt with it and what they what they
have to say to us mona Charen the great
mona Charen a terrific columnist going
to be on to speak with us and we got a
lot of other things to say as well stuff
I like trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
