so here we are in a ben shapiro show
facebook live special joining us online
jared monroe you may know Jared Munroe
not by his last name but by his oh I
guess nickname not gay Jared he's the
producer over at over steven crowder
show his producer and writer at louder
with Crowder
he's also the host of the morning
grinders on CR TV recently as you may
have seen Jared went undercover with the
leftist militant group antifa to learn
more about what they were planning over
a University of Utah where I was
speaking Jared thanks so much for
joining me I appreciate it you know I
got to say I appreciate this cyber
distance between me and the the most
dangerous man in the way exactly I'm
very threatening also jared is my newest
follow on twitter he yeah I mean four
months not to follow him on your Twitter
your my my news I'm follow so you well
then it all works out so the reason that
I follow Jared is because jared was
brave enough to actually go undercover
with an Tifa University of Utah and the
reason we're talking with him is because
people need to know that he's his own
human being that he's not just a polyp
that grows on the side of steven crowder
because the way that the media treats
this is basically crowder producer or a
Crowder goes undercover with an Tifa and
it was actually Jared who's done coupled
with that Tina that's not a rip on
Crowder who helped organize the whole
thing I've worked with Jared but the one
who's actually standing there receiving
knives from antia and risking the
possibility of getting shot and/or
infected is is Jared so Jared first of
all before we start I think that we have
a lot of people who have no clue why
Crowder calls you not gay I think they
have an inkling but where did that
where'd that nickname come from in the
first place you know I wish I could dive
into the specifics of that I believe if
you go back to episode like 39 you're
some some clarification that can happen
but just you know on principle in
reality and just you know it's a it's a
character thing I I've I've you know ok
magician never reveals his weird exactly
so ok so we'll leave that ok so so Jared
went undercover with an Tifa Jared
number one I don't want you give away
too many details obviously tell us where
you can so how did you get in with
antifa in the first place you know
starts with it we have a brilliant
researcher so he's been spending months
and months infiltrating them from the
back end so this all starts there really
you know like any terrorist organization
in 2017 they use social media they used
online platforms to really kind of
network of people and just so happens
they're so desperate for people to show
up to these things they're eager to
welcome new people into the fold so you
know we infiltrated from the back end
over the course of months you know
creating fake profiles create fake names
and usernames to infiltrate them with
the messages and kind of find out where
they're gonna be how to meet up with
them how'd it be involved so that's
that's really where the the brood of the
work takes place and then so I show up
looking like a douchebag just to be
there the few days of the event so
that's really where the magic happens
it's all in the back end of things okay
so the first time they saw you was in
the day before the event a couple days
before the event is that okay so you
threw on a wig you threw on some contact
you when I saw you gotta be real I was a
little freaked out I mean that's that's
normal when people when people see you
but but then when you're actually
dressed up as an antique emember it's
just it's just that much more so what
was what was it like talking to these
folks were they nice to you
were they could you tell that they were
weirdos right off the bat so they seem
like sort of mainstream leftist gone
wrong or do they seem like crazies who
glommed on the left ISM you know on
first impression with them was kind of
just normal lefty crazy people so they
you know I met up with this person in a
Starbucks cafe to get the app installed
on my phone in fact when I first met up
with him I asked hey this is what I'm
wearing I'm great wearing a gray shirt
gray grey hat what are you wearing he
said he's she it said gray shirt gray
hat so we had a lot in common around
that that we looked almost identical to
each other sit across the table and so
I'm sitting there I'm like this budding
romance yeah normal crazy leftist person
I mean they were they're very friendly
with me they were very welcoming the guy
gave me his last Shiv so I assumed he
had my best interests at heart and I
told me to keep his ice pick so I really
thought these were just normal everyday
leftist crazy people until he started
talking about the violent measures
they'd taken to ensure their success of
the night so that's kind of the tip-off
for me is when they really started
talking about game plan where they were
keeping stashes of guns how many guns
and what kind they had showing up to
this event so that's really where the
tip-off for me that these are not just
normal crazy people these are an extra
dose of liberal crazy with nothing to
they see themselves as acting using
violence in retaliate
violence or do you think that these were
people who are looking to initiate
violence like they're actually gonna go
and start stabbing people or punching
people without provocation I think the
people are nothing to lose who are
looking for any excuse to be violent so
they showed up they gave me they
proactively gave me knives they
practically gave me ice picks when we
start talking about cuz I asked them hey
what about groups do we have shown up to
this event and they are really good at
coordinating these things with other
other act or ghen ization Xand activists
so this they listed office at lex Scott
black lives matter you know they're
gonna be here doing this and these other
socialist organizations are gonna come
here and do this and they actually
mentioned one of them I can't remember
the name of the organization they said
this act these activists are come up but
they're pacifist they're not going to
fight is what they told me we have this
on camera these let's all be coming out
and we're all footage soon if it's not
up already but yet so they distinguish
themselves as people who are willing and
ready to fight and be violent one of the
things that that's happened in the
aftermath of this is you got out of
there after they offered you weapons he
said you had to go to the bathroom a
brilliant tactical move and went
directly to the police and the police
arrest officer I really had okay so that
then it was just a twofer so he went to
the police and the police apparently
arrested these people but then release
them and then I guess one of the people
got arrested again later that night for
getting in a fight is that correct
that's I'm told I know what we know for
sure is honey bee her code name Jenna
she was in fact arrested later that
night for aggravated assault so she was
the one who actually gave me the knife
earlier that night she wanted her knife
back later that night I told her police
have it you know they're looking for you
run but she she was in fact she and this
is something that Fox 13 I believe if
you tall they are they're trying to
discredit the Tyra story saying this is
there was no you know real threat that
night but then later on the piece they
talk about people in our videos people
involved in our hidden cam sting giving
on knives were arrested later that night
for aggravated assault and that's all on
footage as well so it's like pick your
story which one are you gonna go it was
it there was there no legal threat at
all or were people arrested because your
story contradicts and police apparently
also released a statement saying that
the they don't think that there was a
credible threat of violence from these
people despite the tape that you had
turned over it looks like one of the
spokespeople for the police was was
you know a politically motivated actor
what do we know about that you know
we're looking into that more we will be
releasing segments on that here's the
thing about the police - you gotta
remember not only activism aside they
want to make sure that they put on a
good face that they did a good job and
they were they were you were there I
mean there were hundreds of them there
are SWAT people on the rooftops you saw
this for yourself and it's something
remember about police as well because
we've been dealing with actually
detectives we've been working on this
case and by the way detectives who once
you saw my footage they recognized half
the people in it they've been on to them
for a while so you can remember
detectives and cops like this it's
almost like going to the doctor you try
to go the doctor get one thing resolved
and they just send you to another with
specialists - refers you to another
specialist it's three doctors down the
line before you get anything resolved so
that's kind of how the police department
works there are a lot of departments who
one hand us know what the other hand is
doing so while one hand my say you know
earnestly say that there was no threat
as far as they know there's detectives
working on other cases who are saying
yeah these people are bad people and
we're trying to weed them out and this
footage is being used to help do that as
we speak right now how widespread is the
network because it's gonna be the left
trying to pretend that this is a couple
of isolated actors that it's not a big
deal that you assembled you just sort of
stumbled into the most violence or the
worst of these people but but how big is
the network and and what do we know
about how deep it goes you know it's
really hard to say because it's really
hard to estimate the size I mean even
because of the way they first of all the
way they've gone underground to recruit
people is it's almost impossible to
track but we do know we have people from
Antipa California saying that we didn't
infiltrate the real alliance of us so of
course that only makes their case worse
because if these weren't the real violet
ones the ones with ak-47s and in you
know cabana knives in their car then
which ones are the ones that tear tattoo
who have you know full auto machine guns
in their cars which ones are the real
ones so it's really hard to estimate
though how deep it is and how really
connected they are across the network of
the country we do know they work really
intentionally within their cities to
recruit and to grow their organization
their activists as fast and as broadly
as possible that's why they're so eager
to have me be a part of them they were
they were chipper to have you show up
and be a part of there they're big
they're big they're big projects onaka
Jared was the one who infiltrated an
Tifa and steven crowder is the guy for
whom he produces Jared thanks to
thanks for thanks for doing the hard
work here and letting Steven take all
the credit that's how that's our biggest
biggest fear of life is going down the
flames of glory just for the headline to
read steven crowder and some other guy
died on the front line well what he did
was actually pretty brave going
undercover with some of the worst people
in america and thank you for that and i
personally thank you for that since it
was at the event that was being held at
my speech so you know thanks for
protecting me you guys were you guys had
my hand my back so I appreciate it I
appreciate it I got her in that follow
thanks a lot Jared Monroe thanks for
joining Ben Shapiro show it's catching
bit
