all right this is the Andrew Clavin show
and today we'll be asking is the left
out of its mind yes it is thanks for
listening we'll see you again tomorrow
oh no wait we're gonna talk a little bit
more than we're starting again without
our song and without a little comedy at
the intro not you know not to be somber
and solemn and it's not that this is
obviously is a somber and solemn
occasion when we're talking about all
these deaths in Vegas but you know I'm
not trying to peddle my emotions as
mattering to you or making anything I
say more important that is the left's
job and they did it all through
yesterday and I have to tell you when I
look at this story I'm seeing a story of
mental illness but it's not just the
mental illness of this evildoer who
opened fire for reasons we still don't
know but it also is the reaction to this
from our entertainment media and
political overlords on the Left who
really can't let 24 hours go by and let
us mourn without trying to use our
emotions to peddle their philosophy and
I think that that is there's something
wrong with that that is not okay and I'm
not even gonna argue about the guns you
know I'll say some of it something about
that but I don't even want to argue
about the issues I just want to talk
about ways to people react to a tragedy
and ways that you don't react to a
tragedy we've got the mailbag coming up
tomorrow do not forget go on what do you
always have to remind me you go on the
podcast button alright on this on the
website if you're a subscriber you got
to subscribe you go on the podcast
button you press the block guess what
and then it just says mailbag how much
easier could that be you can ask about
religion you can ask about your personal
life you can ask about politics we
answer all those questions and the
answers are guaranteed a hundred percent
correct and will change your life
on occasion for the better just a lousy
ten bucks a month to subscribe you don't
have to leave after we're done with you
on Facebook and YouTube
you don't have to come on over to the
Daily wire calm you just watch the whole
thing at the Daily wire calm for a lousy
ten bucks a month and if you subscribe
for a year it's only a lousy hundred
bucks a month so you're saving a
tremendous amount of money twenty bucks
I think isn't it this my my figurine
Etta and you also get the leftist ears
tumblr which automatically fills with
leftist ears if
every time Donald Trump makes a speech
also today we have sexual follies and we
have an author Sean Smith who wrote the
tactical guide to women so I know we're
gonna do this with Jess in the room and
she's gonna grade him afterwards and
tell us whether or not he actually knows
what he's talking about
plus it's autumn did you realize that it
is fall that's October my guy it
happened so fast you know what that
means in California it means the
temperature goes from 75 to 74 I think
and a leaf william faulkner's that one
damn leaf falls in one damn Canyon and
they say it's it's autumn it also means
your Starbucks coffee starts to taste
different and it means it's a good time
to give the person you love something
that will delight her and surprise her
if it's a hurry you know you might want
to say to her let's go to a horror movie
and watch people be torn to shreds or or
here's a better idea send her some
flowers send her some flowers
proflowers.com the place I use to send
flowers because it is so easy so
convenient and the flowers come and they
are all fresh they have a perfect gift
for anyone who's excited about fall a
long-lasting bouquet in their favorite
fall colors their best-selling cinnamon
cider roses I have I have to be honest I
haven't looked at these yet I haven't
tried them but anything that's called
cinnamon cider roses has to be good
right then that really sounds nice it's
a great option for a birthday an
anniversary
any fall occasion or go with one of the
classics like a hundred autumn blooms or
a dozen autumn roses you can't lose
because no matter which bouquet you send
my listeners get 20% off any of
ProFlowers unique bouquets for $29 or
more ProFlowers bouquets are guaranteed
to stay fresh for at least 7 days or
your money back
and you control the delivery date they
give you more bloom for your buck big
beautiful flowers more stems for your
money and long lasting freshness I use I
have used this for years and years and
years I mean maybe it feels like about
10-15 years I've been using
proflowers.com because it's just so easy
and I'm a guy who forgets things so it's
not usually like the day before my
wife's birthday I think you know
proflowers.com to get 20% off all
bouquets of $29 or more go to
proflowers.com and use my code a.k at
checkout
how do you spell that a K and it's
important Dustin because it tells them
that you are listening to the show and
you're answering the ad so it helps us a
lot if you go to proflowers.com use the
code a k you will get 20% off all
bouquets of $29 or more a great way to
celebrate autumn autumn so you know I'm
gonna say some things about mental
illness today and I don't want anybody
to take this as an attack from the
mentally ill most mentally ill people
are harmless but there are kinds of
mental illness that are not harmless
obviously this guy Stephen padico opened
fire you know you can say we don't know
what his motives are yet everybody's
speculating Isis has claimed credit
twice they've claimed credit twice but
law enforcement says they can't find any
connection between the guy and any
religious or political organization
there's some people posting stuff saying
they saw him at an anti-trump rally we
don't know that people speculating all
kinds of speculative
we we just don't know he was some kind
of gambler it seems like you know that
apparently had millions of dollars but
we really don't know so let's start
let's start from a baseline of what's a
sane response to a terrible terrible
tragedy like this and it is a terrible
tragedy and we've seen a lot and we've
been through a lot these last few weeks
he said hurricanes and all this stuff
going on you know it's just it's just
been a lot of stuff a lot of tragedy to
take in here's Sarah Huckabee Sanders
the presidential spokesman spokeswoman
talking about the first thing she does
is she pays tribute to all the people
who did wonderful heroic things in this
moment and the reason this is important
and obviously she gets very emotional
we've all been very emotional during
this period you can't read about this
stuff without tearing up but the reason
it's important to remember this is
because one guy can cause so much damage
if so we saw 9/11 just a handful of
people can cause so much damage so much
tragedy but think about the fact that
instead of entropy constantly wearing
away our society our society is
constantly building up it's constantly
getting bigger better technology is
improving that giving Nobel Prizes to
people have made wonderful in this week
that people have made one
discoveries about the way we age things
that's gonna help cure diseases in the
future people are doing wonderful things
building stuff loving each other
creating children all the time and the
reason this is news is because it
doesn't happen all that much I mean I
know it seems like it happens a lot but
it doesn't happen all that much so here
is Sarah Huckabee Sanders paying tribute
to the heroes of Las Vegas is cut number
two one man twenty nine-year-old Sonny
Melton had traveled from Tennessee to
Las Vegas for the concert with his wife
Heather when the bullets began raining
down from above Sonny shielded her from
danger selflessly giving up his life to
save hers they'd been married for just
over a year
others risked their own lives to save
people that they had never met Mike
McGarry a Philadelphia laid on top of
students at the concert to protect them
from the gunfire they're 23 2015 3 he
said and I've lived a good life Lindsay
pageant her fiance Mike J fled for cover
during the attack and immediately
returned to the scene with their pickup
truck to help transport the wounded to
nearby hospitals Gail Davis who was
attending the concert with her husband
said she owes her life to a brave police
officer who instinctively served as a
human shield protecting her from harm
sadly multiple police officers both on
duty and off duty were among those
killed or injured but what these people
did for each other says far more about
who we are as Americans than the
cowardly acts of a killer ever could the
Gospel of John reminds us that there is
no greater love than to lay down one's
life for a friend the memory of those
who displayed the ultimate expression of
love in the midst of unimaginable act of
hate will never fade their examples will
serve as an eternal reminder that the
American spirit cannot and will not ever
be broken in the days ahead we will
grieve as a nation we will honor the
memory of those lost as a nation and we
will come together united as one nation
under God and indivisible
so what's it take you know 24 hours
that's all that really is what we're
talking about for the first 24 hours
that's really all we need to talk about
immediately a reporter goes to the gun
control agenda and it is like clockwork
if they don't have to tell us how
wonderful Muslims are because of
was just killed people if they don't
have to blame the GOP for every neo-nazi
loon who wanders around and kills one
person and then make do weeks and weeks
and weeks of reports about the white
supremacists threat that virtually
doesn't exist in this country you know
if they don't have anything else if they
don't have to make excuses for the
Bernie bro and tell us how it wasn't
Bernie Sanders fault that the guy opened
fire they go to gun control because this
is what they want this is a big deal and
we're good to talk about this a little
bit but it's just the lack of restraint
I just want to talk about what is going
on in the guy's mind
that he has to go there today today it's
not like he's got gonna be there
tomorrow he's gonna be there tomorrow
Cyrus and this is gonna be there
tomorrow he's got to go there today and
listen to the sanity of Cyrus Sanders
response which is the only response the
only rational response you can make
listen to the question
listen to her sane answer many times
when these horrible massacres occur and
leads to questions about
as this particular massacre made the
president think anything more about
pursuing tighter gun laws such as
background checks to prevent look this
is an unspeakable tragedy today is a day
for consoling their survivors in
mourning those we lost our thoughts and
prayers are certainly with all of those
individuals this is there's a time in
place for a political debate but now is
the time to unite as a country there's
currently an open and ongoing law
enforcement investigation a motive is
yet to be determined and it would be
premature for us to discuss policy when
we don't fully know all the facts or
what took place last night so that of
course is rational why is it rational
because the time how about in your own
life is the time to make decisions about
your own life about the policies of your
own life when you're upset when you're
grieving when they tell you if somebody
you love dies you should wait a year if
somebody you're very close like a spouse
dies you should wait a year before you
make any big decisions because you got
to calm down you got to get rational
isn't that but the left has an
expression right
don't let an emergency go to waste don't
let a crisis go to waste because they
are playing off emotion but the thing is
they're not just playing off your
emotion they're playing off their own
emotions and that's one of the things
I'm gonna talk about now why why do you
wait you wait to get the facts listen
I'm not a gun nut I shoot sometimes you
know I own a gun but I'm not a gun purse
a person who like worships at the altar
of guns or anything like that you know I
understand that there are debates to be
had they get this guy apparently had
some gizmos that helped turn
semi-automatic weapons into automatic
weapons if that should be illegal you
know I'm going to debate that but not
today not today why because we got to
see did he break any laws you know I
mean they keep going to guns as if guns
were their issue here but you know a AEI
I think it was just put out a chart
showing that since 1994 gun ownership
has skyrocketed it's gone up like 56%
the murder rate has at the same time
gone down 49 percent so you can't make
the argument that gun ownership and the
murder rate correlate you just can't
make that argument it's not necessarily
it's not necessary Sara Lee that murder
rate went
down because of gun ownership going up
though that's a possibility correlation
isn't cause but it's probably better law
enforcement that's why I think the
murder rate has gone down there's been a
lot better law enforcement so you can't
say that and people keep saying well in
Australia where they don't have a Second
Amendment they confiscated all these
guns and their murder rate went down but
it went down about the same as ours so
it went down the same is our so what you
know that why what are they talking
about and by the way just to show that
this issue is political the FBI
recently released new crime data and
there was a correlation of where murders
spiked and where black lives matter had
been most active what Heather McDonald
calls the Ferguson effect so why aren't
they worried about that why aren't they
saying hey you know what we got to stop
this black lives matter stuff you know
we got to stop CNN from going on saying
hands up don't shoot when that never
happened we got to stop this because
when they pull the police out of these
neighborhoods people start to die
they're not talking about that it's all
agenda it's all agenda and it's all
emotion and let me talk before I show
you some of this video which really did
did get to me let me just talk about why
the left you know I believe that ideas
are the most formative things about
people I believe that when we're talking
about black people for instance in this
country we're not really talking about
black people I don't care what color
they are because a lot of the
dysfunction that you see in poor black
communities you see in poor white
communities you're talking about the
ideas that are in people's heads that is
what forms them the ideas the religious
ideas whether you're an atheist or a
religious person that idea forms you all
kinds of whether you are grew up under
freedom that forms you whether you
believe in top-down government or
bottom-up government all these ideas
what make you who you are now a while
back just the two weeks ago wasn't we
had the philosopher Edward phaser on and
we were talking about a wrist Italian
ideas of natural law that's begin with
the idea of what things are for how can
you know what's good or bad if you don't
know what a thing is for how can I know
whether I should use this you know
corkscrew to open a bottle or you know
stick it in my eye unless I know what
the thing is for and that's the same
thing with human beings if you don't
know what a human being is for if you
don't know what his ultimate goal is if
you don't know what the good
life you're aiming toward then you can't
know whether something is good or bad
because you can't know whether it's
advancing you toward that goal without
that idea which the left has lost
entirely and I'm not talking about your
average Liberal Democrat voter I'm
talking about the left thought leaders
I'm talking about the people who are the
media and our entertainment media and
our Academy if you give away that idea
and you believe that life is purposeless
and people are purposeless some people
don't have a call a purpose and a cause
and a reason for being then all you've
got left is what feels right
it's called emotivism right it's the
idea that when you talk about morals
you're really just talking about your
emotions so when I'm talking about facts
about guns and all that that's one thing
but when I say guns are bad I'm just
talking about how I feel and the problem
with the motive ISM is that sometimes
it's in conflict with the facts and if
it's in conflict with the facts and you
don't change your mind you're
essentially acting like a crazy person
you're acting just like somebody is
mentally ill because you're not relating
to reality which brings me to the
late-night comedians and we here at the
Daily wire we put together a little
montage of yesterday's comedians
suddenly doing this thing where they're
all have a serious faces and they all
got rid of the monologue and fine again
we're all unhappy we're all emotional
and they start to sell gun control show
after show after show and I didn't even
put all of them in it because I didn't
want to go on forever here's the montage
this morning we have children without
parents and fathers without sons and
mothers without daughters we lost two
police officers we lost a nurse from
Tennessee a special ed teacher from a
local school here in Manhattan Beach and
it's a kind of thing that it makes you
want to throw up or or give up gun
violence should not be a staple of
American life some say it's too early to
talk about gun control for those victims
last night it's far too late
Congress can be heroes by doing
literally anything universal background
checks or come up with a better answer
and force Obama's executive order that
denied mentally ill gun purchases or a
better answer reinstate the assault
weapons ban or come up with a better
answer anything but nothing we've talked
about gun violence on this show before
and I'm not sure what else I can say I
also know nothing I say will make any
difference at all but to Congress I
would just like to say are there no
steps we can take as a nation to prevent
gun violence or is this just how it is
and how it's going to continue to beat
last night the White House press
secretary Sarah Sanders said this is not
the time or actually it was today this
morning she said it was not the time for
political debate and I don't know we
have 59 innocent people dead it wasn't
their time either so I think now is the
time for political debate so first of
all I used to have a girlfriend who
cried every time she wanted something
now I just have Jimmy Kimmel like a you
know how often is this guy gonna use his
tears you know we're all in tears we're
all upset we're all set you know but why
does that that doesn't make you a better
person it doesn't make it you know I
mean it sure it makes you a human being
and I'm glad you're a human being but it
doesn't make your your points any better
it doesn't make your ideas any better
and this idea that yes we must we must
act now before people forget before they
become unemotional no the exact opposite
is true the exact opposite is true we
should wait we're dealing with an
important right the right to bear arms
in this country is important because
we're a bottom up country we are the
place theoretically I know the left
doesn't like this but theoretically the
idea is that the guy in his general
store in the Midwest and the guy in his
big office in New York are the bosses of
themselves right and the government is
given a certain limited areas that they
can control now I know we're losing this
to this massive bureaucracy called the
deep state and this is part of the
reason I think people get so angry
because they don't even know who to
blame sometimes but but that is the idea
and guns protect that right we don't
have guns the Constitution didn't allow
us to have guns because they wanted us
to go hunting they wanted us to have
guns so that we were the final militia
that defends our rights because that
was how the country was formed and they
you know this whole thing that we have
to own the other thing that they say
there's just not true is we have to do
something we have to do something maybe
not maybe we can't do anything we don't
know whether we have to do something we
don't know if there's anything to do we
don't know who this guy is
maybe Isis is right maybe he was working
for them we don't know maybe he's a
anti-trump guy like the right says doing
that we don't know I mean how do we know
what anything except for the fact we
know he was mentally ill and that is a
problem and I really do believe I really
do believe that the left is creating a
psycho society a psychopathic society
I'll talk about that more in a little
bit but why here's one of the things I
agree with about the left yesterday we
were talking about the media and the
media was saying that Bob Schieffer I
think it was was saying you know yeah we
have all this news we're overwhelmed
with news were overwhelmed with social
media but we don't know what's true and
what's not true and I have to say this
is true and this is the reason you have
to read deeply about everything and what
helps you to read deeply are going to
the people who actually spend money to
send out reporters and cover the stories
and a lot of those places happen in
magazines and texture comm is an app
that gives you so many magazines it is
one of the most addictive apps I have
ever looked at I always joke whenever I
do this ad that once I'm basically
selling a heroin because what should go
into this thing you will not come back
it just has incredible incredible depth
an incredible variety of magazines for a
really low price let me just read you
some of the titles goes everything from
people the Esquire Time Reader's Digest
National Geographic Sports Illustrated
Entertainment Weekly Forbes Vanity Fair
vogue Fast Company Rolling Stone
cosmopolitan you heard that there's some
left-wing stuff in there there's some
right-wing stuff in there but these are
people who have are responsible so that
you can see on the page and judge for
yourself whether you are getting the
truth or not it's searchable you can
mark anything you like and check out
back issues view bonus video content and
they even curate articles and magazines
just for you or whoever you're giving
texture to as a gift this year textures
normally $9.99 a month and you get over
200 magazines for that so
ninety-nine a month is like that's a
really good price for over 200 magazines
if you sign up right now at texture comm
slash Clavin you get okay
avian texture comm slash Kevin you get a
14-day free trial try it because what
will happen is you'll go in one day and
you will look up and it'll be 14 days
later and you'll think yeah this is
pretty good I like this so why subscribe
to just a couple of magazines when you
can have all of your favorites on your
smartphone or tablet all the time for
way less plus texture was selected as
one of Apple's top 2016 iPad apps so
start your free trial now and download
the texture app textures offering my
listeners 14-day free trial when you go
to texture comm slash clayvin 14 days to
try texture for free at texture comm
slash Clavin let me say it one more time
textured dot-com slash Clavin it is so
addictive and you will really enjoy it
we got the mailbag tomorrow so I want to
remind you of that but we have to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube oh we
also have you know we have sexual
follies today and today we're gonna have
dr. shawn smith who's a clinical
psychologist who has written the guy the
tactical guide to women so you're gonna
want to stay tuned for that at the end
of the show if you want to continue
listening you gotta come over to the
daily wire.com if you subscribe for a
lousy 10 bucks a month you can watch the
whole show at the daily wire.com if you
subscribe for a lousy hundred bucks for
the entire year you get the leftist
tears tumblr it kept keeps your leftist
tears cold it keeps them hot whatever
however you like your leftist tears i
don't really like to drink the tears of
leftist but they're just so good i have
to come on over to the daily wire.com so
you know i really want to continue
talking about this a little bit more
this this idea of a motive ism the idea
that your emotions are the only guide
you have toward morality is nuts and it
drives people nuts I really believe you
know a lot of the stuff we see on
college campuses I believe is induced
mental illness now a lot of kids you
know nowadays when when kids are
depressed or when their
attentive or when they're active you
know they don't send him to somebody
he'll talk to them about the fact that
their parents are divorced or their
mother wasn't home or whatever it is
that was bothering them they drugged him
they give him drugs and the drugs get
rid of their depression there but he
says always this is so much better you
know now I gave my little boy Ritalin he
doesn't run around like a little boy he
sits in a seat like a zombie it's so
much easier everybody's so much happier
and then of course these kids go off to
school and they stop taking the drugs
because who wants to be drugged up all
the time and then they're not so you
know then they're they've the mental
illness comes out and they get a lot of
depression a lot of suicide a lot of
stuff that comes out in campuses plus
there are these college professors
selling them this idea that if they're
angry someone else is to blame if
they're angry society is at fault if
they're angry they've been abused
they've been there you know in on some
intersectional chart of abuse and this
is the hope that this induced
psychopathology that I really believe is
now affecting the left throughout as
Donald Trump takes away from them the
reality they wanted there they wanted
Hillary Clinton reality didn't pan out
they feel so bad they feel so bad that
they must be right to abandon their
journalistic principles it must be right
to abandon the search for truth if they
hate guns well let me ask you this Steve
Scalise the congressman who was shot and
almost killed by that Bernie bro at the
Washington softball game he recently
came back a very beautiful scene he came
back and people were cheering him and he
made his speech and all this stuff he
was recently on CBS and I believe this
interview was before Vegas so I'm not
saying this is in relation to Vegas but
the woman said he says police is a big
defender of the Second Amendment and the
interviewer asked and how can this be
when you yourself was shot and hear
Scalise is cooled non-emotional not a
motive answer but you're now a victim of
gun violence yeah but I'm also saved by
weltering people who had guns to shoot
back and whatever the weapons gonna be I
mean if it's if it's not a gun it'll be
a hand grenade or it'll be a knife for
an axe you know I think what's important
to focus on is that we have strong
rights in this country and you know we
were protected by them do you think
all congressmen and women should be able
to have concealed carry permits I'm a
strong believer in concealed carry
legislation it comes with proper
training and I do think it's important
to remember that if you're gonna have a
firearm it's it's important that you
know how to use it and how to protect
your family so that doesn't get into the
wrong hands but it's it's everyday in
America you see people use their
firearms to protect them against a
criminal so there's a guy who actually
took a bullet hey you know from a mad
shooter and is defending the right to
bear arms why isn't he more
authoritative than we P Jimmy Kimmel why
does Jimmy Kimmel think that his tears
and again I'm not making fun of his
emotions I'm making fun of the fact that
he uses his emotions to sell a political
point of view that he doesn't know that
much about I mean these guys keep saying
stuff like they talk about oh the gun
show loophole it's not a loophole it's
the Second Amendment pal you know
there's there are rules against their
rules when you go into a store and buy
guns and some of those rules don't apply
to private sales between people that's
not a loophole it's not looking full
that's the second the Second Amendment
he says a lot of things Jimmy can will
that just aren't true and just aren't
accurate but he's crying so it's all
important let me just show you some of
the true craziness that came out
yesterday because of this emotivism CBS
Corporation fired a vice president in
business affairs for comments she made
on social media regarding the mass
shooting at a Country Music Festival in
Las Vegas her name was hailey gift min
gold and she wrote on her Facebook page
that she was not sympathetic to the
victims of the shooting because most
country music fans she said are
Republicans and she wrote if they
wouldn't do anything where children when
children were murdered meaning if
Republicans wouldn't pass gun controlled
after Sandy Hook I have no hope that
Rapunzel will ever do the right thing
I'm actually not even sympathetic
because country music fans often are
Republican gun toters the comments were
deleted but not before they were picked
up by a number of blogs and websites and
a petition was posted online a call for
her firing and she was
fired as she should have been fired I
mean come on you know like said Richard
Dawkins the atheist right the famous a
thesis
this guy's a scientist right he tweets
compared ly read the sighs tweets Dern
tootin great shootin cool cool dude
certain he's second amendment rights
held yeah sixty people are dead fifty
nine people are dead you know I mean
that that is there's something wrong
what I'm saying is it's not just mean
it's not just cool there's something
wrong there's a disconnect between the
reality of the situation and the
reaction you know here was a Jeff Zeleny
then he's I always have to remind you
he's the New York time former New York
Times reporter who he was a White House
reporter whose first interview with
Barack Obama he asked him what chance
you about the presidency just a complete
left winger so now he's on I think he's
CNN and you know Trump the hilarious
thing yesterday if hilarious is the word
I want ironic I guess is the word I want
was that Donald Trump was restrained you
know Donald Trump not the most
restrained person in the world he got up
and said he hit a pitch-perfect speech
where he said this is pure evil our
minds and thoughts are with the people
the morning people will come together as
a nation bada bada ba Jeff Zeleny could
barely get the praise out of his mouth
without slipping into listen to the
listen to the Freudian slips in this
report of course Las Vegas is a town
that he is connected to and then Anna
knows well his name is emblazoned on the
top of a hotel there as well he
campaigned there a lot so this is
something that I'm not surprised at all
to see him go there visiting early but
again I think the the moment here is
what comes after this this invariable
I'm invariably after today and tomorrow
will become a discussion of politics of
guns it's not appropriate for that
moment that today you will hear it from
some crabs but what will this president
do in that respect will he take a
leadership role in that respect we will
of course watch that as the days unfold
but the president clearly as John said
striking pitch-perfect the tone there
and something else I think to a keep in
mind a lot of these country music
Porter's we're likely Trump supporters
and this is something that of course is
hitting the tapestry of all Americans
and there are going to be victims from
across the country here guys babbling
like an idiot but what he's really
saying was Trump only did this because
he has a hotel in Vegas and because
these are his supporters that's what
he's saying he can't they can't even
bring themself and this goes back I was
talking about this yesterday but now
Trump is in Puerto Rico he apparently
met with the mayor of San Juan that's
what it is right so yeah the mayor of
San Juan Carmen Cruz she's the one who's
been saying oh we're dying here we're
dying and it's all you know terrible and
all this stuff I have to put this is a
long clip but it's worth playing at
Geraldo Rivera reliably sentimentalist
kind of liberal guy he interviews her
and he's been covering the island and he
says I don't see anybody dying you know
there were 16 people who died in these
two horrible hurricanes that if the
island but he said but that's it you
know so listen to this interview listen
to her dance around the question I I
think the president needs to get the
information that that he needs to get
and apparently he hasn't been getting it
or he hasn't been watching the news but
our people are people dying I've been
I've been traveling around I I don't see
people dying I'd spoke to the doctors
they saw a fifty three patients and they
had a septic a person who was septic but
nobody dying I wondered dying is a
continuum right if you don't get fit for
seven eight days in your child you are
dying if you have eleven people like we
took it out of a nursing home severely
dehydrated you are done you wish you had
characterized that a little more it is I
said it the way it is I don't have to
characterize anything in any way that is
not the reality that is the truth he who
has eyes will be able to see it he who
has an open heart will be able to feel
it those that prefer to be blinded to
injustice that's their issue I have no
time for that
how much of that is
politics the fact that you and the
president on different parties and I I'm
not a member of the Democratic Party
people dying well I'm not literally
dying in spirit you know you know and
and the thing is the Trump has claimed
that he got all the aid to Puerto Rico
he could as fast as he could and the one
of the problems is that a lot of the
trucker's a lot of the people on the
island who were supposed to transport
this stuff weren't there and the
governor of the puerto rico ricardo
Rossella he says the same thing he
basically confirmed everything that
trump said play it play this cut is
number eight he was being questioned I
think on the view and of course they're
asking these anti Trump questions and he
said no the problem is exactly what
Trump said it was the president has been
in contact with me almost on a daily
basis so he is aware of the devastation
and I thank him for you know issuing
freelance emergency declarations for
issuing a disaster zone declaration
verbally as the storm was hitting Puerto
Rico he has also given instructions to
FEMA and other federal agencies to help
Puerto Rico so that that effort is
ongoing and it's and it's very good and
it's very effective however there are
some logistical threats that we're
facing a lot of the people in Puerto
Rico that used to say for example truck
gas or food from one place to the other
have not reported
so the logistical transportation of the
help that's arriving to Puerto Rico is
kind of becoming a bottleneck so again
and again because they hate Donald Trump
so much because they hate you so much
because they hate the right so much
because they hate America they the basic
idea of America so much they are selling
you this their emotions as virtue again
and again it is a pathway to mental
illness it is a form of mental illness
itself to believe that your feelings are
an accurate always an accurate
description of the world there is as the
Bible says the time to mourn
is a time to mourn in your mourning in
your mourning as anybody will tell you
about your personal life is not when you
make policy it's not when you start
debates why did why is it so important
why is it so important for them to
convince you that your virtue is tied up
because their virtue is tied up in their
emotions because they have no rational
system of figuring out what virtue is
and this is not the time to be
discussing this this is the time to be
sad which I know is tough I know it's
tough to do but that's all you can do in
a situation like this until we know more
until we know more our police our law
enforcement will figure it out we'll
find out more we'll have more to discuss
and we will be here to discuss it now it
is time for sexual follies
just I would just do that every day I
was at 45 minutes of doing dr. Shawn
Smith is a clinical psychologist
specializing in couples therapy and
anxiety disorders and if you're part of
a couple you probably have anxiety he
has written a book called the tactical
guide to women how men can manage risk
in dating and marriage you can find him
on facebook at shaun t smith psy.d or on
his blog doc Smith dot Co dr. Smith
thank you for coming on I appreciate it
I had to call me Shawn please hello
thanks Shauna
so the tactical guide to women so it
sounds pretty dire why did you decide
you needed to write the book well I've
been in the psychology game for a long
time working in the clinic here and I
work with a lot of guys and a lot of
couples and I see these guys who either
do really well in marriage or they do
very poorly in marriage and it comes
down to the choices that they make
really and um you know the research
there's a lot of research that says a
good relationship is the best thing that
can happen to a man a good marriage we
live longer we're happier we make more
money we have more sex we're healthier
but a bad marriage you know the horror
stories are everywhere and I started
noticing all these guys that come in
came in with these these horrible
relationships that they were in and how
it can be devastating just one quick
example within the last week I met a guy
who went through a very costly divorce
that he had he had to fund and pay for
and he is what ex-wife got primary
custody because he works quite a bit and
so his wife after they got divorced
decided to leave the state take the kids
with her and he had no say over this you
know legal say and he couldn't very well
follow them because he needed this high
paying job that he has here so that he
could support his children and ex-wife
they're in another state and this is the
kind of stuff that just devastates guys
that's well it does and you know I have
to say I meet more and more guys I have
been blessed with one of these weird
marriages from God that really has just
been absolute delight for 40 years but I
meet guys especially young guys were
saying you know what I don't even want
it's too dangerous I do not want to get
in this game let me ask you this before
we get into the actual advice and it in
the tactical guide to women
have things changed I mean as you've
been watching people develop do you
think the dating scene and the sex scene
have changed dramatically
I do think things have changed with with
the sexting and the availability of you
know they available to have cheap easy
sex but there's also I think the vast
majority of people that are actually
looking for some kind of real connection
and I think one of the things that's
changed maybe in the last 50 to a
hundred years is that women have always
been very good at communicating with
each other about the risk management
that you need to take into account when
when they bring a man into their lives
because they've had to be more attentive
to the risk has only been maybe in the
last 50 years or so I don't know I'm not
really a sociologist but wherever we are
now men need to start attending to this
and men are not good and you know
fathers are not good at talking at sons
about how to choose a woman and how to
bring a person into your life whereas
women have been doing this for centuries
and we need to get good at it because it
is now a big risk for us so let's talk
about that I mean how do you how do you
take take this risk on how do you assess
the risk when you're going out on a date
well number one I and this is where I
start in the book is you got to know as
a man where your motivations are coming
from because we don't get a lot of
information from other men about how to
choose women it's really important that
we take a look at why we're choosing
when what did we learn from by watching
the men that were around us and what
kind of history and what kind of
experiences are we bringing into our
choices because if we're not attentive
to what drives us then we're just going
to be on autopilot and we could have all
the wisdom and they're all the
information in the world but we don't
have wisdom and choosing women but
beyond that you know the biggest piece
is knowing the basics about what makes a
good partner and looking at things like
is a woman emotionally stable this is
these are questions that women have been
asking for a long time about us yeah
we're not asking about them do they have
good communication skills and not just
when skies are blue but can they
communicate when you're having a hard
time and do they understand that men and
women communicate differently and it's
not better or worse but are they willing
to listen to our side you know our our
method of communication do they have
some basic mental health problems as or
permeates
sigh you like substance abuse depression
anxiety personality disorders I touch on
in the book these are all things that if
you're gonna be in the dating arena and
you're thinking about bringing somebody
into your life you better have a little
wisdom about what makes relationships
work you're essentially saying I mean
everybody who really pays attention
realizes that women are a lot more
practical than men when it comes to
dating I mean men you know I seriously I
married my wife because she was hot and
beautiful and I you know and all the
stuff it was only later that I realized
that I just done a good thing I think I
think men gets swept away in the visuals
and the sexual attraction in a way that
women sometimes don't I mean women are
really thinking are you a good provider
women know what they want better don't
they yeah and you and I have a very
similar story I I I married a hot
beautiful woman who is smart and funny
and all that and it's only been we've
been married 18 years or so it's only
been in like in the last 10 years and I
really appreciate how good this is and I
despite myself I stumbled into something
good because I was not thinking about it
I wasn't planning yeah when women do
think about these things what do you
think are some of the danger signs I
mean what you say you like look for a
woman who's emotionally stable and all
this stuff but but what what are the the
kind of obvious things that guys miss
when they're on a date the obvious
things that guys miss because actually
let me jump back to your previous point
there is some research that says that we
are more vulnerable to falling in love
quicker or or getting attached quicker
or you know Percy becoming sort of
territorial about a woman and
considering her you know something that
that we need to have and so yes we are
to your previous point vulnerable to
that whereas women tend to be a little
more thoughtful that's kind of
counterintuitive but there's some
research to back that up and as far as
the obvious things people need guys need
to be looking for the things that we
don't see are like how does she treat
the people in her life
how does she talk about her exes you
know if every one of her exes fell from
grace well guess what you're gonna fall
from grace at some point if they're all
jerks you're gonna be a jerk I'm looking
at her friends the people that hit she
surrounds herself with we get very
narrow-minded on this woman that we
think we need to have and we're not
paying attention to the people that she
chooses to have in her life and you know
they say that you are the average of the
five people you spend the most time with
that can be very telling
but I'm excusing one of the things that
guys really need to be attentive to is
taking their time because the the
qualities that make for a that reduce
your risk of you know ending up in
Family Court and that sort of thing they
show up over a long period of time and
and we have this this honeymoon phase
that's been quantified as like 9 to 18
months where we're not thinking straight
and they're not thinking straight and we
need to get past that and then give it
time and then see what shows up in her
personality in her social circle that's
a long time 9 to 18 months I'd always
heard it was more like six months that
you could sort of wait for the the
chemicals to pass and get a clearer view
I mean do you really think people have
to wait a year and a half before they
make any big decisions I don't think it
necessarily needs to be a year and a
half and this the this data is coming
from people getting a very researches
getting a very rough sense of how our
brain chemistry changes when we're in
this infatuation stage and when our
chemistry deviates from its baseline
and obviously we don't all have access
to these tests so one way to know when
you're coming out of that honeymoon
phase is that you're not idealizing this
person anymore like you used to and
little things are starting to annoy you
and they're becoming a real human being
rather than this idealized person you've
you've been having sex with for six
months and it's been wonderful so when
they become real that's when that's when
you're probably exiting the honeymoons
when one of the things that I talk about
a lot is I talk about the fact that
marriage has become financially or
economically in some ways it's become a
bad deal for men the children no longer
take over your farm you know the the
women are sometimes won't make a home
for you I mean one of the things my wife
did that was so valuable to me is she
she made a home for me she raised my
children you know we were we were a team
I could go out and do some of the things
that meant so much to me because of her
women some women don't want to do that
wait what rule the values play in in
dating I mean what should you be looking
for and turn to suit you'll be looking
for someone who shares your values or
can opposites attract where do you come
down on that
yeah the opposites attract set that's
fun
we like a challenge and when maybe we
can win this person over to our side or
I was a little spark there and it's
exciting but the research doesn't back
it up that you really need to find
somebody whose values line up with yours
actually I have a whole chapter on this
and like I said that first third of the
book is about sizing you up as a man are
you siding yourself up and a big piece
of that is understanding where your
values are and being forthright about it
because we can you men can be chameleons
when we're trying to win a woman over
you don't need to hide yourself be
forthright with yourself about what your
values are and then be unapologetically
honest about where your values lie where
your masculinity lies don't sell her a
bill of goods that's gonna it's gonna
come back to haunt you later
I think that is such great advice
because I think a lot of times guys
basically they're thinking about scoring
they want to make a good impression
they hope the girls stay overnight and
then you find that she's moved in and he
the kind of you're on that train and
really I think you're honest you know
maybe maybe you'll score a little less
but you'll make a better long-term
decision really good advice yeah dr.
Shawn Smith the author of the tactical
guide to women how men can manage risk
in dating and marriage Shawn thanks very
much for coming on really interesting
conversation Thank You Andrea all right
sexual follies
can you play it again come on play it
again
I mean I'm here for the laughs right I'm
not working for pay here folks
anyway really interesting I've gained
Juris world out there it's good to have
some decent that was decent advice chest
right I mean oh you couldn't hear him oh
you couldn't right you'll have to listen
to it and tell me tomorrow with advice
tomorrow is the mailbag questions about
religion about your personal life about
politics we will answer them all the
answers are guaranteed 100% correct and
will change your life the person that
you see today will not be the person you
see tomorrow for one thing he will have
subscribed for a lousy 10 bucks and
he'll be short dead but Matthew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show we'll see
you again tomorrow
