speaking of political disagreement and
you know the polarization of our
politics that social fabric those common
values as I say are being split and
you're seeing it in in some of these
Democratic campaigns one of those
campaigns is from Stacy Adams she's the
Georgia gubernatorial candidate for the
Democrats and she was caught on tape
talking about free markets here's what
she had to say here she's saying the
free market has never solved any
problems in medical field which is
obviously untrue
these are baseline route issues in
American politics so I think Stacey
Abrams is therefore lacking character no
I don't I think she's just wrong I think
she's wrong and she doesn't know enough
about economics and she's
misinterpreting the economics that she
does know but is she a bad person I
don't know Stacey Abrams probably not
even though you know there's tape of her
I believe now burning a flag back in
college so I guess we've now ripping
directly from scripts written by Aaron
Sorkin like we're actually just gonna do
the American president all over again
with Stacey Abrams
