so it turns out there are these three
professors and these three professors
Helen pluck rose James Lindsay and Peter
pegasion and they decided to prank all
of these stupid academic journals out
there the story is so great I love it so
much
here is Peter pegasion explaining what
exactly they did to prank these journals
since approximately June of 2017 I along
with two other concerned academics Peter
Berg ocean and Helen pluck Rose have
been writing intentionally broken
academic papers and submitting them to
highly respected journals and fields
that study gender race sexuality and
similar topics we did this to expose a
political corruption has taken hold of
the university by this point several of
these papers have been accepted in
highly respected journals and one that
claims that dog humping incidents can be
taken as evidence of rape culture has
been officially honored as excellent
scholarship I'm not going to lie to you
we had a lot of fun with this project
don't let that lead you to believe that
we're not addressing a serious problem
if you have a few minutes I'll try to
explain okay it's so good it's so good
so what did they do they submitted all
of these insane papers to these
feminists and Gender Studies journals
and they all got printed and the papers
are unreal so there's the dog park paper
you heard him described there about wide
dog humping incidents our rape culture I
talked about it on the show here there's
another one so with the crota paper
excuse me it's so good they wrote a
paper claiming though when a guy
privately pleasures himself while
thinking about a woman without her
consent
in fact without her ever finding out
about it that he's committed sexual
violence against her that was printed in
a queer studies journal okay they argue
they today wrote a paper arguing that
the reason super intelligent AI is
potentially dangerous is because it is
being programmed
I want to give these people a medal they
argue that the reason super intelligent
AI is potentially dangerous is because
it is being programmed to be masculinist
and imperialist using Mary Shelley's
Frankenstein and Lacanian psychoanalysis
that's their feminist AI paper they
argued that a fat body is a legitimately
built body as a foundation for
introducing a category for fat body
building into the sport of professional
bodybuilding a journal called fat
studies it's so good they they found
something called feminist Glaciology
okay this is a real thing apparently so
they copied the idea and then they wrote
a feminist astronomy paper arguing the
feminist and queer astrology should be
considered part of the science of
astronomy which will brand as
intrinsically sexist and researchers
loved it then they wrote a paper about
trans people in the workplace says men
use male preserves to enact dying macho
masculinity is just masculinities
discourses in a way society at large
moans except they published a paper best
summarised as quote a gender scholar
goes to Hooters to try to figure out why
it exists okay it's so it's so great D
familiarising common experience is
pretending to be mystified by them and
then looking for social constructions to
explain him sure oh man I can't even
read this one on the air Wow it's it
would be so I'll try to explain this in
the most PG rated possible way wow this
is gonna be a challenge so they did a
paper on certain toys implements that
are used in times of intimacy typically
by men who are not straight so that they
asked the question why don't straight
men tend to pleasure themselves via use
of these implements that are generally
used by gay men and what would happen if
they did and their paper was printed in
sexuality and culture when they
concluded
men would be less transphobic and more
feminist if they allowed themselves to
be treated in a way that straight men
typically are not particularly fond of
you know that they try to avoid why we
tried to avoid going to the proctologist
as often as possible I had the very best
one of course the very best one is that
they they submitted a paper to the
social the feminist Social Work Journal
of philia okay this is what they did
a feminist rewrite of a chapter from
mine Kampf they literally took a chapter
from mine Kampf their play some of the
language with feminist language and they
submitted it to affiliate affiliate
prints in it okay is it fair to say that
all of this stuff is garbage that all of
these journals are garbage I think it's
pretty fair to say that I think it's
pretty fair to say that at the time of
the publishing they have seven papers
accepted four of which have been
published online three more have been
accepted without having had time to see
the publication through seven papers are
still in play six were retired is
fatally flawed they had four invitations
to peer-review other papers as a result
of their own exemplary scholarship and
one paper that gained special
recognition for excellence from gender
placing culture that was the dog humping
paper just spectacular just spectacular
I love this they said part three why did
we do this because a racist sexist
bigoted misogynistic homophobic
transphobic trans hysterical
anthropocentric problematic privileged
bullying far right-wing sis hetero
straight white males and one female
who's demonstrating her internalized
misogyny an overwhelming need for male
approval who wanted to enable bigotry
but reserved our privilege and take the
side of hate but the real answer is that
obviously they're joking
the real answer is that these things are
just Charles chunk post-modernism is a
bag of junk it's a bag of junk and they
just proved it this is this is so much
it's basically a stepped-up version of
that story that that was floating around
for a while from modern art museum or a
guy went to a modern art museum took off
his glasses put them on the floor and
then just stood there staring at them
and sin there were a hundred people
crowded around to stare at his glasses
on the floor they did this for like five
minutes and then he reaches down picks
up his glasses wipes them off puts him
on and leaves all right so that's
basically that except for academic
studies journals I can't believe that
people are upset about the idea of me
subsidizing someone to study these
topics at college we should all be for
this okay so you know what that really
should have gone in things I like
because it is the thing that I like
most of all the things
