so joining us here on this bench Shapiro
Shore was special we're doing Facebook
live with Edward phasor professor phasor
is an author and associate professor of
philosophy at Pasadena City College in
California if you've been watching the
show you know that I've quoted him
routinely in the last couple of weeks
since I had the opportunity to read a
couple of his books his latest book is
five proofs of the existence of God he's
one of the few writers on philosophy who
can actually write which is which is a
relief I mean you actually read his
books and they are full of words that
you understand and are not written in
the in the jargon of Immanuel Kant's you
can find him online at Edward phasor
calm FES er calm professor Fraser thanks
so much for joining me thanks for having
me so you know I want to start off by
asking you you talk a little bit in your
in your books really in the introduction
about the fact that you used to be an
atheist and then you moved toward
religion so what was it that drove you
toward religious thought in the first
place because usually here the opposite
yeah what happened was that I was
teaching I was teaching introduction to
philosophy classes and I was teaching a
philosophy religion class and I was an
atheist at the time and so I because you
know you want students to to be
introduced to material that they're
gonna find interesting especially since
it might be the only philosophy class
they ever take I thought well
everybody's interested in whether God
exists whether they have a negative or
hostile interest in it or not they're
interested in the question whether God
exists I mean if they end up being
atheist so I thought well we'll cover
Thomas Aquinas and some of the other
traditional defenders of arguments for
God's existence but it got boring
teaching this material and lining the
arguments up and shooting them down with
the standard objections that at the time
I thought were good objections so I
thought well I'm gonna try to make a you
know a bit of a horse race out of this
try to make it an interesting debate by
seeing how far one could try to defend
and make interesting the traditional
arguments for God's existence so I
revisited the literature on that I got
back into the literature on Aristotle
and Thomas Aquinas and Leibniz and
others in preparing my lectures and
trying to make the argument sound
interesting at least for a lecturer too
even though at the time I didn't find
them convincing and as time went on and
I got deeper and deeper into this stuff
I realized that a lot of the objections
that are standardly raised against the
arguments are based on
caricatures they're just aimed at straw
men things that Aquinas and live mints
and others never actually said so the
deeper I got into what I went from
thinking well these arguments are
they're not quite as bad as I thought
they were to thinking well these
arguments are actually kind of
interesting to thinking we mean these
arguments are actually pretty powerful
and finally at one point it hit me these
guys were right all along and I'd had
them completely wrong and most
philosophers who most philosophers don't
specialize in this stuff they don't
specialize in the philosophy of religion
they may take a class or even just part
of a class when they're undergrads and
they learn these stock objections and
then once and probably dismissed the
arguments and never revisit them and it
can't I came to realize that most
philosophers who comment on and
especially those who take a dismissive
attitude about the arguments of an
Aquinas or alignment they don't even
really know the first thing and their
argument their objections are it's
typically as aimed at straw men just as
much as you know a sort of pop atheist
like a Richard Dawkins or Sam Harris
might my direct is the arguments at
straw men so that played a big role in
bringing me back to a belief in God so
professor Fraser one of the things that
you don't do in these books is defend
biblically the biblical realism so they
had the idea that I just want to put
that off the table for the moment
because that's not what you're talking
about in these books so people are
putting these books up because they want
a defense of Sinai or defense of Jesus
that's not what these books are these
books are a defense of the general
notion of the presence of a God who
fulfills all of these same criteria as
the biblical monotheistic God omnipotent
omniscient existing outside of time like
the and you explained in a rationalist
way why it is imperative that why
rationality basically mandates that
these things exist it seems like a lot
of the arguments in five proofs of the
existence of God basically boiled down
to avoiding the infinite regress and
meaning that the the caricature of the
argument that is usually used for God is
well you guys say that everything was
created and therefore there need to be a
God because we can't just infinitely
regress from object to object and so
there has to be a stopping point so
there's this idea that the unmoved mover
the boiling down of the Aristotelian
argument is that there's an unmoved
mover there's like a rock at the very
beginning that started all of the
dominoes
and we have to posit the existence of
the rock otherwise we can't explain all
the dominoes moving but the the
objection that is most commonly raised
and you address it in five fruits of the
existence of God and I think it'd be
worthwhile to address it here is well
why does there have to be a rock at all
what created the rock what made the rock
move did the rock move itself why
doesn't it why can't it just be an
infinite regress of causes forever yeah
this is one of the caricatures in fact
it's probably the biggest caricature and
straw man that a theist typically direct
their fire at it's a personal pet peeve
of mine and that's the idea that these
arguments rests on the premise that
everything has a cause and then the
Atheist naturally goes on to say well if
everything is a cause then what cause
God and if you say that nothing causes
God and why should you just go ahead and
say nothing cause the universe the
problem without objection though is it's
it's it's aimed at a straw man no
defender of a first cause argument for
God's existence in the history of
philosophy ever gives this dumb argument
everything is a cause the universe has a
cause and it's interesting that when
people attack this argument they never
give a citation and every quote where
they got it from they never quote a line
from Aquinas or liveness or Duns Scotus
or Aristotle or any these guys because
they never said that they never say
everything as a cause what they say is
something like what goes from potential
to actual has a cause or what is
contingent meaning what exists but could
have failed to exist in principle what's
contingent requires a cause or they say
what comes into being has a cause but
that's as different from saying that
everything has a cause as saying that
triangles have three sides is different
from saying that all geometrical figures
have three sides so part of the problem
there is it just is just a straw man
once you properly understand the
argument though if you just take the
Aristotelian argument for example which
which arrests in part on the premise
that what goes from potential to actual
has a cause then the idea is that when
we trace the series of things being
actualized so the you know the my coffee
cup is got coffee in it it's a growing
cold and that involves the the liquid
going from being potentially cold
actually cold okay and so something has
to actualize that potential but more
fundamentally the very existence of the
water in the cup or the water in the
coffee or of the cup itself has to be
actualized and asked to be actualized
here and now
but something else going on here and now
the idea is that when you keep appealing
to one thing being actualized by another
which is actualized by another and so
forth your past in the metaphysical buck
as it were you're not really explaining
anything you're deferring the
explanation and so until you get to
something that can actualize without
itself being actualized something which
can do that precisely because it has no
potentiality in it at all to be
actualized if always and already is as
it were fully actual so you get to that
you don't really have an explanation
anymore than say if you you know if you
yeah go ahead
so one of the things that was
interesting is I was just being at
University of Utah and this exact topic
came up and the the atheist that I was
talking to eventually end up coming back
around to what is the most common
response to this which is the Bertrand
Russell okay so eventually it's just a
brute fact right so yeah there's just a
you eventually hit the brute fact wall
and that's it like there's a fact that
fact started everything you can't get
beyond that fact and it seems to me that
what's so funny is that a lot of
atheists accuse people who are religious
of being in favor of a God of the gaps
that we where we don't know we fell it
with God it seems to me the brute facts
is basically a God of the gaps you're
basically set throwing up your hands and
saying okay well brute fact well what's
different about that than just throwing
up your hands and saying okay God what's
what's the difference there yeah I would
say there's a degree in the book there
at least two problems with this brute
fact response first of all it's entirely
arbitrary and has no motivation
whatsoever other than is a way to try to
avoid having to admit the existence of
God right so no one in any other context
would admit or it would allow as a
serious response the objection that well
is just a brute fact right I mean if I
you know if a you mix two chemicals
together in the chemistry lab and an
explosion occurs and the professor says
what were you guys doing right the
students as well is just a brute fact
professor that the explosion occurred no
explanation wouldn't tell you and maybe
you're right you know yeah I have read
David Hume right nobody would take that
seriously in a context like that the
only place where people start saying
well maybe it's just a brute fact is
when they get to the existence of a
necessary being that keeps the whole
world together in other words when they
get to the existence of God then
suddenly they start thinking well maybe
there are brute facts after all so it's
a completely arbitrary and and and not
independently motivated objection that's
one problem another problem with that
though is that
the minute you allow in brute facts at
all into the world as I argue in the
book it ends up sort of eating away say
it's a universal ass that eats a way of
all explanation it takes down all signs
of the explanation with it because if
you go to say for example I mean
Bertrand Russell says this jail Macky
was otherwise a pretty formidable 8th
ackee says this as well though and I
think this is a lapse of his they both
say well you know we can explain
everything that occurs in the world by
taking it down to deeper and deeper laws
of nature but when we get to the deepest
level of laws of nature whatever they
turn out to be well that's just a brute
fact right problem with that is that if
the higher-level laws of nature rest on
the lower-level ones and those on some
lower-level ones but when you get to the
bottom you get to something that has no
intelligibility or explanation at all
it's just a brute fact then that's what
it takes down the explanatory force of
everything above it it's like you know
carefully putting a book on a shelf so
it won't fall carefully putting that
shelf on some bracket so the Shelf
doesn't fall carefully attaching those
brackets to further brackets so they
don't fall and then instead of screwing
the brackets into the wall just letting
them hang there in midair well the whole
thing is gonna fall down and take the
book down with it
you can't have an ultimate explanation
until you get to something that is
self-explanatory of its very nature it
couldn't be otherwise in other words
something like God rather than just
saying it's average fat allowing a
little Brutus into the world you might
say there's no say it's like being a
little pregnant there's no you know no
such thing is a little bit of brute fact
in the world you let a little bit in and
it takes the whole thing down ok so
professor phase phaser who's the author
of five proofs of the existence of God
he should go by it
right now and he's also the author of
the book the last superstition which is
also a terrific book which I've
recommended on the show I want to ask
you something it's a little bit
off-topic from from this particular
argument but one that that seems to be
gaining increased steam and I think that
really poses a danger to civilization
you know aside from the normal dangers
that that atheism poses to morality and
that is the the view of free will that
seems to be cropping up among a lot of
neuroscientists that basically say that
free will doesn't exist because there
are things like the labbett test that
suggests that your brain activity
actually occurs before you're
consciously aware that you're making a
decision
so the
questions of free will to me this is the
root of all civilization and it's the
greatest danger that's being posed by
modern science how do you respond to
suggestions that basically we're all
animals were we're firing our neurons
are firing we're not in control of those
neurons we may be self-aware to the
extent that we know what's happening to
us or think we know what's happening to
us but we are as Spinoza said basically
rock sailing through the universe
thinking that we threw ourselves but we
didn't throw ourselves we're just aware
that we're flying so what's the freewill
response is a compatibilism is it is it
in determinism only what how do we
square neuroscience and how the brain
functions with the idea that we have the
capacity to choose otherwise well yeah
that's a big topic I mean one of the
things I would say in in response
initially is that I think all the
arguments that people give from
neuroscience against the existence of
freewill are really exercises in
sophistry and they contain all kinds of
unexamined philosophical assumptions
there's a really good book by a guy
named Alfred Mele who called free why
science hasn't disproved free will it's
like a hundred pages or less really good
exposition of arguments like Benjamin
libbets criticism of free will and Mele
does a pretty good job of undermining
those arguments and one of the things he
points out is how deeply those arguments
make philosophical assumptions that they
don't justify they simply take for
granted a certain interpretation of the
of the neuroscientific evidence right so
in the case of the limit experiments for
example he's got this experimental setup
where he's got subjects who are supposed
to if I remember the setup correctly
it's been a little while since I looked
at this but they're supposed to you know
press a certain button after they feel
an urge to to do so and then they report
when they had the urge and when they go
ahead and and and press the button say
or they might be look at some spot of
light on the dial or something I think
that might be what it is and then limit
concludes from this that well when we
measure what's happening the neural
activity that seems to be associated
with the action with their response
seems to occur slightly you know
milliseconds before the time that they
report having a sensation of choice or a
feeling of actually actually going ahead
and following through with the act
that he asked them to do so he says
since the neural neurological activity
preceded the report of their choice it
must be this unconscious neural activity
that precedes their choice that is
really responsible for the action and
free will has nothing to do with it okay
well that's one way to interpret that
evidence but there all kinds of other
ways to interpret it that Mele spells
out in the book one of which is this
that it could be I mean one problem with
this is look as melee it points out is
that limit only really look for cases
where the neural neurological activity
occurred and then the the action
followed but he doesn't measure case he
doesn't look for cases where the
neurological activity occurs and then no
response follows so for all limits
evidence shows it might be that the
neurological activity that he measured
is a necessary condition for the action
but not a sufficient one maybe you need
the neurological urological activity
together with a separate act of free
choice nothing in the evidence he
appeals to that rules that possibility
out there's also the fact that he's got
a very crude model of what a free choice
is seems to think that a free choice is
something that involves this full-on
explicit conscious thought I am now
going to make a choice well most of our
free choices are not like that as I'm
talking to you know I don't think okay
now I'm going to move my lips up now I'm
going to close them now I'm going to
move them up I just talk and I'm doing
it freely in the ordinary sense of free
choice but without it being this full-on
conscious decision so insofar as libbets
looking for some full-on consciously
reportable decision and asked his
subjects to report that he's really
aiming his he's really aiming at a kind
of caricature of what free choice
involves okay so those are a couple
problems of several and there are many
others that Mele points out in the book
that's one problem another problem I
would point out with these neurological
arguments is that they're really only
capturing an aspect of the full story
Aristotle and Aristotelian philosophers
traditionally distinguish four
components of a complete explanation
there's the material cause of a thing
the stuff out of which a thing is made
there's a for the formal cause the
former pattern that that stuff is taken
on so you can think of you know a rubber
ball the material cause would be the met
the the rubber the matter that it's made
out of the formal cause might
spiracle and solid pattern that it's
taken on there's the efficient cause
what brings the ball into existence and
then there's the final cause the end or
purpose of the of the ball which is to
function as a toy okay what modern
neuroscientists are essentially doing to
a very large extent I don't want to say
everything they say fits into this
description but to a large extent
they're studying material and efficient
causes of our actions but not formal and
final causes so they're really only
looking at half the story it's like a
it's like a you know imagine an art
critic who only studies the chemistry of
the pigments of the ink or of the paint
in the painting is looking at and thinks
that he can deduce from that all the
significance of the painting well he's
studying the material cause of the
painting but he's he's not he's not he's
not covering every aspect of the
painting and he's leaving out the most
important aspect in the same way a
neuroscientist who looks only at the
level of neural wiring and the life and
motor responses is only looking at part
of the complete story of human action so
if you doesn't find free will there is
looking at the wrong place just like if
you look at the significance of a
painting in the chemistry the pigments
you're looking in the wrong place of
course you're not gonna find it there
well this is fascinating and I love the
ears it's great that I can ask these
questions because still fluent in all
these different areas philosophy again
the book is five proofs of the existence
of God the book goes through exactly
what it promises there are five
different proofs the Aristotelian the
Neoplatonic the Augustinian the domestic
and the rationalist and it really is it
really is fascinating so you should go
out and you should buy it right now you
should get professor phasors books as
soon as they come out I mean this is
he's become in in three short weeks I've
read a couple of his books and and he's
become one of my favorite authors and
obviously a very wise man who spent an
awful lot of time thinking about these
issues much more than I think that most
people do especially people who read
Papa atheist books or pop religion books
professor Fraser thanks so much for
stopping by and I hope that we boost you
on Amazon a little bit thanks a lot whoo
it's great being here thanks so much
