today is the anniversary of the
destruction of the World Trade Center
the murder of 3,000 people in the name
of Islam 16 years later we'll be talking
about what is the greatest threat to
Liberty today also we'll talk about that
wild Steve Bannon interview and how much
the Hollywood stars hate you a lot
Michael Knowles the king of trolls will
tell us all about it but first NFL
football is back and many football
players are protesting something or
other by showing disrespect for the
American flag Colin flapper Jack or
whatever his name used to be is still
refusing to stand up for the national
anthem though he can now refuse in the
comfort of his own sofa since no one
will hire him to play since he refuses
to stand up for the national anthem also
it may have something to do with the
fact that his girlfriend issued some
loony manifesto demanding that white
people give all their property to black
people maybe someone should explain to
her they whether you're white or black
people only give you stuff when you do a
little something called work which by
the way doesn't include issuing loony
manifestos anyway despite the fact that
football players are paid millions of
dollars to throw a ball around and knock
each other down which let's face it is
what most guys wish they were doing most
of the time many players still feel the
need to dishonor the flag by refusing to
stand up during the national anthem this
is a protest against something but I
don't care what because they're
dishonouring the flag by refusing to
stand up during the national anthem now
don't get me wrong each and every one of
these millionaire men has the right to
dishonour the flag for the simple reason
that other men who mostly weren't
millionaires fought and died to protect
the flag call me a crazy jingoist hyper
patriot but that right there seems like
a good reason to honor the flag since it
seems possible to me that each of the
men who fought and died protecting the
flag might have preferred to not die but
instead to be a millionaire throwing a
ball around or even a thousandaire
taking a quiet walk with his wife from
time to time but instead they died
trying to make sure that that flag would
still be there so millionaire football
players would have the right to
dishonour it by not standing up for the
national
anthem to protest something but who
cares what the National Football League
is not entirely happy that some of the
young men they've turned into
millionaires are dishonouring the flag
by refusing to stand for the national
anthem
because oddly enough some of the people
who used to enjoy watching football and
going to football games don't enjoy it
so much when it dishonours a flag for
which their sons were the sons of people
they know or the sons of people they've
never met have fought and died now me
personally I love football and I know
our country is not perfect because it
has people in it and whenever you let
those idiots in perfection goes out the
window
and I recognize a millionaires right to
protest something or other who cares
what but here's a protip for football
players stand up for your flag because
you have the right not to and it was
bought at a price knuckleheads trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
I'll likely a likely sorry see this is
because we didn't use zip recruiter guys
if we had use if ruder comm and hiring
our staff this thing would be working
like clockwork everything would just be
going great because because instead of
going to the local hospital and saying
hey you not looking too good would you
like a job recruiter you post your job
to a hundred plus job sites with just
one click and then their powerful
technology efficiently matches the right
people to your job better than anyone
else and better than just standing out
in the street inviting people in for a
paycheck
that's why super it's different you know
the staff loves it when I make these
jokes by the way they've a really good
job sites zip recruiter doesn't depend
on candidates finding you it finds them
in fact eighty percent of employers will
post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site
within one day there's no juggling
emails or calls to your office you
simply screen rate and manage candidates
all in one place with recruiters
easy-to-use dashboard find out today why
zip recruiter has been used by
businesses of all sizes to find the most
qualified job candidates with immediate
results it's because they don't want
their place to look like this oh it's on
fire listeners can post jobs on zip
recruiter for free that's right free
just go to zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire that's a zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire all one word daily wire
one more time to try it for free go to
zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
don't let this happen the great troll of
trolls Michael Knowles is gonna be here
to discuss Hollywood stars they just
hate us they hate us so much we have to
we should begin with a quick shout out
to far to the people in Florida and
Houston I know
suffering the big storm hit you know in
this storm
by the time it reached the Florida coast
it was downgraded to a tropical storm
and people are picking on Rush Limbaugh
because Rush Limbaugh said you know they
basically the deep state and the media
and the left use these storms to promote
their climate agenda and they made it
sound as if Limbaugh who is in floor is
in Florida he knows what a hurricane
looks like they made it sounds as if he
was saying that that this hurricane was
a conspiracy of the left which is not I
happened to be listening when he went
into this thing it's not at all what he
was saying all he was saying was that
they used this weather you know there
haven't been hurricanes really haven't
hasn't been a bad hurricane for ten
years or so so all this stuff that Al
Gore is a prophet it's like you have to
wait around a long time before these
prophecies come true and I I have worked
in the news business when a hurricane
was coming this is a true story I worked
at a radio station wor a hurricane was
on the way to hit New York City they
were telling us scare people scare
people that makes people listen to scare
them scare them scare them and so I
started to scare them i Gasca i was
calling my wife seeing tape up the
windows tape up the window and of course
we got a little rain and it passed on so
there is there is economic reasons and
political reasons why they promote these
hurricanes beyond what they are and of
course you do want people to be safe you
don't want them to take chances
Steve Bannon that was like I found that
a really fascinating interview with 60
minutes yesterday and the most
interesting thing about it to me was not
the information but it was it was the
dynamic because Bannon sort of
represents the the magda Trump that
Sebastien Gorka yes sorry Sebastian
Gerta was talking about on the show a
couple of days ago this this Trump who
comes in with this economic nationalist
agenda who is against all flags who
doesn't represent the mainstream
Republicans doesn't represent the
mainstream Democrats and never ever ever
apologizes to the press and the thing
that got me so much was he was
interviewed on 60 minutes by Charlie
Rose who I just think is an overrated
and overrated nothing basically I mean
he the guy isn't nothing burger and he
has gotten away with this kind of in
intellectual patina that is just not
deserved you know he doesn't deserve let
me just play one clip of Rose asking
Bannon about Dhaka okay this this thing
with the illegal immigrants and just
listen to the question this is cut five
the thing is it's not beneath him it's
this entire career you know just think
every word that Charlie Rose just said
is untrue this is why people respect us
there are white people respect this they
respect us because we come over to their
country when Nazis attack them and kill
the Nazis that's why they respect us
they respect us because we're free and
big and rich and is it works the freedom
works you know and these are not
immigrants these are illegals these
people came in II legally it's about the
rule of law and by the way a
photographer on Twitter pointed out
today that with you look at the the
drapes behind each of these principles
they're they're the same color in real
life but they're different colors as
they put them out there and the way they
colorized the bannin section of the
interview made Bannon look terrible now
Balan is not you know he looks a little
dissipated but he look has these red
eyes and he looks like his skin is
falling off and then when they go over
to Rose suddenly everything is softened
and everything is much different so the
whole thing was was that kind of press
and Charlie Rose the the look of sorrow
on this you know that look you know
we're a nation of immigrants you know
what is he talking about you're talking
about laws that are being passed and
that were an unconstitutional executive
order in this case why are they not
asking those questions this is the kind
of thing this is the kind of thing that
makes Trump and guys like Bannon look so
good Bannon yes Bannon about Trump's
Twitter feed this is cut one
listen to bannon's answer listen to the
way he treats rose and the media so it
was you know it's amazing to me that
Charlie Rose can sit there with his face
hanging out and say you know oh it's not
in the president's best interest and
Bannon is exactly right Charlie Rose
doesn't care about the president's best
interest he doesn't care every question
that Charlie Rose asked was a setup he
would you dodged around he asked him
when Bannon said that the Russian
investigation was total non
Rose kept saying but but did the
Russians try to affect the election the
Russians try to affect every election
and guess what we try to affect all of
their elections and where does that have
to do with Donald Trump and you know the
entire investigation has been run that
way whenever Trump says Trump says I
don't have anything to do with this
Trump says he had nothing to do with
Russia but he had a business deal going
on with what's that got to do with
anything he's a businessman of course he
had business deals going on in Russia
and everyplace else
everything about this interview was a
setup including the color changes and
and Bannen I have to say Benin's
basically his saying about himself is
that is from that YouTube video about
the honey badger honey badger don't care
I think they say it a little more
politely than that but it's honey but
badger don't care and it's a it was a
viral video and it's very funny and and
that's what's being communicated here
and that's why in this even in this
which is edited by 60 minutes edited by
CBS News Bannen rips these guys apart
because we all feel this way we're all
just waiting for someone to play honey
badger to the media now as in terms of
the meat of the interview it was kind of
interesting because he goes after the
GOP pretty pretty hard and he he has
this this thing where he talks about
them trying to nullify I'm not sure what
number cut this is he tries to get them
to 7 yes go to 7 the Republican stops
are trying to nullify the results of
this election so the he puts the
establishment GOP as the enemy here and
he then blames them he blames them for
the failure to repeal Obamacare he
basically says they came in and made all
these promises that even they didn't
know they couldn't keep so this is cut
number 6 and just he really goes after
them and it's a really interesting
moment because of what he then says
after this so listen to the way he
blames the Republican establishment for
dropping the ball on Obamacare I mean
this this is that is a totally rational
response I mean there is there is
something about this administration
that's actually illustrated by what he
was saying that the whole idea of
putting an outsider in there means that
he's going to get rolled by the people
who are there and Bannon makes the point
the Trump went in thinking this is about
people but it's really about in
Lucian's it's really about the Senate
and the Congress and all this and
everybody protecting his power and the
Trump didn't understand that and he
thinks it's about who's your friends and
nobody is your friend now this argument
that they're making that the Republicans
are the bad guys here is an argument
that the right wing is very very
sympathetic to okay we on the right and
I'm one of the people on the right we
love to attack our guys we love to
attack Paul Ryan he's wrangling cats and
house he's not doing a good job you know
and and I have problems with him but
that's not the thing we love to attack
Mitch McConnell where was he why didn't
he do this stuff but a lot of
commentators when Trump made this when
Trump made this deal with who I guess we
have to now call him Chuck and Nancy
right scoobert and Pelosi now there are
friends there Trump's friends Chuck and
Nancy when he made this deal for the
debt ceiling and the hurricane fun thing
with them a lot of people said yeah
that's showing Ryan cuz Ryan's awry no
that's showing McConnell cuz McConnell's
a rhino but of course that doesn't make
any sense because Chuck and Nancy aren't
even rhinos they hunt Republicans even
in name only they are far far left-wing
Democrats and they are going to play
Trump you know they can make deals look
Chuck Schumer's just as good a deal
maker if not better than Donald Trump
ever was he can write the art of the
deal all he wants structure this is what
Chuck Schumer does it's what Donald
Trump does you know there's there's
going to be tangling together and Trump
is not gonna always win and so and he
certainly doesn't look like he won in
that deal but but the one thing about
this and I this this idea that the
always Trump people have the Trump is
playing six degrees six dimension chess
it's very hard for me to buy into but
sometimes he does have this instinct he
does have incredible instincts and
making this deal with the Democrats did
threaten to make the Republicans
irrelevant and I think if they haven't
panicked there is a story I was on
Politico Paul Ryan GOP will replace
Obamacare cut taxes and fund wall by
August
okay so House Speaker Paul Ryan on
Wednesday outlined a packed legislative
agenda for this year in which
Republicans would repeal and replace
Obamacare by April fund Donald Trump's
border wall shortly after that and
approve a sweeping tax reform package by
August so they're sending a message back
to Trump you know we will do will be
there will be there for
and you know I was going I was pretty
hard on the Conservatives in Congress
last week but it is true that in the end
they did vote they did get in the way a
lot and they did sort of say they were
gonna back things and then pull off but
in the end it was John McCain who blew
the deal it was not the conservatives
who blew the deal anyway my point about
it is this that that bannon's
contribution to the Trump administration
has been the lack of apology to a
corrupt media it has been you know he
says at one point I don't care Bannen
says one point I don't care what the
media says they can call me racist they
can call me a sexist thing call me
anything they want they can call me a
nativist I don't care and that has been
his contribution and I'm sorry to see it
go because I think in it on the one hand
it may make Trump a nasty person
sometimes but sometimes it takes a nasty
person to fight against the system in
which non nastiness is defined as
leftism that is what the left and it's
media have accomplished they have
accomplished niceness kindness decency
to define it as leftism don't use this
word use that word don't support that
policy support this policy if you don't
you're hateful and that is something I'm
going to talk about at the end of the
show again because it is it is genuinely
one of the key dangers against Liberty
and that has been the use of Bannon no
matter what you think of them and I have
problems with them and things that I
respect about him but no matter what you
think of him his use has been to not
apologize to the press and to encourage
that in Trump which i think is one of
trumps main assets one of the things he
really brings to the table that people
love way beyond his policies whatever
they may be alright we're gonna have
Michael Knowles in a moment but first
but first we have to talk about stamps
calm and the reason we talk about stamps
calm is it is the reason that I'm
sitting here and not waiting online
somewhere because the post off the post
office is a good job but it's ridiculous
in this day and age and this new century
to stop everything you're doing get in
your car drive to the post office hope
that it's open wait online you know get
your services done when you can get it
all done through your computer with
stamps calm it's so convenient so easy
and it's reliable you just put your
your envelope in the printer it comes
out with a stamp printed right on at
stamps.com brings all the services of
the US Postal Service right to your
fingertips you can buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package any class of mail using your own
computer and printer and stamps comm
will even send you a digital scale that
automatically calculates exact postage
right now you can enjoy the stamps comm
service with a special offer that
includes a four week trial plus postage
and a digital scale without long term
commitments go to stamps comm click on
the microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in clayvin how do you
spell that awesome what is he doing here
Cala VA and stamps.com enter Clavin you
will get a four week trial plus postage
in a digital scale without long term
commitments stamps comm and enter Clavin
you never have to go to the post office
again
Michael Knowles is coming on in just a
moment so we have to say but we have to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube and
you may say to yourself wait wait don't
go well you can come over to the daily
wire.com and listen to the rest of the
show
but if you would only subscribed if you
would only subscribe for a lousy 10
bucks a month you could have watched the
whole show on the site and see Michael
Knowles's face I'm not sure if that's is
that an advertisement for subscribing
that's kind of a bad it's a drawback
alright well how about this if you
subscribe for a year it's only a hundred
lousy bucks and you get the leftist
tears tumblr complete with leftist tears
it automatically refills every time
Donald Trump makes a speech come on over
to the Daily wire calm listen to the
rest of the show
all right Michael dolls the host of the
Michael Nall show former cultural
correspondent and current king of trolls
how you doing I'm doing very well
and I you know thank you for bringing up
my old title cultural correspondent yeah
because you gotta tune into my show we
have this great new cultural
correspondent Fred with that like you're
only youth only the power of you these
things that you and I don't understand
you know like young folks so I've been
watching how Hollywood just had one of
the worst summers ever
and the the worst labor day I think ever
they didn't even release a new movie for
Labor Day but I have been sitting
watching as a guy who has actually
worked quite a lot in Hollywood I have
been sitting and watching the stuff that
is coming out of movie stars faces with
absolute shock and disbelief so I just
wanted to I wanted you to do a roundup
of what these guys are saying about the
rest of us the people of us weren't
glamorous and you know don't make a
gazillion dollars for 20 minutes of work
you know first of all what happened this
summer it was a disaster right it was an
absolute disaster Andrew as a guy who's
worked very little in Hollywood I must
say I've watched it with pure delight
and joy it has been it is awful
yeah this summer has been the worst box
office in a decade the summer box office
is dead it's 3.8 billion dollars just
this summer
it's a fourteen and a half percent drop
since last summer and year over a year
it's a six and a half percent drop
because there were a lot of big movies
that came out in the winter and in the
spring you had Beauty and the Beast fate
of the Furious get out which is probably
the only original movie that's come out
all year it was actually one of the best
it was a great movie but otherwise the
summer has been absolutely awful and I
really wonder why I wonder what's
keeping regular Americans away from the
movies so I thought that we would turn
to Jennifer Lawrence for comment it's
it's also scary to know
it's been proven through science that
human activity that climate change is
due to human activity and we continue to
ignore it and the only voice that we
really have is through voting so at and
we voted and it was really startling you
know you're watching these hurricanes
now and it's really it's hard especially
while promoting this movie not to not to
feel Mother Nature's rage I intestines
to tell us how global warmin and make
global warming has been proven by you
know science and and the sheer mockery
that she's made the vitriol she has for
her own audience who were who are
swimming down the street in Houston
right now it makes one wonder why they
haven't been able to make it to the box
office to see mother it's quite amazing
and by the way Christian toto our friend
the critic at Tolly wouldn't odo he
tells me that mother actually has an eco
message that they're not promoting in
the in the trailers they're hiding it
but it has this eco medicine you know
slap in the face for everybody so we I'm
glad that she's telling us it's our car
it's our fault that is there hurricanes
and it is frustrating too because
there's a great cast in that movie all
of them are very talented actor and I I
don't want to go see it now I'm glad
Christian told us about the Eco message
because I I don't want to pay $15 to nap
but also I don't want to support this
nonsense so we know that Hollywood holds
us in contempt these actors because you
got to remember actors are weird people
they're marginalized people they're weak
they were weirdos in high school they're
weirdos after high school and
conservatory or college they feel
persecuted even though the ones who make
it are the most glamorous wealthy people
on planet earth so we know they hold us
in contempt but the other thing we
learned this summer is that they lie
right to our faces here is Kathy Griffin
to screw you remember Kathy Griffin held
up that severed head after Trump and
then she apologized and there were the
tears here's the latest from Kathy
Griffin yes at the time you apologized
yeah you were very upset are you no
longer sorry for it
correct I'm no longer sorry the whole
outrage was BS the whole thing got so
blown
proportion and I lost everybody like I
had Chelsea Clinton tweeting against me
I had friends Debra Messing from willing
Grace tweeting against me I mean I lost
everybody
it was Debra Messing and Chelsea Clinton
you have lost she's she's like she's
protesting but I gave my fake apology I
ended up my fake tears into hell you
monsters wouldn't accept them so we know
they hold us in contempt we know that
they lied to us and we know that there's
a wonderful double standard here is
Stephen Colbert ladies and gentlemen
hard love he's definitely taking it to a
higher level I'd say his support is
about about up there right around here
for those who don't subscribe he's
making a he's doing the Nazi salute and
he's making a joke I get it what's the
big deal except that only recently
Donald Trump supporter Jeffrey Lord was
fired from CNN for making a similar joke
on Twitter about the Nazism of his
opponents he it was it was the exact
same joke someone tweeted some fistic
thing at him and he said Zig Heil he
lost his job for it but Stephen Colbert
gets to go out and the the PS still a
resistance that the creme to the creme
the top of the heap here is George
Clooney laying out the whole Hollywood
case against regular Americans you guys
are pretty interesting though they've
actually figured out the laws that
dictate everything history sociology
politics morality everything it's all in
a book called capital okay all right
yeah not gonna believe this these guys
even figured out what's going on here at
the studio because the studio is nothing
more than an instrument of capitalism
hmm it's actually a little too real I
was gonna say the scene the scene where
that guy's slaps
George Clooney maybe one of my favorite
scenes in recent movies I don't know how
the Coen brothers got George Clooney to
play George Clooney
really good and he went on he just
recently said if Steve Bannon he said
quote Steve bannon's a little wannabe
writer who would do anything in the
world have had a script made in
Hollywood he wrote one of the worst
scripts I've ever read and I've read it
his fake Shakespeare wrapped script
about the LA riots oh you got to read it
and he's making fun I don't know Steve
Bannon might be a failed writer for all
I know but he's not speaking to Steve
Bannon he's speaking through Steve
Bannon to the American people and he's
telling them you little people you
disgust me
you're nothing look at me we we are the
kings of the world we are Hollywood and
you wish that you could be us the two
things that shocked me about this there
are two things that shocked me about it
one is you know these guys live like
kings on our favor on our favor you know
the the club but the Garrick Club in
London is the club for actors and its
slogan is an old quote that we what is
it we who live to please must please to
live right so these guys every time they
open their mouths are telling 40 million
people don't come through our movies we
hate you don't you know everything you
do we discussed us we hate you and the
other thing is that it never occurs in
George Clooney's not a stupid man I mean
he is you know some of these actors I
know are dopes I mean you know I deal
with you I know but no Clooney is not a
stupid man but it never occurs to him
that a factory worker in Michigan may
know more about what he needs
politically and may know more about
what's wrong with his life then a movie
actor in Los Angeles who hasn't done
anything real for 20 years I mean it he
doesn't occur to him that any respect
for the people who voted for Donald
Trump saying yeah I can see it's not as
if Donald Trump it was running against
Abraham Lincoln it was running against
the guy Kurt Schlick their calls Polonia
Patsy gets the criminal so I you know
it's just it's just an incredible amount
of disrespect for the audience and there
are two sides of this there's the
celebrity side obviously we worship
celebrities and I gave us Barack Obama
and also Donald Trump and so there's
this Outsiders role that people who like
actors were once lumped in with
prostitutes for all of history yeah are
now preaching our geopolitics and
political philosophy
but then on the other side there's been
a flattening of celebrity because of new
media because of social media we see
their private lives we see what scum
they are basically I see how tawdry
their own lives are and so I think
people are turning off and staying home
and watching television which is where a
lot of the great art is right now anyway
I mean that's that show you show that
clip you showed from Hail Caesar is all
about the way they tried to protect
these guys reputation that's all over
and when you see that a guy has gotten
divorced three times or that his
children are alcoholic or that
everything in his life you know why
should you take his advice why should
you take this risk because he's handsome
and you know look and it can stand in
front of a camera reading somebody
else's lines it doesn't make any sense
at all absolutely right Michael balls
the Michael Maul show comes on after
this so cling to your your thanks a lot
Michael talk to you again
Sidra i speaking of felonious passive I
just have to play this clip it is it's a
long clip it's a two-minute clip of
Hillary Clinton Hillary Clinton is
beginning her book tour for her new book
what happened oh my lord what happened I
think it's called that that was the
original title was please God what
happened here's a she begins it she goes
on what is this I can't remember good
morning America one of the morning shows
so she goes on two minutes two minutes
of blaming every other person in America
for her loss it is it's worth listening
to just for the last went from I think
26 points ahead to 13 points ahead and I
needed about 18 points in order to be
sure I could win Pennsylvania I watched
how analysts who I have a great deal of
respect for like Nate Silver burrowed
into all the data and said but for that
Comey letter she would have won so it
was very personal to me I think my
general election prospects were so badly
damaged because of that that even though
I was starting to come back it was not
enough time to overcome it but even
though that was the prime
very blow to my campaign at the very end
I it has to be looked at in context with
the Russians weaponizing information
negative stories about me this whole
WikiLeaks beginning to leak in early
October of John Podesta is emails which
if you've read them all
they're pretty anodyne but they were
taken out of context the stories were
made up about them we now know Facebook
was taking money from Russian companies
to run negative stories about me all of
this yes it affected me and my campaign
but I am more concerned now going
forward that we haven't come to grips
with what it means for future elections
I would also add that the voter
suppression that we now know had been in
the works and really put into effect in
a lot of states like Wisconsin North
Carolina etc played a role and then
let's not forget sexism and misogyny
which are endemic to our society and
certainly as I write in my chapter
called on being a woman in politics have
to be factored in is indistinguishable
John Belushi and Hillary Clinton have
now become industry I think you know I
don't like to I don't like to try to
look into the mind of God I'm no better
at doing that than anybody else on earth
but it does sometimes seem to me that it
may be that Hillary Clinton was sent to
earth to punish Bill Clinton for being
Bill Clinton like now Bill Clinton is
probably sitting in all he hears is like
it was it was misogyny it was the
Russians it was Co me it's like shut up
Hillary no no listen listen I've really
figured it out
place where they stop all right it's
time for our crappy culture so sixteen
years ago today there was one of the
most terrible moments of my life
certainly when 3,000 people on American
soil were murdered in the name of Islam
in the name of Allah that is I hate when
they refer to these things as a tragedy
it was not a tragedy it was an atrocity
a tragedy is when a young person dies of
an illness an atrocity is when somebody
kills murders slaughters innocent people
for no other reason than his bad idea
and the Islam as practiced by the people
who flew those planes is one of the
worst ideas anyone has ever had nothing
you know you can never say good things
come out of tragedy because they don't
come out of good things don't happen to
the people who died so there's no
getting those unique souls back on earth
to make to make good I mean any any good
that comes out of tragedy will have to
be done in eternity where there's souls
we've trust can still be found but even
horror can provide for us a moment of
clarity and one of the things as someone
who remembers that day all too well one
of the things that happened in that
moment was all the lies that infect and
invest our culture were for a moment
swept away and the thing about it is
those lies have developed in a country
that has become so rich so powerful so
abundant that we have lost touch with
what Rudyard Kipling called the gods of
the copybook headings the rules of life
that are necessary for survival we can
talk about laying down our arms because
our arms are so powerful that no one can
can kill us we can talk about giving
people a guaranteed income whether they
work or not because we have so much
money we have forgotten that if you
don't work you starve if you don't make
stuff and create things
you lose your purpose we can talk about
men being useless and men being toxic
and masculinity being toxic because our
men and our weapons are so powerful that
we don't need men it doesn't seem that
we need men and when men have lose leave
a culture as to a large degree they have
left impoverished black culture and and
some impoverished white culture when
they lose their roles as men we see the
disaster that happens but were protected
from that disaster because we're so rich
in the moment of that atrocity all that
wealth and all that abundance and all
that safety disappeared and for a few
moments there was no talk of toxic
masculinity because we saw men police
men and fire men running into these
burning buildings to rescue whoever they
could and dying as often as not dying as
those buildings came tumbling down there
was no talk of multiculturalism suddenly
there was no talk of relative morality
when it became quite obvious that there
was nothing relative about morality this
was the face of evil it was the face of
evil and we shouldn't have to see the
face of evil to know it's there but
sometimes we have to be reminded and it
is always always a terrible reminder and
at a terrible price
but suddenly that not the nonsense the
blithering stupid nonsense of relativism
which you can go into any university in
this country and hear preach was blown
away by the presence of evil suddenly
there was no talk of American racism of
how a racist America is you know
sometimes you know racism is everywhere
people have naturally racist people are
naturally primal but I just can't stand
it when you put the word American in
front of something as if it makes it
more important it's American race and
racism in America today the people who
died in that building or every color
every religion they came from different
countries and when I traveled around the
country as I was doing then in that time
and would go into airports and see the
you know couples who are of different
colors the families of different colors
there are different religions that
different that's why they attacked us
they attacked us because we're not
racist look at you know the streets of
Beijing everybody
the same color look at the streets
streets in in Nairobi everybody's is the
same colors only in America and maybe
London only in New York in LA in London
where you see the the West's acceptance
of this multiculturalism our faith that
our ideas overcome everything else and
suddenly all those things were washed
away and for a moment we had clarity and
for a moment we had truth and it was
some somebody said it was the end of the
age of irony because suddenly we
realized that not everything is a joke
that not everything is a joke our
principles matter our principles are
what make us what we are
almost immediately almost immediately as
the Left recovered its stride they went
on the attack to bring back this cloud
of dishonesty this cloud of lies which
they sometimes and we sometimes call
political correctness this idea that
there is virtue in line I remember I
don't know what it was a week after 9/11
David Letterman took some time off
because he said he really had to get his
head around this and he came back and he
said I need to find out why they hate us
and I thought hey why they hate it I
don't care why they hate us they can
kiss my ass and call me sweetheart you
know it doesn't matter why they it is
they're evil that they should hate us
they should hate us because they're evil
that is what we want them we want the
evil to hate us we want them to hate us
when we want them to fear us and over
the years it's been 16 years now there's
a generation that doesn't even remember
9/11 sad to say and over the years these
lies have come back and I listen
sometimes to the things that people say
just they just don't make any sense and
they say you know I've made this joke
before but it's worth repeating you know
that say there's no difference between
men and women and then they say oh and
this person is a woman in a man's body
and I think well how does he know if
there's no difference between men and
women how does he know he's a woman in a
man's body because there's no difference
I mean it would just be the same the
same thing they talk about they'll tell
us that there's that we have no soul but
he's a woman in a man's body and you
think well what part of him is a woman
then if he has no soul and it's just his
body why isn't his body dispositive that
they'll tell us that their problems in
the black community the problems were
rated or all racism but the important
point is they defend these lies and this
is why I go after the media so often
they defend these lies by telling you
there are only these lies and
hatefulness there's only the virtue of
telling these lies and hatefulness
there's no two sides of any story and
the funny thing is a lot of times I
would have sympathy with some of the
ideas on the left if they wouldn't tell
me that everything else is hateful
hateful you know there's a lot of good
stuff that's going on behind the scenes
kind of the New York Times actually
noticed it today it's going on behind
the scenes in the Trump administration
Betsy DeVos you know got rid of that
Dear Colleague letter with which the
Obama administration was pressuring
colleges to basically hold kangaroo
courts and put him in on trial if they
were accused of sexual harassment or
rape while rape is a serious crime it
should be in the courts it shouldn't be
handled by universities and Betsy's new
boss rolled that back Jeff Sessions the
Attorney General the Justice Department
is backing the defense of a Colorado
Baker who has not refused to serve gay
people but as a Christian finds that he
cannot in good conscience cater gay
weddings he doesn't believe in this and
they're prosecuting him for this and
it's just it's heartbreaking they're
comparing him to the Nazis when his
father fought the Nazis is breaking his
heart now now here's the thing in in all
of these cases including the cases of
black people complaining about the
police you know I have sympathy for that
for this I have sympathy for gay people
I want them to live happy lives I don't
really said this feel that I it's my job
to go and preach to them or preach
against them and I think they can I hope
they pray to God each one of them prays
to God and finds his way forward on his
own it's not for me to really not for me
to pass judgment their freedom should
not impinge on this man's freedom right
it shouldn't rip it impinge on the
Colorado bakers freedom there's a video
that's going viral I don't have time to
play it now but there's a video going
viral of a black man stopped by a black
cop who draws his gun on the guy because
he's stopping him for not turning on his
turn signal and the guy in the car is
like you point a gun at me because I
didn't turn on my turn saying I have
sympathy for that that shouldn't happen
but I also have sympathy for this cop
who wants to go home this is not a
question of hate versus you know
goodness it's a question of the
difficult situation and we want
everybody to come out of it the best
way we possibly can it is this empire of
lies that threatens our Liberty more
than any other thing and at the center
of these this lie is the lie that we can
live in a utopia this is always the lie
of systems whether it's whether it's
Islamism whether it is communism or
whether it's fascism it is always the
lie that we can live in a utopic twirled
if we only all get together and are
forced into being one thing whether it's
one thing in our skin color whether it's
one thing in our ideas whether it's one
thing in how much money we make whether
it's one thing in the god we worship we
are sold this lie that we can live in a
perfect world than anybody who opposes
that world is hateful the truth is the
exact opposite the truth is each one of
us is a universe unto itself a universe
in relationship to God in relationship
to the truth the truth doesn't change
for each one of us but each one of us
are in a relationship with the truth
which is sacred it is sacred from the
moment you're conceived not when you're
born it's sacred from the moment you're
conceived that path that you are to God
that you may follow and you may not
follow each one of us in order to
through each one of us to live out that
truth and to live out that path we have
to be free we have to be free and if we
were going to be free we're going to
disagree it's gonna be messy it's gonna
be ugly
but but it is going to be free and that
value stands above every other it is
it's always lies the threatened that
threatened freedom because it's the
truth
that makes us free when you know the
truth the truth makes us free and the
truth is the world is a fallen difficult
sinful place where people do terrible
things but but everyone who leaves
everyone else alone who keeps his hand
to himself deserves to speak and
deserves to live his life and to find
his way to God you know on 9/11 we saw
for one moment that we are men and we
are women we are good and we are evil
but but if we are going to be free we
are going to have to learn to live in
truth and to tell the truth through one
to one another and to not shut people up
when we don't like what they're saying
I'm gonna end today I'm Andrew Klavan
this is the Andrew Clavin show tomorrow
I think we have my
friend Paul Besson is going to talk
about his new book on boxing which is
just terrific and it's really a book I
know a lot of ways about manhood so
we're gonna be talking about that they
are holding the memorial to the 9/11
victims the president and his wife were
out there today for the moment of
silence we'll end with that and I'll see
you again tomorrow
