so Roy Moore just won himself a sentence
he in Alabama what does that mean for
trumpism plus President Trump is winning
the culture war but our Republicans
going to win the political wars we'll
talk about it I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show so it's gonna be a
whirlwind day which is why we were doing
the show a little bit early today
because I'm be flying to University of
Utah where I have been guaranteed that
students for a Democratic Society will
try to shut me down
in fact they wrote an entire letter an
open letter suggesting that they would
do so and bragging that they would do so
and saying they were right to do so
apparently there are also rumors that
violence may be in the works we can hope
not
the police will be there the university
is doing its job so thank you to the
University and the police as always for
protecting free speech from a bunch of
thuggish morons but we will talk about
all of that in just a moment first I say
to you that you should go out and you
should go get a tracker device the
reason I say this is because you lose
your keys and your wallet and your phone
and you do it all the time I know right
now you're saying I don't do that no you
do I promise you and that's why you need
a tracker device it's like the coin size
device you put it on your keychain and
put it in your wallet and now you can
locate either of those devices from your
phone and vice versa because if you lose
your phone and the ringer is off so
you're trying to call your phone to
locate it instead of that being the end
of the story now you hit that tracker
device and boom it rings on your phone
it actually overrides the the non
ringing aspect of your phone so that
means that you can find your phone even
when the ringer is off this is why
tracker is just great so as I've said
before my wife and I we get very annoyed
with each other for losing things
tracker pixel makes sure that we don't
have to do that anymore it is the
lightest Bluetooth tracking device on
the market and you put it wherever you
tend to put on anything they you tend to
lose your keys your wallet your pet
animal whatever you want to do put it
put it there and and you'll be able to
find it in seconds you can use your
smartphone at ninety 90 decibel alert
helps you find any item that you lose in
seconds as I say it's a great device go
to the tracker comm and her promo code
BS to get 20% off any order
that's the tracker comm promo code bs
for 20% off the tracker the track our
comm promo code B as you get 20% off any
order it is definitely worthwhile it's
one of those things that just makes your
life significantly more convenient plus
when you use promo
yes they know that we sent you okay so
I'll explain a little bit more about
what's happening at University of Utah
later but the big story of the evening
last night is that Roy Moore judge Roy
Moore won his race against Luther
strange in Alabama now this was seen as
sort of a proxy battle over the future
of trumpism what does it mean for Trump
right because now we all live in Donald
Trump's world it is his world we just
live in it so what does it mean that
Trump spent an enormous amount of time
and effort campaigning for Luther
strange who is the incumbent senator in
Alabama and that Luther strange was
defeated pretty soundly by Roy Moore
well a couple of things I think there
are a couple of myths that are going
around this morning myth number one is
that Breitbart and Steve Bannon were the
people who drove Roy Moore to victory
this is not the case
okay the reality is that Roy Moore has
been an extraordinarily popular figure
in Alabama for a very long time I know
who know more was years ago because Roy
Moore was the judge who refused to abide
by the Supreme Court's decision that he
had to remove a Ten Commandments
memorial from his courtroom Roy Moore
was the guy who had told his court
clerk's not to issue same-sex marriage
licenses because he thought that the
Oberon
was unconstitutional so Roy Moore has
been a very famous player for a very
long time it's not like the Dave brat
race where Breitbart really wasn't strim
ental and helping push Dave brat over
the finish line against the Eric Cantor
known had ever heard of Dave brat and
now Dave brat sits in Congress is a good
guy Roy Moore was a very famous figure
in Alabama for a long time he was always
considered a popular figure in Alabama
right-wing politics Luther Strange was
more anonymous than his primary opponent
so that's thing number one that we have
to remember thing number two that we
have to remember is that Roy Moore
reflects kind of the the kind of guts of
a lot of the Republican Party better
than Luther strange not because his
perspectives on for example
homosexuality are reflective of the
entire Republican Party but because
attitudinally attitudinally he's much
more Reutimann me Oh somebody Sam and
that sort of goes to the the heart of a
lot of people who feel warm for this
sort of thing so for example Roy Moore a
couple of days ago he's a culture
warrior Roy Moore and you can see that
in this clip where he legitimately pulls
out a gun on stage rally good very hard
for my wife and myself The Wizard -
nearly three months of negative ads
that we couldn't answer with money
because we didn't have it a heads it was
completely false and I don't believe in
the Second Amendment I believe in the
second right so he pulls out the gun and
everybody goes crazy in the media how
could he pull out of there okay first of
all if you're in Alabama and you don't
own a gun you're a weirdo that's the way
things work in in parts of the country
where the media is not present but the
way the media likes to play this is the
media is so self-obsessed that they turn
this into a media battle right it's a
Trump vs. Bannon battle its Bannon
versus Trump Trump is saying that he's
gonna stand for Luther strange but
that's not really reflective of leur his
heart is and Bannon is trying to defend
true trumpism from Trump himself I don't
think that that's actually what's going
on here I don't I think there are a
couple things that can be learned from
this race thing number one is that no
Republican candidate right now across
the country is going to do well openly
opposing President Trump Roy Moore
campaigned in favor of President Trump
Roy Moore was spending this entire
campaign talking about how much he loved
President Trump that doesn't mean you
have to love President Trump in order to
win high office it does mean that you
can't hate President Trump and win high
office at least not in the Bible Belt so
if you are in Alabama and you say listen
I don't like Trump from schmuck you're
not gonna win you're not gonna want to
see but you don't have to be endorsed by
Trump to win which and the reason for
that is because President Trump is much
more of a symbol than he is an actual
politician to most of these people Trump
endorsing somebody doesn't mean anything
but you being against Trump means
something it means your squish right
Trump is perceived as just another just
another ripple in the in the giant wave
pool that is a movement right so there's
two ways of perceiving who Trump is
Trump perceives himself as I'm the
leader of a great and glorious movement
and Steve Bannon has sort of done this
thing to Trump is the leader of a great
and glorious movement and when he strays
from his glorious movement we will
attempt to hold him accountable none of
this is correct the great and glorious
movement existed long before Trump okay
it started with the Tea Party in 2009
2010 Republicans rode that to victory
with 63 seats in the House
in 2012 Republicans picked up the Senate
and they did that by electing people
like Ted Cruz I was involved in that
election working at Breitbart at the
time right I was very much in favor of
Ted Cruz against
david Dewhurst who was the lieutenant
governor of Texas and considered a more
establishment candidate and Ted Cruz
took the seat in 2012 so the idea that
this movement does he anti-establishment
movement started with Trump is just
nonsense
Trump was just the latest generation of
that movement remember we've had these
battles going on for a long time Dave
brat and Eric Cantor Christine O'Donnell
and Mike Castle in Delaware right these
sorts of swings against the
establishment have been going on since
2009-2010 and Trump was just a cork
bobbing on the waves of that movement he
was not the leader of that movement and
last night's election showed that
because it showed that Trump doesn't
have coattails Trump tried to pull
Luthor strange over the finish line so
much so that this morning Trump would
tweeted a bunch of times you're a big
Luthor he actually went back and deleted
the tweets which I mean president Trump
that's not how Twitter works you
deleting the tweets actually draws more
attention to your old tweets just silly
but because President Trump was
campaigning for strange people see this
as a slap in the face to Trump really
isn't a slap in the face to Trump
it's just that Trump is not the most
important thing about this movement this
movement pre-existed Trump and will
exist long after Trump it's more about
McConnell people don't like McConnell
people don't like the establishment
strange was identified as somebody
identified with McConnell even though he
really shouldn't have been he voted with
from 92% of the time Roy Moore
campaigned hard against McConnell and
that made a lot of difference so this
means that Trump as an individual figure
is not that important except there's a
litmus test for loyalty and it means
that trumpism is not actually a movement
trumpism is incoherent because if Trump
isn't meant anything it would mean
follow Trump against Bannon abandoned
basically said I defend trumpism against
Trump which means that Trump is really
just a symbol but Roy Moore isn't a
trump as to per se Roy Moore is a guy
who doesn't even believe in judicial
supremacy I mean Roy Moore is a pretty
fundamentalist conservative Christian
which is not trump's exact brand all
this is to say that I think that there
has been people have gotten a little
carried away with it with the trumpet by
a little carried away I mean a lot
carried away not every battle is about
Trump it's not the Trump lost in Alabama
last night it's that the establishment
lost in Alabama last night or the
perceived establishment lost and that's
been going on since 2010 this was not
the beginning of something new this is
not a
new rift inside trumpism this is the
same movement that's been going on for
seven years now and it is continuing
through the selection cycle
so forget about trump forget about ban
and they're not really important the
question is establishment versus
anti-establishment that's all that's all
it's gonna make things tough for
McConnell so McConnell has a fractious
caucus already right he has a caucus
that is not doing what he wants it to do
he couldn't get health care reform
passed he's gonna have a tough time with
tax reform they haven't been able to
build the wall he's basically gotten
nothing done Mitch McConnell it's a much
more fractious caucus than the House
Republicans mainly because the House
Republicans have such a big majority of
23 seat majority that they can afford to
lose a few people and still get stuff
passed McConnell has 52 seeds which
means that he loses three and he's done
and that's been the case so far
Roy Moore is not gonna make that easier
on McConnell he's gonna join the right
wing of the party and that means that
McConnell is gonna be more beholden to
that to that wing of the party which is
a good thing it's a good thing and what
we're seeing right now is a ground shift
against the establishment by a lot of
the new Senate Republican candidates so
it's not just Roy Moore there are two
big stories yesterday in the Senate for
Republicans one was Roy Moore in Alabama
and the other was bob Corker announcing
that he would no longer run for his seat
in 2018 so bob Corker is a very
establishment figure bob corker is a
squish she's kind of like a Lindsey
Graham Republican except not as hardcore
on foreign policy bob Corker was the guy
who was largely responsible for the
senate allowing the awful evil iran's
yell to go through but bob Corker as a
republican did something unthinkable
president obama was supposed to submit
the Iran deal as a treaty to the Senate
it would then require 60 votes up or
down for approval actually 66 months two
thirds of the Senate for treaties so he
it would require a huge number of votes
in order for approval bob corker passed
a bill in the Senate that would have
forced Congress to vote 51 against in
order to shut down the Iran deal which
is an asinine asinine thing so bob
corker is stepping down now he issued a
statement he said after much thought
consideration and family discussion over
the past year Elizabeth and I have
decided that I will leave the United
States Senate when my term expires at
the end of 2018 when I ran for the
Senate in 2006 I told people I couldn't
imagine serving for more than two terms
understandably as we have gained
influence that decision has become more
difficult but I've always been drawn to
this
legislator model and while I realize it
is not for everyone I believe what the
kind of service I provide it is the
right one for me
and so he's stepping down now a lot of
people are very concerned about corker
stepping down because of the
ramifications for that Senate Majority
we'll talk about that in just a second
but first I want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at my Patriot supply so as
I always say if it feels chaotic out
there if it feels like we are nearing
the brink of nuclear war with North
Korea then now is the time for you to go
and get the food supply that you need in
order to weather the storm if god forbid
there's a natural disaster we've seen a
bunch of hurricanes lately or if there's
an earthquake or a tornado and you can't
get to the grocery store or the shelves
are empty at the grocery store it is
necessary for you to have enough food in
place that you can shelter with your
family that's why you need to go to my
friends at my Patriots applying at their
new survival food supply for just 99
bucks it includes one hundred and two
servings of breakfasts lunches and
dinners for less than a buck per serving
order now at eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen that's eight
eight eight eight oh three fourteen
thirteen or online and prepare with been
calm again that's it ninety-nine bucks
it means like the cost of like one nice
meal and instead you're insuring your
family against a month's worth of
possibilities in case something should
go wrong eight eight eight eight oh
three fourteen thirteen prepare with
been calm prepare with been calm that
also lets them know that we sent you
okay so here are the ramifications for
the Republican Senate more is in this is
a thorn in the side for Mitch McConnell
which is a good thing
corker is out now does that put the seat
in play for Democrats it's Tennessee
it's Tennessee so it's pretty rare that
a Democrat wins high office in Tennessee
no one's it wins a Senate seat in in
Tennessee it's been a little while since
a Democrat has been the the senators in
Tennessee in fact I'm gonna look it up
right now I think it's been it's been
about twenty years if I'm if I'm not
mistaken since there was a Democrat in
Tennessee as a senator so you know him
him stepping down I don't think actually
actually changes things radically in the
Senate it does provide some risks so
yeah the last time there was a Democrat
in the Senate was 1994 because that's
when bill for the Bill Frist was left in
1990 1994 and so was Fred Thompson so
gore was the last senator from Tennessee
Al Gore before he became vice president
under Bill Clinton so it's been you know
two decades so I don't think that that's
a seat
danger of being lost to Democrats which
is a good thing because I think that
it's important that if the Republican
caucus is going to be more unified on
issues like Obamacare we need people who
are less prone --nt less Pro McConnell
in there a lot of the Tea Party
candidates have been very good on this
Mike Lee is a great example we're going
to Utah today I believe Utah has the
best senator in the United States in
Senator Mike Lee it's he's just terrific
so the more of these people we get in
place the better it's gonna be I'd like
to see somebody in the Tennessee Senate
who really has the capacity to stand up
to Mitch McConnell and Mitch McConnell
decides to be a squish and that is the
continuation of this movement the
biggest problem is that Trump was never
a good representative of this movement
right Trump rode this movement to
victory but he was never a good
anti-establishment candidate demands
cutting deals with Nancy Pelosi and
Chuck Schumer I mean Ann Coulter was
pointing this out today she's pointing
out that Luther strange was running
neck-and-neck with Roy Moore until the
point where Trump made a deal with
Schumer and Pelosi at which point people
said okay Trump doesn't even understand
this movement so what does it matter if
he endorses Luther strange so it's quite
a fascinating dynamic and an important
dynamic Republicans are going to have to
get their act together or transform from
the inside with a new set of senators
who are going to be more
anti-establishment and more
traditionally conservative if they hope
to actually be able to legislate because
Trump is good at one thing and one thing
only and that is starting culture wars
and winning culture wars he's actually
quite good at this the the case in point
of course the latest case in point is
this NFL is this NFL controversy so if
you look at the polls on the NFL
controversy Trump is winning there's no
question Trump is winning so according
to James Barrett over at Daily wire if
you look at this issue specifically this
issue shows that he is that he's doing
really well so there's a reuters/ipsos
poll and the Reuters poll shows that on
the NFL issue Trump is winning
dramatically a majority of adults a
majority of adults agree that players
should not kneel according to Reuters
Ipsos they disagree that players should
be fired
so as I've been saying all along I've
been saying this all along there's a
wide consensus you shouldn't kneel for
the anthem he shouldn't be fired if you
do all right so the September 25th 26th
poll found 57% of adults do not think
the NFL should fire players who kneel
but the results were split along
party lines 82% of Democrats and only
29% of Republicans agreed disagreed with
the president's comments about firing
football players so the firing of the
football players is is is one issue but
the other issue is how many people think
that it's good to steal for the anthem
85% of adults said they almost always
stand in silence when the national
anthem is played in an event they are
attending seventy-four percent said they
always put their hand over their heart
58 percent of a I mean this poll doesn't
make any sense is 58 percent of adults
had professional athletes should be
required to stand during the national
anthem at sporting events so that's
pretty amazing right 58 percent say that
they should be actually be required
right so that mean that they they agree
with Trump on that so they disagree that
they should be fired they agree that
should be required to stand so it seems
sort of contradictory and shows that
framing and poll questions matters and a
rising percentage of people because of
Trump believe that it's okay for people
to sit during the anthem 40 percent of
Americans said they support the stance
that some pro football players have made
not to stand during the anthem that's up
from 28 percent last year
so Trump picked a winning issue but he's
polarized it and that's why the
percentages have shifted so it's not
actually a big victory for the right but
it is a big victory for Trump on this
issue now a lot of people have been
trotting out the notion that Trump
should have ignored this Israel I think
Trump should have ignored this issue I
don't see the purpose of it it was dying
out people thought it was unpopular and
stupid but again this whole thing breaks
down in along partisan lines in a way
that it simply shouldn't it's one of my
pet peeves now his issues that unify the
country breaking down along partisan
lines and you can hear the White House
using this as a political club so Trump
yesterday was at a press conference and
he was asked about the kneeling and
here's what he had to say I have plenty
of time on my hands all I do is work and
to be honest with you that's an
important function of working it's
called respect for our country many
people have died many many people many
people are so horribly injured I was at
Wolf's hospital recently and I saw so
many great young people and their
missing legs and their missing arms and
they've been so badly injured and they
were fighting for our country they were
fighting for our flag they were fighting
for our national anthem and for people
to disrespect that by kneeling during
the playing of our
anthem I think is disgraceful right he's
gonna win that battle every single time
right that that talking point is one
that he's gonna win every single time
but it is a partisan talking point right
this is it's become a partisan talking
point instead of a unifying talking
point you can see that from Steve Bannon
my former boss over Breitbart and white
former White House chief strategist now
back at Breitbart Bannon was on with
Sean Hannity the other night and and
here a Steve been and explaining why
this is now a partisan issue I mean this
is pretty wild about taking the need for
the national anthem I said in this
speech tonight if people in this country
taken me and the National Football
League players want to take a knee they
should take a knee at night every night
and thank God in heaven Donald J Trump
as president knighted States he has
saved this country so much grief he has
done such a tremendous job with
virtually no help and that's what I
meant when I said that I stepped out to
make sure that Mitch McConnell in the
Republican establishment starts to have
a Republican back because you know what
Mitch McConnell wouldn't be Majority
Leader if Donald Trump didn't drag a
half a dozen senators across the
goal-line in November so there's so many
things here that are false well the
first first the notion that Trump
dragged senators over the finish line is
a hundred percent false okay
senators drag Trump over the finish line
if anything senators across the country
outperformed Trump but beyond that the
idea that NFL players that you want to
polarize this along political lines what
Trump is doing is actually more unifying
what Bannon is doing here right Trump is
actually saying that we should stand
with all of the people who have lost
limbs for our country and Bannon is
saying that these players should kneel
before Trump he's literally doing the
kneel before Zod routine or he's doing
Terence Stamp kneel before Zod you think
they're really going to take that well
this is the game right this is the game
you overreach a little bit and then you
overreach a little bit more and the
other side react and then you play this
game where everyone is divided on an
issue where we all should be united and
what's happened is because it's become a
partisan political issue and because
it's become divided people who are not
staunch enough in their language
condemning people who kneel for the
anthem they're now considered squishes
so even if you say that you think the
players shouldn't kneel for the anthem
but they have the right to do so if they
want to it's America if you say that but
you aren't condemned natori enough of
the people who kneel for the anthem
you're now considered a squish so Steve
Bannon is considered hardcore but Paul
Ryan is a squares Paul Ryan being squish
people are clearly within the rights
that express themselves how they see fit
my own view though is we shouldn't do it
on the anthem the national anthem our
flag and the people who defend it and
represent it that should be celebrated
everywhere in all ways and that's my
opinion okay so you know yeah but he's
not considered hardcore enough because
bandhans super hardcore abandoned
doesn't want people kneeling and they
should kneel if they're gonna kneel to
from they should kneel before him so how
do you think Democrats are gonna respond
well they're gonna respond in the
stupidest possible way because we've
seen all week long it's just a vortex of
dumb so Sheila Jackson Lee who radical
left the Congress person from I believe
she's from Texas he or she is kneeling
on the floor of the United States
Congress yesterday in solidarity with
the people who are protesting Trump you
tell me which of those children's
mothers or a son of a B that is racism
you cannot deny it you cannot run for it
and I kneel in honor I need it's honor
of the First Amendment
I kneel because the flag I kneel because
I'm gonna stand I because so I'm
confused why kneeling is standing with
our flag in our soldiers when you're
kneeling in front of the flag that's
slightly confusing I think that confuses
most Americans only Democrats would be
dumb enough to fall directly into this
trap they could just stand there and you
know what they could have done what they
could have done is they could have
saluted the flag right to protest Trump
they could have said president Trump
doesn't even understand what the flag
stands for let's all stand and sing
together the national anthem
can you imagine the impact of that they
could have seized the symbol back from
trumpet they're dumb so they don't do
that and then it gets even dumber okay
so Jay over at Georgetown a bunch of
professors are now kneeling so Jeff
Sessions the Attorney General now we'll
get to him later he did a great speech
at Georgetown yesterday about freedom of
speech on college campuses look at this
picture of all the look at this video of
all the Georgetown professors kneeling
so stupid man so dumb
and now they're all kneeling oh happy
day defend free speech to nail'd
sessions pretty incredible I mean if
they don't that's a big win for them
they're just out of their minds
they're just so stupid and it continues
along these lines that the Democrats
can't help themselves they can't help
themselves they can't react in a smart
fashion so they pick the dumbest fashion
they can react and then they do it 10
times as dumb as that it's it's just
unbelievable to me it's unbelievable how
bad people are politics but before I
show you even more video of stupid
people first I want to say thank you to
our sponsors over at Dollar Shave Club
so by now everybody knows that Dollar
Shave Club ships amazing razors for just
a few bucks I've been a member for a
while I shave right under my jawline in
accordance with Maimonides but the
razors are really first-rate they also
they don't just have razors they have
everything you need in the bathroom body
wash shampoo hair gel lip balm wipes I
mean at the end the story have to shop
around for all of this stuff
individually and run around the store
and then it's more expensive and you
can't tell the difference between any of
the products the clerk doesn't know the
difference between any of the products
well the Dollar Shave Club makes it easy
and convenient for you to upgrade your
shave and your bathroom and they deliver
it right to your door just like their
razors everything is super high-quality
and makes you look and feel just
terrific everything smells really good
their body wash particularly is a great
smelling body washer if you're like me
and you're sick of the nonsense at the
store now is the time to try out Dollar
Shave Club if you hate going outside
Dollar Shave Club is fantastic like
really I'm somebody who orders all of my
stuff online and I hate going to grocery
stores and Dollar Shave Club makes it
really easy for a limited time Dollar
Shave Club is essentially giving away
their starter set to new members for
five bucks the starter set features
their executive razor and three trial
sized versions of their most popular
products that help you stay fresh and
clean in your first box you'll receive
their shave butter and their body wash
and then one wipe Charlies those are the
butt wipes they will make you feel fresh
and clean from every possible angle you
will also receive their executive razor
which includes their premium weighty
handle and the focus set of cartridges
right now go to dollarshaveclub.com
slash men that is dollarshaveclub.com
slash been and for five bucks you get
that starter set that starter set that
has you covered from your facial cheeks
to your buttocks cheek
there is no better time to try the
Dollar Shave Club dollarshaveclub.com
slash menus that slash pens that they
know that we sent you okay so if you
thought the democrats hadn't gone far
enough by universally kneeling for the
anthem like a bunch of morons hillary
clinton is now saying that she hopes
that trump hasn't ordered the killing of
journalists so i'm old enough to
remember when Donald Trump was the
conspiratorial one now we have this
crazy old loon bat running around
talking about how she hopes that Trump
isn't murdering journalists smiley he
says so I'm one of the people who was
saying for years people would say things
I got when I was on show Rogen's show
Joe Rogan would say do you think that
Hillary Clinton had to let the Clinton
had lots of people killed I would say no
I don't think the Clintons had lots of
people killed I think Bill Clinton could
even pull out his schlong and hide it
properly right so no I don't think that
they had lots of people killed and
somehow got away with it but Hillary
Clinton is now doing the same routine to
trump she's saying maybe Trump is
ordering the killing of journalists
behind closed doors
he's the Farias cuz if we know one thing
about Trump it's that he's secretive and
clever if you are the stupidest person
on earth you believe this here is
Hillary Clinton I think he want he's not
a Democrat little D no he's not he's a
top down guy and he's an authoritarian
he said he has tendencies toward
authoritarian as though he's no
different than Putin well you know
hopefully hasn't ordered the killing of
people and journalists and the like I
mean hopefully he might have but you
know again every time I see Hillary
Clinton I feel compelled to comment on
her sartorial choices she got this one
from Violet Beauregarde
this particular outfit and by the end of
the episode she turned a large blue
berry and she had to be taken into the
back room by the Oompa Loompas and
squeezed but in any case the the
Democrats continue to just overreact and
follow a trip over their own feet not
what I'm telling you on the show today
did folks is the world doesn't revolve
around Trump okay the world doesn't
robot that Senate race in Alabama didn't
revolve around Trump bob Corker stepping
down doesn't revolve around Trump the
NFL stuff
it shouldn't revolve around trumpet
should be an issue of unity instead it
revolves around Trump by shifting the
polarity of politics from actual issues
and policies and political differences
to Donald Trump all we're doing is
confusing issues because it just it
makes no sense
Trump isn't consistent he doesn't have a
consistent stance on any of these issues
he sort of just says things off the top
of his head so if you're reacting to
Trump you're reacting to
to the world wind yeah you're reacting
to you're trying to attack jello to the
wall so good luck with with all of that
meanwhile the media still obsessed with
Trump are trying to demonstrate the
Trump is the bad guy in all of this I'll
explain why they say Trump is the bad
guy in all this in just a second but
first you have to go over and subscribe
$9.99 a month gets you a subscription to
daily wire.com now there I heard a rumor
yesterday that there are some people who
don't understand that you can still
listen to the rest of the show for free
you can still listen to the rest of the
show for free at iTunes or SoundCloud or
YouTube by subscribing but if you want
to watch the show because it's a video
show you want to watch the rest of the
show you need to go over to daily wire
comm and subscribe for $9.99 a month
plus when you do that you don't just get
the rest of my show live you also get
the Andrew Clavin show live which is
happening at 10:30 today you get the
Michael Noel's show live happening at
12:30 today you get to be part of my
mailbag you get the website banner ad
free which is pretty awesome and when
you get the annual subscription you got
this the very finest in all vessels that
contain liquid the leftist tears hot or
cold tumblr beloved by all sought by all
but owned by few you can be one of those
lucky few the leftist here's how to call
tumblr can be yours for just $99 plus
all that other stuff so you you actually
get a cheaper deal than like a person
who's buying monthly so spend once and
and enjoy this tumblr for the rest of
your natural life so go check that out
and again please subscribe over at
iTunes or SoundCloud or YouTube that's
free and you can do all that and and it
definitely helps us with our viewership
so we always appreciate it we are the
largest fastest-growing conservative
podcast in the nation
so in their efforts to take down Trump
because all the matters now is Trump
Trump is the only thing that matters in
politics now the media have decided that
Puerto Rico is Trump's Katrina so we
never had Obama's Katrina right no Matt
no matter what Obama always just did a
wonderful job but but now we're gonna
have Trump's Katrina in Puerto Rico
doesn't matter that FEMA is apparently
doing a good job all the matters that
Trump obviously is not focused enough I
hate this stuff okay again I think the
president's job should be to go sit in
the backroom and sign papers I don't
think that it should be the job of the
president to go out and talk about every
issue Under the Sun I object to that
logic but here's the media universally
saying this is Trump's Katrina this is
the new talking point you're gonna hear
this weekend it's not the presidential
leadership we've come to expect and part
of the question we got to confront is is
Maria Donald Trump's Katrina sure
Michael what do you see do you see the
president focused as much as he needs to
be in Puerto Rico no you know I don't
and be originally being from New Orleans
had a lot of family members that were
actually impacted by a Katrina and under
the ordinary set of circumstances I
would probably say this would be the
quote unquote Katrina moment for a Trump
but unfortunately I'm not certain there
as much of anything that would push his
base against him but and we should be
hearing more about that and where is
this Katrina this is Katrina it could
turn into Katrina or something worth it
to spend less time on putting out tweets
and more time in addressing this
humanitarian crisis because this is
going to turn to be mr. Trump Katrina
because they just keep saying Trump's
Katrina this is their new talking point
is it Trump's Katrina no the federal
government is doing his job by the way
Bush's Katrina wasn't Bush's Katrina it
was Kathleen Blancos Katrina right it
was the mayor Ray Nagin's Katrina the
federal government wanted it and the
local authorities been let Bush in and
then Bush got blamed for it so it wasn't
even Bush's Katrina but now this is
gonna be Trump's Katrina this is their
new talking point because all they care
about is Trump what is amazing to me
what I what I do love is that yesterday
I think it was Don Lemon on CNN whose
joy I enjoy doing Don Lemon on CNN
actually did this routine where somebody
asked him at one point about President
Trump in Puerto Rico and he said well
president Trump keeps talking about the
NFL so you know how are we supposed to
comfort Porto Rico I say well do you not
have agency do you not have the capacity
to I don't know ignore stupid commentary
about the NFL and instead focus on the
humanitarian crisis currently taking
place in Puerto Rico where by the way
everybody's an American citizen I mean
is that is that weird like what like why
can't you just cover it like normal
people but again the universe now
revolves around the the orange haired
man so that's that's what we all have to
deal with now so much so that in
response
no one cares whether good policy is
being made all that matters is that
Trump is being stopped so Jimmy Kimmel
was out there last night celebrating
that he had stopped this new Obamacare
repeal effort and suggesting that he was
the moving force behind it right it was
Jimmy Kimmel who convinced John McCain
not to vote for it it wasn't John McCain
being John McCain it was that he watched
Jimmy Kimmel's show the other night you
know it would be easy for me to dismiss
this as some kind of right-wing hysteria
but he does have a point I'd like to
make a confession tonight I think I need
to come clean here's what happen so my
wife and I were worried about health
care we didn't like what the Republicans
were doing so we decided to have a baby
with congenital heart defects okay and
then once we had that going for us I
went on TV I spoke out and we may have
stopped Cassidy grim I still can't
believe we pulled it off but we did it's
amazing isn't it
I suppose I should be more upset about
late night host stopping Obamacare
former for the fact that a reality TV
host was was trying to stop it you know
it's just the whole thing is our
politics is so dumb okay time for some
things I like and then some things I
hate and then a little bit of Bible talk
so things I like there's a book that I
am in the middle of by Alastair
MacIntyre is a professor over at Notre
Dame called after virtue it is a it is
an excellent study of why it is that
that it seems like more Americans are
having these sort of pitched political
battles these days without any common
language and he traces that back to
enlightenment thinking where he says
that it used to be that we had common
frames of reference for things like what
human beings aspirations were and those
frames of reference have now been left
behind and so we have these varying
definitions of what is good for human
beings and so we can't even have decent
political conversations because we're
not starting from the same premises it's
it's a very good book Alistair McIntyre
after virtue a little bit hard in terms
of in terms of a read pretty
sophisticated but well worth it if you
can slog your way through it okay other
things that I like so thank you to his
her knee general Jeff Sessions who
yesterday spoke at Georgetown and he was
talking about the freedom of speech
issues on college campuses and he named
checked me so that was really nice of
him here is the Attorney General doing
exactly that yesterday in advance the
school offered counseling in advance of
this speech they offered counseling to
any students or faculty whose sense of
safety or belonging was threatened by a
speech from ben shapiro a 33 year old
harvard trained lawyer who has
frequently been targeted by anti-semites
for his jewish faith and who vigorously
vigorously condemns condemns hate speech
from the left or the right well in the
end mr. shapiro spoke to a packed house
and to my knowledge no one fainted
no one was and unsafe no one needed
counseling i hope okay thank you for
sharing general sessions for getting
that exactly right and that's a pretty
cool thing so thank you again
attorney general okay other things that
i like so my good friend dana perino
now has a show on fox news which i'm
there
excited about her show I believe that
that's beginning to Don Monday it's
11:00 a.m. Pacific time 2 p.m. Eastern
it's called the briefing and Dana is
just terrific so if you haven't had a
chance go and check out her show on
Monday well you haven't had a chance not
on yet but check it out on Monday when
it premieres because I'm sure that it'll
be just great
ok time for a couple of things that I
hate so I have to show you this
incredible wonderful tweet from MTV News
it's just astonishingly wonderful so
they're tweeting out about Kylie Jenner
being pregnant as it says Kylie Jenner
is reportedly pregnant with a baby ok so
there are there are a few things that I
find just hysterically funny about this
particular tweet first of all MTV News
were you know that they used like the
rainbow flag is their actual logo at MTV
News so you can see where they are
coming from politically what was she
supposed to be pregnant with like an
alien wasn't be like John Hurt like
Kylie Jenner was gonna get pregnant and
then she's just gonna be sitting back
there I'm like what exactly is that
supposed to mean of course she's
pregnant with a baby but I love that
when celebrities are pregnant with
babies their babies when when non
celebrities are pregnant or have an
abortion that it wasn't a baby at all it
was a magical mystical clump of cells
that meant nothing so that's pretty
great I also love the level of disbelief
here Kylie Jenner is reportedly pregnant
with a baby my god these are the same
people who have no problem whatsoever
saying Halen's Jenner's a woman so I
find it significantly less shocking that
a biological woman like Kylie Jenner was
capable of getting pregnant than Caitlyn
Jenner being a woman because Caitlyn
Jenner is not a woman so good job MTV
News you suck at everything and that is
really funny okay other things that I
hate so I have to redo this letter there
was a guy named Ian Decker who's some
sort of weirdo over at University of
Utah with students for a Democratic
Society he is also with black lives
matter Salt Lake City and the University
of Utah move amento estudiantil she
can't stop at glan okay and and here is
what he writes in the public in the in
the Salt Lake Tribune he writes we have
no shame in saying we intend to shut
down ben shapiro great this is not a
decision we came to based on youthful
emotions or out of some desire to before
the
to be one big safe space this decision
was the ride that based on a real
material understanding of the political
environment of Utah and the material
effects of an emboldened far-right
mm-hmm I'm scary there's as an example
Utah is already a state with a
homelessness and suicide crisis amongst
LGBTQ youth okay that's true a virtually
every state and place on earth
okay LGBTQ youth have a disproportionate
homelessness and suicide rate that is
not all due to discrimination says Ben
Shapiro has openly called transgender
people mentally ill yes because they
suffer from a mental illness gender
dysphoria gender identity disorder
whatever you would like to call it he
portrays the gay rights movement as a
conspiracy to root out God based
institutions well no I portray the the
the militant gay rights movement that
suggests that you're able to come into
my synagogue and tell me what to do or
into my business and tell me what to do
as a conspiracy to root out God based
institutions because that's what you're
doing right Simon conspiracy that's just
what you're doing you're openly saying
it he says his recently defended
conversion therapy which is nothing
short of abuse this one confused me I
wasn't aware that I defended conversion
therapy you guys
it says recently have I done that
recently yeah I don't I remember doing
that because I don't think conversion
therapy works so that's kind of weird
you know I've defended the right of
parents to utilize conversion therapy if
they if in terms of like have their kids
see a psychiatrist because I think the
parents should be allowed to do whatever
they see fit in terms of the mental and
physical health of their child I like
but that's not the same thing as saying
that I think conversion therapy is
effective I don't see the evidence that
it's effective since these are all
positions he has stated in in naked
terms and articles he has written
himself then why don't you quote me
since to pretend that Shapiro does not
spew racist and transphobic
pseudoscience with the desire to justify
and encourage violence is idealistic a
historical and wrong desire it why is he
attributing desire to justify and
encourage violence where does that come
from
can you name online where I've ever
encouraged violence at all at all like
online like again these people just make
things up out of thin air and then
accuse me of being a purveyor of
pseudoscience and also again I think
that the pseudoscience is that Caitlyn
Jenner is a woman not that Caitlyn
Jenner is suffering from a mental
disorder it seems to me like that's was
pretty clear-cut
this is wins
shutting down ben shapiro precisely
because we don't live in a fantasy world
where hate speech has no consequences we
believe his hate speech can and will
have a material consequence for
vulnerable people rights of speech is
violence I say stuff and then you get
hurt
oh ho ho this will not be a violent
protest but we intend to exercise our
free speech in the boldest and most
unapologetic way we can even if Shapiro
his fans in the university police would
have it otherwise well if it's not
violent then you have at a gang like if
it's not if it's not violent and you're
not interfering with my free speech
rights go outside and yell and scream as
much as you want to make asses of
yourself Americare makes you guys look
stupid enjoy like whatever that's the
First Amendment I like it but if you are
going to get violent or if you're going
to invade the place where I'm speaking
tonight and try and shut down the speech
then the police should quickly and
easily arrest you because you are a
bunch of fools who don't understand what
the First Amendment is for okay so
before we part on this day I will do a
quick Bible talk here so the coming up
on Saturday is Yom Kippur Yom Kippur is
the holiest day in the Jewish calendar
and it is the Day of Atonement so Jews
fast and pray for 25 hours it's a pretty
difficult day I mean to be to be frank
with you you start fasting it like 6:30
at night you don't stop fasting until
7:30 the next night you're basically in
the synagogue the entire day praying and
fasting and fasting and praying and in
Judaism when you fast you fast I mean
there's no food and there is no water so
it is a full-on fast and it's actually
the second fast inside of a weeks on
Sunday we fasted also for a fasting
called some Gedaliah about the
destruction of Jerusalem so two times in
a week we haven't eaten so it's a great
weight loss program but it is also but
what Yom Kippur does bring up one
specific question and that is what is
this notion about God changing his mind
there's this this this idea by Yom
Kippur or for prayer in general that if
you pray then God who is immovable
unchanging the unmoved mover the the
Seward Tommy Apollo as it says in the
Bible the the rock that does not change
that he's sort of gonna change his mind
and then be nice to you if you pray what
does that mean what does that mean well
I think the answer lies in the idea that
the prayer is not changing God the
prayer isn't changing yourself it's
about acknowledging God's mastery of the
universe and acknowledging that you have
to change in accordance with God's will
like my child I treat her with fairness
every day because
I love her right but if she's bad she
gets a different consequence than if she
is good and if she changes her own
behavior then she gets a different
consequence is that me changing is it me
changing my mind no I'm perfectly
consistent all the way through it's my
child that's changing we have the same
relationship with God so what does
prayer do why do I have these systemic
prayers if you go to any Orthodox
community there these prayers it's like
a full prayer book 700 pages of written
out prayer as some of which people can't
really understand because in ancient
Hebrew and and you have to read the
translation so what's the purpose of
formalized prayer like this so and
what's the purpose of prayer in general
so the the idea here is that there's two
things that you need to be fulfilled in
life there are two things that make you
fulfilled in life in terms of in terms
of psychology one is at what we call
habit and one is what we call flow so
flow is this concept where the happiest
you ever are in life according to many
psychologists one whose name I can't
pronounce mchao sounds yeni or something
like that he he basically says that the
happiest you are in life is when you are
focused in on a task and you have the
skills necessary in order to perform
that task right you sort of lose
yourself in the task right you're you're
great at writing and so you're in the
middle of writing and you lose yourself
in it and it's enjoyable you feel like
things are just flowing through you
that's the best part of life your
Purpose Driven and you have the skills
to pursue that how do you develop those
skills through habit right through
through acting making making good habits
for yourself that's what prayer is
supposed to do it's why Jews like me
pray three times a day because it's
supposed to become habit it's supposed
to become part of your background noise
of your existence that you don't even
have to think about it anymore you just
frequently talk to God right that's just
something that you do and then once you
have the expertise in doing it because
we repeat the same prayers every day
then you can invest it with your own
creative powers so it's not enough to
say okay we're gonna pray and start from
scratch make up your own prayers you're
supposed to use the formalized prayers
as a conduit for conveying the thoughts
that you want to convey to God because
now you have the habit of praying and
you also have the expertise in the
mastery of this particular set of
prayers so that you can use them to
creatively express your emotions to God
that's the purpose of prayer and it's
all about changing you not about
changing God because God is unchangeable
but you are changeable and in fact it is
your task on this earth to change
yourself in a better direction and
people who believe that people who
really believe that it's their job to
change them
selves instead of changing the world
changing society changing God if you
believe that your task is to change
yourself so you can live a better life
you'll live a happier life than if
you're constantly at war with the wind
like King Lear on the moors okay we'll
be back here tomorrow and I will explain
you everything that happens at
University of Utah tonight I'll see you
then I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
