many people think Donald Trump will be
facing a real challenge in the next
presidential election
Trump's approval ratings are climbing
but they're still low and with the
Republican Congress divided and
incompetent and dishonest and cowardly
and reneging on every promise they made
for the last eight years and divided and
incompetent Trump hasn't managed to get
much legislation passed so it's hard to
see how he'll ever manage to win
re-election especially when you consider
the power House Democrat candidates
waiting to run against them for instance
there's Joe Biden Biden who would be 77
by the time he took office recently told
reporters quote you whippersnappers may
not remember this but I used to be
pretty doggone important around these
parts and I'll be darned if I don't know
a trick or two you youngsters haven't
thought of why if I'm elected president
I'm going to appoint what's-his-name to
be the what do you call it and that
other guy he's right on the tip of my
tongue he'll do that other thing you
know that the one thing that everybody
thinks is such a big deal
unquote another hard-driving damn who
wants to get in the race is John Kerry
Kerry would only be 76 when he took
office and wouldn't turn 77 until the
month after that Kerry recently told
supporters quote if I'm elected I'll
tell everyone about that time back in
1967 no wait it was 1968 no 67 that's
right no wait maybe it was later like 69
or so are we talking about
dagnabbit nevermind the whole point is
that I was Secretary of State under
Barack Obama when I finally brought
peace to the Middle East and maybe that
was a movie I saw once maybe I was just
thinking about it back in 2012 it was a
2013 that was 12 maybe 13 unquote and of
course you can't count on by Bernie
Sanders the socialist Sanders would only
be 79 when he took office
Sanders recently addressed a crowd of
Venezuelans who are either cheering
wildly or begging for food and he said
quote if I'm elected I will put this
country on track to follow the economic
model of the Soviet Union which is doing
great or was the last time I looked
which was on my honeymoon when me and my
cutie-pie tripped the light fantastic in
Moscow so everything there looked
wonderful my socialist policies will
grow up
five the America of my youth in the
sense that we'll all be driving nineteen
fifty Thunderbirds again unquote so as
we look ahead to 2020 all the Democrat
candidates are raring to go and each and
every one of them is eager to do
something but they can't remember what
it was I'm sure it'll come back to them
eventually
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Klavan show
