every now and again I like to do my
little part to bring our divided country
together by building bridges between
conservatives like myself and the
Communist jerk weeds on the other side
today and that spirit of bright goodwill
I'd like to examine some of the major
issues from both political perspectives
the right and the one with all the
knuckleheads let's start with health
care reform we on the right believe it's
inherently dangerous to put government
in control of health care
the tragic problems at the VA are proof
we think it violates the freedom of
medical personnel to require them to
work for government determine wages and
we think it strips freedom-loving
Americans of the right and
responsibility to decide how to take
care of themselves on the Left they
believe it was so sad when Jimmy Kimmel
cried because he's so funny when he
pretends to feud with Matt Damon and
Jimmy and matters so cool and Donald
Trump is so mean that we should just
make everything free like they do in
Scandinavia or someplace so those are
the healthcare arguments but what about
the issue of climate change we on the
right believe a conscious care for our
environment needn't involve hysterical
government overreach or business killing
regulations capitalist innovation and
public education have made great strides
in reducing harmful emissions and
there's no reason to socialize a major
sector of the energy economy because a
group of consistently unreliable
computer models predict disaster and a
left-wing media spreads panic in order
to allow the government to seize even
more power on the left they believe that
97% someone or other says that Al Gore
is right and the world is going to end
three years ago and even if the Paris
Accord does nothing it shows how
virtuous we are so yay Obama and anyone
who doesn't believe that started the
Holocaust
so that's climate change on the subject
of free speech the right believes free
speech is the central pillar of Liberty
and must be protected even at the cost
of hearing things we don't like the left
believe shut up shut up shut up and puts
its fingers in its ears and whistles
Dixie and then says Dixie is racist and
then hits you with a stick so I think
we're beginning to see that when we
compare right-wing arguments to
left-wing arguments it helps to unite us
all in ridiculing left-wing arguments
and isn't that what America is all about
I got a helps
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
