NFL football which used to be the most
popular sport in America way back oh
about 20 minutes ago is suddenly playing
to half filled stadiums and getting much
lower ratings on TV I wonder could it be
because some of us don't want to watch a
group of muscle-bound multimillionaires
exercise their right to disrespect a
flag for which many of their fellow
Americans died so that millionaires
would have the right to disrespect the
flag for which many of their fellow
Americans died now that can't be it
maybe people are just busy doing
something more important on Sundays like
picking the dirt out from between their
toes and then shaping it into tiny
animal sculptures and what about the
recent Emmy Awards another gathering of
wealthy people only here they get
together and give each other statuettes
for playing let's pretend then they
stand at a podium and send a message to
half of America that translates roughly
do we hate you you stink
get stuffed now for some reason a lot of
people don't want to watch this show
either I know it's a head scratcher it's
almost as if a lot of people would
rather not listen to the half informed
political monitoring's of a group of
thrice divorced genetic jackpots many of
whom measure the depth of their wisdom
by how many times they've been in rehab
and what about our academies college
attendance has dropped every year since
2010 and some colleges where raucous
left-wing demonstrations have taken
place have seen their intendant's fall
as much as 35% oh it's almost as if
people don't want to spend their life
savings and go into debt in order to
have their children turned into raving
lunatics who think they're oppressed
because they have to go wee-wee in pee
pee in the wee wee room or vice versa
now I don't know about you but I'm
beginning to notice a pattern here in
sports in showbiz and in the Academy
leftists have scored tremendous
victories infiltrating once beloved
institutions and transforming them into
megaphones for their cramped and
censorious ideologies and in the
aftermath of those victories these once
titanic institutions are shrinking and
shrinking until soon the only person
watching Stephen Colbert will be Colin
Kaepernick it's almost as if Americans
have better things to do than to watch
the most privileged
people on earth indulging in champagne
socialism and Limousine radicalism while
disrespecting the hard-working people
who make their shabby little lives
possible better things to do like
braiding their nose hairs or being free
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show
