welcome to this very special
presentation of the Ben Shapiro show we
will be doing the conversation a
question and answer and if you are a
subscriber you go over to daily wire
comm and subscribe right now to ask
questions but we're on Facebook live and
I'm joined by Alicia Krauss hello Alicia
reunited and it feels so mediocre yeah I
was gonna say that and you stole my line
but some people weren't Twitter are
excited about it I'm good it's been nine
months I'm thrilled enough time to have
a child and yes I did have a child that
is true have a second baby now so the
conversation is brand new it's gonna be
lots of fun and I'm happy to be here at
guest hosting and it's streaming now
live on The Daily wire website the Ben
Shapiro Facebook page and the daily wire
YouTube channel it's free for everyone
to watch so if you're a fan you can
watch for free but only subscribers can
ask the questions to ask a question as a
subscriber be sure to log in to our
website daily wire calm to watch the
live stream ask your questions by
joining the daily wire chat box where we
will pull live questions in as they come
this will be the first of a series that
will run with all of our daily wire
hosts and our next conversation will be
with Andrew Clavin and will stream live
on Tuesday October 17th at 5 p.m.
Eastern again
be sure to subscribe today to ask
questions and join the conversation and
if you are like my grandfather who's an
annual subscriber you get this awesome
tumbler it is the greatest of all
tumblers they didn't put alcohol in here
there's only agua so I have issues with
that but so be sure to ask your
questions right now and we'll get things
kicked off ok so excited I'm so pumped I
can't even tell you we have some
questions rolling in already some people
are just chit-chatting with us hey yes
hi Austin it's a TM a reunion oh yeah
remember superfan Austin I don't he
would bring us Christmas gift oh yes I
do remember yes yes very nice guy yes he
brought us brought me comic books that's
true ok so we have our first question
from Ryan Hill he's asking if Andrew
Breitbart was still alive today what do
you think his views or positions would
be on Trump more specifically how would
his views or position differ from yours
potentially so I do think that
probably back from so I differ from a
lot of my colleagues who knew Andrew I
knew Andrew really well I think that
Andrew in the end would have backed
Trump I I do know certain things about
Andrew that would not have gone the same
as they did during the last election
cycle during the Michelle fields
incident for example one thing Andrew
never stood for was anybody mistreating
his reporters if he thought that one of
his miss his reporters is mistreated
who'd have flown down to Florida and
asked her a personal apology from
Lewandowski for example that's who
Andrew was but he would have liked Trump
hitting the media he would not have
liked I think some of the some of the
pandering the Trump did particular
groups but I think the truck I think in
a row would have probably been lukewarm
on trunk because Andrew was it was a
counter-puncher on Trump's a
counter-puncher so I actually think that
and will probably would have supported
drum so you would have necessarily
primaries but I think in the general for
sure so I would have different from him
there I didn't support either major
candidate what do you think Andrew would
have other than pushing back at the
media what do you what other quality of
Trump do you think you would have liked
that was the only thing Andrew cared
about deeply I mean when I came to
pushing back against the media that was
his big crusade so I don't think that he
would have liked you know Trump's
dishonesty with regards did the other
Republican candidates I don't think that
it would have been fond of Trump ripping
george w bush over the iraq war for
example i remember andrew being a pretty
big proponents of the iraq war but i do
think that he would have appreciated
trump's counterpunching nature and that
probably would have tipped him over into
in Trump's camp so just to prove that
all questions will be asked unless you
guys are ridiculously vulgar which I
don't think that many fans of Ben are
here's one that just came in that I
absolutely love have you ever tasted
bacon before you became Orthodox and if
so do you miss eating it no I've never
tasted bacon so even when we're not
Orthodox we never a bore but you had
McDonald's McDonald's yes and we always
we have what we never I'd meat and milk
together and we never ate pork so again
even when you weren't keeping fully
kosher those were always ruled from the
time message I've heard it's fantastic
is it is it as good as they say
I mean dear god it's amazing it's like I
was one of those things but I better
hope that I might Jesus I can eat bacon
cuz it's work it just didn't eat bacon
guys I mean it's hard to break it do you
I don't know one of us yeah he was one
of you but because of him I can so fair
praise the Lord
anyway and then Sean also asked was the
wine that Knowles poured for roaming
will it
humming calm I think I think it was
drugstore wine and he told me label I
know like Oh son was never taking wine
advice from of course it was drugstore
wine from Michael Cole's a cigar made of
paper yeah he pretends that he's rich
music she pathetic specimen of human
Roger asked Ben earlier this year you
mentioned that the daily wire storm will
be opening I'd like to get an update on
that so that is I kept saying it's in
the works it's actually in the works
yeah like we are probably are building
that out and I know the people been
waiting forever because I promised this
well over a year ago but just consider
it a promise delayed not a promise
denied so okay Daniel asks what's up
with it I'm assuming he's talking about
the movie it which I am NOT going okay
I've never seen the movie I read the
book okay the book has one of the worst
scenes in the history of literature okay
so you tweeted their be insane in which
a girl forget the language was
gangbanged by a bunch of a bunch of
eleven it's an 11 year old girls an 11
year old boys it's one an 11 year old
girl in like seven six eleven year old
boys and they're going around town
searching for the evil master clown or
whatever and and there's one point where
they're trapped in a tunnel and first no
reason whatsoever he just inserts like a
graphic sex scene that's about ten pages
long of this girl being repeatedly it
means consensual but she is she has sex
at eleven so it's not really consensual
with like six other guys it's a very
weird book it's not my favorite Stephen
King book he's a weirdo and that's a
very weird section got into a twitter
battle with him the other day it was a
very short battle I mean he he said the
Trump had you been holding that scene
and he said Trump was crazy and had
weird thoughts and I said dude you wrote
a scene where eleven-year-olds gangbang
a girl so I think that 11 year-olds are
sexually active like that in and of
itself is not great and then having her
have sex with like a bunch of them right
in a row and this is actually their
pathway to get out of the out of the bad
situation there and this is considered
like their pathway to adulthood if it's
supposed to be metaphorical I I think
the metaphor kind of sucks but gross I
have zero desire to see the movie um you
know I'll probably see it when it comes
out on video I actually I think that
horror movies are doing well in theaters
because you do need the communal
experience in order to truly be freaked
out really on your Mumbai yeah because
otherwise my wife walks in from the
other room or you know they hear the kid
crying in the other room and yeah it's
me Alice because I'd be like oh my god
the clown
in the house get the gun right that
that's not me so much but it like it so
you want to be in the dark theater if
you're gonna watch it if you don't watch
a horror movie you sort of have to do in
a theater but I'm not big on horse that
means that I will wash it probably
outside the theater later what you see
the quality of it what's your favorite
kind of movie they've seen him in the
movie theater because you are a movie
buff sci-fi yes I said because the
visuals usually require you to be in the
theater well you know action sometimes
sci-fi usually drama you can always
right now okay okay before we go any
further I do have to say thank you to
our sponsors over at upside comm so if
you're like me and you do a lot of
business travel then it is requisite
that you check out upside comm they help
you bundle flights and hotels they make
sure that you have this concierge
service this basically six star
concierge service right it recently
there was a navigator who noticed an up
side user was booked in a middle seat on
a three hour plus flight so they
automatically upgraded her to an aisle
seat with more legroom which is pretty
awesome that is the the beauty of upside
comm and they also have this amazing
thing where when you book their flights
then you also get a $100 or $200 or $300
Amazon gift card kickback to you
directly so you use the company credit
card and you get the Amazon gift card
which is awesome so go to upside comm
use my code Bend and you will get a
minimum one hundred dollar gift card to
amazon.com that's code Ben for a minimum
one hundred dollar gift card to
amazon.com when you buy your next
business trip at upside comm again you
deserve a better business trip if
concierge service they're there for you
all the time
minimum purchase is required terrific
service we use it all the time here at
the daily wire next question and I think
I know the answer to this but obviously
the audience doesn't chris is asking
would you ever consider moving out of
California ah yeah I'm not what did in
California I mean I've lived here my
entire life yeah but there are
circumstances that would that would
force us to move I mean if he of
California does start moving against
religious people in dictating that
religious people can't raise their
children as they see fit and I would
move we've seen that in other states
yeah what we've seen in Canada and we're
gonna start seeing it in California so
yeah that's that's a serious
consideration and they're gonna drive
all the religious people out of the
state so yes I mean that we've for
business reasons we've considered moving
out of California California's a
horrible State to do business so where
would you go Texas yeah well you know
Texas has a lot of good things about it
including Greg Abbott which leads us to
I think he should run for president and
wes is asking what would it take for you
to run for president in 20
20 or 20 24 so 20 20 you're not going to
happen I am old enough like right at the
gossip site earn all right let's see has
born 84 us that means that in 2020 I
would okay I would turn 30 sec okay but
the but the problem is that I wouldn't
want to divide the Republican Party and
I think that whatever happens right now
you know President Trump is is the
titular leader of the Republican Party
there's a lot of people very loyal to
him the last thing you want to do is
sink the candidate of the Republican
Party in the primaries and destroy him
for a general election or alternatively
alienate you know half of the people who
are big Trump supporters so I think that
it's Trump or bust for the Republican
Party in 2020 no further doubt yeah
further down the line you know we'll see
what happens I don't have really any
intention of doing anything like that
right now but that's because we're
focused right now obviously not only on
building the company but in ensuring
that the message gets out to the widest
variety of people available and I'm
actually not sure whether you do more
good convincing people outside of
government or being in government trying
to convince people once you sort of have
the patina of government stamped on you
I wonder how many ideas you can actually
change how many minds you can change as
opposed to being in the mind changing
business which is what we do here so you
think it's important obviously to be in
the mind changing business but obviously
some people are important to be on the
hill yeah what an idiot like writing
bills is not something that like I
wouldn't wanna be a senator or a
governor don't like that seems like too
dull for you
well senator seems cut at all I mean
like really sitting up and watching the
lobbyists write the bills and then
checking their spelling like that
doesn't seem that much fun oh snap I
wonder if some senators are daily wire
subscribers and they might have the
Senators and I know and probably agree
with public service I mean they're doing
something that really is a service yeah
they do for fun I assume yeah so I do
they need a better brand of fun the
super geeks so I like this question from
Keenan he asks what would superhero ben
shapiro do like what would in what would
your superpower be oh well my superpower
be well you know i well personal Marvel
vs. DC DC always okay that's an easy cut
a scene universe what would superhero
shapiro love me and like what would your
power you always have to go for superman
right because unbeatable he's basically
God so you can do it everyone
and that that's why the and you're not a
comic book reader but there's a whole
series called the injustice Yesi
universe yes and injustice is really
fascinating setup because Superman
basically decides that he's tired of all
of these mortals running the place
because they stink at it and so he
becomes global dictator and Batman has
to teach him then no you're not supposed
to be global dictator like freedom
requires that you allow people to get
rich in the been athletic Batman vs
Superman we kind of saw a little bit of
like Affleck was afraid that that's what
we're right exactly exactly so hints of
it yeah in that movie is wildly
underrated everybody who hates that
movie doesn't they're stupid that movie
is not bad that movies pretty good it
has its sections yeah in any case the
yeah I mean as Mobile Suit I mean first
thing you would do is do some of the
things you actually see Superman do in
the film right you'd actually see him or
in the comics you like go murder
everyone in Isis right if you had
superpowers that's what you would have
to do you know to be you would want to
be a Superman
yeah is there special power that
Superman might not have that that you
would want well I mean Superman has
every power except for inability to he
can fly he is invincible so that means
that you can't wound or kill him that's
true unless you have kryptonite he
doesn't eat he doesn't really age it's
kind of weird cuz in some of the comics
he ages and some of them he kind of
doubts and he reaches the doulton kind
of stays there huh and yeah I mean he's
as fast as the flash he's invincible
he's super strong so it has all the
powers it's just the Kryptonite that is
his kryptonite so you'd want to be
Superman you'd want to have the powers
of Superman with you in select a Batman
that's that's really what you'd want
Batman smarter than Superman really yeah
in the in the comics he's he's supposed
to be the smartest guy on earth well but
what if Superman's the smartest guy in
the universe he's not though I mean
they're like oh okay
uh sorry pause man lots of people are
really excited about the store they're
working on a guy it's happening don't
worry
it says recently California has voted
and is about to sign a bill that enables
California to become a sanctuary state
would this be considered a make-or-break
deal for you
it's not making a big deal for me I mean
because I live in Los Angeles mm-hmm
third of the population is probably here
and we're a sanctuary
yeah we're a sanctuary City so I know I
I think it's a good decision by the
state of California no I think that
they're gonna end up with a lot of these
people on the public rolls and I think
it undercuts federal immigration
policies but I've always felt that the
federal government was responsible for
immigration policy and you know it's
it's weird to me that there's this
one-way ratchet with regard to
immigration policy where if you're a
state like California you declare
yourself a sanctuary state and everybody
goes yay but if your state like Arizona
and you enforce immigration law and
Obama comes in and says you're not
allowed to do that we're going to sue
the existence out of you so the federal
government ought to be enforcing the
border and if they're not then states
are gonna do what they want
unfortunately so I'm moving to some
printing questions cuz it looks like we
have a technical issue don't worry folks
we'll be figuring that out Jacqueline
asks what is your favorite junk food um
I am a sugar Emma sugar junkie a little
bit jelly beans and what like like
Ronald Reagan ground Reagan oh I like
pay d'Artois flavor I let's see well the
Jelly Belly's hours are amazing so I
acts like I get like a four pound pack
from oh wow you go to the dry goods
section at Ralph that's exactly right
Amazon you get the four pound pack it
comes in a big box and nice it takes you
a few months to go through it oh so
you're not that much more a president of
the day between Trump and Hillary really
yeah I gave myself diabetes because I
hated it so much okay hi Ben I watched
your interview with Knowles and you said
that you your family was not always
Orthodox what were you before then did
you always believe in God thanks for all
you do and keep up the good fight from
Melissa
so conservatives I would say like we
were we were always interested in
Judaism from the time that I was young
no he came fully observant meaning
keeping sabbath keeping fully kosher
when i was 11 but i was going to a
Jewish day school by the time I was 8 so
it was kind of a process from moving
from you know belief in God and belief
in Judaism
toward full observation tour toward you
know observing all of them toward being
Orthodox oh yeah I don't remember a time
when when I didn't believe in God but I
spend an awful lot of time reading about
God and investigating and trying to come
up with logical arguments for against
God I'm suppose to be on Sam Harris's
podcast sometime and then your futures
going on so we'll do it and we'll do an
atheism versus a religion episode
that'll be a it should be interesting I
think Sam's a smart guy okay if someone
asks can health care truly function and
be fixed by the free market alone
if not how much room is there for
government to help out so so healthcare
is is I don't know you mean by fixed so
if we're talking about everybody being
covered the answer is no because there
are certain people who are uncomfortable
there are people who have stage 4 cancer
and there's no insurance program that's
gonna cover them
that's where charity comes in so if
something does have to fill the gap for
people who are suffering and can't
afford and that's where I believe
private charity should come in and fill
the gap the problem is this once you get
the government to structure insurance
systems around trying to take care of
those who aren't you can't take care of
then those subsidies have to come from
somewhere and you're talking about
compelling a doctor to either provide
service at below cost or you're talking
about siphoning money from my pocket
into somebody else's pocket and you have
a perverse incentive system where people
decide that it's not worth working
because they're not gonna get good
enough insurance they may as well stay
on Medicaid so this is the as I've said
many times the framework for health
insurance should should really be
thought of like this you can have there
are three elements there's affordability
there is universality and there's
quality those three are the elements you
can only have two of those three you
cannot have all three so any system that
you build most of them only have one but
the free-market system creates
affordability and quality but not
universality because you can't force
people to get health insurance when
they're young healthy and because there
are people who are just uncomfortable
the government systems vary between
affordable and universal but not quality
and quality and universal but not
affordable those are the because
government is there to provide universal
ality okay so someone else Chris asked
do you think that the current justices
are willing to replace the roe v-- wade
and if not who needs to retire well
Kennedy needs to go so right now there
are four justices on the Supreme Court
who could theoretically vote to overturn
roe v white you got gore said you got
Thomas you've got Alito and you've got
rot and you got Roberts Roberts I think
it's a very dicey Obamacare right I
don't I don't know that he actually vote
to overturn roe v-- wade he's he's big
in the stare decisis meaning the case
has been decided he's into precedent and
the problem with people who are into
precedent is why I like Justice Thomas
is because once you say that you're into
precedent you get to pick and choose
which precedents you you actually want
to follow justice Thomas's precedent
doesn't matter all that matters is
whether the case was rightly decided so
in so many years I'm not sure ever I
mean really I think that I mean
political upheaval yeah well it yeah the
political uh people would be pretty
pretty dramatic but beyond that I you
have to probably replace Roberts you
probably have to replace Kennedy you
know you certainly have to replace
Kennedy and even then I think that
Thomas is a sure vote I think that Alito
isn't sure vote I think that you know
Roberts is Roberts is not and and
Gorsuch I'm not sure where he stands on
this like Gorsuch I have a feeling that
he might vote to overturn roe v-- wade
I'm not sure that he's sure vote on that
looking at it looking at sort of his his
comments on it so I feel like as long as
I can remember and and going forward
every single time a justice is up before
the Senate in the committee being asked
these questions roe v-- wade always
comes up right and one of the things
that drives me absolutely nuts about
judicial appointments is that people say
well there shouldn't be any litmus test
of course there should be litmus tests
the litmus test should be are you going
to overrule roe v wade and if you say no
then you should obviously not be
appointed because roe v wade is one of
the worst decided cases in the history
of the court there's nothing in the
Constitution that says that abortion is
a fundamental right protected by the
Constitution it's insane it's totally
insane probably not but I think that as
technology advances I think you're
seeing a lot of minds change this is one
of the cases where anything you see
minds change in the right direction it
used to be you know 15 years ago I would
say that the pro-life position was less
popular and the anti-same-sex marriage
position was more popular and now they
seem to have reversed the pro-life
position is getting more popular as
people see you know that is where ten
weeks old yeah in the womb and they look
like babies and we still have this sort
of lizard brain that says well it has to
look like a baby and order fried for me
to consider it a human life which is
stupid but it people do work that way
and so there's a large consensus that
there need to be heavy restrictions
third trimester I think that's gonna
continue to creep back to the point
where a pro lifers continue to win
cierra asked she says that actually that
you won sit on the podcast and Judaism
adultery is an unforgivable sin how then
do you explain Abraham and his
relationship with God so Abraham doesn't
commit adultery Abraham is is has a
concubine so there's an actual status
and biblical law of occupied which is
which isn't like an ancient biblical law
it doesn't exist anymore that got but
it's it but ancient biblical law has the
status of concubine which means you're
not on par with the wife but it's not
against the rules for you to have to
have conjugal relations with with the
house
right and so this is also pretty Bible
actually right I mean this pre Torah
Abraham is in the pre biblical era once
you get later on then concubines are
still a thing but it's but much rarer
and you see multiple marriage and you
see man marrying multiple women and that
continues in Judaism for another you
know several hundred years and then you
get to monogamy so it's you know you
have to apply the standards that were in
place at the time you don't get to apply
today's standards of one man one woman
to Abraham having more than while
Abraham had more than one wife cuz he
marries after she dies but but maybe
haven't had one wife and then he had and
then he had what's her name um Ishmael's
mother he bill ha I know Bill hanzo bar
the blanking on it sorry mom yeah hey in
any case but the bottom line is that
those laws do not apply so so gaybraham
wouldn't that the key case would be
David I assume you mean David right
David actually does committed this
question specifically was regarding a
talking about David David actually has
sex with a married woman right so the
Bathsheba I remember her name yeah that
wasn't that one you get exactly right
and then he proceeds to have her husband
essentially murdered so yeah that one's
a really bad one and all you can say is
that there was special dispensation from
God because that one is not really
understandable any other way
interesting all right moving along Ryan
asks what topic or political issue are
you most educated or informed on and
then which one do you think that you're
the least informed on so I feel like I'm
in pretty well informed well certainly
on American law constitutional
jurisprudence I feel like I'm pretty
well informed economics I feel like I'm
pretty well informed foreign policy
depends on the topic in terms of that
broad issues that people spend a lot of
time on and when I feel at least
comfortable with is global warming the
reason being because I see so much
conflicting data coming from different
sources and because I'm not an expert in
climatology I read a bunch of sources
and I can understand what I can
understand but I can't pretend to be an
expert in something that I don't really
you know understand the minutiae of so
that's why what I usually say is there
seems to be consensus that global
warming is happening there seems to be
not as much of a consensus about the
level as to which it's happening even
even right the the level of why is
really the quest
like man is causing some of it the
question is how much is man causing and
then there's a final question which is
how much can man mitigate what's about
to happen or is it better for us to just
technology our way out of it because the
climate changes over time so these are
all questions that I'm relatively open
on but I'm not doctrinaire on on that
one not certainly not doctrinaire enough
to dismiss it and also not doctrinaire
enough to say we ought to add trillions
of dollars in debt to our economy and
destroy the modern economy in order to
chase what seems to be bad modeling or
have the EPA regulate everything right
exactly I mean you actually have to show
me the proof on how it's going to work
in each particular case but that's this
one right I punch a little bit
Jeremiah wants to know how you met
Jeremy boring oh so I met Jeremy boring
through a former employer of mine headed
mark masters so mark was the head of
talk radio network I know our Nicator
for Laura Ingraham and Michael Savage at
the time and I got my job with Mark
actually 300 Breitbart so I was working
with Mark and Mark wanted to get in the
movie business and Jeremy was the head
of the super-secret not secret group at
all friends of Abe which is the
conservative group in Hollywood the
underground conservative group in
Hollywood Jeremy was the president saw
that Mark was having conversations with
Jeremy about movies and he brought me
into the conversation with Jeremy about
moviemaking and then Jeremy and I were
both in LA and so we got together and
became friends and so we've been
business partners for let's see we
started true thurible together in 2014
2000 2013 2013 we started truth revolt
together so I remember it based on like
how old my first kid was yeah exactly so
right you're there exactly so so even
we've been formal business partners for
four years and then we did kind of a few
side projects together before that for a
couple of years so know each other for
seven or eight years now and I think I
should be saying that it's a miracle
that you actually call him a friend
because you don't have that many friends
that this is true as I've said on my
show I think friends are a giant waste
of time a general perspective is that if
you have lots and lots of friends if you
don't actually have any friends if you
have a few friends and family then you
have friends because there are certain
people like people you can call pick you
up from the airport is one thing but
people who like oh god you're in dire
need if you're gonna make somebody drive
all the way to LAX like they owe you
that's true in LA there better be a
really good friend but I would even make
Jeremy drive me to the airport here I
mean that's let you care about who to
market yeah I wouldn't want him to say
his time in life yeah like that like if
we should really have to be a member of
my family for you know want you to drive
me to the airport and then you would
love your family so much that you're
like I'll just Ober and save you right
exactly
so yeah forest asks what is your
standard for who deserves capital
punishment who deserves capital
punishment well I think that it is based
on the egregious nough so if you're
talking about no murder obviously you
deserve capital punishment because
you've taken a life and best a life you
shall give I think when it comes to rape
I have said before that I support the
notion of capital punishment for rape I
think they're decent counter arguments
I've heard dennis prager make some of
them the idea that if you create capital
punishment for rape you're incentivizing
somebody to kill the person they just
raped because then they might as well
kill er she's not a witness um which I'm
not a terrible counter-argument but on a
moral level I think that the the worst
of all crimes are rape and murder and
those are the two that I would recommend
the death penalty for everything else
it's hard to for me to get there hard a
hard are you yeah I mean it's hard for
me to argue in favor of the death
penalty for anything except for rape and
murder if something else occurs to me I
will you know okay moving along with
another legal question someone said that
you once said in the film 12 Angry Men
that the boy was guilty he's guilty in a
legal sense what is the case that he was
guilty beyond a reasonable doubt and
none of the doubts that are raised by
Henry Fonda and the movie 12 Angry Men
are reasonable so people know people
mistake reasonable doubt for any doubt
okay reasonable doubt doesn't mean that
any doubt is out of your mind because
there's literally no issue in your life
on which you have no doubt whatsoever if
there are then you're a lucky person but
the vast majority of us have like even
minor niggling doubts about things
that's not enough for you to overturn a
murder verdict in that particular case
they said that the particular knife that
the kid used at the time was in his
pocket and then his story was that he
dropped through the bottom of his pocket
if I recall the film correctly there was
an eyewitness who said that she saw the
boy killed a father and he counts are
evidences that she wasn't wearing her
glasses which is throws slight doubt on
her story but does not undercut the
entire thing there's no alternative
theory of the crime
the boy had argued with his father
earlier that night the like they assume
the basic assumption is that Henry
Fonda's the good guy in that movie and
that everybody else is biased and for
their own reasons they're coming to a
guilty verdict and you're saying that
Henry found
ain't so good I'm saying that henry
fonda is is is being a little bit a
let's just say he's enjoying the sound
of his own voice a lot in that film III
enjoy a listen I enjoyed the film I've
watched him many times a great movie
haha but I would vote to convict and I
wouldn't vote to convict based on I hate
my son like likely J Cobb in that movie
I would vote to convict because the kids
actually guilty do you think do you ever
wish that you could be on a jury uh so I
wouldn't wanna spend a time on a hurry I
mean I've worked in a prosecutor's
office and spending time on a jury
doesn't seem like a lot of fun yeah and
I will never be able to serve on a jury
now yeah because I'm no more you are
because yeah I mean I walk into a room
and the defense would be like you're out
get out it's actually happening I'm
gonna have to ask you a free speech or a
Second Amendment question they'd just be
like that one go and the although before
before I sort of got more wall mode five
six years ago I had jury service and I
went into I went for jury service and I
knew the prosecutor so that helped me I
was like hey how are you and it
spenceley get out and the prosecutor was
like you know me but you won't you'll be
objective so I was like no I won't I
like you you're my friend
he was like dangit Shapiro doing that
jury oh yeah I said I'm swish I could be
on a jury just to put a bad guys behind
bars well see then you better see a jury
right exactly actually I wish I could be
the Punisher that's what I think that's
what you're saying Eric is asking what
do we have to do to get Hillary Clinton
to just go away
uh I mean she's not going to just go
away because ever I mean she's just what
else does she have to do with her life
hanging out with Bill
I like that in her book she keeps
talking how much he loves Bill and it's
like sweetie
like no ah tomorrow your language
sweetie no that's not that's not a thing
yeah you're not from Oklahoma it doesn't
it doesn't it doesn't work it sounds
kind of setting in sexist for me but it
sounds a little weird yeah it's it's odd
but she but no she's like the idea that
she loves her husband is is one of these
stupider concepts of it but they're
never going away I mean now today on
this book tour right well she she has to
justify the fact that she lost the most
winnable election in American history to
talk so a game shows a man like how do
you lose a presidential elections Donald
Trump you know how bad have to be at
this like this one of my pet peeves is
everybody keeps saying oh it was the
Trump movement that won everything
listen there wasn't movement for Trump
no question there were there are
districts that swung for trunk but let's
not pretend what happened here what
happened here is everyone hated Hillary
Clinton he won for you at Trump once
your votes it was
to the MIT Romney did in 2012 Romney
lost the state Trump won it no one voted
for Hillary Clinton Trump won fewer
votes in Michigan than George W Bush did
in 2004 George W Bush lost the state of
Michigan
Trump won it why no one showed up to
vote for Hillary Clinton because she's
an egregious ly terrible human being and
nobody wanted to watch her for four
years when he could watch the Trump show
which is at least entertaining it's been
pretty entertaining oh yeah I mean I
just want the mooch to come back that's
all Zak I find this fascinating he says
that he's an enrolled member of the
Native American tribe and he's not sure
how to balance his conservative values
and his tribal culture so he asks you
how do you feel about Native American
tribal sovereignty so my feeling is that
you know originally Native American
tribal sovereignty was offered on the
basis of the American government
basically usurping traditional Native
American land so I understand that the
question is not really how I feel about
the American government's treatment of
Native Americans it's more do I think
that individuals in the Native American
community ought to feel a necessity to
stay living on a reservation and there
I'll plead ignorance I mean if you feel
like in order to preserve your cultural
connection you have to live on a
reservation that's fine but if you want
to live a life that has more economic
upside if you want to live outside a
reservation I would suggest that if you
look at the the rates of poverty and
alcoholism in Native American tribe the
tribal reservations they're
extraordinarily high and sometimes
sometimes you'd be better off trying to
preserve Native American culture by
moving into the mainstream moving
outside the reservations and and joining
the rest of American culture and still
trying to preserve what you have I mean
this is sort of the same question people
had about Jews when Jews used to live in
ghettos okay should we continue to get
allies herself or should we move out
into the broader world I'm more of a fan
of move out in the broader world and
stand still retain your culture hmm
Carter wants to know would you recommend
going to undergraduate in-state to save
money and then going to a better law
school or should I spend more money on
undergrad and go to school like
University of Chicago instead so it
depends on whether you are set I'm going
to a postdoc or if you are just going to
go undergrad so here's the reality in
the job market your grad school matters
a lot more than when you went to where
you want to college so if you went to
law school and at Harvard like I didn't
you went to UCLA
for undergrad that no one cares about
the UCLA everyone cares about the
Harvard because Harvard was another
screening process understand that the
name of the school matters only insofar
as it's a screening process for smart
people so it's a shortcut we use a
mental shortcut if I say once Harvard a
lot of people know okay I'm smarter than
the guy I'm probably smarter than the
guy who went south Western School of Law
right it's just that mental shortcut
sometimes it's true sometimes it's not
but that's sort of the general rule well
once you've gotten into Harvard Law it
doesn't matter if you went to Junior
College out here as long as you got into
Harvard Law that's on the resume that's
like the that's the big thing right so
if you got into a better school
afterward then no one's gonna care where
you went to undergrad if you just want
to go to a good undergrad University
Chicago is a great school so all right
so I hope that answered his questions
who do you think was the best Democratic
president that's Democratic president
the the best Democratic president you in
the modern era Truman okay and why
because because Truman was at least
hard-headed on foreign policy with
regard to the Cold War
his his economic policies were not great
but hit but with regard to the Cold War
he seemed to understand the nature of
the Iron Curtain
which is something that many Democrats
did not at JFK was sort of cut from the
same cloth is true and they were
basically similar presidents in many
ways the Democratic Party truly did not
go fully and completely off the rails
with regards to domestic policy until
well with regard to foreign policy until
late I mean that was that was really
after the cold war with McGovern
probably is whether the Democratic party
went completely off the rails on foreign
policy on domestic policy they were off
the rails with FDR they got back on the
rails a little bit of JFK they went off
the rails again with LBJ as far as the
early Democratic Party like the
Democratic Republican Party is in like
Thomas Jefferson
I think Jefferson was was a decent
president I don't think he was like I
agree with a lot of Jefferson's states
rights sort of principles is devolution
to to the local authorities okay Taylor
wants to know that when you're
discussing or arguing politics with a
friend especially one that probably or
mostly agrees with you on a lot of
topics when do or where do you draw the
line on explaining why you think that
they're wrong so it's been as if I
to keep them as friends or not so as I
said earlier I think that friends are
largely useless what I mean by that is
not that they are that it's terrible to
have lots of friends all I mean is that
if you can't have open and honest
discussions with your friends then
you're unlikely to actually be good
friends with them like I only make
friends with people with whom I can have
open and honest discussions even when we
disagree all right because otherwise I
don't feel comfortable like the whole
purpose of being friends with somebody
is that you're comfortable enough to say
whatever and to tell them the truth and
if I can't tell them the truth and I
don't so if you're asking me like for
acquaintances then when it starts to get
uncomfortable then I cut and we move to
another topic because what's the point I
tend to gauge in conversation which
what's the purpose of the conversation
is the conversation driven toward me
convincing you or is it driven toward me
you know hearing myself talk or is it
driven toward me trying to prepare for
debate somewhere else I mean every
conversation has a different purpose so
it like situationally if you were a
guest in someone else's home yeah I'm
pretty my way from somebody else's home
unless I feel like it's purposeless to
be polite in which case I'm rude I mean
there is a story where I was at when I
was at Harvard Law I made a girl cry at
a Chabad dinner I got a Friday night I
have Superman
that was it that was yeah yes sad it
wasn't because she wanted to go out with
him no it definitely was not and vice
versa it was it was because she was
especially coming funny story so she was
she and her boyfriend and we're sitting
across the table from me and she was
making the case that America should
adopt the mandatory maximum 40-hour
workweek like France had and I said
that's a stupid and terrible idea and
she said why and I explained her
economically why that is so and how
you'll end up with an under supply of
labor and artificial boost all the
prices inflation all the rest and her
boyfriend starts nodding because her boy
and her boyfriends like that's that's
true that's true and she started getting
more and more angry and she started to
get very very you know kind of nasty and
finally said listen you don't know
anything about what you're talking about
you really shouldn't vote like please
don't vote because you clearly don't
know what that is oh my god you're
saying that women shouldn't vote she she
didn't take it that way because I wasn't
saying I actually I may have explicitly
said I'm not saying women shouldn't vote
there are lots of women who know what
they're talking about you're just not
one of them oh um but she she started
she started getting upset and crying and
then I heard her and her boyfriend
arguing downstairs because he agreed
with me and then they came back up and
then she wanted to reengage in the
conversation I was like no we're done
here like once I make you cry the
conversation is sort of over that's
awkward that was awkward
I had many Awkward dinner conversations
at the Chabad of of Cambridge those
Friday nights were an interesting time
interesting time Patrick says hey Ben if
we can assume we're on a collision
course with Isis in one way or another
do you think Sherman had it right in
that the only moral way to engage in war
is to get it over with as soon as
possible
yeah I think that's it I think that's
exactly correct I mean it's it depends
on the nature of the casualties you're
gonna sustain if we took that to its
logical extension presumably you're just
new cooperate you're fighting but you do
have to take him to account civilian
life so I think that I would only add
one factor how many lives you are
attempting to preserve in the process
okay so as quick and expediently as
quite as possible with the leather with
the least loss of wouldn't find that
formula is difficult I mean this that's
why war is tough I mean we have the
power to wipe out anybody on the face of
the earth like right now the United
States but we don't nuke everybody
because we wish to preserve life and and
provide you know the possibility of a
better tomorrow for a lot of the people
in whose countries were fighting do you
think my husband and I were actually
talking about this earlier because there
was a little earthquake here in Los
Angeles last night and so we were
talking about our what's our emergency
plan I mean if stuff goes down you don't
have Shapiro Stan right which you have a
large moat around correct and alligators
and bombed and yes exactly
is it likely for a country whether it's
North Korea Russia China like would they
really bomb the United States like what
is it is there suicidal so this is why
everybody was deeply worried about North
Korea's going to nuke us they'd have to
be insane to do that I mean it's
possible they're insane but I think that
that would be that would be the end of
the Kim regime and the only thing Kim
seems to care about is preserving his
regime his own regime yes we are well
stocked we are well stocked I assume
that you have lots of Wingull wine over
there yeah and my Patriot supply what we
really have like the full deal yeah of
things that you need in case of honey
water exactly got the ammo perfect good
to go folks the Governor Brown isn't
watching as a college student based on
the poll done recently how do you
propose we go about convincing college
students that violence is not okay to
shut down speech that they don't like I
mean I think that we ought to tell them
that their feelings are completely
irrelevant to this particular
conversation and that they have no right
to shut down the speech boo it's the
cobbling that makes them
it's nothing it's not the it's not the
confrontation that makes them think this
alright the codling makes them think
it's okay to to shut down people they
disagree with when you confront them and
say listen you and I disagree but I
don't want to show to you now you don't
have the right to shut me down it's very
hard for them to it's hard for them to
say that's your face so is the coddling
ever gonna stop um no I mean the only
thing that will stop the coddling is
when students and parents decide that
they no longer want to engage in the
coddling and I think that that time is
comeing actually I think there will be a
backlash soon because these students are
just not prepared for life speaking of
students David says that he is a student
in the public school system and wants to
know if he should challenge the evident
liberalism that's laced throughout the
classrooms and within the public school
curriculum or stay silent okay so this
is a case-by-case basis so you need to
determine whether the teachers are
actually going to be receptive to you
talking about these issues or whether
you're just gonna get graded down I have
never been a fan of the idea that you
should purposefully sound off against a
teacher if it means getting a D in the
course and hampering your future ability
to get ahead because you're just giving
power to people who are your political
enemies there's no reason to do that
again think about what's the purpose of
the conversation what I found when I was
in college is sometimes professors
didn't want to hear it and so I'd be
better off waiting until we were in the
room with the TA and then talking with
the the other students in the room with
the TA because the TA didn't usually
care as much as the professor did and I
remember there was one particular class
a geography class where the professor
was his name concept my tongue but he
was he was an actual communist and he
and he was trying to convert everyone to
communism and by the end of the class
I'd convinced about 1/3 of the class
that I was right it started off like
wildly disproportionately against me and
by the end of the class I had I'd sort
of convinced one third that that we were
on the right side of the aisle and he's
too just in the middle of class when he
wanted a counter opinion who just say
somebody from Republican row up there
and there's like a whole row of us sat
together yeah exactly we're always like
the Bloods and the Crips warriors come
out and play
Eleanor wants to know if you were to
become president what laws and policies
would you put in place specifically with
regards to abortion transgenderism gay
marriage etc well I mean it depends on
the kind of laws that you're talking
about so if I were president the law
that I would pursue on same-sex marriage
is not a federal law and same-sex
marriage would be
federal attempt to move the government
out of the business of marriage and
protect religious freedom which is what
I think needs to be protected and the
reason I say that is because if I can
put in place a law that enshrines
traditional marriage again unless the
constitutional amendment then the left
is immediately going to come back in and
just get rid of that law as soon as I'm
gone
and they're gonna go back to status quo
ante so what I would suggest instead is
disestablishing marriage at the
government level and instead you want
your church to perform only traditional
marriage is great we'll have a law on
the books that says that you can do
whatever you want on this issue I mean
it's called the First Amendment we
shouldn't have to have a law for it but
we do need Religious Freedom Restoration
Act on the state level and the federal
level as far as transgenderism I would
not encode in federal policy the the
perverse notion that the federal
government is in charge of paying for
your sex change for example for Chelsea
Manning yeah I think that's absurd
and I would also not I would also fight
very hard the the ridiculous notion that
the Civil Rights Act is supposed to
cover the title line of the Civil Rights
Act is supposed to cover transgenderism
you can't have it both ways either the
Civil Rights Act is based on
discrimination against women or it's
based on there's no distinction between
women and men you cannot do both of
those things at once
I'd be mostly concerned on these scores
it would be mostly about preserving
religious freedom rather than and
getting the government out of the
business of funding everything
altogether so that sort of takes care of
the problem more generally so
unfortunately I have to bring it back to
Hillary Clinton why someone wants to
know if you've been reading her new book
what happened so I was mocking Emily
Butler is our social media director and
we were on a plane and I was mocking her
incessantly because she looked like such
a lefty she was sitting on the plane
reading Hillary Clinton's book I said
why are you wasting your life doing this
and she said basically it's it's just
it's pure delight because it's just it's
just Hillary Clinton suffering for 400
pages and blaming everything on Russia
and Bernie Sanders yeah and I my big
thing is that if I can get away with not
reading the book I'd prefer to do that
because I really don't need to hear her
wine fur I mean I listened to her wine
for legitimately 20 years of my life I
don't need to spend more of my time I
wonder why I would just go away and a
lot during the debates and during the
campaign and now all that stuff
Jacqueline wants to know do you think
anti-discrimination law and fringes upon
a firm's right to freedom of association
yes I'm not in favor of the anti
discriminate
I'm in favor of capitalism if you want
to discriminate against somebody then
you are probably going to lose business
and that's the way that capitalism works
this is why people say well what if they
were discriminate against Jews they
didn't discriminate against Jews and you
know what Jews did that when they built
like Hillcrest Country Club they built
their own country clubs and now no one
discriminates against Jews because why
would they want to leave that money on
the table I think the same is true for
in business virtually always there's
always gonna be somebody who caters to
your needs
and competition tends to drive people
who discriminate out of the market but
if I want to discriminate and I should
certainly be able to pick and choose my
clients and we do hear like if somebody
wanted to call me up and say listen I'm
on the left and I want you to write a
speech for me I should be able to say no
right and I want you to write and if
they say I want you to write a note for
my same-sex wedding I should be able to
say no and if you're a same-sex marriage
advocate if somebody walks into your
bakery and they say I want a I want a
not Adam and Steve cake if you're a
same-sex Baker then you should be able
to say no I don't feel like doing this
for you so so no I'd say yeah I think
it's a discrimination laws largely
is largely a problem so the kind of
fashion grooming question from Jacob
that I I don't think I know the answer
this
would you ever grow a beard I so it's
really itchy
so the in though in Jewish law there's a
three week period where you're not
supposed to shave unless it's for career
reasons so because I do a TV show I have
to shave but the but mmm the temptation
is great to be a lazy ass and never
shave but thank God I have Dollar Shave
Club so I no longer need to worry about
it because Dollar Shave Club is
excellent so with the beard it makes my
personality even darker and really it's
up to dr. Shapiro oh yeah she's like
yeah really she's a very beautiful and
attractive woman and the last thing that
I would want to do is alienate that so
PJ wants to say shout out to his fiance
Claire apparently she's your biggest fan
and although Claire also it's a question
if you could pick any figure in American
history post Knight 1865 sorry who would
you have been would I have been yeah um
who'd Remos sympathize with his probably
Calvin Coolidge hmm because
Coolidge as the president was basically
a guy who said listen my job is just to
administrate and that's it like there's
so many great stories they called him
silent Cal because he actually didn't
like talking he was actually a very good
speaker if you opposite of you yeah I
like talking but he's a great speaker
but he was also like me he was a bit of
a misanthrope and he and he didn't he
wasn't big unlike the the hand shaking
the baby kissing some huh I'm actually a
lot warmer than Cal was Believe It or
Not Alicia but is it but I but but what
he did was his whole shtick was listen
I'm here to do a job I do my job and
then I leave you alone I kind of like
that I wish the president would do that
right I've always said the president
should basically be a glorified DMV
worker he had her do a job you should
leave me at you should do it and you
should leave me alone so most DMV
workers aren't that good that is true so
Calvin Coolidge is who you would want to
be or knew he's the one who I most
sympathize with who I'd want to be I
mean yeah I mean the the sinful part of
me says you want to be JFK I do not need
to know that I mean every man would like
to be JFK in the sinful part of him
that's going to help and the non central
part of me I you know it posted post
1865 you'd have to say Reagan er or
Coolidge probably okay who are the top
five worst presidents in American
history worst presidents okay so be
cannons always embolus I you'd have to
put let's see who else is generally on
the list of terrible presidents be
cannon because he led up to the Civil
War I in the 20th century I I would put
LBJ on there I think obk was an awful
president the left was LBJ I think he'll
be treated more damage to the country
than any president in the last 50 years
he was you know the one good thing that
he did was the first few provisions of
the Civil Rights Act but the but the
institution of the welfare state was
egregiously terrible the Vietnam War
obviously was pursued in horrible
fashion he was a garbage president JFK
LBJ
I would put Obama on the top five he's
done tremendous damage to American
standing around the world and I think
he's fundamentally shifted the way
Americans think about the nature of
government I think is a very change
oriented a very change oriented
president and they're a bunch of failed
presidents between like eighteen between
Jackson and Lincoln they're a bunch of
presidents who did like five seconds in
office mmm I you know William Henry
Harrison
there for five seconds then died but
worse on the level of like maybe the
damage the most damaging Woodrow Wilson
wasn't for sure he might be number one
Woodrow Wilson was super super terrible
and I put FDR Louis I think I was a
garbage president who lengthened the
Great Depression by something on the
order of eight years so we have FDR LBJ
Woodrow Wilson I of Barack Obama and
Buchanan and they say that's a fair top
five Robert MacArthur Milan Kundera
commie number six I'm not sure the
Carter actually makes the list rallies
car is only there for four years
okay he's immediately followed by Ronald
Reagan so I hard for me to put him on
the list he's not the most damaging I
think is a garli it's followed by Ronald
Reagan he could have been more damaging
yes if he'd been there for eight years
and if you've been good at his job at
his incompetent stupidity meant that he
was not as damaging I think the other
people that I mentioned were probably
more damaging than Carter Carter comes
in number six on my list all right
Daniel wants you to know that he's a
right-leaning libertarian and he also
happens to be Jewish so how do you get
deal with family get-togethers without
leaving angry my cousin trying to
explain the gender spectrum to me is
just infuriating yeah I mean I just
don't talk politics extended family
gatherings
I don't bother talking politics because
I one of two things will happen either
I'll make a good argument and they won't
listen or I'll make the good argument
they woloson will cry and and that never
ends well it's just not great so uh eric
says day he loves the show and he
frequently hears you refer to Antipa as
communist anarchist thugs does this mean
you don't also that consider them
fascist if not can you please explain
the distinction so communist communism
is sort of a fascism is more of a of a
methodology than it is natural ideology
this is something people make a mistake
about fascism basically talks about
centralized power there there's a
technical definition of fascism under
sort of Mussolini's definition of
fascism fascism originally comes from
the word fascist II which means a bundle
of sticks this is what this is how
Mussolini thought our society that we
were all individual sticks when you
bundle us together we are stronger and
so it was the idea of the collective
being more important than the individual
but we were also going to allow private
industry we were going to instead
organize private industry so that it was
like a so that the entire the word
corporation actually comes from this
notion so that the entire economy was
like a human body and instead of there
being fingers competing with each other
there would just be one finger per per
industry and so it's all very organized
top-down very centralized
I different levels of redistribution
inside fascism and always very very
top-down in terms of cultural domination
so that's more of a if you look at
Hitler he's a great example of this he
would vary from right to left a lot like
sometimes you'd be very pro-business and
sometimes you'd be super duper
anti-business confiscate business
property regulated have a government
take everything over so the idea that
fascism is an element of the right is
not correct it's more of a methodology
that is more often used by what we in
America would consider the left I mean
this is actually a distinction that we
need to we need to make people mix this
up all the time we see when people like
me say the Nazis were left people say
how could they be left they were right
waiting everybody knows they're
right-wing in terms of European politics
they were right-wing because there is no
right wing to actual European politics
the right one American conservatism is
about limited government individual
freedom that does not exist in Europe
okay Europe is not Europe does not have
this concept of parties that are about
individual rights and individual freedom
and I recently with the French politic
right exactly so the right in France is
more about nationalism right and it's
not about individual rights and
individual freedom in limited government
it's about big government that ensures
that our nation is protected and then
the left is about big government that
ensures that our nation is redistributed
that's the big argument there but
neither of those groups are really line
up with American American political
conservatism so this is kind of fun
everybody obviously knows that you
played the violin mm-hmm you played a
Larry King when you were a wee lad and
then it's an almost a couple date with
hot date today millennial do any of the
other people on the daily wire crew play
instruments like Michael Andrew Michael
plays the harmonica the guitar the
ukulele really yep I've seen him in here
doing that
can we get him in like a lei and a grass
skirt thing if you ask him he would do
it not on April Fool's Day I'm sure
anything that will allows Knowles to go
shirtless it's one of the great miseries
of our existence here at the Daily wire
office is that there we've installed a
curtain in the makeup rooms that we can
change our shirts before the before the
show some of us use the curtain Michael
some of us don't intend it's a it's a
horror show
so Michael plays a lotta inside yeah
Jeremy plays the piano okay um I'm
trying to say Angela play any play
violin I play violin but not as well as
you granted and I
although I did requested for the record
I did request when Ben was practicing
before Michael show I was like Devil
Went Down to Georgia go yeah he couldn't
do it so he said you know that song
because that's not my so much Jam
oh lord have mercy sorry you're not a
great American sir how dare you how dare
you she stored for show on hand and he
said as an entity ultimate well and also
Charlie Daniels used to do the freedom
concert it's true so that's that's why I
threw that out there true sorry ah
tranquil did you guys know who else
plays an instrument around here does
anyone any game voice I say except for
me my singing voice beautiful hair you
know everyone everyone who's listened to
the show has heard me saying stars from
my medicine it is it is a masterful work
of heartbreaking genius so we have a big
fan from Europe and who wants to know
what you think about Milo's free speech
week and UC Berkeley and why you didn't
accept the invite when he apparently
invited you to speak there too so the so
number one I would never be on a stage
with Milo I think the Milo is an
egregious specimen of humanity he is you
stayed in as much last week when you
were at Berkeley yeah I mean I've been
pretty clear about my feelings about
Milo and I've laid it out in a number of
pieces I don't really feel the need to
get into it in detail now as far as free
speech week look he has the right to
speak the same that I do I can disagree
with him and he has the right to speak
the one thing that I would be interested
to see is whether they actually jumped
through the requisite hoops meaning that
obviously the UCPD did what it was
supposed to do when I was there they
said 500-600 cops and they you know
we're prepared for violence and they
tamped it down and they did what they
needed to do and that means that we had
to jump through hoops and work with them
I don't know whether free there had been
a lot of stories about whether the free
speech week is actually doing that or
whether it's sort of a publicity scam
that maybe there's a shtick going on
where Milo wants a a publicity fight and
so he either says that Berkeley didn't
do it was supposed to do or they go
there and there's violence I hope not I
hope that Milo actually just wants to go
there and talk but you do have to work
with security there because
unfortunately antipasta think we can't
just pretend Antibes is not a thing they
are a thing
milo knows that better than anyone so
you have to let the UCPD do their job
and that means working with them and
ensuring that you give them all the
information and they need and and
fulfill whatever hoops they have to jump
through we can talk about what the hoops
are justified or not but but you
at least have to do the basics before
before we can say that Berkeley didn't
do its job so this is kind of fun
Tiana is a fan in Ireland and she wants
to know if you have any plans for
international speaking engagement yes so
we are actually going to do a tour I
believe to UK Wow so there's a one of
the one of the colleges over there wants
to give me an award so I think I'm gonna
come over there and do that probably
sometime this year we'll probably do a
week-long stint we'll hit a bunch of the
colleges and and so that'll be fun so
she'll have to take a short little plane
ride yeah well then we'll do I think one
of them is in Ireland it yeah you want
to get it you're gonna do Britain and I
mean UK's all those things right my
muscle isn't right unless is it I mean
unless she's in unless she's in Southern
Ireland okay she did not specify if
she's not specify okay how do Old
Testament generational curses and
blessings mesh with modern-day
individualism so my my belief is that
the blessings and curses section that
are generally communal if you read the
blessings and curses the toughest I as
we call it in the in Hebrew in in
Deuteronomy for example then that is
largely about what the community does
and then God punishing the community
it's not necessarily about the
one-to-one correlation between you do
something wrong and God snacks you it's
not quite that clear in everyday life
and that's so the God can provide you
this the room to exercise our free well
if you were to commit a sin and God were
to immediately punch her in the face you
would stop sinning and you also would
not have free will because there would
be a perfect correlation between cause
and effect so God tends to hide himself
so that you have the ability to choose
and choose to be with him that's that's
the that's sort of the goal what do you
think of the future of Europe is well I
mean they're they're gonna get wiser
they're going to or they're going to
become chaotic I mean right right now
Europe has to decide what it is they
have to decide what values they stand
for and they have to move against the
multicultural stupidity that has been
eating them from the inside even people
like Angela Merkel understand that now
or at least have been making those sorts
of statements I've been further asked do
you think that civil wars are slow
cultural and political change will will
happen there civil wars are usually
pretty rare I would say that slow
culture and political changes is usually
the norm until later breaks into civil
war right Kyle wants to take you out to
dinner when you are in at the University
of Utah
on the 27th well it's very nice with him
I'm not sure if
to be around there long enough for that
nor don't push your food I don't know
it's better question I don't know
there's a culture restaurant it's all
attack you're gonna have to answer also
Kyle all due respect to you I don't know
if your silver color so like he says
that he and his wife are really big fans
and that they'd pay for your security
team to oh that's very sweet of them
though that's very sweet of them well we
can try to make something happen and he
also wants to know what your favorite
food is that's what my favorite food for
a long time for many a year was ravioli
really loved ravioli ravioli is glorious
so what kind of ravioli I like to cheese
ravioli okay and what you're now so it
was steak but I can no longer eat steak
which annoys me why I have this thing
where it's like like this half of the
south of Gio playing it like chest pain
when I eat steak just horrifying take is
wonderful I know oh I know I feel bad
for you I feel bad for me too
Matt berry is asking what's your
favorite satire account or writers so so
that the funniest guy on Twitter is Iowa
Hawk Hawk is hysterically funny also
dprk is really fun and I like to babble
on me I think Babylon B does some really
funny work okay we are almost out of
time folks so I'm trying to get to as
many questions as possible lots of
people are saying that you should really
try bacon well they can say that but
like are they if they want to spend the
time in hell for me I guess they can
volunteer
Jeremiah wants to know if you've ever
been to Israel yes I've been Israel two
times I was there when I was 16 with my
family and I was there when I was
married and what was your favorite part
you better said they're getting married
their part well I mean obviously but it
but it's not aside from that Jerusalem
is always incredible Jerusalem is
amazing I also like taht if you're not
in it spot spot is a it's called the the
holy city of spot or the and it's it's
they have like a whole artist colony and
it's it's a Coppola city like it's it
was very spiritual and mystical so it's
there's the one that feeling that it's
really cool do have any plans to go back
uh yeah I'd like to go back sometime in
the next year maybe we can get some
international speeches going over and
Israel maybe we'll leave a tour if we
see if we see an interest and maybe well
we'll do a daily wear tour days or
almost how they gonna be fun okay let's
try to do maybe final questions I feel
like this is gonna take a little bit to
answer what is your stance on net
neutrality this comes from Eric Phillips
and can you explain it simply so that
others can understand what it actually
is
okay so net neutrality from what I
understand
is the proposition that ISPs Internet
service providers should be forced to
load all pages at the same speed the
idea here would be that if you have a
blog that it should load at the same
speed as Google I am not in favor of
this the reason I'm not in favor of this
is because it actually enshrines the
dominance of a lot of the current of a
lot of the current leaders in the
industry it actually enshrines the it
prevents the ISPs from up charging
places like Google and Facebook and
charging them extra to load faster so
that's what it really does that's why
Google and Facebook are for it so when
people say corporations are against net
neutrality depends on the corporation
Google and Facebook are both for net
neutrality because it basically means
treating the internet like a utility we
only get charged the same for water and
power it would be the same thing for web
sites you all get changed you're charged
the same for the amount of internet
usage well if you want competition in
the marketplace then you should be able
to charge what you want in the
marketplace as an isp in order for that
to truly happen though you need to
deregulate ISPs right now there are a
lot of local regulations on internet
service providers building in the fiber
optic cable for example and so it's made
it very difficult in a lot of places
they're only two or three Internet
service providers now it really isn't
enough competitions and generates the
kind of competition necessary to lower
prices you really need to deregulate the
whole system I think that net neutrality
is is it's as always when there's a
government regulation that does
something bad there's another government
regulation that's supposed to correct it
and generally makes things worse I don't
think that neutrality fixes it ok we
have one minute and time for one more
question
it comes from Richard do you think that
America will be a full-blown socialist
country in the next 20 years and if not
20 maybe 30 I don't think it's gonna be
a full-blown socialist country I think
that every quote/unquote football and
socialist country like they were talking
Venezuela I don't think we're gonna be
Venezuela in 20 or 30 years so I think
that we could be more like Great Britain
and have serious financial difficulties
because we're paying for everybody's
health care I think that's very likely
and then I think in 60 years we'll be
moving back to our capitalism again
because you see that from Denmark and
Norway and a lot of the a lot of the
so-called you know northern European
states these supposed participant
socialist states that have been cutting
their governments radically because
they're now going bankrupt
so there is an ebb and flow to how much
we gotta make it's bad so it's a trend
yeah all right let's hope it doesn't
trend in the bed Irish in the hope not
yeah knock on wood how
no you're doing your part to try to
fight that exactly so everyone thank you
for tuning in to this very inaugural
first episode edition of the
conversation with the Daily wire spent
Schapiro be sure to tune in on October
17th where we will be talking to Andrew
Clavin thanks so much for watching and
for asking questions and if you want to
be able to ask questions next time be
sure to go to daily wear comm and become
a subscriber right now
