hey guess what remember the resistance
well suddenly Donald Trump is grinding
it into the dust
he's got Congress scrambling to do his
bidding and did you hear that speech the
UN this morning it was amazing he
smacked her ran around he smacked North
Korea around Islam socialism everything
made you forget what's his name that
other guy who came last time it made him
you've totally forget the last president
in a big hurry we'll play the greatest
hits from the UN speech we'll also talk
about we'll talk with Professor Edward
phasor he's here to discuss God and
philosophy terrific interview we've
taped earlier and plus we'll talk about
killer sex spots something you really
have to worry about but first everyone
is talking about president Trump's
addressed to the United Nations today
but the daily wire has acquired the
first draft of that speech let me read
it to you as written quote hello world
we all know why you're gathered here in
Manhattan it's so you'll be able to
double Park in front of some of the best
brothels in America without being towed
away because you've got those terrific
diplomatic plates it's a pretty good
deal but it means you have to sit here
and listen to me for the next 30 minutes
otherwise I'll shut this useless place
down and you'll all end up trolling for
make-believe virgins in Bangkok where
you obviously belong believe me I don't
want to be here any more than you do
once I told nikki Haley how hot she
looks
I was basically done talking to the only
worthwhile human being to step into this
joint
since dawg Hamish rolled pancake the
dc-6 but since I am here I'd like to say
a few words while you corrupt morons
daydream about whatever happy ending you
have planned for later this evening
first of all I want to address
what's-his-name the fat asian guy with
the funny hair stop shooting missiles
all over the place or I'm going to blow
you into the middle of next week okay
you've got a good situation for yourself
walking around in a Halloween army suit
while everyone pretends to like you
which is a laugh since they're all
starving but anyway it's a good deal
and you don't want to blow it and blow
it I mean we'd fire a warhead the size
of Brooklyn into your yellow backside I
know your hair is indestructible
but the rest of you can be turned into
radioactive dust so just knock it off
also all of you people from Muslim
countries you know who you are stop
killing people over your religion I know
you think it's great but really get out
your palaces and look around once in a
while you're living in like the
thirteenth century so maybe the Quran
isn't all it's cracked up to be
just saying also try letting your women
wear skirts once in a while
trust me you'll all be a lot happier and
finally everybody gets upset when I talk
about America first you think America
should pay for your defense so you can
spend your money on social programs and
feel morally superior to us
you think Ameria America should have
open borders so people can escape from
your crappy countries and come here and
act like entitled ingrates you think
America should be a shining city on a
hill so you can crap all over us and
then accuse us of violating our ideals
when we slap you back let me save this
an answer wrong president losers the
pansy is gone so get your minds right
that's it call my limousine unquote
needless to say by abandoning this first
draft Trump is missed an opportunity to
deliver the greatest speech in history
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
you know I wrote that opening before
Trump gave the speech but his speech was
almost exactly that opening I mean I
couldn't satirize it enough he actually
did it was absolutely terrific we'll
talk all about it so good
you might want to send the president
some flowers you know you want to be you
want to do stuff that's spontaneous and
unexpected I personally I like to come
up and back up my wife sometimes and
just go but she likes it funnily enough
she likes it better when I send her
flowers from proflowers.com which I do
frequently and they are always they
always come fresh they always are
long-lasting they're always beautiful
ProFlowers wants to help you surprise
someone for no reason at all while also
they want to surprise you
with a special deal that's just for my
listeners you can get 20% off any of
their unique summer rose bouquets or any
other bouquet of twenty nine dollars or
more they're colorful rainbow roses are
always a hit if you aren't sure what to
send someone Pro flowers bouquet
bouquets are guaranteed to stay fresh
for at least seven days or your money
back and you control the delivery date
it's really easy to do you get a
calendar and it comes with these kind of
sponge and it keeps them fresh comes
with food even even I can put the
flowers in the boss even I can they can
greet they greet my wife when she gets
home they're already in the vows that is
usually way but beyond my capabilities
but it works with pro flowers they give
you more bloom for your buck big
beautiful flowers with more stems for
your money to get 20% off summer roses
or any other bouquet of twenty nine
dollars or more go to proflowers.com and
use my code a.k.a checkout i'm glad you
asked it's aku more flowers calm and the
code is a que you get 20% off summer
roses or any other bouquet of twenty
nine dollars or more proflowers.com code
a que don't wait to make someone's day
trump transformed the skyline of
New York then he went off and did all
that licensing thing where he slapped
his name on a bunch of casinos and
things like that and that was not you
know that was not as exciting and then
he had a successful TV show for a
hundred and twenty years or however long
that show was on not an easy thing to do
also you know very popular big success
and then I keep hearing this thing like
he didn't win the election Hillary lost
the election absolute nonsense listen he
knocked off people who Charles
Krauthammer called the best array of
Republican candidates ever he knocked
them down like nine pins also yes it's
true was Hillary Clinton one of the
worst candidates ever yes she was but
you know he knew she was gonna be the
presidential candidate he knew who he
was coming up against and he chose his
time he took his shot and he won the
presidency you don't do that stuff if
you don't know you know if you don't at
least have an instinct a kind of native
intelligence for success which he
obviously does this thing he did with
dealing with Chuck and Nancy you know I
predicted he was going to do it but I
did not predict how completely it was
going to set wheels in motion
everywhere like I don't think Trump
could have predicted it exactly but
suddenly they're really looking at the
Obamacare repeal and replaced that's
moving forward the Lindsey Graham deal
is moving forward into committee he you
know they the Democrats he's got the
Democrats in this terrible position
because they're dealing with him over
the dreamers but now the dreamers are
angry because they feel like they
deserve you know they're just completely
entitled people Nancy Pelosi goes to a
meeting in San Francisco and the
dreamers show up she's trying to explain
to them that she's getting them this
deal where they'll get to stay in the
country by law and they stand up and
they shout her down they chase her off
the stage and you can hear him in case
you can't make it out what they're
shouting is we owe you nothing this is
our democracy these people who came here
illegally right it's like welcome to
America and Nancy Pelosi they're
shouting down a US Congresswoman take a
listen to this because you've had your
say and it's beautiful to our ears to
hear your protection yourself dignity
just stop it now just stop it now just
stop it now let's stop it now
we have
so do it - I assume do I assume it would
be so much fun to deport those people I
would let you know I usually think oh if
they carry these poor people out I would
be that's too harsh I would have just
come in like in that moment and just
said all right we're deporting everybody
goodbye goodbye
unbelievable entitlement unbelievable
spoiled nonsense
but think about it from a political
point of view Trump has now put Nancy
Pelosi in the position where from the
minority she's got to deal with him if
she wants to get anything and if she
gets anything and if she deals with him
the base goes nuts so he's got them kind
of in this you know whipsaw he's got
them stuck in this terrible place and
the Republicans are now thinking gee we
can't go home without having done
anything so they're talking about tax
reform they're talking about real stuff
they're talking about repealing
Obamacare now he goes to the UN and of
course all through the campaign he's
saying the UN stinks the UN does stink
the UN is a corrupt you know
organization has been taken over by its
worst actors but suddenly like all of a
sudden people are showing up and the
reason I say one of the reasons I say
the resistance is failing is because you
couldn't help but see Trump goes in and
Netanyahu is like Netanyahu looks like a
little Rosh Hashanah elf it's like the
Jewish New Year's coming up I think it's
tomorrow and Netanyahu looks like I mean
the happiest man alive he's like
suddenly he's got the support after
eight years of Obama stabbing him in the
back he's finally got the support
Emmanuel macron everybody made a big
deal about the fact that Trump said some
stupid thing about he saw there a steal
Day Parade which was one of these
military parades he thought we ought to
have a big military parade not a good
idea we don't want military
down Pennsylvania Avenue but what they
failed to put out there was micron
thanking him saying we were so proud to
have you come and all this stuff
suddenly this guy's a world leader
dealing with world leaders and all the
the attempts of the press to
delegitimize him and denormalize him and
not let him be
normal US president are failing they are
failing the press looks terrible CNN
puts out this thing now an exclusive
story they've got that Paul Manafort was
tapped his phones were tapped during the
election so all that stuff about Trump
was lying when he said his phones were
tapped I mean this to me was always a
silly story because the New York Times
and other news organizations were
leaking tapped information so Trump was
a course right that we're listening in
and the Obama administration had become
virtually lawless at that point
yesterday before we get to the speech
which is an amazing amazing speech but
before we get to the speech I just have
to show you nikki Haley yesterday when
he sat down at the General Assembly and
everybody shows off because they want to
see Donald Trump because he's a celeb
listen look at Nikki Haley look how
happy she looks
thank you and welcome to an event that
shows it truly is a new day at the
United Nations I thank you very much for
being here you should know that we had
to get a bigger room to accommodate
everyone here today and that's a good
problem and that is one of the greatest
signs of hope for the United Nations
that we've seen since I've been here
she's beaming I mean she's a beauty and
everybody is paying attention all right
we're gonna get to the speech first we
got to talk about our new sponsor
welcome to helix sleep this is an
excellent idea I don't know if you've
ever shopped for a mattress but it's not
a pleasant experience I mean a lot of
times these guys you know I don't want
to say anything negative about them but
sometimes you go in there looking for a
mattress and you leave but where's your
watch you know what plus they're really
expensive and they've got all these
gizmos and things by the time you're
finished you really it's like you're
gonna have to take out a mortgage buy a
mattress but helix sleep has a different
approach to the whole thing helix sleep
does a little survey with you they do it
online takes about two to three minutes
just like they call it a sleep quiz and
then they build a mattress custom-made
for you if you go to helix sleep comm
slash Clavin its que la vie a.m. just
because I knew Austin was about to ask
you go to helix sleep comm slash Clavin
take the simple test and they will build
a custom mattress that will be the best
thing you ever slept on four couples
will even personalize each side of the
mattress
the way they build it in the way you
know how soft it is and what it's made
out of everyone from GQ to Cosmopolitan
to the New York Times a former newspaper
are all talking about helix and once you
try it out you'll know why your custom
mattress arrives direct to your door in
a week and shipping is completely free
try it for a hundred nights you don't
love it they'll pick it up they'll
refund you in full it's a lot more
inexpensive than a lot of the wet
mattresses you'd go and buy and it's
custom-made for you go to helix sleep
comm slash Clavin right now and you'll
get $50 towards your custom mattress
that's helix sleep comm slash Clavin for
50 bucks off your order
helix sleep comm slash Clavin you know I
love these things because I don't sleep
but I do go to bed so I have to be
comfortable you know there so it really
does is really is something that that I
enjoy like really comfortable sleeping
arrangements because I'm gonna be awake
through the entire the entire thing all
right you gotta listen to some of this
speech Trump gets up and he just lays
into them like he was really charming
yesterday but today he gets up and he
starts out talking about he's taught
tells them that we are paying for the UN
and the UN has become a bureaucratic
corrupt institutions of cut number 10
too often the focus of this organization
has not been on results but on
bureaucracy and process in some cases
states that seek to subvert this
institutions noble aims have hijacked
the very systems that are supposed to
advance them for example it is a massive
source of embarrassment to the United
Nations that some governments with
egregious human rights records sit on
the UN Human Rights Council the United
States is one out of 193 countries in
the United Nations and yet we pay 22
percent of the entire budget and more in
fact we pay far more than anybody
realizes the United States bears
an unfair cost burden but to be fair if
it could actually accomplish all of its
stated goals especially the goal of
peace this investment would easily be
well worth it
I just want to compare that to Barack
Obama's final speech at the UN just so
you remember what we were dealing with
before okay here he here was Trump
telling the truth to the UN right to
their faces here was Obama on his final
address and we can only realize the
promise of this institutions founding to
replace the ravages of war with
cooperation if powerful nations like my
own accept constraints sometimes I'm
criticized in my own country for
professing a belief in international
norms and multilateral institutions but
I am convinced that in the long run
giving up some freedom of action not
giving up our ability to protect
ourselves or pursue our core interests
but binding ourselves to international
rules over the long term enhances our
security that was what Donald Trump
called the siren song of globalism I
believe ok now compare Donald Trump he
goes down the list of bad actors he said
he's talking about Venezuela listen to
him hit socialism and listen to him wait
for applause until finally like three
guys in the back applaud number one the
problem in Venezuela is not that
socialism has been poorly implemented
but that socialism has been faithfully
implemented
from the Soviet Union to Cuba to
Venezuela
wherever true socialism or communism has
been adopted it has delivered anguish
and devastation and failure those who
preach the tenants of these discredited
ideologies only contribute to the
continued suffering of the people who
live under these cruel systems America
stands with every person living under a
brutal regime are you and going wait we
don't like socialism I didn't know wait
who knew who knew who knew goes right
down the line my favorite has to be is
hit on North Korea listen to this the
United States has great strength and
patience but if it is forced to defend
itself or its allies we will have no
choice but to totally destroy North
Korea Rocketman is on a suicide mission
for himself and for his regime the
United States is ready willing and able
but hopefully this will not be necessary
that's what the United Nations is all
about that's what the United Nations is
for let's see how they do I mean I was
joking in the opening that's better
that's actually better than my joke I
mean missile rocket man is on a suicide
mission right down the line I gotta I
gotta play the rest of this Islam Saudi
Arabia's sitting there with this look on
their face he goes after Islam it's cut
thirteen we agreed that all responsible
nations must work together to confront
terrorists and the Islamic extremism
that inspires them we will stop radical
Islamic terrorism because we cannot
allow it to tear up our nation and
indeed to tear up the entire world we
must deny the terrorists safe-haven
transit funding and any form of support
for their vile and sinister ideology
I I mean is it me or is it just like
refreshing to just hear somebody say
what is right in front of everybody's
eyes you know I mean that's like you
know and finally I got to play this
because I want to get to the edward
fazer interview a terrific interview
with a philosophy guy he's talking about
God and philosophy a philosophy
professor talking about God and
philosophy but I have to end with this
Iran thing because the head of around
the Iran Iranian guys were sitting there
just staring and Obama must be curled up
somewhere he just humiliated him as he
goes after the Iran deal that was one of
Obama's key efforts we cannot let a
murderous regime continue these
destabilizing activities while building
dangerous missiles and we cannot abide
by an agreement if it provides cover for
the eventual construction of a nuclear
program
the Iran deal was one of the worst and
most one-sided transactions the United
States has ever entered into frankly
that deal is an embarrassment to the
United States and I don't think you've
heard the last of it believe me I mean
sorry when he's like this it's
impossible not to love him you know he's
slapping around these people who need me
slap look I think he's got Congress in
motion
he's got the Democrats running around
with like chickens with their heads cut
off
he has just told the UN everything it
needed to know I think we have to have a
Trump Happiness montage I'm sorry but
it's just that time please we're gonna
win so much we're gonna win at every
level we're gonna win economically we're
gonna win with the economy we're gonna
win with military we're gonna win with
house carrots for our veterans we're
gonna win with every single sausage
wonderful we're gonna win so much you
may even get tired of winning yeah
you'll say please please it's too much
winning we can't take it anymore
I feel pretty oh so pretty I feel pretty
and witty and yeah we have to keep
winning
I love it all right listen we're gonna
play this interview I taped earlier with
Professor Edward phasor really
fascinating so don't don't go away we're
gonna stay on on Facebook and YouTube so
you can enjoy the interview but you want
to subscribe and then you can watch the
entire thing allows you ten bucks a
month you can watch the entire show on
The Daily wire site and you can later on
you can turn into the conversation which
is going to be at 5 p.m. Eastern 2 p.m.
Pacific this month it is Ben Shapiro he
will be live anybody can watch it but if
you subscribe you can ask questions
while he's there you subscribe for a
year it's only a lousy hundred bucks and
you get the leftist tears tumblr which
fills up every time Ben speaks this is
amazing it's just an amazing thing it
fills up with leftist tears every time
Shapiro talks alright let's hear this
interview with Professor Edward Faisal
recently I made a tremendous discovery
in the works of dr. dr. Edward fazer I
was just looking to refresh my memory
about Thomas Aquinas and I got a
beginner's guide that's what it was
called a beginner's guide to Thomas
Aquinas I was a couple of pages in when
I suddenly thought wow this guy is
really good he is not just a guy give me
a beginner's guide this is a really
intense intelligent philosophy and I
picked up his book the last superstition
which is a refutation of the New Atheism
the guys like Christopher Hitchens and
Richard Dawkins and all this wonderful
wonderful book that speaks so much into
the trouble in our times and what has
gone wrong with the thinking in our
times dr. Edward phasor has a new book
called 5 proofs of the existence of God
I have forced his work on Shapiro who
actually likes it as well and I'm really
thrilled to have you in the studio it's
great to meet you it's great to be here
thank you for having me it really was
one of those things when I was halfway
through the last superstition I thought
oh you know this is what this is what
I've been trying to see you what I've
been trying to say but I
have the kind of background and
philosophy that you have I didn't have
that vast knowledge and I didn't put it
together you did that thing that writers
do where you express the thing that I
was in my head I couldn't say it was
it's really wonderful so let's see if I
can get you to communicate some of this
time to my audience my or they're
lowlifes and you know blue eyes slapper
named Roger but well I can call that
okay you should be you should be right
at my program one of the things I talk
about a lot is the fact that we we now
not only live in a society that doesn't
value truth we live in a society that
basically tells you you're virtuous if
you lie if you say that a man and a
dress as a woman then you are a good
person if you say you know what he's
just a guy in a dress then you're a bad
guy in your book in the last
superstition you trace the failure of
philosophy if trace of philosophy gone
wrong and it basically has to do with
what you call and what is called the
teleology can you explain what that is
yeah let me give it give it a shot so
one of the big themes of the book as you
know is the idea that in modern times
and by modern times I mean the last 300
350 years or so a picture of the nature
of the natural world of our universe has
come to dominate Western thought which
the architects of that view called the
mechanical world picture the mechanical
philosophy the idea that the world is a
vast machine a vast mechanism right so
that just like you can explain the the
operation of a watch the movement of the
hands and so forth and the gears in
terms of the the turning of smaller
gears and ultimately a mainspring and so
forth and you also don't have to make
reference to purpose or meaning or value
or anything like that the idea is that
the physical world is a mechanism of
that sort ultimately so that any mark of
purpose any mark of intelligence
anything that smacks of design or order
what-have-you is ultimately a kind of
illusion and what lays beneath the
illusion is simply a clockwork world of
meaningless particles in motion and so
forth so the idea of objective value the
idea of objective purpose that things in
the natural order that that biological
functions you know
that human organs and so forth have any
sort of objective purpose that they aim
to that could that could that could
entail the difference an objective
difference between good and bad better
and worse right and wrong that
disappeared with this idea that the
world is really just a meaningless
machine meaningless particles in motion
and and so with the dominance of that
model the idea that value and purpose
are simply a projection of the mind
they're not really out there we don't
discover them we invent them we make
them up has been a byproduct of that so
how did that happen I mean so it seems
obvious to me that you know waters for
drinking that hands are for molding yeah
the heart pumps blood how could they
have come to that conclusion with what
happened well what happened in a
nutshell is essentially that the the
originators or at least many of the
originators of this picture people like
Descartes and Newton and so forth they
themselves wouldn't deny that things
have purposes that there is real meaning
and purpose or as you put a teleology in
nature goal-directed news but what they
wanted to say is that for scientific
purposes is they decided they were going
to redefine science we're gonna ignore
that we're gonna focus only on those
aspects of the natural world which we
can study in which we can define apart
from reference to purposes and goals and
ends and so forth and meaning and the
reason so we're in particular they were
gonna focus on what you could put in the
language of mathematics so mathematics
became the language in which the book of
nature was said to be written as Galileo
famously put it so that if you couldn't
put something in the language of
mathematics then at least for scientific
purposes we're not interested in it let
the philosophers deal with that but they
but the earliest writers who took this
view again people like Newton and
Descartes they didn't deny that there
was something there that could be that
could only be captured in non
mathematical language they just decided
for scientific purposes we're gonna
ignore that because they wanted to
reorient science to be a tool by which
we could develop new technologies and
master nature and so on and so forth and
for that narrow purpose appeals to
purposes and meanings weren't necessary
all you needed to do was to predict and
control nature and focus on those
aspects which could be mathematically
quantified as the key to predicting
Petrolia so that makes
since a guy who's standing at the plate
try and hit a baseball he's out thinking
about how to make his wife happy it was
just right way to do some exacerbate
yeah but ultimately it basically turn
killed the whole idea of reason meaning
and of God to yes because what happened
is the the method turn out to be
tremendously successful needless to say
when you're when you're focused intently
only on those purposes only those
aspects of nature that you can precisely
predict and control that you can put in
the language of mathematics naturally
you're gonna find those you're much more
likely to find them if you make sure
that's all you're gonna look for so
modern science has been tremendously
successful in finding those aspects of
nature that can be precisely predicted
and controlled we've developed
tremendous technologies like the ones
we're making use of right now on the
basis of that and so science has given
us tremendous practical advantages so
far so good no problem but what hat with
the problem comes in when people start
drawing the inference as in over the
centuries people increasingly have that
since science is so successful from a
practical point of view and a
technological point of view then
anything that's not science that doesn't
have that sort of practical
technological application must be
intellectually second-rate it must not
be really capturing anything there is to
to reality but that's just that that's
just a fallacy as I like to put it if
it's like a it's like someone who uses a
metal detector right to find metal and
let's say he develops a metal detector
that's so powerful he can find any bit
of metal in any Beach anywhere right
it's like including from the fact that
metal detectors are so that his metal
detector is so successful in finding
metals that there's nothing else to be
found right that would doesn't exist
stone doesn't exist and that somehow if
you if you if you criticized him and
said well that's a silly argument you
know he'd say well so you're denying
right that my metal detector finds
metals and you want to find your keys to
you make use of my metal detector when
when it suits your purposes but suddenly
you know in other cases you want to
start oh my wooden and and stone in
these fairy tales right well it's the
same kind of argument that happens
people say that if it's not analyzable
in scientific terms in a language of
mathematical physics it must not be real
that's like saying again that if it
can't be discovered by a metal detector
it must not be real because after after
all metal detectors work so well
that's their tools so science is a tool
so basically this is a almost an
accidental wrong turn in the history of
thought I mean it is yeah it is a useful
device that became the entire highway of
thought that people exactly yeah so
people understand why this is important
the idea of teleology the idea that
things have a purpose that we have a
purpose that we have a goal it's very
strongly connected to natural wall and
on rylander's we're writing about nature
and nature's God this is what they were
talking about teleology yeah yeah yeah
and this is an idea that goes back I
mean what it is it's a kind of
intellectualization or a philosophical
articulation of something everybody
knows in common sense life and that is
that the difference between good and bad
and right and wrong and so forth
ultimately is a reflection of whether
we're acting in a way that's in
conformity to the purposes from you know
for which we exist by nature the purpose
of our natural faculties and so forth so
every knows for example that eyeballs
are made for seeing and that if you
behave in a way that frustrates that
that goal or purpose of the eyes now
that's bad for you because part of
what's good for you is defined by what's
good for your eyes what's good for your
teeth what's good for your body when it
comes to the body when it comes to just
you know straightforward medical
questions everybody acknowledges is that
we have to pay attention to we have to
show respect for the natural functions
the natural purposes that are inherent
in human nature the bodily side of human
nature but when it comes to other moral
issues people start to forget this and
they start to talk as if purposes and
ends and goals somehow built in the
nature that that's kind of a an illusion
that it's that it's not really there so
this I mean this this kind of thinking
led you to become a Catholic didn't it
yeah it well yeah I mean that's a long
story but the short version of it
because I was an atheist for about 10
years
during the 90s 90s were weird decades a
lot of it so during the 90s but what
happened is when I was in grad school
and not really as a result of anything
that I was doing in the classroom or
when I was working on my dissertation
but rather extracurricular activity
essentially preparing for lectures
because in my introduction to philosophy
classes and of course I was teaching on
philosophy religion I
teach Aquinas and it got boring because
at the time I was a skeptic I was an
atheist it got boring just talking about
how dumb the arguments were I mean I try
to be polite and non polemical in the
classroom but it got boring just lining
Aquinas those arguments up and shooting
them down and pointing out how silly
they were and I thought well this
doesn't really convey to students why
anybody would take any of this stuff
seriously and by all accounts Aquinas
was a smart guy so if if I can see or an
eight-year-old could see flaws in the
arguments or at least what many people
think are flaws in his arguments that
doesn't give students an understanding
of why anybody would would consider this
guy a great thinker so I thought what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna revisit
Aquinas I'm gonna try to sell him right
to the students even though I didn't
believe his views I wanted him I wanted
to kind of give him a run for his money
in the classroom and try to make it the
students understand why anybody would
take Aristotle or Aquinas or any of
those thinkers seriously and so I got
back into the study of Aristotle and
Aquinas got back into the literature and
I started to see that a lot of the stock
objections to their view of the world
whether it's their arguments for God's
existence or ethics or whatever we're
directed at caricatures they were based
on crude misunderstandings so I went
from thinking well you know actually
these arguments are a little better than
I'd given them credit for you can kind
of present an interesting lecture on
them over time that became well actually
these arguments are pretty interesting
you know they're pretty challenging then
and then that eventually transformed
into the conclusion that we know these
arguments are actually they're really
powerful they're really strong arguments
and eventually it just hit me they were
right all along
Wow and I was wrong that's now that's
the there's the Lord of the sort but
that's kind of a short version of it
that I was I was converted in the course
of trying to get other people to see why
anybody would have taken his stuff
seriously I ended up converting myself
it is really fascinating and the church
that does represent I mean it represents
a protector and a vessel of natural law
theology yeah and it goes back it has
included through Aquinas included
Aristotle rice brought him into the
right frightening when you pick up
whatever nowadays passes for a newspaper
and you're reading the news of the day
or you're watching the news of the
what are the things that leap out at you
as part of this problem part of this
mistake where we turned away from
teleology to this mechanistic view point
where other things that you see where
you go on that's that's what I'm trying
to talk about that is the thing well
sure I mean I think probably the most
you know the most obvious example would
be the the controversy that's arisen in
really an amazingly speedy fashion of
the last two or three years over
transgenderism and this visceral
hostility the very idea that there's any
such thing as an inherent natural
difference between men and women say
right to the point where it's not even
considered a legitimate subject of
debate it's not that well look we've got
some great challenging ideas you know
hold on folks is gonna sound strange but
I think this is correct we understand it
gonna be resistant but hear us out no
it's you must go along with this or
you're a bigot you're stupid you were
uninformed you're not scientific or
what-have-you and debate is shut down
it's it's silenced and that would
probably be the most extreme example of
the way in which the very idea that
there's that there's nothing there's no
such thing as nature there's no such
thing as human nature that we're
answerable to or that defines what's
good or bad for us
way in which it's manifest what's
interesting though is how inconsistent
people are in this I mean they never
really take it to its logical conclusion
because if you're really gonna deny that
there's any such thing as an objective
difference between good and bad or let's
say there's there's an objective end or
goal or purpose that are different
natural powers and are different natural
faculties are directed you're gonna find
I would argue and I do argue this in the
last superstition that that really takes
down everything that takes down all
morality including moral principles that
everybody is still committed to right
and I think the reason people don't see
that is they know that most people for
example are against murder right and so
they think well we all know murders
wrong that's not a matter of controversy
so that there's a clear difference
between that and some of the principles
of traditional sexual morality say that
they don't like but what they don't
realize is all that means is that yes
people agree that murder is wrong the
question though is can they rationally
justify that and if you undermine the
whole idea of natural law and the whole
idea that there's
sort of a natural end or goal that were
built for then I think you're gonna find
it be consistent you take down the
rational justification for morality in
general where there's dude murder
stealing or what have you
and there's the illusion that you don't
take those things down is there only
because most people don't want to take
us at far it's habitual exactly right
now I mean that's where the one of the
things that stopped me from being an
atheist would end in my atheist period
was reading the Marquis de Sade and you
know what if there is no God he's right
I mean he's obviously not right and that
was right and that he basically was
getting that same argument here is let
me put forward something that has always
bothered me about the natural law
arguments and and I believe that there
is coming in the person of people like
yourself an intellectual religious
revival I do not believe the arguments
for atheism can stand and I believe that
people like you who are deeply read and
philosophy and deeply read in the
literature are going to start to say you
know what just what you say this this
makes this makes more sense whenever I
hear people talk about natural law it
always seems to me that they use it
instantly to justify what the kids call
norm caulk or you know vanilla morality
and and it does seem to me that the
world is full of a number of things and
you know I'm an artist I've lived all my
life among gay people and eccentrics and
crazy people and and and and have loved
them all you know they've been a
wonderful part of my life it it only
seems to me that the idea of things
having a purpose can be limiting beyond
what is intended to in ways we're not
intended to be limited so just to give
you an example my computer has a purpose
but if I walk outside and somebody tries
to mug me and I hit him with the
computer right the the computers purpose
is taken over by my presence right
defend right so if a person finds in his
life that he is the sort of person who
falls in love with people of the same
sex now we may say to him look a life
lived in bathhouses and screwing people
you've never met before is a bad life
and we can show you why
but can he not be allowed to subsume the
purpose of his generative organs in
expressing love for the person he loves
I mean it just seems to me it seems to
me that what would be true of me and my
wife now that we can no longer have
children but we can still express love
in that way would then be true for this
gay couple as well yeah okay so let me
let me address that there there are a
number of sub questions in your larger
question so I want to say a little bit
about all of them the first is that
you're certainly correct when people
hear natural law they automatically
think sex so they think if you're
defending natural law you must be
obsessed with sexual questions and
that's not the case I mean if you know
even if you just look at a so you look
at a a textbook on ethics written in the
natural law tradition from the 1950s of
the 1940s right
they'll be material in there on sexual
morality but it might be one chapter out
of twenty literally right so it's never
been the main focus I think the reason
people think of it as the main focus
it's because it's a part of natural law
traditional natural law theory they
don't like so they jump on that and
think that well you guys are obsessed
with this when the natural law theorists
would say well no that's just the
subjects just one issue we're interested
in but we're not that we have something
to say about but it's not our main focus
and it's you know it's one of twenty
different issues okay so part of what I
want to say then is that the
characterization is unfair that that
you're right it is the standard
characterization but I think that it's
the case where people are projecting
their own interests onto the natural law
theory so they're folks in that part of
traditional theory they don't like and
they magnify that into the whole okay
second point is that you raised the
issue of the way in which natural
purposes might limit what we might do
and this and you gave the computer
example you might use the computer to
the confront attack or use it as a
weapon
right now they're number of issues that
that are concerned with that particular
question there's a difference between
you know something like the way you
might use an artifact the way you might
use one of your own organs say but
putting that aside for the moment the
the natural law position on these sorts
of issues it's not that it's
intrinsically wrong to use an artificial
device say for example glasses are
artificial in the sense that where
they're man-made
but they don't frustrate the natural end
of the eyeballs in fact they either
restore the natural function or they
enhance it right so no problem there
what's a problem is only when we do
something that's that's positively
contrary or it positively frustrates the
natural end of some human faculty and
merely enhancing our faculties or using
them for some purpose other than what
they were naturally made for there's no
violation of natural law in that there's
it so we have to distinguish between
acting way that's contrary to our
positively frustrates and natural and on
the one hand and merely using a faculty
a natural faculty or capacity for
something other than its natural end so
that that's a second point the third
point is you you raise this issue that's
it's commonly raised between there's
this issue about the analogy between an
infertile couple or a couple who's you
know they're far along enough in years
where they're you know the wife's not
gonna get pregnant anymore or what have
you and how is that different from a gay
couple say the difference the
traditional natural law theorist argues
is it's best understood by analogy with
an eyeball savored that stopped
functioning so even a blind person if
his eyes have stopped functioning the
eyes still have is their natural
function or purpose seeing it's not that
someone whose eyeballs can no longer
work that they've got a different
natural and/or purpose than someone
whose eyeballs still work they still
have the same natural purpose the same
natural ender they're aiming toward the
same outcome but they're just no longer
capable of reaching and say so the
sexual faculties according to natural
law theory are like that they have a
certain natural end or outcome that
they're aiming for even if in some
individuals it's it's not possible for
them to reach that anymore nevertheless
it's still what they're aiming for and
what they're aiming for in say the
normal case in a standard case is what
defines the good or bad use of a natural
end or or a natural function and that
includes you know the functions just the
raw biological level and also the
psychological level
our tendency stay to to want a bond with
another human being in a romantic way
and so forth the argument is that that
itself exists for the sake of uniting a
couple in a way that in the ordinary
course of things results in children and
so they need to be United
for that you know life Tom time bond for
the sake of the stability of the family
good of the children and so on and so
forth so that even though some
individuals may not you know they may
have psychological tendencies that go in
some other direction that would be
analogous to say the way an individual
person's eyeballs might not be
functioning properly say okay well I
wish I could talk to you about this for
another twenty minutes but I can I wait
I'm gonna hear about your new book the
five years of the existence of God
I know it's Aquinas room the five proofs
but this goes beyond that yes now the
book so the book is called five proofs
of the existence of God it's not
actually on Aquinas those five ways okay
though there's some overlap I mean a
couple of the arguments I treat are
arguments that Aquinas gives as a matter
of fact the original plan for the book
was to call it for proofs because I was
I didn't want people to I didn't want to
make it five and I think people people I
don't people to think now phasors giving
his five ways right that's a sounded a
little too pretentious so but the
problem is as I was writing it I thought
no there's this fifth argument and I
think it's really important and I want
to bring into the book so okay I'm just
gonna go with five proof so so there's
overlap with Aquinas but it's not
actually on Aquinas and and the
arguments are arguments that are there
in the tradition they're not original
with me none of them is original with me
but the presentation is mine and the
depth and detail in which I present and
try to defend the arguments I don't
think you'll find elsewhere and so there
are arguments that go back to in some
version or other to Aristotle to Platina
so who is a Neoplatonic philosopher
follower of Plato to st. Augustine to
Thomas Aquinas and to Leibniz modern
early modern German philosopher Leibniz
wow this sounds great dr. Edward fazer
if you are interested in these questions
at all and I hope you are you want to
read the last superstition five proofs
of the existence of God terrific books
really deep will change the way you read
the newspaper if you read the newspaper
will change the way you look at the news
and look at the questions that are out
there in front of us thank you very much
for coming up thank you I should come
back and talk again thank you stuff I'm
really glad we yeah I got so involved in
that I kind of lost track of time but I
was really glad we did blue apron is the
number one fresh ingredient and recipe
delivery service in the country and you
may think so well I'll tell you why the
thing that tell you why you care the
thing is I have I have sent away for
this they deliver right to your door
they deliver all the ingredients you
need to make a restaurant level meal or
in my case to watch my wife make a
restaurant level meal and it really is
you cook it give you very simple
instructions everything is already
measured out and and prepared for you
and you put it all together it takes I
don't know maybe 3045 minutes maybe 10
bucks a pop and you get a home-cooked
meal it's a kind of meal you would get
in a restaurant so it's summer vegetable
and egg paninis with Calabrian chili
mayonnaise and caprese salad I know you
usually make that at home but this is
something he makes it a little easier
for you soy glaze Park pork and rice
cakes with bok choy and marinated green
beans skillet vegetable chili with
cornmeal and cheddar drop biscuits
garlic butter shrimp and corn with green
bean salad and roasted purple tomatoes
it really is it's fun you know it's fun
you sit around it was fun for me I think
it was fun for my wife you know she's
fun for her to have me sitting there
drinking wine and saying hey this looks
great
was extremely good affordable you get
all this variety that menus change all
the time it's flexible you can customize
your recipes each week based on your
preferences blue apron has several
delivery options so you can choose what
fits your need and there's no weekly
commitment so you only get the
deliveries when you want them and it's
easy each meal comes with a step-by-step
easy-to-follow recipe card and
pre-portioned ingredients it can be
prepared in 40 minutes or less it's a
guaranteed flu aprons freshness
guarantee promises that every ingredient
in your delivery arrives ready to cook
or they'll make it right check out this
week's menu and get your first three
meals free with free shipping by going
to blue apron com
slash Andrew I always love we have these
commercials I'm trying to talk you into
trying something and then we give it to
you for free like what do you need is
free food you will know you'll love how
good it feels and taste to create
incredible home-cooked meals with blue
apron so don't wait that's blue apron
calm / Andrew blue apron calm / Andrew
for three free meals it's a better way
to cook home-cooked meals that are
restaurant level meals it's not a bad
thing all right
we finish up with sexual follies
I love that that's right bite by some
estimates the sex tech industry is
already worth thirty billion dollars and
growing and the lead thing they are
inventing they are inventing these sex
robots and they're getting better and
better at making looking more and more
real there are actually I have read this
there are actually brothels that now
instead of prostitutes offer you a robot
which yeah I guess I'd like my feeling
about that is you're gonna degrade
yourself to degrade another living human
being so here is why Crist he is the
senior associate editor at what's it
called see net scene at a tech site and
he interviewed he had a conversation
with a sex robot and this is just one
make sure we get the right one is number
nine my name is Wray okay I will call
you now how are you doing today
very well ray I'm curious do you like
using sex toys sure why not because I'm
nothing to me that's not that big an
improvement actually but now you may
think the worst thing that can happen is
you degrade yourself having sex with a
machine and you've just become this
lonely old person you know a person
who's completely isolated in life you
can't even have the most intimate
relationship in your life with an actual
living human being that's not the
problem with sex robots this is from the
New York Post with sex robots becoming
increasingly popular and sophisticated
cybersecurity lecturer dr. NIC Patterson
revealed that the lifelike dolls could
end up going Terminator on us in the
case of sex robots the danger isn't that
the love dolls will end up developing
minds of their own Westworld style
instead the risk is that hackers could
breach the realistic robot's inner
defenses and catch their owners with
their pants down
Patterson told star online that hacking
into many modern-day robots including
sex BOTS
would be a piece of cake compared to
more sophisticated gadgets like cell
phones and computers the tech expert
from Australia's Deakin University said
hackers can hack into a robot or a
robotic device and have full control of
the connections arms legs and other
attach tools like knives or welding
devices once a robot is hacked the
hacker has full control and can issue
instructions to the robot so it's not
that just you're degrading yours and
dehumanizing yourself it'll kill you
kill you all right that sexual Follette
Follies that is our show today stay
tuned
Michael Knowles is on next and then the
conversation with Ben Shapiro answering
your questions live if you subscribe
we'll be there I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin show we'll see you
again tomorrow
