right we we well agree that violins
should be out of bounds and if you're on
the left and you don't agree with that
let me suggest you that you don't belong
living in a civilized society because
civilized society is based on the
premise that the government has a
monopoly on the legitimate use of force
as Max Weber put it and the idea that
you're supposed to violate that if you
don't like what I'm saying makes you an
uncivilized barbarian okay but it's not
just that I want to talk about okay I
want to talk about an ideology that goes
a little bit deeper than that ante if I
couldn't go anywhere without an ideology
that runs broader than an Tifa without a
group of people willing to look the
other way well what is the view that
undergirds Antipa what's the what's the
view that undergirds the hard left many
of whom celebrate an C for we're doing
so until it became politically
unpalatable to do so it's a view that
America is a terrible horrible no good
very bad place right now the truth is
that America is an incredible place it's
the greatest place in the history of the
world it is the freest most prosperous
country most tolerant country in the
history of planet Earth this country is
an incredible place full of opportunity
nobody by and large cares enough about
you to stop you from achieving your
dreams that includes you people who are
shouting out there in the audience okay
no one cares about you get over
yourselves I don't care about you no one
cares about you no one's trying to stop
you because you're irrelevant to me I
have a wife and two children I care
about them I don't care about you you
don't mean anything to me well except
for that guy who said he loves me I love
that guy too but everybody else okay
that means in a free country if you fail
it is probably your own fault if it is
somebody else's fault if somebody is
actually trying to throw up obstacles in
front of you in a way that is unjust and
bigoted point out the specific instance
so we can all side with you we all want
to be on the same side we all want to
help out when somebody is a racist and
trying to stop you we all want to sound
off and stop that too the idea however
that America as a whole owns your
failure when you can't point to specific
problems does not wash it is used
shifting the buck it's a waste of time
and energy blaming your failures on the
system unless you've got some evidence
