so my question was about abortion and I
just wanted to know why exactly do you
think a first trimester fetus has moral
value okay so a first trimester fetus
has moral value because whether you
consider it a potential human life or or
a full-on human life it has more value
than just a cluster of cells if left to
its natural processes it will grow into
a baby so the real question is where do
you draw the line so you can draw the
line at the heartbeat because it's very
hard to draw the line at the heartbeat
there are people who are adults who are
alive because of a pacemaker and they
need some sort of outside force
generating their heartbeat okay you're
gonna do it based on brain function okay
well what about people who are in a coma
should we just kill them all right the
problem is anytime you draw any line
other than the inception of the child
you end up drawing a false line that can
also be applied to people who are adults
so either human life has intrinsic value
or it doesn't I think we both agree that
adults human light has intrinsic value
can we start from that premise
I believe that sentience has is what
give something moral value not
necessarily not necessarily being a
human alone okay when your so when
you're asleep can I stab you I'm still
considered sentient when I'm asleep okay
if you are in a coma from which you may
awake can I stab you well then no
because I have no interest in action
ever so that's still potential sentence
and it's still a potential sentience you
know this potential sentience being a
penis
the issue I have with that though is
that in me if I'm in a coma and I'm not
like doing anything to anyone
I'm not causing any issues amongst the
world whereas an unwanted child may or
may not be a burden to people there are
lots of people's parents who are
unwanted right we're a bunch of college
students you know the problem is that
now sooner shifting the argument right
before you are making the argument based
on the intrinsic value of a life based
on sentience and now you're talking
about the level of burden that somebody
presents as a separate moral arguments
okay I don't believe that you being a
burden on somebody is justification for
them killing you as a general rule I'll
leave it at that but I appreciate you
and thank you thanks
