today we have an especially cough fa
show we discussed the difference between
Pussycat Dolls and Pussycat Dolls with
the only two famous musicians in
Hollywood who support president Trump
Magus on writer joy Villa and former
Pussycat Doll kaya Jones then Antonia
Okafor joins the panel of deplorable z--
to cover Harvard University's awarding a
fellowship to transgender trader Chelsea
Manning potential Dhaka deals between
the White House Chuck Schumer and Nancy
Pelosi oh my and the mailbag but stick
around to the end because we're going
full Cafe in the last segment I'm
Michael Knowles this is the Michael Hall
show
so Ben is on his way to Berkeley where I
think like right now he just left all
hell is breaking loose the National
Guard is being called in supplies are
being helicopter down into this war zone
in Northern California we wish Ben good
luck I hope he makes it back
stay safe up there and I hope you get to
give your speech today moving on I don't
want to talk about any news today
because I am so excited we are joined
today by joy Villa and kaya Jones joy
you everyone will know joy because
famously you wore a make America great
again dress to the Grammy Awards last
year that was the best thing ever I love
you so gutsy unbelievable and kaya Jones
you came out also as a trump supporter
former Pussycat Doll you left the
Pussycat Dolls we want to talk about
that later
and you're also totally out with your
Magga right wing spirit in Hollywood so
now that you're out you'll never have
careers again that isn't true because
after you wore the dress your album shot
up to number one number one in all the
charts billboard amazon itunes google
play wherever fine music was sold my
album was number one on it and my newest
song make America great again is number
one on Amazon right now you're a your
song make America great again I don't
know how I made it this long we do we
have a clip of that can we play it
watch out I love it
yeah the future depends on us so we
gotta wake up shake it up now
it's just
yes I want you at every concert I do
it's my constitution lighter with the
American flag I love that song so much
it's so fun and I wrote it as a song of
unity you know from the heart I said you
can be the hope of every hungry child
you know where have we gone astray and
it's a message of okay we might we might
be in dark times right now politically
speaking we're so divided in America but
we can move towards hope in unity and
obviously we know that here on the right
side absolutely we are we're winning
everywhere I mean we're killing it on
the Internet obviously the the Trump
fans basically shot your album to number
Wow the silent majority they call him
and you kya you were signed at age 13 I
think by our Kelly and then you're
signed at 16 by Capitol Records then you
join the Pussycat Dolls this is a huge
you are as mainstream as big as it gets
from a very early age but you're a
conservative yeah did that have anything
to do with why you left the Pussycat
Dolls just a lot of the things that went
on behind the scenes it wasn't that we
were you know a sexual like young girls
you know kiss we would wear like little
skirt you mean you know provocative but
I mean we're 17 18 19 20 you already
mean so it was that time or you want to
be like cute yeah not not to say like I
would do that now but you know the time
I was like fine to like you know own my
sexuality thing but problem really for
me was the dichotomy of what was going
on behind the scenes that people did not
see what was going on behind the scenes
everything could be pushed on us that
you can fathom so from girls having to
vomit their food to girls being on pills
to sexual advances to abortions you name
it
really me I just could not continue this
narrative of caution this is a lie for
young girls that look at that abuse it's
their truth because they'll want to beat
you and I wanted to be the spice girl so
I'm like yeah you know going like I want
to do that I want to be that but then
you have to have a reckoning where what
am i doing
what am i doing what am i putting out
to a young child looking at that going I
want to be that who is pushing this is
this are we talking about producers the
industry a den mother from hell really
really supposed to be about girl
empowerment right now was there supposed
to be a new girl power main group yeah
we were not empowered we were a bunch of
fingers trying to do stuff we weren't a
fist great way to put it yeah it's true
uh they divided us a very very well so
we were never a unit and was that that
was the strategy keep you a little
separate keep you divided I think yeah I
think so do you think there were other
conservatives in the group do you think
the head yeah one of you know my best
friend was Nicole she yeah she changed
Wow name changes people you know it's
like you stand in the ocean and the
waves come in and so you're never in the
exact same spot man moves sometimes it's
only like a couple inches yeah I was
like you're out there and you won't even
notice you won't even notice and I
didn't recognize who she became honestly
I was embarrassed for her I'm when I
left I remember whispering that into her
you're better than this was there a
moment for you that came you're looking
around and you think this isn't what I
signed up for the things have changed
around me what is what's that moment
that moment was divas live MGM Grand
Garden Arena we were performing and
Patti LaBelle's wailing onstage and
we're coming underneath the stage and
I'm being told you know I mean a little
itty bitty outfit and I was like
literally 30 pounds 40 pounds thinner
than I am now and forcibly yeah because
I barely ate you know I didn't want to
bomb at my food and I didn't want to
take drugs how selfish I barely ate but
we but you know thank God for Kim
Kardashian and women that actually have
a body section say okay like you know
it's okay but yeah I I was being told
how fat I was under the stage and um I
look like a pizza sonam on to my you
know my ass and that's what they told
you that's a Robin told me yeah before I
went on to stage cuz she was no longer
wanted they didn't want her on stage
anymore
mm-hmm so her control was to insult us
um and so we're coming through the aisle
myself and melody and the other girls
are coming up on a riser yeah and I get
to the front of the aisle and there's
these two little girls in the front row
and one had to been maybe four or five
and the sister had to been like maybe
eight or nine Wow oh yeah really young
and the youngest one goes huh she was
just so excited and I just I was like I
can't do this said yeah you know you
don't know the half of a kid on this
awesome arena right but you want to be
your dream you want to is whether you
want your life your whole life it is
your dream there's 25,000 people in
house you're going live to 23 million
households it doesn't get bigger you
guys yes Sally they were the number one
seller that moment that moment forgot a
moment and you guys were making millions
of dollars we did not airbags no you
made $500 now what happened and I
thought in Hollywood we're preening
we're left-wingers we need to share the
wealth and spread it around not so in
the actual into so I mean honestly I
think if the Better Business Bureau
heard about it it's actually illegal
sure you know in the industry quite
honestly I've always been independent so
my story but knowing there's there's no
there's so many young people and sets
and this is what angers me because I
grew up modeling so I was 12 13 I got my
so there's nobody there thank God I had
a mom and dad who protected me and would
come to me in with chaperone I have an
older brother even but there's nobody
there making sure that these children
are on set are getting fed are getting
water are not getting molested honestly
it's like they treat you like you're an
adult from the get-go so you're working
your five years old clothes on you know
your a body that's all you are and
honestly if it wasn't for my belief in
God and my strong family values I would
have gone down in dark paths because
it's so easy and it's
so you've always you believed in God you
always a conservative I was always a
conservative my story's funny because I
grew up hardcore conservative Republican
Christian and my dad's a minister my dad
passed away but he was a reverend and
minister a Christian minister my mom was
a gospel singer so our family was
already solid foundation yeah exactly
and you know my mom is black and Choctaw
Native American and my dad is Italian I
could tell it's why we get along so well
you guys been talking okay loud super
noisy and super fun but you know being a
conservative in Hollywood I always knew
I wanted to be an actress a singer a
dancer a model fashion mogul I want to
be Oprah I want to have the whole thing
I'm still trying to be Oprah how I'm
doing my best
we're all trying to be so for me I knew
I was gonna be in this industry but from
the beginning my first email address was
actress for Jesus a yahoo.com Wow and I
got hate calls constantly don't you know
that you can't have a Christian faith in
this industry people just call me these
are integers my number and everything
would be on my resume these are industry
people they would email me hate messages
sounds like 13 14 years old I was like
alright okay this is how it is I don't
really care I laughed at it but it
starts to wear you down and by the time
I got to be 17 18 19 20 you want to be
with the cool kids now you're really
trying to make it you're trying to make
something happen I lost a lot of my
conservative values and I didn't
necessarily backtrack on my personal
values I just didn't talk about any more
publicly you've got you know I remember
this my email I changed the way I'd
spoke you guys have your liberal views
I'm just gonna you know act like I'm a
part of that group even though secretly
I'm kind of dying right now because you
guys are disrespecting my faith all
faiths disrespecting you know any
decency any any abstract thought any
difference of opinion any conservative
values any traditional values in
Hollywood they hate a lot of families
they hate the traditional traditionalist
view where we really put our faith in
that and we really say no it's okay if
you want to
to be a mom to be a dad to be a dad and
to have your career and and we don't
look at single moms or or mothers who
choose to stay at home as something bad
but we say no you have to be out there
and forget about the kids why is that
what is it about this town that makes
them give girls eating disorders and
take their money and run them ragged and
knock you for your Christianity and say
you won't work in this town again if you
believe in Jesus what is it about
Hollywood it's a lot of intensity and
everyone has pressure to make sure
you're number one whether it's a number
one song and one show the number one
film there's a tense amount of pressure
which we know anything fear-based is not
of God II so great with when you have
that amount of pressure you can't help
but every fear starts to rise of course
he's gonna be my last show man talking
about where we start it's right it is
one of those things where you just
you're always so grateful and when
you're really new to it you're just like
well this is my stepping-stone this is
what made me brave this is the break
this is the moment and so you just
follow what you're being given but at
the same time I think a lot of the
pressure comes from we're filling quotas
right you got to be of this and there's
a bomb gonna be without a you want
welcome coda and of course these are all
failed performers entirely not to music
yesterday in the music industry can I
say that in film to a lot of times you
see it's people who try to be an actor
try to be a director mm-hmm I'll tell
you I was on set I worked on heroes that
was my first big break yeah I was
booking on the whole season for heroes a
lot of people would see me every Monday
so I saw you on TV so I was part of the
little ragtag crew and it was really
cool and that was my big break and it
was the same thing like you're saying
like you you want opportunities so bad
so you're willing to okay fine they can
treat me like this okay fine I won't
speak up cuz I might lose this
opportunity and you've given so much
you've worked so hard you've spent so
much money it's very expensive to start
up a career and for me though I was at
that
point that I was just starting to break
into acting but I was doing my music and
this director comes on sentence raining
okay it's raining it's cold we're in the
written a lot and we're shooting a
really difficult scene that this is
probably our 18 on set and the director
starts screaming at everyone get over
here get your damn stuff what you just
being rude he's being impossible so I
was like okay black stars that are in
the tent in the in the trailer the rest
like okay I looked at him I said hey and
I was like a small-time actor on the set
I wasn't one of the big-time guys I said
hey excuse me
be nice the first time anyone ever told
him nobody said that to him so you see
that the the wheels turning just goes
okay Wow stops yelling really and that's
when I realized the power in this
industry is to be nice is to be kind is
to be respectful and from that moment on
I started I started taking notes who's
treating me respectfully and who do I
actually want to work with in the future
one day I will have power
cuz it's all relationships anyway I went
back into being super hardcore
conservative after now speaking of those
relationships you made a bet with the
Grammys you made this bet you say I'm
gonna wear this dress it might destroy
my career it might not but I'm gonna do
it this is what I think and it didn't
you shoot to number one you have this it
really works out when you leave the
Pussycat Dolls you're making a bet
you're saying I can't take this anymore
I'm not gonna choose to live my life
this way has your politics or at your
career
um well right away I had a gag order you
know I'm right away um and I had to wait
out time and luckily some things
happened with the group that allowed me
then I was free and clear and I went to
your friends at EDM and I was lucky
enough that I had success with my first
solo single from you know being in
Europe because the first one was
Hollywood all and then right after that
was taken off which was data life DJ
Reggie Dimitri Vegas like Mike so I
worked with all these guys came home and
was like
these people and everyone's like who
like presidencies that Hakkasan our
butts like oh my god you had to go out
you had to leave the country I had to
leave the country and so I that was this
is majority of my career has been in EDM
and eating all of that because you had
these successful albums confessions of a
Hollywood doll all your stuff in Asia
Africa India all of that and then a
little more forgiving over there because
I weren't there and had more success
there but yeah it really really are and
coming back to America focusing on that
I've been doing some education reform
stuff working on stuff with science side
of the fence that people are going to
see next year and just was focusing on
starting a record company and working on
that kind of stuff and back end and
strengthening what I was about this you
know moment of her wearing the dress but
a lot of people if they don't know is
that I was on the carpet not far away
from her you were yes we had done yeah
we're both voting members of the Academy
and yeah of like you know she's part of
the advocacy here but tied about because
in in Las Vegas open la chapter but um
yeah so it was a moment and so you're
seeing it happen live you're watching
the reaction possible and you know Andre
is also a friend who designed the dress
Rihanna and so he's a gay Filipino
immigrants yeah love strong yeah the
clay you know the classic Republican
couldn't happen any other way they see
this narrative of what is there you know
oh we're all about the minority well you
know with her beautiful fro the flower
in her hair okay she was like right so
they look at her and I knew it like
honestly immediately it's it's a
disconnect so they're gonna then hey we
even more attention than it was on
anyone else it would never have worked
any other way
it's prettily I did a lot I really do
know I know but like it was him oh yeah
I'll tell you when I did it - it was
really just I don't want to be stifled
anymore I don't want to be closeted
I don't you know when Madonna said she
wants to blow up the White House I was
like are you kidding me this is okay now
and she would never get in trouble for
that now you'll never get in trouble for
that
no even though other people's houses it
doesn't belong to Donald Trump I mean it
belongs to you and me and all of us as
Americans more than you know and they
just fail yeah you want America to fail
yeah that's really the important thing I
said listen we're not we're not
campaigning anymore he's the president
to respect that you don't have to agree
with everything he does I always say
that to my fan base I do a lot of live
periscope chats and Facebook lives and
do a lot of stuff and I say listen you
don't have to agree with my politics but
you will respect them and I'll give you
that same respect not a safe space it's
totally missing now yeah this just came
out I think it's at Harvard they've
renamed safe spaces into brave spaces
you know you can bravely pet little
puppies in color and coloring books and
things like but this is our next
generation of leaders god forbid it's
them they're being coddled like babies
is you just said that you'll respect
someone else's opinion it seems that
that's true across the right with some
exception but generally the right
it seems to me understands the left and
respects their right to spout idiocy
'he's right but it isn't true the other
way the left doesn't they try to get us
fire feeling and you know what its
feelings not facts and right now no
you're right though I mean unity says
okay you can share your space you can
say what you say and I'm gonna say what
I say and we've had to count down for
the last eight years under Obama we've
had to be so respectful and so it's
walking on eggshells and so nice because
if you say anything you're racing yeah
that's absolutely anything and now we
can finally rejoice and be happy and yet
they come down ten times harder on us
even saying I cannot be it's not even a
new line if Reagan used it Nixon use
around it it's a simple one it's been
around forever and it's a basic
statement let's make it let's make
America great again that's what is more
hopeful than that that's like Ben is
isn't Jewish Nazi oh yeah I'm a white
black supremacist a bunch of other stuff
on that other quarter and you're also
what we have in common is we all believe
in supremacist American exceptional
supremacy okay I could talk to you both
all day but we need to bring in our
other friend we need to bring in we have
right now Antonia Okafor is gonna come
to us from some remote location Antonia
is the person who actually introduced
the three of us but I know listen guys I
know if you're watching this right now
on Facebook and YouTube you want to
watch you've got Antonia Okafor for
goodness sake but you can't unless you
go to daily wired.com right now it is
just $10 a month $100 a year you get me
you get the Andrew Clavin show hopefully
after Berkeley you'll still get the Ben
Shapiro show knock on wood but forget
all of that
well you'll really get as the leftist
here's Tyler oh my gosh this is the
finest vessel for leftist tears in the
entire country it allow us to song it
will last the nuclear holocaust or the
Berkeley chaos whichever comes first
and what you can do you can go to your
leftist friends you can play Joyce Magus
Ong with the dress and then you can just
collect all the tears in this delicious
tumblr so go over there right now daily
wire calm we'll be right back
so Antonio thank you for coming we need
to talk about some serious and important
news the Harvard Institute of Politics
has named Chelsea Manning a visiting
fellow for the 2017 to 2018 school year
former CIA director Michael Morell has
announced his resignation as a senior
fellow at Harvard in response to the
fellowship the Harvard announcement
reads quote she speaks on the social
technological and economic ramifications
of artificial intelligence as a trans
woman she advocates for queer and
transgender rights as X Y Z Chelsea on
Twitter there's been no mention by the
way in the announcement of Chelsea's
conviction for espionage and aiding the
enemy Antonio is Harvard just virtue
signalling here would they have picked
him if he were not identifying as a
woman or does Harvard welcome traders of
all gender varieties well I think they
felt like it was balanced right because
they had Sean Spicer as well so they're
like oh and I'm looking at the comments
too it's on Twitter and people are like
I would not have been able to stand
having Sean there if it wasn't for at
least OC being right there to house the
board so I'm like okay all right okay
guys let's let's calm down she is fine
Sean is fine as well and let's just make
America great again by having both of
them together in Harvard okay it is
always ignore Harvard
I mean it's Harvard the only thing to is
that kind of like rethinking my whole
going to law school at Harvard I think
I'm just like I could just be a belt all
you need to do is steal documents from
the United States government leak them
to our enemies and you might be able to
go for free yeah do you think that this
is a publicity stunt or do you I mean
Chelsea Manning doesn't appear to have
any particular expertise you know you
don't think it's a publicity stunt I
think it's a combination I do
it's a bit of you know it's gonna get
attention you know that that's the goal
I mean you know they want to be in the
front of every paper and so however you
can push the narrative to get the
attention I think because they don't
they're out of control and they're not
in power and they're not gonna be so we
gotta let it go man
absolutely we're giving them too much
attention as it is I agree absolutely
disgusting and appalling okay she is a
traitor to United States
she sold secrets she's been through
prison for this okay she's not who she
says she is she's not sunshine and
rainbows even though she likes to use a
lot of emojis and act like I'm on the
cover of Vogue where I'm in Vogue
magazine I'm just a normal girl no
you're not you're convicted criminal
leader you should be getting props or be
given Harvard Excellence Awards when you
are a traitor to the United States so to
me Harvard I got no love for you which
is like a whole like Hurricane Katrina
really it says a lot about our
universities right now that that's
that's what they do they find the
nearest trader they find the person who
most disparages the country and they say
hey as long as you also match some other
intersectional criteria come on and
we'll give you a free of fellowship
absolutely right couldn't agree more now
we need to stop talking about Harvard
president Trump had another meeting with
Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi
bum-bum-bum then Nikki tweeted out quote
does anybody really want to throw out
good educated and accomplished young
people who have jobs some serving in the
military
really the president's Republican
critics are now saying I told you so
joi you're on the campaign Advisory
Council yes I always want to give Donald
Trump the benefit of the doubt because I
love the guy and it's very confetti is
this what we all fear is this the
leftward turn no I'll say this because I
have full faith in our president you
know we elected someone who wrote the
art of the deal so he knows what he's
doing he knows how to sort of play as we
say 4d chess and the fact that Nancy
Pelosi already tweeted
had already posted this like it's a done
deal we're working together and the
presents like no I said that we'll look
into some things he had to say that to
Fox News this morning while he is on the
grounds in Florida helping out by the
way Nancy where are you where's your
money going to help the victims from the
hurricane and he had to say now listen
we're talking about it there's no done
deal so I mean I think the tweets can be
taken you know sort of he tweets a lot
in the spur of the moment I don't think
that this is the end of our Republican
era I don't think our president has gone
away from being a populist as he really
is and I think that he's gonna be fair
in his dacha dealings cuz he knows what
he's doing
that is grand I should point out both of
you Kyah and joy you've raised like
three million dollars for the hurricane
victims all right we went down like we
started it was my birthday um we have
you know songs that are released on the
charts and it just felt right to instead
of promoting our music maybe we asked
our fans to do the right thing in this
moment cuz my birthday was on the Monday
from the storm happy birthday oh yeah it
was not a happy birthday week or day it
was horrible and it made me and her
really sad and we're like you know what
can we do we went to our periscope then
eight hours we had raised over 250,000
yeah um and so and the charity was
letting us know and so we were just kind
of like you know what why don't we keep
going keep it going yeah let's see how
much you get out of this how about we go
there yeah what if we put everyone on
blast and we did and the only other
person at the time other than Sandra
Bullock and Kevin Hart was JJ Watts
nice at the time so we went ahead and we
were like okay let's get down there
Beyonce wasn't that enough shoot there
now but Houston Texas baby that's your
hometown
my cousin al she took a walk down there
all the concerts we were there well yeah
I was there two days before joy and then
joy arrives and I no lie I mean I was in
water area seeing what was going on and
it was atrocious and it was scary and it
was heartfelt because you saw the
communities coming together even though
they were in real devastation um and
that was when I we felt it was the right
time to go now it's kind of like we're
now moving on to Florida right you know
yeah
so rebuilding Allah or rebuilding I'm
great again when I name out their way
should have showed up right away because
then you have to please it gets in that
water you have things that you know
right you got to move action action
action sure no Antonia is that it is it
President Trump he's in Florida he's got
his mind on other things he's not really
focused on this daca stuff and we should
not worry that the president's becoming
a Democrat absolutely I think it's
really shady that they would do that in
the first place in fact they should get
some type of you know repercussion for
that I mean I'm sure that that's why he
had to do the whole Twitter storm in the
morning for us it's that thing straight
but I think it also shows why Twitter is
so important people will continue to say
oh you should just pose as a kennel or
whatever we don't need and that's
another conservative Republican and I
always said even as a journalist like
know personally get access to the source
himself and that's a powerful thing for
the American people I think that's what
you ran on is you know he's for the
people you know as a conservative
populism media and that's why stuff like
this is why it's important when they put
out direct lies there's absolute lies
and they know that him going back on it
or anything like that was gonna make it
actually worse for him but I think we
see through that this time but I'm sure
the people who already hated him are
gonna hate and what are gonna do what
can you say about it so we now usually I
do the mailbag all on my own
usually I just give you I find pearls of
wisdom I spin them at all on my own but
today I want to keep all of the ladies
around I pretty much only had this
podcast so that I can hang around with
beautiful women so let's let's keep them
around for the mailbag and and I think
they'll help us a bag
okay first question from John greetings
king trollee oh thank you for using my
proper title there are a lot of shows
and movies that I'm not really
interested in based on the amount of
swearing violence sex and nudity that's
the only reason I watch movies what are
you doing however there are also a lot
of shows that are awesome but throw in
these same elements with no benefit or
impact on plot or character should
people be able to edit out the content
that they find objectionable should a
company be able to sell their services
to do it for you and finally do you feel
this is worthwhile thanks John let's
start with the big artists in the room
and see what they think kiyah Oh
should people you don't care if they
edit your material you don't care take
out the bad words the storyline I mean
do we have to say you know does it have
to be a curse word not necessarily but I
mean sometimes it kind of does cuz it
punches through I personally it doesn't
offend me to that degree what I don't
like is violence to a heavy measure that
bothers me more than a curse word so
that's just my that's that's my Julie
what do you think well I think it's
censorship I don't think you should be
doing that at all listen we already
released edited versions of our music
right I personally don't cuss in my
music but if I did I would release an
edited version but if you anything you
know for the radio that's the FCC but if
you start editing movies and TV and
start cutting it out I mean there's
reason there's a reason we have rating
systems we have G and P G films if any
of these things offend you and quite
honestly there in real life so you're
gonna you're gonna come across something
offensive no matter where you are but if
these things offend you stick to the
things that are G rated PG rated you
know that might be more your style but
you know for me I don't want censorship
I'm on the other and I'm like make it
more free let me use my voice let me say
what I want and let me tell my story
without you trying to tell me what I
shouldn't shouldn't say I do think very
often conservatives shy away from things
that are a little naughty or violent or
what-have-you
right and the if the art is worth
consuming if the play is worth watching
and the music's worth listening to where
the book is worth reading the human
condition can be pretty nasty and weird
and ruff so if it expresses that in a
way that's artistic and truthful then
you ought to keep it in there you
shouldn't be trying to make the human
condition more shallow and if it's just
some nonsense with a lot of naughty
words and nudity right and doesn't do
anything then ignore it it's probably -
it is I'm sorry I need to move on money
talks though you know just like anything
right if people are hungry for something
that's more eg or whatever people are
tired of it you know the nudity the
nudity and the cursing and everything
it's not spelling any more then Holly
what's gonna respond I just like
everything it's money just like these
two beautiful women you know people are
gonna respond to them because they want
more people like them on their on the
silver screen so I think that's what it
comes down to just I'm all I'm doing is
responding and I totally agree money
talks free speech from Michael that is a
great point people don't realize that
the money is speech from Michael dear
Michael Knowles do you believe there's a
place for atheists in the modern
conservative movement in general in the
Republican Party specifically or will
conservative ideas survive only if they
are supported somehow by religious
teachings I really think this is an
important topic as fewer people
subscribe to organized religion and I
don't think we should concede
non-religious votes any more than we
should the votes of certain minorities
the left thinks belongs to them thank
you I think all of us here have a strong
opinion on faith Antonia what do you
think you know I person of faith I'm a
Christian born-again Christian I
absolutely would love for all of society
to be born-again Christians and and
follow that in our doctrine but let's
just be honest here for even in
conservatives in them there are a lot of
people who well they're conservative
just automatically think oh you're a
Christian or you're a person of faith
but then you actually get to hear what
they're saying and I'm gonna be outright
you know I just I don't believe in a God
but they still believe in conservative
values and even even more so DiGiorgio
Christian beliefs that should go with it
even though personally themselves they
don't believe in it so I think there is
a place because if people have already
been doing that already maybe they don't
stay it
Wow but they personally and their own
lives are not gonna you know follow
those doctors in their lives but I
believe that in general all people
should have that and as a go to oh I
think it's on you what do you think I
think it's a tough for me I have a
Christian so it's it's hard for me to
say that you know it's it's hard here
don't have faith in general it doesn't
make sense to you it doesn't because no
because I love science and I love my
religion and I do believe they can
coexist I mean you look at the mountains
and you look at the sky and you look at
incredible moments throughout history a
Catholic priest discovered the Big Bang
a lot of people don't know that but
faith and science go together really
yeah they don't ever place them together
but they do go together and so I just
have a hard time when I hear someone
that doesn't believe in anything at all
I just I actually would like them to
stay in the conservative narrative
because I hope one day they get to
experience what feeling movement of God
in your life is like so I think if we
push them away
there's no way to you know affect their
life in a positive way and maybe if
they're closer you know they'll that
could rub off on them or they could see
hey wait maybe there is something I'm
not paying attention to everybody's got
to serve somebody joy what's your take
well for me I think it's it's
relationship over religion so I'm always
someone who doesn't I don't think you
should believe the same way I do I don't
think you should vote the same way I do
I don't think you should look the same
way I do so me I have a very protective
view on people's thoughts and opinions
I'm more of this of the type that says
listen if you're an atheist and you're
conservative more power to you you can
believe in whatever you want and
practice your conservative beliefs and
traditional values because it's about
values the thing that most religious
people Christians and all different
religion shares that we have values who
respect each other as humans we know
good from bad we don't want to hurt
others we want to help we believe in
helping you know the poor and the
destitute and bringing up the successful
to be more successful so if you're an
atheist and those are your values you're
welcome aboard I don't care if you
believe in God or don't I can see eye to
eye with anybody I agree with Andrew
Clavin on this I agree with what you've
all
and I I agree specifically with Andrew
flavin who says you can be a
conservative and an atheist but you
won't make sense you should do it you
should vote for conservatives and
Republicans but it doesn't totally make
sense because everybody has to serve
somebody I'm a Christian and
specifically a Catholic because I think
it's true I think it's the true thing I
wouldn't believe it if I didn't think it
weren't true and I think the arguments
for God are a lot stronger than the
handful of arguments against God I think
Jesus is who he says he is I think the
the arguments for Jesus are a lot better
in the arguments against Jesus and I
think that a lot of what conservatism is
which is rooted in Western civilization
and the protection of tradition and
human dignity and ordered Liberty make
sense only what through a Christian view
of the world or a judeo-christian view
of the world as we call it in America so
if you're an atheist if you're a Randian
if you're whatever and you vote for
conservatives be my guest come on board
it's a big open tent but you should also
think about your views because I think
it makes a lot more sense if God exists
now enough about all these minor
questions about God and religion and all
these things well that's small talk we
got a talk I got the next two questions
are much more urgent to people's daily
lives from Shahar Oh Michael the Lord
with no words I am about to start
University soon and I've wanted to ask
you how to deal with the ladies had a
deal with the ladies
I am only 19 and that makes me one of
the youngest people in the school I'm in
Israel and people my age go to the army
plus I never dealt with girls before
because of a very religious family I am
no longer religious that's too bad go
back to them and I have a physical
disability help then the next question
is from Matt dear King troll hi ho I'm
25 years old have a full-time job before
a 1k go to the gym every day overall I'm
not that ugly
that being said I have a serious problem
talking to the ladies I've never been
graceful when it comes to talking to the
ladies I don't know why but this is the
one area in my life I lack confidence in
I know a gorgeous man like yourself you
have good taste man probably never had
this problem but what would your advice
be to me to get over this stupid fear I
have loved to show Matt Wow I am gonna
let the ladies take this one first
Antonia wouldn't care
oh man I I think it's funny because I
was looking at the pretty video that was
releasing about Walsh and talking about
confidence and self-esteem right and how
about how this a farce and a
make-believe concept growing up and I
think it is but it is topic right it's
confidence and confidence and confidence
and self-esteem is that confidence it's
earned right it's based on compliments
so remember the things that you've done
remember also going back to faith again
that God has made you in His image and
therefore you already have work already
that's it and that someone's gonna see
that so I think that's that's my advice
fuse remembers who you are knew Christ
and God has that person for you but keep
going Sonia God I love what you know
Antonia just said I mean it's true we
date our self-esteem so I would
definitely say think about who you look
up to if you're a guy like you have your
favorite actor you have someone that you
watch or maybe it's your father maybe
it's your brother there's someone and
maybe start to emulate in your mind the
value of what you see your future self
being reflect that in here because that
will give you confidence and it is
mental so believe in it to achieve it
and suck it up and go talk to her
compliments are everything to women as
Chris Rock has says food/water
compliment so so true compliment her say
hello
know when to just stop talking don't
stutter even if you just go up and say
hi you know you look beautiful today
that's it keep it moving on but
confidence joy how does a guy land joy
Villa well I'm already married but I
would say I definitely agree with these
gorgeous ladies what they've said is
confidence is key and also the way you
present yourself so when I was not
married when I was dating I would look
at a guy with the way he dressed the way
he came off was he looking me in the
eyes was he saying hi what's your name
or was he just hey can I buy you a drink
or did he look nervous and he seemed
creepy so you have to come you know come
off ins is yourself but a better version
of yourself
so practice in front of the mirror take
some speech classes learn how to be
confident and compliment and talk to
anyone anytime and a lot of guys tell me
yeah but women don't like to be harassed
no forget about it every woman is hoping
a prince charming
walk up to her be polite be respectful
if she doesn't show interest then leave
it alone but if she's talking to you and
smiling you know then just be a friend
to her and then go for it ask him ask
her out ask for that date oh you can get
his announcement my advice hi is best
summed up I think by the godfather Don
Corleone II the main character the guy
just like me who are you know what do
you have to act just be myself these
lovely ladies have summed it up very
well unsurprisingly you got to be
confident and the way to be confident is
you have to play to your strengths so
back in the in the old days before I was
engaged to sweet little ELISA I would
you know I might talk to a couple ladies
every now and again and I a guy like me
not a hulking football player not the
most physically intimidating guy I might
not do as well in a nightclub as as Don
Corleone II let's say but I might do a
little bit better at a place where I can
speak or something like that you got to
play to your strengths a little bit you
got a you got a really own who you are
you don't want to be cocky you don't
want to be wimpy you just really have to
put yourself out as you are be
comfortable be comfortable and then
you'll be confident and you know we're
talking about picking up girls when I
was in high school if you were not on
the football team the best way to pick
up a girl probably the only way to pick
up a girl is to learn how to play the
acoustic guitar that's the I thought
we're gonna do a final thought today but
I want to scrap it I have these lovely
ladies in here I would like to do
something more fun I probably have not
really played guitar since high school
but I brought one in brought in a guitar
and I brought in a little harmonica so
so I'd like if you wouldn't mind I'd
like to maybe close the show on an
acoustic live version of make
Erica great again oh my god would that
be all right with sure I am gonna grab
the guitar okay it's like I had braces
or something it's been a little while
since I play a tour okay I'm going to
turn the microphone down here toward the
guitar yeah take it we'll take it kind
of slow like the song perfect let's see
I've been practicing this for like three
hours now so I hope it's okay
where have we got seems like we've lost
away the lies had we been told how put
our dreams on hold and you know if we
don't watch it out we could all go under
and drown
yeah the future depends on us so we
gotta wake up gotta shake it up now and
let's make America great again we can
come back twice as strong oh we can
still be the hope of every hungry child
be the Sun of every freedom stone yes my
dear we can't
oh really good like you like I haven't
played the guitar
you are too kind you're flattering me no
we're not and play the harmonica I don't
think I mean up some serious stuff right
there musicians gonna stop I had to work
with Elise I wrote and I would turn red
come on I'll show thanks for coming come
back today and we'll see you then
