MSNBC this is just an amazing piece of
video I've got a play for you
they had Julie sweat Nick on right she's
the woman who said that there were these
gang rape parties like ten of them and I
went to ten of them Oh like you know top
you know it's like Julie stop going to
the gang rape parties you know when you
get the invitation it says please come
to my gang rape party no don't go don't
go to the gang rape party stay home
watch TV you know Netflix and chill you
know it's like do not go to the gap but
Kate's no an NBC reporter and III really
feel for her because there's a
journalist she's interviewing this woman
and she can tell this woman story is
unraveling so she starts to ask her
about discrepancies you did she really
mean in her statement that she made to
the committee did she mean these things
so she starts off by asking her sweat
Nick said that she saw Cavanaugh spiked
the punch so he could get women drunk to
prepare them for the satanic date rape I
think there's a date rape man human
sacrifices that would oh yes you know
you know the usual thing that happens at
these part I mean are we gonna hold him
accountable for listen to the you can
watch on screen as her story falls apart
did you see Brett Kavanaugh you know
spiking the punch putting guys I saw I
saw him given Red Solo cups a few girls
during that timeframe and there was
grain punch at those parties and I would
not take one of those glasses from Marc
Kavanagh Brett Kavanaugh excuse me I saw
him around the punch I won't say bowls
or the punch containers I don't know
what he did but I saw him buy them yes
in her declaration Sweatt Nick also
wrote I also witnessed efforts by Marc
judge Brett Kavanaugh and others to
cause girls to become inebriated and
disoriented so they could then be
gang-raped in a side room or bedroom by
a train of numerous boys I have a firm
recollection of seeing boys lined up
outside rooms at many of these parties
waiting for their turn with a girl
inside the room these boys included Marc
judge and Brett Kavanaugh what did you
see was very innocent well until what
happened to me happened to me I didn't
put two and two together but I would see
boys standing
side of brooms congregated together soar
like a gauntlet and I didn't know what
was occurring out that I would see them
laughing a lot of laughing so they were
drinking punch and laughing this is how
it's like so it's sort of like gang rape
but sort of cut you know gang rape or
drinking punch and laughing it's really
a you know those two things once you see
one you can just deduce the other I mean
it was it was embarrassing it was
embarrassing and and you know Kate snow
started off the report by saying she
contradicted herself she has no kirat we
call she says Kate snow says we called
all these people nobody will corroborate
her story why'd you have her on
why is she news I mean anybody can say
anything about anyone and now there's a
report I think in the AP that's that
said that starts to talk about the fact
that she hasn't been involved in at
least six legal cases over the past
twenty five years some of which involved
what evidence strongly suggests are
multiple false claims okay she had a
legal dispute highlighted by the AP in
1994 personal injury lawsuit Sweatt Nick
filed against the Washington
Metropolitan Area Transit Authority
which contains strong evidence that she
attempted to swindle the department AP
reports that sweatin exuded the Transit
Authority for four hundred twenty
thousand dollars in earnings she said
she allegedly lost after hurting her
nose and a fall I mean you know if her
boyfriend to says she's kind of a kook
David French over at NRO
a lawyer he says all of these charges
are falling apart that is why we're
hearing about temperament that is why
we're hearing about drinking which by
the way is not against the law
that is why we're hearing all this stuff
it's meant to scare women it is
essentially meant to scare women there
is a big gender gap in the voting right
now right now the polls are kind of
shifting around very hard to read and so
this is having an effect on the midterm
but we don't know what it is yet
