men can't do a lot of things that women
can do we can't bear children or talk
complete nonsense and get away with it
because we're cute
we can't even stand with our hands on
our hips rolling our eyes and tapping
one foot at the same time because it
just looks silly when we do it but at
least we can spend a little time each
month feeling out of sorts and depressed
by visiting our favorite website
everyday feminism everyday feminism is
the site that empowers women and
minorities by making them feel angry
over every little thing so that they're
never satisfied with anything and
ultimately end up alone in their room
sobbing because people are sick and
tired of hearing them complain this
month's best post on everyday feminism
is entitled quote coming out as queer is
even more complicated for a fat person
unquote
now that title may strike some of you is
hilarious but that's only because you
have a sense of humor too most of the
readers of everyday feminism fat queer
dumb is a deeply serious matter which of
course only makes it that much more
hilarious for the rest of us the post
begins quote I came out as fat to myself
about five years ago now let me stop
right there I find this sentence
fascinating the woman who wrote this
post had to come out to herself as fat
one day she sat down with herself in a
chair or two looking herself in the face
and she said I hate to break this to you
but I'm fat whereupon she answered
herself by saying yes I've suspected you
were fat for a long time but I'm glad
you finally felt comfortable telling me
after that she hugged herself and some
tears were shed and she was able to move
on it was a very touching moment dr.
Karla ever an assistant professor of
sociology and Women's and Gender Studies
or nonsense as it's technically called
explains quote people assume that since
fatness is so visible there is no need
for fat people to come out as fat but
some people view coming out as fat as a
way of taking back and reclaiming the
discourse around fatness unquote I have
no idea what that means but I'm sure dr.
Pfeffer doesn't either otherwise she'd
be doing something more useful than
teaching gender studies like standing on
one foot balancing a pencil on her nose
but coming out as fat is apparently not
so easy if you have to come out as queer
at the same time the post continues
quote gay fat sis men or deemed feminine
because they
are fat lesbian faxes women must deal
with the narrative that they chose
lesbianism because they're fat bodies
make it impossible for any man to ever
be attracted to them this paragraph
raises the all-important question why
does it never occur to anyone at
everyday feminism that with just a
little bit of courage you don't have to
care what people say about you so you
might want to lose some weight
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show
