Hillary Clinton is about to begin a book
tour for her new memoir which has the
title what happened and the subtitle Oh
what what what what happened please tell
me what happened what what what what
what
Hillary is planning speaking engagements
across the United States and Canada
tickets for the events are priced at
around 350 dollars which will be paid in
small unmarked bills to anyone who shows
up contacted by reporters and asked to
say what the book was about Hillary said
quote it's an attempt to explain how in
hell the next president in line had her
birthright snatched from her fingers by
Russians and misogynists after she had
sacrificed every personal consideration
in a humiliating sham of a loveless
marriage in the hopes it would lift her
to power and then committed every form
of corruption that my Greece for solace
climbed to the top unquote
mrs. Clinton fell off her barstool and
was carried into the back room of the
saloon screaming quote that was off the
record dammit unquote then she lapsed
into unconsciousness though much of the
book has been a well-kept secret that
daily wire has acquired a table of
contents which contains such chapter
titles as chapter 1 the White House is
mine mine mine mine mine mine Chapter
three
mine it's mine you can't have it it's
mine chapter four Bernie Sanders that
stinking old communist snake oil
salesman who ruined everything
chapter 7 James Comey spawn of Satan and
chapter 10 what is that hideous mask of
despair I see in the mirror please don't
tell me it's my face what expert of the
concluding chapter Hillary tells her
readers quote I take full and complete
responsibility for my loss to Donald
Trump even though it wasn't my fault the
fault lies with a raving mob of
woman-hating racist white supremacists
deplorable who didn't recognize the
first female president of the United
States when they saw her and were too
stupid not to vote for some orange faced
crotch grabber who should have stayed on
reality television where he belonged
instead of ruining the only life I have
the only life I have unquote a publicist
for mrs. Clinton's publisher says the
book tour is scheduled to begin
September 18th with mrs. Clinton walking
on stage at the
Theatre in Washington DC and to end
September 19th with mrs. Clinton being
dragged off the White House lawn taking
her fingernails into the grass and
screaming Let Me In it was supposed to
be me it was supposed to be made
Democrats greeted Hillary's book tour
with enthusiasm sending congratulatory
emails to mrs. Clinton that said things
like for God's sake just shut up already
you're destroying the party and please
mom it's over you're embarrassing
everyone just go home
Republicans greeted news of the book
tour by laughing uproariously trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
