all right get your leftist ear tumblers
ready because Hillary Clinton is crying
and crying we are going to drink those
tears as if they were champagne this is
going to be one of the most sexist
episodes ever I think Hillary was just
too girly to be president and if that's
not bad enough will debunk the campus
rape myth and Paul besten will join us
to talk about the days when American men
were the heavyweight champions of the
world
testosterone all around but first Hilary
Clinton is about to begin a book tour
for her new memoir which has the title
what happened and the subtitle Oh what
what what what happened please tell me
what happened what what what what what
hillary is planning speaking engagements
across the united states and canada
tickets for the events are priced at
around three hundred and fifty dollars
which will be paid in small unmarked
bills to anyone who shows up contacted
by reporters and asked to say what the
book was about hillary said quote it's
an attempt to explain how in hell the
next president in line had her
birthright snatched from her fingers by
russians and misogynist after she had
sacrificed every personal consideration
in a humiliating sham of a loveless
marriage in the hopes it would lift her
to power and then committed every form
of corruption that might grease for
solace climbed to the top unquote missus
clinton fell off her barstool and was
carried into the back room of the saloon
screaming quote that was off the record
dammit unquote then she lapsed into
unconsciousness though much of the book
has been a well-kept secret that daily
wire has acquired a table of contents
which contains such chapter titles as
chapter one the white house is mine mine
mine mine mine mine chapter three mine
it's mine you can't have it it's mine
chapter four Bernie Sanders that
stinking old communist snake oil
salesman who ruined everything
Chapter seven James Comey spawn of Satan
and chapter ten what is that hideous
mask of despair I see in the mirror
please don't tell me it's my face what
expert of the concluding chapter Hillary
tells her readers quote I take full and
complete responsibility for my loss to
Donald Trump even though it wasn't my
fault the fault lies with a raving mob
of
hating racist white supremacists
deplorable who didn't recognize the
first female president of the United
States when they saw her and were too
stupid not to vote for some orange faced
crotch grabber who should have stayed on
reality television where he belonged
instead of ruining the only life I have
the only life I have unquote a publicist
for mrs. Clinton's publisher says the
book tour is scheduled to begin
September 18th with mrs. Clinton walking
onstage at the Warner Theater in
Washington DC and to end September 19th
with mrs. Clinton being dragged off the
White House lawn it's taking her
fingernails into the grass and screaming
Let Me In it was supposed to be me it
was supposed to be made Democrats
greeted Hillary's book tour with
enthusiasm sending congratulatory emails
to mrs. Clinton that said things like
for God's sake just shut up already
you're destroying the party and please
mom it's over you're embarrassing
everyone just go home Republicans
greeted news of the book tour by
laughing uproariously trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
so we need no singing
all right now listen I don't want to
make fun of Hillary Clinton's you know
pain but I can't help it it's just so
it's just it's so good and we're gonna
be making a lot of fun of her
oh so we will have Paul Wester on he's
got a new book about boxing which is
really interesting because of what it
says about men and about America in the
old days the mailbag is tomorrow so get
your yes you so get your questions in
you've got to subscribe allows you ten
bucks a month we will solve all your
problems you can ask about your personal
problems politics religion anything
answers are guaranteed a hundred percent
correct and will change your life every
now and again for the better so you go
on the website right you touch the
podcast button that's where you can
submit your questions and by the way on
the 19th Ben is going to be doing a town
hall 2:00 p.m. Pacific 5:00 p.m. Eastern
2 p.m. Pacific that will be streaming
live on Facebook is free for everyone to
watch but if you want to send in
questions again you have to subscribe 10
bucks a month and if you subscribe for
the year it's a hundred bucks a month
and you get the leftist ears tumblr
which is going to need this very day
because we're going to be drinking
hilary Clift is tears all right we will
get on to it we'll talk about everything
Ted Cruz and his porn you know porn
addiction did you hear about this
Schneider on midnight liked somebody on
Ted Cruz's Twitter feed liked a porn
movie that was on the Twitter feed or
something like this and I know it was
who did it or whatever when and who
cares - you know I never understand
these stories like Ted Cruz what they
always say is well Ted Cruz's a
Christian so he's a hypocrite if he's a
Christian he believes he's a broken you
know sinful man who occasionally does
the wrong thing it probably wasn't even
him liking the Twitter movie but if it
was then he wasn't owe you an apology to
us an apology anyway I always feel
guilty when I do a commercial for
texture comm because it is the most
addictive app you will ever have I feel
like I'm giving you something that
you're just you're just not going to be
able to control yourself this app has
hundreds of magazines for it's like 10
bucks a month $9.99 a month just all
everything everything you could possibly
want to read about and the thing about
magazines that I really like is like I
think opinion and perspective is really
important magazines have the money and
the time to send reporters out to gather
the facts and really get the stories and
these are all kinds of magazines so if
you like celebrities has got people if
you like sports of Sports Illustrated
Entertainment Weekly forms for very
serious stuff
Esquire time all these all the basically
all the big magazines and they're it's
just like you start reading it and
because you can read anything you happen
to be interested at the time you just
get lost in this thing like I said $9.99
a month over 200 magazines and if you
sign up right now at texture comm slash
Clavin
you get a 14-day free trial and that's
Clavin I know what you I know what you
were thinking I don't trust you I do not
trust you you're thinking how do you
it's que la vie aan y subscribe to just
a couple of magazines when you can have
all of your favorites on your smartphone
or tablet
all the time for way less this texture
was selected as one of Apple's top 2016
iPad apps or start your free trial now
and download the texture app right now
texture is offering my listeners once
again 14-day free trial when you go to
texture com
slash clave and that's all it will take
to convince you 14 days to try texture
for free when you go to texture calm
slash Clavin texture calm slash Clavin
you weren't doing anything else with
your life anyways with this we'll take
care of all your time alright so I just
I mean I've been watching this interview
that Hillary Clinton gave with Jane
Pauley and the thing that keeps coming
to mind you know there was this movie I
don't know if anybody remembers the
movie as good as it gets with Jack
Nicholson did you anybody see that see
here's the thing because the left has
created a world in which its supposedly
virtuous to lie to not say that women
are like this and men are like that to
not say oh there's a lot of crime in the
black community and not say oh you know
a lot of the guys who commit terrorist
acts just happen for some reason to be
named Mohammed
so if virtue is lying
that is why you see on so many shows the
men are now gangsters so you get the
Sopranos you get Breaking Bad you get
there the men are bad people the reason
is is in a world where it's virtuous to
lie bad people are the ones who tell the
truth right and that's what everybody
likes about Donald Trump he breaks the
rules he tells the truth so as good as
it gets had Jack Nicholson is as a
writer who I can't remember he had a
bunch of psychological problems but he
just was compulsively speak the truth
and of course by the end of the movie
they had to cure him of this because
that was made him a bad guy right so
they cure him of speaking the truth but
the fact is all anybody ever cared about
was the first half an hour of the movie
when he says all these hilarious things
and there's one very famous scene when
Nicholson is the famous writer is
walking out of his publishers office and
the secretary stops him and wants to
know how do you write such good women
characters here it is how do you write
women so well I think of a man and I
take away reason and accountability was
I mean that language made us mad she
take he thinks of a man and he takes
away reason and accountability that's
Hillary Clinton I mean Hillary Clinton
we've been told we were so misogynist
for not electing the first woman
president but she exemplifies the worst
cliches about women I mean look
everybody has flaws but there are two
different kinds of people there are men
and there are women those are the two
kinds of people there are and men have
men Falls and women helped women flaws
and she is out there without reason or
accountability she won't even take I
mean obviously one of her biggest
mistakes just like Mitt Romney had that
47% mistake like 47% of people don't
want to work and so they take free stuff
from the Democrats and everybody went
like hey you know welfare I don't like
it you know she had that quote where she
called Trump's voters deplorable 'he's
well why should any of them now switch
to her if they're deplorable right she
won't even take that back if she says
cut three listen to this well I thought
Trump was behaving in a deplorable
manner I thought a lot of his appeals to
voters were deplorable
I thought his behavior as we saw on the
Access Hollywood tape was
deplorable and there were a large number
of people who didn't care it did not
matter to them well I only called them
deplorable cuz there's a barb oh yeah
all of you people are deplorable I mean
this is this is what's happening to the
Democrat Party I mean this is amazing
their hatred of the American people
their hatred of a large swath of the
American people is coming out and say
what you will about Trump he doesn't say
this stuff he doesn't say this he says
it about the powerful people who attack
him but he doesn't say it about the
people who didn't vote for him you know
he's trying to win them over the
Democrats are just telling you you are
deplorable she will not take it back
without reason or accountability then I
mean the classic the most sexist show
ever they may come in it's somewhere
around here the two women just been
coming carrying me out the door but the
classic thing about women is they're too
emotional as president so listen to
Hillary's description to Jane Pauley
it's like two girls talking to Jane Jane
Pauley she's talking about how she felt
after the election was over this cut - I
just felt this enormous letdown this
kind of loss of feeling and direction
and sadness and you know Bill just kept
saying oh you know that was a terrific
speech trying to just kind of bolster me
a little bit if I went into a frenzy of
closet cleaning long walks in the woods
and playing with my dogs and yoga
alternate nostril breathing which I
highly recommend trying to calm myself
down and you know my share of Chardonnay
it was a very hard transition I really
struggled I couldn't feel I couldn't
think I was just gobsmacked wiped out
you gotta get one of these left his
tears Tumblr's the tears they taste so
good I mean who cares who she's drinking
she got boozing it up and doing yoga and
she's cleaning her closets I mean are
you kidding me this is a person who
wanted to be President of the United
States now don't get me wrong when when
Democrat men
they go insane when Al Gore lost he went
as I remember he got that big beard and
suddenly screaming about the world is
gonna end you know it's all it's all in
global warming is gonna kill us all and
he would bake speeches in the snow about
global and they're still trying to sell
this stuff to us they're like you know
you're some kind of Holocaust denier you
know played so-so Democrat men go crazy
but yeah I mean I don't know this is a
woman who wanted her finger on the
button of the the nuclear button and
she's sitting there telling us about how
she lost an election and she's drinking
herself you know she's getting boozing
it up with the Chardonnay and doing the
yoga I mean is that the person you want
running running the army ah
man oh man I to me I what is what is so
funny about this and I've said this
before that feminists like the only
women I know who fulfill the cliches
that men say about women are feminists
they're the ones who like fall into
those cliches and it is funny you know
I've talked about this before but I may
be one of the oldest people who do a
podcast and and there is a real
difference between the way young men
talk about women and the way old men
talk about women it is really different
and I will tell you how especially this
is really interesting if you're women
because they don't do it in front of
women but all men look at the
differences between men and women and
kind of roll their eyes I'm sure women
look at men and roll their eyes I mean
that's the way the whole system is set
up we don't quite get each other but we
like each other but it's nice you know
but but older guys like say that talk
about the differences of men and women
with great affection I mean they were
all their eyes they were women you know
they're like this but they really like
them they're really younger guys were
ticked off they're angry and the reason
they're angry is because they were told
there was no difference they were told
that they were bad to say there was a
difference they were told naughty boys
all only naughty boys believe there's a
difference between men and women so the
thing is like young guys are furious
when they find out that women don't want
the same things that I think the same
things they don't like the same thing
and guys and younger guys get angry
because they weren't told that they were
they were lied to so I'm watching
Hillary and I'm in stitches because I
just think like yeah this is this is
kind of the way women you know they hate
listen to her talk about wit this has
been played before but
I don't think we played it here she's
talking about that Donald Trump got too
close to her on the stage and he was so
creepy and and listen listen to the
dithering here okay again a woman who
wants to be in control of our armed
forces can't even decide what to do with
some guy standing in back of her on the
stage it was so just calm Bob you lating
and so while I'm answering questions my
mind is going okay do I keep my
composure do I act like a president am I
the person that people can trust in the
end to make hard decisions or do i wheel
around and say get out of my space back
up you creep well you know I didn't do
the latter but I I thought you know
people say oh I don't know her well and
I think my composure which I have
developed over years being in the public
eye has well equipped me for being a
leader because you should keep your cool
and you should be steady and predictable
but I think in this time we're in
particularly in this campaign you know
maybe I missed a few chances maybe so
like not going to Wisconsin oh I'd have
been a big one not campaigning you know
the places the Donald Trump pulled out
from under your feet those might have
been a few chances you miss but she's
worried she's still worried that she
didn't tell the guy on the subway who
happened to be Donald Trump you know to
back off creep this interview is one is
it's hilarious it is hilarious and I
have to say after watching Hillary
Clinton I was joking about this in the
opening but after watching her basically
sell her soul I mean who who stays in a
marriage where a guy humiliates you on
national international TV by cheating on
you again and again and again even when
he's present in the United States he
goes on cheating on you with a woman
young enough to be his daughter
who stays in that marriage I mean when
that marriage was a sham but she
obviously stayed in it as for power it
was a power relationship she wanted the
power she thought she can parlay that
she did parlay being cheated on into the
New York states into the New York Senate
seat so she sold that out she did all
these deals with
people she was constantly selling
government favors behind the scenes and
then it all builds up to this one shot
she's got at the big show and she loses
it in the most humiliating way possible
you got to get the leftist ears tumblr
because this is what are the great great
moments in political history you know
the thing and while I'm picking on women
and just as here and after the show she
will come over and just like hit me
upside the head but like well while I'm
picking on women I want to say that the
Democrats have always been called the
mommy party and the Republicans of the
daddy party because Republicans are
hard-headed and realistic but what what
the press and the left want to do is
they want to turn everybody into this
feminist image of weak dithering over
emotional womanhood this is the femme
this is what feminists think women
should be like and all they do is sell
us emotion you know we were watching
that
Dokka thing where we're a trump got rid
of this unconstitutional executive order
giving people who had brought up and
brought over here illegally as children
the right to stay for a while it was
supposed to be temporary Barack Obama
himself said it was unconstitutional
Trump gets rid of it and you think the
news would be sitting around talking
about well it was unconstitutional but
how can we do it how can we move forward
with this what's the good side what's
the bad side listen to this montage just
selling you a motion all emotion this is
from our friends at News Buster's one of
my favorite websites they just put
together this montage of like the way
the news was reported this is the number
nine Joe Biden has just tweeted brought
by parents these children had no choice
in coming here now they'll be sent to
countries they've never known cruel not
America all the statement reads it's
wrong because it's cruel to send these
young people to place as many of them
have never lived and do not know only an
accrual a nation
do you take 800,000 documents at people
and make them undocumented the bejeebers
out of all these kids in other words
there's a cruelty there and it's a
signal to say I can do something that a
lot of people think is cruel this is one
of the most cruel acts we've seen in the
presidency in a long
this is so one this was a cruel inhumane
and unnecessary move administration's
latest immigration policy move
it's been called cruel it's a very cruel
and unfortunate decision to end the
problem as kids his critics say the
decision was cruel I have a decision by
the Trump administration is cruel this
amounts to like cruel and unusual
punishment to like innocent children
immigration advocates say the move to
cut them off it's cruel are you getting
the feeling they want you to think it's
cruel are you getting the feeling they
want you to react in an emotional way to
something that had to do with the
Constitution and the law and a very
difficult problem bill McGurn the great
bill magrunner does a column once a week
at The Wall Street Journal has a column
today called on the cruelty of Barack
Obama and he points out that Obama had a
shot at solving some of this problem in
2007 a coalition of Republican and
Democratic senators came up with a bill
that enjoyed the support of the Bush
White House it wasn't perfect but
extracted compromises from each side so
it gave enhancements for border security
a guest worker program and the inclusion
of the entire DREAM Act the legislation
for children who'd been brought here
illegally that mr. Obama claims he has
always wanted Senator Obama instead of
voting for it he opted to back
eleventh-hour amendments that were
really intended as deal-breakers the
Democrats decided they'd rather have the
political issue than a solution and it's
fair enough
McGurn goes on to say it's fair enough
to criticize mr. Trump in Congress for
whatever they do going forward to clean
up this mess but let's remember the
Obama duplicity that created it and
that's the thing well that's the thing
about emotion it blinds you to the facts
and the facts you know are remain that
is the Democrats and Barack Obama who
created this situation so last night
math is gone for Glover Glover Glover
Glover I know it's not clover so you
know everything is growing so much here
at the Daily wire that everybody gets a
new title every I don't even know what
Mathis title is who's like grandpa
pooh-bah of sound or something like this
but but he can't you know he came over
and we were having a great conversation
about the movies because Memphis has
actually seen movies I mean most people
talk about the movies but they haven't
seen anything that was made before 2010
and what especially made this
conversation great was we open up a
couple of bottles of wine and wine is
the thing that makes conversation really
sing I love wine
and I have the habit of kinda just going
out and buying a Chardonnay it's easy I
don't you know I ran to the store I
don't have a lot of time I'll grab a
bottle Chardonnay put it in the body but
with wink
this is winc with a wink they will give
you a little test they call it like a
palate test I think if the palate
profile quiz it's called the ppq and
they will give you a palette profile
quiz to see what you like and then they
will send you every month different
bottles of wine that fit your palate
profile you go to do this you go to try
wink calm that's t ry w eye and si.com
and i know you're thinking wink you
spelled with the K but they spell it
with a C so it's T ry wi and si.com you
take the palate profile quiz and wink
will recommend distinct and interesting
wines customized to your palate to be
shipped directly to your door every
month so you don't have to waste time
going out to the store and wink faces
the wise they send you on your taste
preferences so they'll even introduce
you to new rare and custom wines that
are not available anywhere else and
they'll tell you the story behind each
one and they'll also tell you you know
what kind of food what kind of meal
might be nice to go with it's really
nice you learn a lot but you also get
good wine and you get to try new wine
and they have at a hundred percent
satisfaction guarantee so you never pay
for a bottle
you don't like right now wink is winc is
offering listeners $20 off your first
order when you go to try wink dot-com /
Andrew that's try wink spelled t ry wi
and si.com / Andrew you get $20 off your
first order now try wink comm / Andrew
is really nice the bottles I say the
wine has just been terrific
alright we've got Paul besten coming on
to talk about his book the boxing kings
when American heavyweights ruled the
ring but I have to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube so come on over to
the daily wire comm you can listen to
the rest but if you want to just watch
the whole show you can watch it the
whole thing of the daily wire comm if
you subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a
month it will also give you the right to
ask questions on in the mailbag and if
you subscribe for the year leftist tears
you can watch that Hillary interview
forever and enjoy every drop alright
come on over to the daily wire calm
all right Paul besten he is the managing
editor of city journal is writing his
appeared in The Wall Street Journal
PopMatters the American Spectator it's
about everywhere he is at Paul best in B
est oh and his new book is the boxing
Kings
when American heavyweights ruled the
ring I think it's officially published
in a couple of days but I read an early
version of it it is really well written
book but it's about more than just
boxing it is really about America and
manhood and race and a lot of different
other things Paul are you there I am
drew yeah how are you I'm good how you
doing it's good to say it is good to see
you too the book is a terrific ball it
really is and thank you
I noticed thank you very much I notice
it actually had a blurb on it for me so
I thought that was impressive because
I'm one yeah yeah so the thing is I
don't know this anymore but the
heavyweight champion of the world used
to be one of the most glamorous titles
in sports I mean it was something you
made movies about I remember Kirk
Douglas was in champion on the
waterfront features a guy who had a shot
at the heavyweight title what what
happened I mean this was really a big
deal what happened that made it less
important well my take on it and one of
the reasons why the book is the subtitle
mentions American heavyweight so you
know when American heavyweights world
the ring is that for most of the history
of the heavyweight title which my book
tells from about 1880 to the year 2000
the heavyweight title and Americans were
pretty much synonymous it was on the
same track a couple of foreign champions
during that that period
very few almost all American it very
quickly became kind of an identifier of
it almost like an American property and
boxing as everyone knows is kind of
become a more marginal sport today I
think that the the lack of American
representation at the heavyweight level
is a huge part of that because that has
always been the the benchmark that
Americans look to when they thought
about boxing so why was why did America
dominate the sports so much I think it
has a lot to do with the country itself
I mean the the the nature
of when the heavyweight title became big
it came out in the late 19th century and
when the country was industrializing it
was having mass immigration the first
great group of prize fighters were Irish
the Irish were in a huge immigrant group
at that time the United States first
great heavyweight champion was John L
Sullivan and it started to slowly track
the immigrant path you know in the 50s a
great champion was Rocky Marciano the
Italians came a little later he came on
that wave and of course through most of
it pretty much post 1950 or so black
Americans have dominated the title they
were there all along but they were being
held out for for racial reasons but it
has had a lot to do with the emigration
and and and also just the upward
mobility of that America presents it's
just it's just different than other
countries and boxing is such a
dramatization of that is such a
dramatisation of the struggle to to
improve yourself and that most fighters
as you know come from very poor
backgrounds yeah you didn't you
mentioned the fact that black guys once
they were allowed into the sport they
really did start to dominate it and Jill
Lewis is kind of you know everybody
thinks of Muhammad Ali because they
remember him but Jill Lewis shot a hero
of this book and one of the great heroes
really of American sport I mean can you
can you tell people who just don't
remember this time what it was about
Jill Lewis that changed so much
sure Joe Lewis became champion in the
late 1930s and when he became champion
there had only been one other black
heavyweight champion guy named Jack
Johnson some people might remember him
Ken Burns made a documentary about him
but he was the most played the great
white hope right there that's right
that's right with James Earl Jones as
well probably the most hated man in
America during those years it was a very
different racial climate and Johnson was
a very defiant man he rankled white
norms very bravely but perhaps not very
advisedly so it was a long time between
but before whites were even willing to
give a black fight or a chance again at
this title that meant so much to people
Joe Lewis came along that gave him that
chance he became champion and he was
champion for well over a decade he went
through the war years he his most
high-profile fight was against a German
named Max Schmeling who was it had been
adopted by the Nazi regime in Germany
and you know the master race and all
that business he managed to
rally Americans black and white to his
side and by the time he retired there
were whites in the crowds rooting for
him against white opponents which would
have been unheard of before and I think
that he is overlooked today because
people think of Jackie Robinson and
integrating baseball and Jackie Robinson
deserves all the credit he gets but Joe
Lewis was alone he was just working
alone out there in this with this great
title ten years before Jackie Robinson
took the field for the Brooklyn Dodgers
and and the fact that he went up against
Melling I mean the representative of the
so-called master race and United
Americans behind him a means of it's a
very moving story I mean shmatte he is
that the fight where Lewis said in the
ring you can run but you can't hide is
that where that quote comes from she
said that about a different opponent but
it's it's fine it could be Lee comes
along and Ally you know when they were
recently you know doing his obit and
paying tribute to him
everybody mentions the fact that he lost
several good years to the Vietnam War
and to his anti-war was his anti-war
stance but you take a very different
interpretation of that yeah I mean you
you look at this and you really see a
very sinister presence behind the ally
championship yeah and I'm not alone in
this I mean one of the things about the
ally the ally literature and it is a
literature at this point I mean it's the
hundreds and hundreds of books is that
you start poking around in this there
are pages that start to flash red and
what most of them have to do with is the
the level of intimidation and control
that the Nation of Islam which he joined
and when he changed his name from
Cassius Clay which they held which they
had over him everyone most people know
their association with the assassination
of Malcolm X a lot of people don't know
that Ali was very close to Malcolm X and
he was ordered to break off the
friendship by Elijah Muhammad and not
long after that Malcolm X you know
wasn't in this world there was there are
people who knew ollie very well who
heard him express his fears in a the
wall street journal piece I ruined I
quoted a guy named Dave kindred who
covered Allie for four decades in
Louisville said that Ollie told him
point-blank in the 70s I would have
gotten out of this
years ago but I'm not going to become
another Malcolm X if I try to leave the
Muslims they would shoot me too
and that's the quote so it sheds light
on what happened when he made this
decision not to go into the draft and I
just you know my interpretation of that
and others is that this was not his
decision to make and I think what people
confuse about it is that subsequently he
became a great anti-war spokesman he's
one of the most charismatic people that
probably ever lived right so he did a
great job at it but I think people
confuse that with the idea that this was
actually his choice I argue that it is
not Wow but it was not cool you know
there's something recently they had that
kind of gimmicky match between
Mayweather and I forget the other guy's
name
McGregor Mahan emigres and it says it's
a boxer and an MMA fighter and of course
MMA has kind of replaced mixed martial
arts have kind of replaced boxing in the
popular imagination is there something
is there say something about the image
of manhood in America I mean I know this
is a big question but still there is
something about a boxer that is
scientific and controlled and something
about an MMA guy that always comes
across as a little bit vicious and and
just wildly painful is there it is this
is this does this say something about
American manhood at this moment I think
the showmanship of MMA and the marketing
of MMA taps into the idea that that the
way to get people's attention these days
is with with a certain level of
sensationalism and in the old days even
even the pace of that sport being fat
you know having a guy sit down so much
chest a little it's a little different
than a boxing match which can be very
scientific and being very gradual the
way it unfolds and I think the older
boxers before Ollie exhibited a kind of
manly stoicism they would you know the
ollie is the guy who brought in all the
flash and dash and the bragging and all
that business that stuff that stuff
didn't go on before before him and
boxers had a kind of dignity to them Joe
Lewis exemplified it but he wasn't the
only one so I see MMA is very
symbolic of that I mean that's the way
they've gotten the younger audiences
attention and I'm not denigrating the
fighters because I think fighters who
have any sport you know I've got nothing
bad to say about them I'm not a big fan
of MMA myself yeah yeah the last this
we're talking about Paul besson's book
the boxing Kings when American
heavyweights ruled the ring I've read it
it is really good it's beautifully
written and just very evocative of a
time gone by the one thing that I've
often often do think when I watch boxing
now is every everything has gotten
better every every baseball player is
bigger stronger you know sometimes it's
drugs but sometimes it's just training
that's the way you know we've gotten
more scientific about training when you
look at the way like even movie stars
when they take off their shirts now they
look like they've been photoshopped they
don't look like you know people who look
like an ordinary human being but the one
thing that hasn't changed is the human
head it's just as soft as it ever was
and sometimes now when I see a guy get
punched in the ring I immediately think
call the fight because the guys are so
big and muscular
I guess the question I want to ask is
can boxing come back and it make a
comeback and should it make a comeback
or is it from a time they should remain
in the past well the second part of that
question I I think boxing history shows
that if you try to ban it and make it
illegal it will go underground and
that's that's the history that it had of
being fought on barges and out out in
the country and and it's gonna happen
there's something about us as human
beings there's something primal about
the contest of two men and and seeing
who's who's best and I think that will
that would happen so I think it's best
to keep it legal keep it as safe as
possible and I also think you know I
still think there are merits in the
sport about individual distinction and
and you know these kind of struggles
that these guys have but obviously the
head trauma issue is a very serious one
there isn't much you can do with it in
terms of boxing and of course football
is facing that as well but I think for
in America the only thing that could
really bring boxing back in a regular
kind of way the prominence at once had
would be if an American heavyweight came
along that captured that kind of
attention the way Mike Tyson did or
these other guys who I write about yeah
I think you know when you when you have
Russian fighters Ukrainian fighters and
that I mean you know all again nothing
against them but Americans obviously
didn't care very much about it right
right it makes a lot of sense
Paul best in the author of the boxing
kings when American heavyweights ruled
the ring a terrific sports book but also
a terrific book about America Paul
thanks for coming on I hope to talk to
you again
thanks so much sure all right take care
ocular but really really interesting you
know I have to say there is I've talked
about this before that leftism is like a
zombie virus that it comes in two
respected institutions takes them over
and then the institution's keeps walking
like a zombie and demanding the respect
of its former self but is not is now
just a vehicle of leftism the new york
times i always call it a former
newspaper that's why the new york times
I mean conservatives always railed
against the New York Times but it
actually used to be a fairly fair
newspaper now it's a sophomoric leftist
rag basically and yet it still demands
the respect of the New York Times so
it's like this zombie New York Times
demanding the disrespect the respect of
human New York Times Yale University's
you know Ivy League universities you
know get taken over and Hollywood you
know you used to go to the movies and
they didn't tell you how you should vote
Democrat now they insult everybody who
doesn't doesn't like their candidate but
Miss America there's a new Miss America
I don't know who North Dakota is on my
someone she's she's pretty up there
lovely girls and all this but they have
always had this thing where they asked
these girls a serious question which I
don't know why I mean I'm not sure why
that's part of the thing but I guess
it's supposed to elevate the contest so
they ask these girls I just put together
a very quick montage of the questions
this year as leftism eats into this
contest and empties it of its soul so
that no one will care who is Miss
America very shortly listen to the just
the questions strung together there are
multiple investigations into whether
Trump's campaign colluded with Russia on
the election well did they your the jury
guilty or innocent and please explain
your verdict last month a demonstration
of neo-nazis white supremacist and the
KKK
in Charlottesville Virginia turned
violent and a counter protester was
killed the president said there was
shared blame with quote very fine people
on both sides were there tell me yes or
no and explained 195 countries signed
the Paris agreement in which each
country sets non-binding goals to reduce
manmade climate change the u.s. is
withdrawing from the agreement citing
negligible environmental effects and
negative economic impact good decision
that decision which is it and why in
order to be Miss America you have to
have a charming face a lovely figure a
beautiful smile and hate Donald Trump I
mean it's basically and then they're
gonna wonder your wire why are the
readings dropping what's what's going on
you know it's like you have the NFL why
are the ratings dropping it was like the
Hollywood how come we had such a bad
summer it's like because you hate us and
guess what we hate you right back that's
the way it works
all right sexual follies
so campus rape okay and and I don't mean
to make any jokes about rapist it's one
of the it's the second most heinous
crime there is and it's a heinous crime
for the simple reason that it takes away
a person's right to make decisions the
most personal intimate decisions she can
make and it is an offense against the
soul it's an actual soul actual crime a
soul crime but Barack Obama issued a
Dear Colleague letter to universities
any University that took any money at
all from the federal government which
includes student loans by the way so
that leaves basically Hillsdale College
is the only College in the country that
is immune from bullying from the federal
government and Obama sent out this Dear
Colleague letter saying you know you
have got to take care of sexual
harassment and you have to you have to
give a right to an appeal to not just to
the person who was accused but to the
accuser on and on basically set up this
kangaroo courts where a boy if he was
accused of rape his career was over and
he had to get a lawyer at to sue if he
was going to reestablish himself it's a
terrible thing I mean to be accused of
rape is or even just sexual harassment
it's a terrible thing to happen to a
young man and you know people why people
people sexually harassed and people lie
so those are things that people do and
you have to have a court a court of law
to determine which is happening in any
given situation right that's reality
that's real realism so Betsy DeVos who
is one of the best members of the Trump
administration she's the education lady
she rescinded the letter basically
saying come on you know let's these
people have right to due process that's
a constitutional right due process that
means when you get accused of what is a
crime like rape or even sexual
harassment you have a right to a trial
you have a right to go before a judge in
a jury and I'll have all the protections
that that provides not some kangaroo
court okay so I want to just read two
things the New York Times a former
newspaper has one thing that I really
like it has a thing called right left or
left right or whatever it's called
where they just give you a very quick
rundown of the reactions to something
from the right and the left basically
and they and they go to good people
intelligent people and get there
comments and and talk about what they
said I just wanted to give you the
difference between how the right reacts
to something and how the left reacts and
this is chosen by the New York Times so
it's not me right this is the New York
Times a former newspaper one of the
biggest leftist rags in the country
choosing right and left opinions so
first is from the right David French in
National Review our campuses are not
exempt from the Constitution there's no
excuse for government-mandated kangaroo
Court courts in any part of American
life especially in America's
institutions of higher learning a show
in the Federalist if today's activists
think due process is so terrible what
would stop them from working to remove
it from our courts in other words if you
remove it from the universities why
wouldn't you then move on to remove it
from the courts so that if you're
accused of rape you don't have the right
to a fair trial Carole Markovitz in the
New York Post in a few cases the accused
may actually be guilty but gets off
because his rights were violated by his
school why even have schools get
involved in criminal matters in the
first place
all of these careful measured
intelligent things dealing with the law
dealing with people's rights dealing
with all the things that hold America up
and make America what it is which is not
letting in illegal immigrants it's
actually this it's actually the rule of
law now listen but stuff from the left
okay
Lucia graves in the garden Guardian the
sexually accused are overwhelmingly male
overwhelmingly white and presumably
entitled in other words they are Trump's
core constituency to a tea which has to
do with what with nothing and by the way
they're like 57% of them are white so
fit you know it's a little bit more it's
like absolutely you know absolutely
meaningless Ruth Marcus in the
Washington Post this is actually a smart
one it says the proof will be in the
details of what the Trump administration
produces still you don't have to be a
divorce like conservative to have
serious qualms about the existing
approach and to bristle at the dismissal
of such concerns all right totally
reasonable Kristina cutter Ruchi in
Slate the chilling effect the de Vos
Department of Education will have on
sexual assault reports will certainly
please Trump but his larger goal is to
send a message to women that the
government is not on their side
I mean weights blithering nonsense so
let me end with what I think is the
voice of common sense which is a column
that was in The Wall Street Journal
today by Jennifer versus Eris a lawyer
is called straight talk for college
women it says dear female female members
of the class of 2021 if you follow the
news you've probably heard that one in
four of you will be sexually assaulted
on campus before graduation don't panic
your parents did not just drop you in
your belongings in a crime zone claims
of a campus rape crisis are wildly
inflated and a little common sense will
go a long way toward keeping you safe
the assertion that nearly a quarter of
all college women are sexually assaulted
is based on surveys that ask vaguely
worded questions about behavior ranging
from an unexpected kiss to rape in
analyzing the responses those who lump
all such content conduct into a
catch-all category of sexual assault
deliberately create a false impression
in order to promote their view of the
campus as a rape culture the truth is
you are far less likely to be raped than
women your age who are not in college
the Justice Department estimates
approximately one in fifty-three college
women will be victims of rape or sexual
assault and unacceptable number but
hardly and a Pepa demmick many have
instituted many colleges she says of
instituted mandatory training sessions
aimed at changing cultural attitudes
about sex and rape and making sure
students are aware of college resources
for addressing misconduct but while such
responsive responses make placate gender
activists and insulate colleges from
legal liability they do little to keep
you safe or punish criminal offenders
why because the college is looking out
for itself they don't want a lot of
stories about how they have raised so
she gives you some advice and she says
she says that academics and college
administrators today operate under the
assumption that alcohol infused sex
between virtual strangers is a matter of
private choice he's talking about hookup
culture they fear that any warnings to
avoid such risk fraught encounters will
be lambaste it is old-fashioned or worse
judgmental and they live in fear that if
they tell the truth about alcohol and
hookup culture they will be accused of
blaming the victim so they refused to
give you the following advice do not get
drunk and go home with someone
you don't know I mean every time you say
this little men can get drunk and you
know that's right that's right they can
you can't it's just too bad right their
safety numbers go out if you're going
out for a night of revelry stay with
friends reject the hookup culture sex
without trust and commitment often ends
poorly it may sound old-fashioned but
it's really common sense if you don't
know someone well and you are unsure
whether you can trust him is it really a
smart idea to be alone with him in a
state of partial undress be
self-confident enough to say it's okay
to meet a guy around the keg or at the
pong table but hold out for a real date
you deserve it
buyer beware if you do decide to
participate in the hook-up culture go in
with your eyes open promises made in the
heat of passion are meaningless suitors
will promise the moon to get you into
bed I mean this is just logic rational
advice be clear about what you want if
you don't want to do something say so
clearly you're an adult and you can't
expect people to just know what you want
and if you are assaulted of course seek
immediate help you know the funny thing
about this advice is a mother in the
1950s would have given it what has
happened is that the voice of reality
the voice of common sense has been
drowned out by the left the left is the
enemy of reality we were talking about
this a little yesterday that freedom is
based on truth honesty reality
hard-nosed looks at the facts and all
this smelling of emotion oh I lost the
presidency and I had to clean out my
closet so you know I this oh you know
doc has been rescinded and it's cruel
all this appeal to emotion and it's not
like the motion isn't important in your
life and living life and all this stuff
but all of this appeal to emotion isn't
really an assault on realism it's an
assault on reality women can protect
themselves that the campuses are not hot
beds of rape
they are hotbeds of hookup culture which
is just bad for women it is bad for
women
all right the mailbag tomorrow subscribe
and get your questions in ask anything
you want all the answers we'll be right
let's change your life I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show we'll see
you then
