I totally agree we have to break it I
don't dislike the idea of a filibuster
but the way that it's been abused by
Democrats for so long and the way that
the government has been abused by
Democrats it seems to me a an unnatural
step and it's surprising that McConnell
won't do it well
they like their prerogative and they
worry about being in the minority again
and that's what looms over their heads
no senator wants to give up a filibuster
but the problem is the Constitution
allows the Senate to create its own
rules
true but the filibuster is not
constitutionally required mandate I
don't remember that provision of the
Constitution right precisely
now it's also said and people will say
in praise of the filibuster or in
justification well you know the Senate
is supposed to be a great deliberative
body to which I respond absolutely and
guess what over the most of the 20th
century and into the 21st we have asked
the federal government to do vastly more
than its original portfolio so that we
were never meant by the framers to be
waiting on the Senate to reach consensus
about matters that have to do with how
citizens conduct their lives namely
pensions and benefits in particular
housing and education since the 17th
amendment since the popular election of
senators it appears that the
deliberation of that body is the
deliberative nature of it has been
dramatically weakened well it's it's we
have and we've expanded that you know my
biggest concern is it was for many in
the last election was the composition of
the Supreme Court and Justice Scalia's
death was a blow I mean it was like a
punch to the gut so that also of course
emphasizes to all of us what can happen
when our side is in the minority and we
like to have that filibuster power if
you will - you know forestall
that we would find trouble I'd like the
elevation of a Supreme Court justice
whose opinion perfectly on the Commerce
Clause was different from Justice
Scalia's this would have been the case
had McConnell not used the filibuster
right to block the nomination but he had
to break the filibuster to elevate
justice course it should at this point
this is this is like football in two
ways number one Chuck Schumer's like
Lucy he you know he issues the
sanctimonious twaddle about how of
course now we have to compromise the
intones and only you know there's no
intention right he's gonna keep moving
that football and Mitch McConnell is
Charlie Brown but the other way it's
like football is that we have to say at
this point you know what we've got to
play this quarter because we may not
have a game after this and if they don't
break the filibuster on cloture on
legislation they're never gonna reach a
package that will have enough fiscally
conservative reforms that we really do
need and I'm a partisan and that way a
damn it we need Republicans to pass this
thing I don't want to exclude Democrats
but I don't want them to obstruct we're
never gonna get there unless they break
the filibuster legislation and to mix
metaphors as much as we possibly can you
bring up a point that I really admire
you for I really admire the way you've
conducted yourself from the last from
this last presidential election onward
which is that you have to play the hand
you're dealt you have to play the cards
in front of you politics is not about
imagining how lovely it would be if
something else had happened or if we
lived in a different universe where
Donald Trump were polite and nice and
behaved himself at cocktail parties or
that some that Jim Gilmore were the
nominee of the Republican Party you have
dealt in Rio or mitch Daniels for I mean
you and I you turned me on to mitch
Daniels we spent a long time trying to
get that guy to run but you know I've
spent long enough imagining what it
would be like to have that guy run for
office and you supported Donald Trump
you perhaps the most intelligent and
educated member of your class in
Congress and possibly in DC period you
know I really admire this because you
come from circles that would be
considered educated elite intelligent
socially refined and you put your
political goals and the political good
of the country
before your own image in your own sense
of associating with a man who many
consider uncouth well and in know
Michael we've talked about it but
President Trump
represented to me by far the better
alternative for all of us and he is
someone who has acknowledged the advice
and counseled people like Larry Kudlow
and Steve Moore and art Laffer and David
Malpass all of whom have the best ideas
on how to move us forward in terms of
fiscal policy I know they're not the
only voices the president has heard but
but I know this quite firmly Hillary
Clinton would have given them no
credence and you know it if it's a
matter of aesthetics the president is
blunt
he's forthright and he sometimes says
things that others might with
justification find objectable for one
objectionable for one or another reason
but we don't elect a president based on
aesthetics we may sit and look at how he
has performed with FEMA with all the
people who he and his administration put
into place to manage these two
back-to-back enormous natural disasters
and he's got nothing but praise for it
when he's gone overseas and he's talked
with our allies they have welcomed him
this is a man who understands far more
than he's given credit for and you know
Michael I am I have run out of patience
with and you and I both know the elites
of which we speak you're exactly right
the the Ivy League elites in particular
and I'm on the Princeton University
politics department Advisory Council I
think now he's gonna receive my diploma
at
I know how I stand with them anymore but
it's nice that you that you they haven't
totally kicked you out of the
Association we did have a raft of work
that we did and then it was kind of done
for a while but typically you know what
I did I joined I appreciate it and I
think you know there's some terrific
people working there including our
chairman but at our meeting in October
before in 16 before the election we had
a discussion after formal business was
concluded about for whom we would vote
for president and I'm not the only
Republican on this committee but I was
certainly the only one who said well I'm
going to vote for Donald Trump you were
the only one you were the only even
among Republicans Michael far and away I
mean I was sales well Michael as you
know those whom we brush if you will you
know who do we give the designation
establishment Republicans have at least
as much disdain or had at least as much
disdain for the prospective Trump voter
as did Democrats absolutely right that's
absolutely
