NFL football is back and many football
players are protesting something or
other by showing disrespect for the
American flag Colin flapper jack or
whatever his name used to be is still
refusing to stand up for the national
anthem though he can now refuse in the
comfort of his own sofa since no one
will hire him to play since he refuses
to stand up for the national anthem also
it may have something to do with the
fact that his girlfriend issued some
loony manifesto demanding that white
people give all their property to black
people maybe someone should explain to
her that whether you're white or black
people only give you stuff when you do a
little something called work which by
the way doesn't include issuing loony
manifestos anyway despite the fact that
football players are paid millions of
dollars to throw a ball around and knock
each other down which let's face it is
what most guys wish they were doing most
of the time many players still feel the
need to dishonor the flag by refusing to
stand up during the national anthem this
is a protest against something but I
don't care what because they're
dishonouring the flag by refusing to
stand up during the national anthem now
don't get me wrong each and every one of
these millionaire men has the right to
dishonour the flag for the simple reason
that other men who mostly weren't
millionaires fought and died to protect
the flag call me a crazy jingoist hyper
patriot but that right there seems like
a good reason to honor the flag since it
seems possible to me that each of the
men who fought and died protecting the
flag might have preferred to not die but
instead to be a millionaire throwing a
ball around or even a thousandaire
taking a quiet walk with his wife from
time to time but instead they died
trying to make sure that that flag would
still be there so millionaire football
players would have the right to
dishonour it by not standing up for the
national anthem to protest something but
who cares what the National Football
League is not entirely happy that some
of the young men they've turned into
millionaires are dishonoring the flag by
refusing to stand for the national
anthem
because oddly enough some of the people
who used to enjoy watching football and
going to football games don't enjoy it
so much when it dishonours a flag for
which their sons were the sons of people
they know or the sons of people they've
never met
have fought and died now me personally I
love football and I know our country is
not perfect because it has people in it
and whenever you let those idiots in
perfection goes out the window
and I recognize a millionaires right to
protest something or other who cares
what but here's a pro tip for football
players
stand up for your flag because you have
the right not to and it was bought at a
price knuckleheads trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
