the situation in North Korea has grown
even more dire than the last time it
grew more dire and maybe less dire than
the next time it grows more dire when it
will be even more dire than now when
it's already really dire news came over
the weekend that fat crazy North Korean
fat crazy man Kim dum fudge has either
set off a hydrogen bomb or a helium
balloon he always gets those two
confused depending on which it was Kim
too fat is now in a position either to
wipe out the entire west coast of the
United States or hold the children's
birthday party if you can find a clown
who's willing to work for him after he
had the last one tortured to death
winsome Lee attractive ambassador to the
United Nations nikki Haley reacted
strongly to the news in a speech to the
Security Council the alluring brunette
said quote listen to me you quivering
tubs of useless lard I'm so sick of
looking at your flabby faces staring
back at me with glazed incomprehension
every time this skull-crushing lunatic
blow something up if I don't get some
action out of you I'm going to take my
shoe off and go around the room
hammering my high heel into your stupid
foreheads one by one unquote moved by
the smoking hot ambassadors vaguely
arousing rhetoric the Security Council
immediately reacted by unanimously
passing a resolution demanding more
diplomatic parking spaces near their
favorite Manhattan massage parlor saying
they couldn't concentrate on their happy
endings for fear their clit modes were
going to get towed adorable ambassador
Haley hailed the resolution as quote a
major step toward putting these UN
ignoramuses out of work where they
belong so New York can finally use this
expensive piece of real estate for
something worthwhile and I can do
something more pleasant and productive
with my life like sticking a nail in my
ear unquote Secretary of Defense Jim
mattis also reacted to Kim Bloomie's
threat telling reporters quote if that
fatty pack so much as moves a finger
toward the button there'll be nothing
left of them but a radioactive mound of
fat cells and maybe that stupid hair of
his which looks like it might actually
survive a nuclear blast but anyway we're
sure as hell going to find out unquote
meanwhile a panel of experts gathered to
announce that their differing and in
had gotten us into this situation in the
first place and they strongly
recommended that there be more differing
and inaction so that the situation could
slowly get worse
president Trump meanwhile is considering
ordering a nuclear strike the whether it
will be on North Korea the UN or the
panel of experts is still unclear
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show I wish
that's the way the news really was from
North Korea bunch of useless people
doing nothing all right dr. Sebastian
Gorka is with us to discuss why he left
the Trump administration plus its
mailbag day yeah how yeah how all your
problems will be solved and to let just
make sure you get to see dr. Gork oh
we're gonna stay on Facebook and YouTube
but that doesn't mean you have no moral
obligation to subscribe in fact it
deepens your moral obligation to
subscribe because we're giving you stuff
when you should really be paying a lousy
10 bucks a month and if you pay the
lousy 10 bucks a month you get to ask
all the questions as you will here we
will solve people's problems our answers
are guaranteed a hundred percent correct
and will change your life on occasion
for the better if you subscribe for the
year that have been lousy hundred bucks
leftist ears tumblr come on
it's the leftist stickers tumblr it
comes complete with leftist tiers and
automatically refills every time Donald
Trump makes a speech and just even if
you don't subscribe we're gonna give you
some free food that's just the kind of
show we are because we support blue
apron and blue apron blue apron is a
service that will send excellent gourmet
meals to your door and then you home
cook them that's it show it gives you
the the ingredients fully measured fully
you know diced out gives you those very
simple instructions and you
make restaurant level meals in your
house it's the kind of thing that you
don't ordinarily find yourself cooking
at home like the upcoming meals our
summer vegetable and egg paninis with
Calabrian chili mayonnaise and caprese
salad I know you make that at your house
at Austin but yeah yeah uh-huh
so I glazed pork and rice cakes with bok
choy and marinated green beans skillet
vegetable chili with cornmeal and
cheddar drop biscuits garlic butter
shrimp and corn with green bean salad
and roasted purple tomatoes I mean this
is stuff obviously you know it comes
with great ingredients from up for 150
local farms fisheries and ranchers
across the United States so it's like I
said it's not the sort of thing you
usually cook at home but the way they do
it you can cook it it's affordable it's
less than ten dollars per person per
meal you get to spend some time with
your family cooking and it's got a lot
of variety they change the recipes each
week or you can let blue aprons culinary
team surprise you with whatever they are
ready to send it's easy each meal comes
with step-by-step easy-to-follow recipe
card and pre-portioned ingredients and
can usually be prepared in 40 minutes or
less check out this week's menu and get
your first three meals free right I told
you free food
I mean how simple is this simple we're
giving you free food take the free phone
it's fine you get free shipping by going
to blue apron calm slash Andrew you will
love how good it feels and tastes to
create incredible home-cooked meals with
blue apron
don't wait blue apron calm slash Andrew
blue apron it is a better way to cook
and also to eat so we have a terrible
category 5 storm front of hypocrisy lies
and BS heading toward America in the
wake of Donald Trump's getting you know
declaring that Dhaka the deferred what
is it the deferred something-or-other
thing I forget but anyway it's the thing
that said that illegals could stay here
if they had been brought come over if
they had come over I think but at the
age of 16 and we're no older than 31 or
36 physical
deferred action for childhood arrivals
so he said in six months this thing is
gone and Congress has got to do
something about it so get cracking
basically and every oh my god the the
reaction first of all the first guy who
kind of went against Trump was Trump
himself this is the problem with
supporting like I really think this is
the right thing to do it was wrong of
Obama to put this thing in action
but Trump tweets out but he says he says
Congress now has six months to legalize
daca something the Obama administration
was unable to do and if they can't I
will revisit this issue that's hardly
the biggest threat in the world you know
like I will revisit I will revisit this
issue it's like he himself is against so
you know and he says you know this is
something people keep saying he promised
to get rid of daca this was a big
campaign promise but even during the
campaign he was kind of mealy-mouthed
about it he was saying oh we'll work
with them they have to go but we'll work
with them and now he's just saying he
loves love's loves them that we've got
the Trump cut yeah I cut number one well
I have a great heart
folks we're talking about a great love
and people think in terms of children
but they're really young adults I have a
love for these people and hopefully now
Congress will be able to help them and
do it properly and I can tell you and
speaking the members of Congress they
want to be able to do something and do
it right and really we have no choice we
have to be able to do something and I
think it's going to work out very well
and long term so basically he's saying
this is Congress's job to pass laws pass
a law or shut up basically and even Paul
Ryan Paul Ryan started out oath is the
wrong thing to do it was like this is
the right thing to do like it's whatever
people want that's what I'm saying now
at Paul Ryan I'm Paul Ryan and whatever
you like that's who I am level of
government you know government and the
news has become so stupid
lately I mean let's let's look at this
for a minute Oh Barack Obama remember
him he wasn't he was he was somebody
once right you said yeah he used to do
something it's hard to remember what he
did because his legacy is now a smoking
a sheep on the garbage dump of history
you know so it's hard to remember what
it
exactly the parabola did for a living
but now he comes he unleashes he
unleashes on Facebook on Trump listen to
this to target these young people is
wrong because they have done nothing
wrong
it is self-defeating because they want
to start new businesses staff our labs
serve in our military and otherwise
contribute to the country we love and it
is cruel it is cruel what if our kids
science teacher or our friendly neighbor
turns out to be a dreamer let's be clear
clear the action today isn't required
legally it's a political decision and a
moral question but I just want to
remember history I oh that's me wait I
want to say it's he says this is a
political decision but it's a moral
question but I me Clavin I just put a
note underneath it let's remember how
Barack Obama played this ok let's talk
about politics for a minute
here's Barack Obama in 2005 when he
still hasn't learned that he can do
anything he wants and gets away and get
away with it here he is knowing that the
country is sick and tired of having
people pour over their borders having
the rule of law Scott that having people
just swarm in criminals sometimes coming
in with no government doing absolutely
nothing
here's Barack Obama in 2005 this is cut
for we all agree on the need to better
secure the border and the punish
employers who choose to hire illegal
immigrants you know we are a generous
and welcoming people here in the United
States but those who enter the country
illegally and those who employ them
disrespect the rule of law and they are
showing disregard for those who are
following the law we simply cannot allow
people to pour into the United States
undetected undocumented unchecked and
circumventing the line of people who are
waiting patiently diligently and
lawfully to become immigrants in this
country suddenly he was he's making a
distinction between illegal immigrants
people who come in illegally which is
against the law that's why they call it
illegal immigrants and people who come
in Legally who are called immigrants who
we always welcome in this country and
have since it began okay so he's making
a distinction there okay now it's 2011
election re-election time is coming up
suddenly he's being shouted out by
Latinos and he realizes this is a big
part of the leftist policies bring these
guys in so that they vote Democrats and
all of a sudden he says he's saying to
them the shouting at him every time he
makes makes a speech let us say in
listen you're the president right the
president passes laws no no no Barack
Obama mister Constitution explains dr.
Constitution explains that he just can't
do that sometimes when I talk to
immigration advocates you know they wish
I could just bypass Congress and change
the law myself but that's not how
democracy works so he can't do it he
said this he must have said this 20
times he cannot give people amnesty just
by executive order that's not how
democracy works it's not Constitution
I'm trying to restore the rule of law
then it's 2012 okay then he's running
for re-election and he comes up with the
guy was a master politician I mean when
I go back and look at some of Obama's
tapes he was a master politician he
knows that there is a strong
anti-illegal immigration contingent on
in the Republican Party and he knows
that if he finds the right people people
who were brought over it was no fault of
their own they came over without their
parents they're under 16 whatever you
know and they're in their legal a lot of
there's about 800,000 of them they're
legal they have a job they haven't done
anything wrong
if he if he does an executive order
giving them essentially amnesty for two
years the Republican base is gonna start
screaming
putting the Republican politicians in a
position where they have to say no we
reject these children we cast them out
into the exterior darkness where there
is great weeping and gnashing of teeth
we are cold-hearted Republicans he's
setting them up it was a beautiful setup
but even so he knew he couldn't do it
because it was an unpopular move to do
it by executive order so he assured
everybody this is now we're talking 2012
he assured everybody that it was
just a temporary measure let's be clear
this is not amnesty this is not immunity
this is not a path to citizenship it's
not a permanent fix this is a temporary
stopgap measure that lets us focus our
resources wisely while giving a degree
of relief and hope to talented driven
patriotic young people it is the it is
the right thing to do excuse me sir
ah it's not time for questions sir not
while I'm speaking precisely because
this is temporary Congress needs to act
there's still time for Congress to pass
the DREAM Act this year because these
kids deserve to plan their lives in more
than two year increments and we still
need to pass comprehensive immigration
reform that addresses our 21st century
economic and security needs
okay so that was Ferraro heroin I can
never remember the guy's name cuz you
know now that his legacy is just like a
sort of wisp of smoke blowing away on
the winds of Donald Trump it's hard to
remember what the name of our last
president even was but now he seems
temporary temporary temporary stopgap
measure temporary temporary now Trump
gets rid of it and says Congress has got
to pass a law and now Obama writes
ultimately this is about basic decency
this is about whether we are a people
who kick hopeful young strivers out of
America or whether we treat them the way
we'd want our own kids to be treated
it's about who we are as a people
and who we want to be so close from a
stopgap measure to the very measure of
who we are as a people as a temporary
thing suddenly it's who we are as a
people
I mean Democrat voters every get tired
of being played do they ever get tired
of being emotionally you know battered
around with this kind of garbage and
this hypocrisy and accusing Donald Trump
being political when Trump is just
stumbled into this bhai because the
polls show that while people were
against the way Obama did this nobody
wants to throw people out of the country
I mean that people are doing a job there
have one of them to have a path to
citizenship basically obviously more on
the left and on the right but still even
on the right these are not the people
that they're concentrating on the
concentrating on the bad guys would
creep in and we don't have any control
over I mean well I'll go on in this in a
minute but first I have to just point
out the fact that while I'm saying this
to you not only is every word I'm saying
the absolute truth but my teeth look
fantastic
have you noticed that you were probably
so dazzled by the truth of what I was
saying that you didn't notice those
teeth it's it's not what he's saying
it's the teeth of course it is because
the reason is I use an electric
toothbrush an electric toothbrush this I
the lady who cleans my teeth told me
this will take the stain off your teeth
better than anything else but the
problem is they're so huge and that is
why there's quip quip is it's a new
company it's got an electric toothbrush
that looks like it was designed by Steve
Jobs basically it's sleek it is it's
really sleek beautiful it's really it's
much cheaper than the bigger ones you
can put it in your Dopp kit when you go
and travel with it and so you don't have
to suddenly brush with your hands and
really and an electric toothbrush just
works better and you can even subscribe
with quip you can receive new brush
heads on the dentist recommended three
month plan for just five bucks including
free shipping I actually do this I who
cannot even remember where I left like
my shoes actually do subscribe and get
new brushes every three months cuz
that's what the dentist told me to do
this was one of Time Magazine's best
inventions of 2000 2016 they won a 2016
Juke GQ grooming award and qyp starts at
just 25 bucks right now go to get quip
dot-com slash Clavin I was just about to
ask you it's que la vie a n get quip
comm slash Clavin to get your first
refill pack for free with a quip
electric toothbrush that's your first
refill pack free at get quip comm slash
Clavin GE t qu IP comm slash Clavin they
really do work better than the ones you
use with your hands so Oh have we got
sebastian cord excellent let us stop
here discussing this because it's so
frustrating let
bring on dr. Sebastian Gorka I I can see
him but I can't hear him can I get his
now I've got you all right
dr. Sebastian Gorga until recently was
deputy assistant to President of the
United States Donald Trump but he left
and left it with a stinging letter that
really kind of shook me a little bit
because you have been dr. korkor welcome
it's good to see you
Cormac ambassador impact uh and you you
have been one of the most eloquent
defenders of the President and I was
very surprised when you walked out and
you not only walked out but you left a
letter saying basically that the people
who had made who had brought the make
America great agenda were being kind of
weeded out of the administration so let
me start at the beginning because some
people said that you quit some people
said you were tossed out some people
said it was something in between
what exactly happened so after the
Afghanistan speech by the President and
I commend you for your analysis of the
speech I'm catching up with my clava
made a podcast great analysis I don't
agree with it but it was a great event
after I heard that speech I realized the
writing's on the wall I was a Deputy
Assistant the president but I worked for
Steve ban and a chief strategist in his
office once he had left I was on
vacation he'd resigned the the idea that
the the maggot agenda could be pushed
forward effectively from the inside
after that speech never mentioned the
word he used again and again and again
when he addressed Congress when he
addressed the Arab world in react when
he was speaking about Western
civilization in Warsaw the fact that the
phrase radical Islamic terrorism was
deleted meant that that I considered him
effectively I requested an appointment
with a general Kelly to resign the
Friday that it leaked to the Federalists
I told him on the phone that I'm going
to resign my commission and effective
that Friday and that's how it proceeded
the day after on Saturday the president
reached out to me he thanked me for my
service he said he is staying on the
Genda the maggara agenda and he would
like me to help support his agenda from
the outside and I message back to him
absolutely that is what we Steve myself
are going to do so specifically it was
not it was it was the failure to mention
Islamic terrorism in the Afghan speech
but also the fact that you don't see a
path to victory I mean is that is that
fair to say no I it's it look the the
Afghan speech was was the final catalyst
what we'd seen in prior months is the
boxing out of people associated with the
original platform the president won on
we saw key individuals at the NSC being
fired having their security clearances
pulled or suspiciously temporarily
suspended and then you realize you know
I came here not to go on television and
just support the president but to
actually have an impact on the policy
agenda that's actually probably much
easy to do on the outside and that's
what we're going to do and and drew I
don't know how many in your audience are
hardcore mag of supporters but I'd like
you them to understand we are in it for
the long game okay this is going to be
an eight-year administration not an
eight month administration and the
president is staying on message and the
current state of affairs in the West
Wing is a temporary stay okay well that
was my next question now I mean this is
because this speaks to the fact that
Bannon left and then you went after him
it speaks to something that worries
people about Donald Trump it worries me
about Donald Trump that he has in his
nature this kind of inner democrat that
we're all afraid is going to come out
you can kind of hear it as he's talking
about the daca thing you know he sort of
oh I love these people before it was
they've got to go we'll be nice about
how they go what they've got to go so
many people cheered when he said build
the wall yeah I think people are
worrying that this inner Democrat is
going to come out with if he's
surrounded by people like his daughter I
think that scenario is a function of
lazy journalism I think that's what the
left would have you believe monica
crowley is a friend of mine and she
nailed it the weekend of the election
after
we'd won I heard her speaking in a David
Horowitz event and she said you know
everybody misunderstands the president
because they want to put him in a box
you can't put him in a box because he's
not an ideological candidate he was an
attitudinal candidate you can't he
doesn't you know this is a guy who
walked around the campaign stage giving
a speech waving the gay pride flag not
exactly a standard GOP response okay so
this is a guy who pulled out of the
Paris climate Accords like that so what
is he is he a neocon is a neoliberal is
he a Manhattan Democrat is none of those
things he's a man who wants to win you
cannot fix a lazy ideological label onto
the president he is an individual who
truly understands that America can be
great again and will be great again but
the problem right now is drew not that
he has latent Democrat tendencies he
doesn't really the problem is he's
surrounded by individuals for various
reasons we can discuss who would have
been comfortable at home in a Clinton
White House
I mean Tucker Carlson LD he said after
Steve resigned whatever you think about
Steve Annan he would not have felt at
home in a Hillary Clinton White House
yes we have people in the White House
now right we have people in the White
House now drew who would have been
cabinet members in a Hillary Clinton
White that the problem okay well that's
a fair but that's a very powerful thing
to say and obviously the president is in
charge of who's in the White House he's
the guy who makes the appointments so
does that mean that he is moving toward
his inner Clinton or is there something
there that he wants Duke is that let me
put it to you this way why is he
surrounded by people who could be in the
Clinton White House is that a strategy
or is that part of his nature to two
things number one everybody I think who
follows politics understands that what
happened on November the eighth it was
like the Wolverines in Red Door it was a
scrappy bath fund I know seriously it
was a scrappy bunch of insurgents who
happened to win against the juggernaut
that was the Soviet Union no this man
never served in politics never held a
flag officer rank in the US military
trounced sixteen establishment
candidates on the right and
a woman who'd spent 700 million dollars
for this seat that she thought was owed
to her okay
so there's like 12 of us that came into
the White House who are hardcore mega
guys and so number one it was a hostile
takeover drew hostile takeovers are not
easy secondly there's the broader
question the president has a very
interesting management style the
president is very comfortable with
unusually high levels of let's say
constructive chaos he'll he'll bring you
in if you're impressive and he doesn't
look at is there a Dior and our after
your name can you get stuff done and
he'll allow you to fight it out Duke it
out underneath him until he sees who's
really impressive but I predict for you
right now I'm not saying I'm going back
in I'm not saying Steve's going back in
there will be high ranking firings
happening before Christmas because the
president will real realize he is being
poorly served by key advisors and you
know what drew most of those people will
turn out to be the Democrats inside the
building interesting all right now Steve
Bannon goes back to Breitbart are you
going back to Breitbart - are you going
to work at Breitbart - no no I'm gonna
help Steve Steve has got lots of very
interesting projects I'm gonna assist
and work with a Breitbart team but I'm
in negotiations with several places
right now to continue to leverage my
media brand if you will and also help
embody the the maggot national security
platform outside of the government in
the private sector in the think tank
community but just stay tuned so so
Bannon says this is war
he says I'm now at war and I obviously
Steve talks like that I know that he
does but do you agree with that is this
are you going to war with some things
with someone if so with whom and what's
what's your goal in the non-kinetic
cents left CNN how suddenly has a
conniption yes we are going to war in
the policy arena in the cultural arena
in the economic arena with the
establishment this is the quintessential
anti-establishment candidate this
president was as much defined and
supported
by his anti GOP establishment stance as
his anti-clinton stance and that's the
problem the hill doesn't understand he
was only accidentally the GOP
presidential candidate he had nothing to
do with the GOP establishment writ large
as a professional political class okay
oh and I just want to ask you two more
things when what what did you think of
yesterday of the the dreamer his actions
on the dreamer or a thing I think it was
the perfect cutting of the Solomons baby
I mean he really cut through the Gordian
knot
he said the argument this is
unconstitutional you can't have
presidents just pretend to make up knorr
willy-nilly in a nation that has
actually a House of Representatives in
the Senate so okay it's unconstitutional
and it however there are some real
issues with young people who are brought
here who shouldn't be punished for the
illegal activities of their parents so
Congress let's see the separation of
powers and the checks and balances you
helped me sort out the really needy
cases from the ms-13 guys and let's work
this out together so it was really a
cutting of the Gordian knot so my final
question is the press which is basically
the left I mean the left and the press
are now indistinguishable except I think
that the press is now driving the car
they have unleashed their usual racist
racist racist rant now I know by the way
I know they have done this to you I
talked about that I did a lot of
research about that and you were really
I heard yeah well it was it was
disgusting I mean you have you really
were absolutely clean and they came
after you in a vicious vicious way now
they've gone after Trump as they always
do and and and here's here's the the
question I want to ask there have been
there has been reason to say that the
Breitbart team has allowed voices on
their site that our suspect in terms of
racism that you know guys like Milo who
I know I know he toys with it and he
does it ironically but it's still it
still even makes me kind of go you know
this is not always a that's not always a
very funny thing you whose parents went
through some of the hell of this you
understand it it racism is not a
anything dis does the press is is Trump
giving the press an opening here or is
it just the usual thing I mean is Trump
through ban and allowed them to accuse
him more fairly than he should does that
question clear yeah look just how bad is
it
can we just remind ourselves how bad it
is so you've accused the president of
being an anti-semite the left house this
is a man whose grandchildren are
Orthodox Jews okay I mean every week I'd
have rabbis come to visit me at the
White House every week to come visit me
members of the Israeli community the
American Israeli community I was invited
address synagogues in New York as a
member of the White House
Steve Bannon his best buddy was Andrew
Breitbart raised Jewish his CEO of his
company Larry soul of ears Jewish Joel
Pollak is an Orthodox Jew who's married
to a woman of color so so how is
Breitbart the platform of neo-nazis it's
it's all well yeah it's all well Ian and
I I don't know the demographic your
audience is I think yours is one of the
best podcasts in America today I can't
wait to catch up no seriously
and I just need everybody who's watching
or listening to understand I know the
President of the United States I met him
first
in 2015 I worked with him I was in the
Oval discussing big issues there is not
a racist cell in that man's body down to
the molecular level there isn't and that
the that the mainstream media persists
in this calamy is out rageous they have
jumped the shark persistently for eight
months and you know what that's why CNN
is 13th in national rankings to
positions between the cartoons at Nick
at life I mean that's the reality they
if the Washington Post wasn't a vanity
project for Jeff Bezos there would be no
back Washington Post
you know nobody buys the New York Times
outside of the Acela corridor anymore
and there's a reason why a man with his
twitter feed
has managed to pole-vault into the White
House because enough with the lies
enough with the lies
well dr. Krueger thank you I've got two
predictions out of you one this is going
to be an eight-year administration and
the other is that we can see Mogga come
roaring back I hope you'll come back and
talk about though both those predictions
when you have your new gig I will it's
it's maggot 2.0 just put your seat belts
on it
hey thanks thanks very much it's good to
talk to you very interesting all right
we're gonna we're gonna come back and
revisit those predictions mailbag so so
our first question we have a from is
from Ben Stevenson who asked you know he
says he's been watching Knowles
Knowles's new show the Michael Knowles
show and he wants to know you know who
is who is holding Knowles up I mean how
does Knowles manage to get support and
so we're bringing Knowles on for those
of you who can't see Ben Stevenson sent
us the piggyback Trump pants which Gary
Mills on his back you look like the guy
in that shorts entire Mars movie with a
baby inside the Total Recall that's like
but that is absolutely brilliant from
Ben Stevenson and Knowles it actually is
an improvement on the way you usually
look I got
thank you thank you very much I came in
and found that on my chair this morning
I almost had a heart attack
all right from the ridiculous to the
sublime ridiculous to the difficult here
this is from Zack
dear great tear gatherer of Schumer it's
a little embarrassing to say this but
I'll get it out of the way quickly I
have problems with gambling and porn
addiction do you think these issues are
much more common among younger
generation and what advice of any do you
have really serious and I'm sorry I have
to hear it I know
addiction is a awful awful thing and I
will talk about this at some length
first of all it's so much harder for
young people because you don't nobody
remembers how hard it used to be to get
your hands on porn Siri you know
seriously and and even to gamble I mean
obviously if you have an addiction you
could do it but it's just like you're
living in it's like you have a sweet
tooth and you're living in a candy store
you press any button you know I remember
when the internet first came out I was
trying to look up a word for a piece of
a part of the foot for a novel I was
writing I want to scrap a part of the
foot and I typed it in and foot porn
came out I didn't even know there was
foot born it's just so easy to get and
you press a button and you don't even
realize you crossed into the zone here's
here's what I think about addiction
every time I talk about addiction I get
a lot of really angry mail and the anger
is about the fact that I say that
addiction is not a disease addiction is
not a disease and the reason I say it's
not the reason they want to call it a
disease is because they think it
relieves you of guilt they think oh if
it's a disease you're not guilty for it
it's not a question of guilt for me it's
not a disease because you can't will
away a disease but you can bat do battle
with with an addiction an addiction is a
spiritual struggle it is a struggle
between you and let's just say a force
that wants to destroy you that's what it
is and if you understand that you are in
a fight that you're not in a disease
when you have a disease you suffer the
disease
you're not you don't suffer an addiction
you battle an addiction you do go to war
with an addiction if you understand that
this is the spiritual fight you're in
there are steps that you can begin to
take the first step and I can't
recommend this highly enough as the
first step is you should have a very
very active prayer life you should be
praying every day you should be talking
to God about who you are about the
situation you're in and asking for help
and exploring with God how this has
happened and what it is doing to your
spirit because it's crushing that you
know any addiction is crushing it's
deadening it's just a terrible thing and
it Strange's you from yourself this is
not you you know this is not you doing
this this is something that it's
happening to you that you are struggling
with it's like a disease of the will if
you want to say it that way try this try
just try it
because I have had to break certain
kinds of addictions and this is the way
this is this is something that has
worked for me so I can't promise you
it'll work for you but it has worked for
me if you were in prayer and if you are
talking to God about it figure out how
long you think you can go without
indulging in these addictions and I
would link the addictions together I
wouldn't give up one I'd give them up at
the same time but think about how long
you can go without indulging in these
and diction's maybe it's a month maybe
it's a week maybe it's an hour I don't
know what it is but you decide set a
time that's a little bit longer than
that so let's just say for discussions
sake you can go a week without indulging
in your porn addiction go for eight days
arrange this with God say you're gonna
do it when you get to the end of the
eight days make a decision the decision
is are you going to indulge in this
addiction for a day or are you going to
go into the next eight days if you're
going to indulge in it indulge in it for
a day and go on to the next eight days
at each time make that decision make it
a date
stay off at eight days whatever it is
whatever the time is a little bit longer
and see how that goes for you because if
you fight you might find that instead of
doing it eight days you go sixteen days
you might find after sixteen days you go
24 days you might find with God's help
you go 32 days and keep going and there
will come a time when the
itself will make you feel you will break
the poison you will bust the spiritual
hold it has on you and to go back to the
addiction will be worse than the
addiction while you're off it by the way
while you are during the time you're
offered pay attention pay attention to
how good it feels pay attention to the
fact that you come to know yourself
again pay attention to the fact that you
can do other things with your time and
pay attention to what things help you
when the urge comes on what things help
you stay away from the addiction I wish
you the best of luck with this let me
know what happens send it send an email
back and don't forget I mean this is one
thing Alcoholics Anonymous knows you
cannot do it alone you know it is not in
man's power to seize back his will but
with God's help you can actually do it I
swear all right from Spencer dear
supreme leader and gods right-hand
podcast host Clavin with the glowing
sparkly dome for a head that actually is
one of my business cards I actually have
it I have recently been reading the Ian
Fleming James Bond books which I rather
enjoy I enjoy them too one thing that
I've noticed is Fleming writes the
interactions between men and women
completely differently than anything I
have observed in real life and how much
difference is there between the way the
sexes interacted back then and the way
they interact back today well look first
first of all Fleming is writing a
romantic spy thriller and so James Bond
always wins with the ladies they love
him you know he's always he's always
wins it's a lot of spanking in James
Bond I always noticed a lot of feet so
he's threatening to spank his
girlfriend's which to taste do it to
taste yeah it's like you might find that
gets you a punch in the mouth you might
find somebody who likes it but that's
just Ian Flint that was in Fleming so
obviously it's a fantasy it's a male
fantasy it was never that easy there
were you know there's always there may
be people like James Bond but most of us
are not but but the one thing I have
observed is that men are now nervous
about the way they speak to women
because of feminism and I think if you
can overcome that your life will be
happier and the life the women in your
life will have a happier life as well so
there is a
real difference there was a sort of
sense that a relationship between a man
and a woman was special it was not like
one of your buddies I think most women
want to be treated like that I think
they feel embarrassed asking for it I
think it'll go really well for you if
you try it there has been that change
that women they're all there's all this
noise on television from women who say
they want to be treated just like men
those are not normal women they're not
the way most women are most women want
to be treated like women for some
strange reason maybe oh I know what it
is they're women oh so I wouldn't take
your I wouldn't take too much from the
James Bond fantasies but I also wouldn't
take too much from the feminists which
is also a fantasy from Christian dear
Andrew if you could change anything in
history what would you change I think I
would I would cancel World War one
completely unneccesary ended Europe that
would probably be no world war two
without World War one I think Europe
would still be intact basically I think
it was I think it was a culture
committing suicide now it's possible it
would have done it anyway
but it would have been interesting to
not have that horrible destruction of a
generation just wiping off one of the
greatest may I would say the greatest
culture that has ever existed on the
face of the earth and it was just a
terrible thing all right dear supreme
overlord and master of shaved heads
Clavin what do you think about the
current state of marriage and how do you
think society can solve the epidemic of
children born out of wedlock and
children whose parents are divorced this
from that I you know I spoke about this
a little bit yesterday so maybe you
should go back and look at that I think
that this is going to have to be a value
thing you know it's going to be people
look the upper classes the elites and
the upper middle class have gone back to
marriage divorce rates are plummeting
among people who are educated among
people who are have more money they know
they know the truth they know this is
the way to go this is what makes for
happy life marriage children you know
fidelity hard work they know it what
they won't do is they won't preach it
charles murray says they refuse to
preach what they practice
and I think that is what's going to have
to happen and this is also to come not
not to harp on religion but this also as
our intellectual class begins to realize
that their atheism has run out of tricks
to keep itself afloat and as our
intellectual class and our academic
class begins to come back to God I think
that you will see a revival of this I
think you are seeing a revival of it the
thing that the elites and the educated
and the upper class also do they go to
church this is one of the things they do
they go to church and they go to Temple
and they actually are religious again
but they're not preaching it and I think
we're gonna have to overcome this idea
and the main enemy in this as our old
friend the mainstream media who are just
incredibly hostile against religion
running out of time here can I do one
more let's see I can okay Andrew I've
made the very difficult decision to
leave the church I grew up in I've
noticed over the last couple of years
that it has been moving further and
further to the left supporting things
like black lives matter and
government-funded health care I've done
some research on other churches but I
wanted to ask you what denomination you
belong to and why I also wanted to know
if you had any advice on how to tell my
mostly left-wing family that I'm leaving
the church we've been a part of for
decades from Bill painful and it's
happening a lot a lot of churches losing
their way a lot of them becoming
politicized a lot of mistaking left-wing
morality for Christian morality which is
very different i but I believe that God
loves Democrats and Republicans I don't
know why but I believe he does and I
think the church should stay out of
politics except in very very very
specific cases there is nothing to say
that government doing something because
the question is who decides things right
so there's nothing to say that there is
stuff in the gospel to say you don't let
a man die in the street there's nothing
to say that government health care is
the answer which I don't think it is so
first let me answer your last question
first go to your family and say you are
really disturbed by the drift of your
church so you're left you're gonna go
talk to the pastor about it and have a
confrontation with them about it and
speak to him and discuss it with them
that will prepare them for the fact that
you leave have the discussion have it in
good will and with your pastor about
what's happening if he has no
satisfactory response then you have to
even then you just have to tell your
parents then why and why that you're
doing it and why you're doing it I was
baptized in Episcopalian because I was
my closest and oldest friend was an
Episcopalian priest and so that was kind
of the thing that I was closest to a
Mike my theology is very Catholic but I
don't believe in certain things that the
Catholics believe in so I piss Kop alien
ism is essentially Catholicism light and
that is why I've gone with it it has
become a real problem for me to my
churches are very very left-wing they
really don't care about conservatives
they despise them and so I frequently
I'll go to the home church that our God
King Jeremy boring runs and but I will
drop in on the Episcopal Church for
communion to take communion
so that I'm patching together a life I
had a church in Santa Barbara when I
lived there that was really good I was
it was the one that was attached to the
school up there the name of wishes just
slipped my mind but there's a Christian
school up there and they had a church
attached to it and cut it was called a
covenant Church I think and I really
like them really hard to find because
I'm not hardcore social conservative but
I am a conservative when it comes to
theology I am a conservative when it
comes to politics was very hard to find
a church that suits me the thing about
the Episcopal churches is all about the
liturgy so it doesn't matter what the
priest says so much as the liturgy which
reminds you that of your forgiveness in
Christ and of Christ's resurrection and
you take communion and basically I zone
out for most of the Serpent's because I
don't care what are you saying about hey
you know I I'm out of time but I want to
do a very very quick
tickety-boo news if I can do we have the
tickety-boo
yesterday I told the story about my
friend obiano Zhu Qiqi OCHA and she got
into a debate she's a very powerful
fighter against abortion and she got in
a debate with Bill Preity who is the
executive producer of The Big Bang
Theory thank you and Preity cut her off
Preity came back and apologized to her
for cutting her off and good for him
it's not that they agreed to agree they
had a long debate but he did agree that
he had called her a bigot and that she
wasn't and he apologized to her for that
and I think props to him that makes him
look really good it's because you know
you don't have to agree but you do have
to keep the conversation going and you
cannot retreat into calling people names
it is just the problem of the country is
the problem with our device divided
country it is what the press is selling
us and we shouldn't buy it so good for
Bill Preity and the Big Bang Theory for
coming back and talking to you about her
opinions again and he's unblocked or on
Twitter and that's the way to do it all
right we have Victor Davis Hanson
tomorrow good guess
come on I'll be here it will be after
that it's the clayvin this weekend so
hold on to your your hair and your hats
and whatever else you have on your head
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show I'll see you tomorrow
