well it's time for many of you to head
back to school so I thought this might
be a good moment to remind you that
college is a complete waste of time
sapping years from your life for no
reason and plunging you into debt while
giving you nothing in return in order to
do that I turn to a story from Peter
Nebraska at lone Conservative dot-com
stories called the craziest college
courses offered this year apparently
these are all real at Oberlin College
you can waste the precious moments of
your only life on earth by taking a
course called how to win a beauty
pageant race gender culture and u.s.
national identity according to the
Overland syllabus the course will
examine US beauty pageants in order to
analyze pageantry as a quote unique site
for the interplay of race gender class
sexuality and nation unquote hopefully
there'll also be some pictures of hot
chicks with big bazongas in skimpy
bathing suits so the guys will have
something to look at while they're
having unrecoverable seconds of their
existence sucked away by this useless
nothingness at the Rhode Island School
of Design you can Kareem helplessly
toward death while taking a course
called transracial bodies transracial
selves this is in the literary arts
department so you can bet the best
writers at RISD composed the syllabus
course description which reads quote the
whole rainbow of racial identification
is still construed as biologically
inescapable and inevitable but this
cultural reaction is contrary to the
everyday experience that actually finds
racial identification as a process that
is always transracial declaring
ourselves racially we all cross stricted
zones in becoming ourselves unquote Wow
you can bet when you're lying on your
deathbed you'll want the time you spend
in that class back for sure that's worth
more college you can take a class called
queering God now that may sound like
moronic or even psychopathic garbage and
a waste of your time and money but when
you go out into the real world for a job
interview queering god is what they're
gonna want to know about especially if
you're applying for a job at the
clearing god Factory here's the actual
description from the Swarthmore syllabus
so help me querying god
quote the God of the Bible and later
Jewish and Christian literature is
distinctively distinctively masculine
definitely male or Izzy if we can point
out places and traditional writings
where God is nurturing forgiving and
loving does that mean that God is
feminine or female this course examines
feminist queer writings about God
explores the tensions between feminist
and queer theology and seeks to stretch
the limits of gendering and sexing the
divine unquote as added bonuses those
who take the course will be able to
gather between lectures with the
teaching assistants in order to be
struck by lightning and consigned to the
tortures of Hell forever so as you head
back to school this autumn just remember
you only live once and this is what
you're doing with your time basically it
sucks to be you trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
you know it's already Thursday I'm
terrified of this Clavin was weekend
last last weekend we lost Texas country
is just gonna sink away but we have the
late John Nolte is with us today he's
going to explain himself and why he left
the Daily wire to go back to Breitbart
we will talk to him I had a quick
conversation with him last night but
I'll be ready to berate him here live
and in person
oh yeah I stink I've been thinking about
the mailbag yesterday we had the mailbag
was great mailbag and somebody asked the
question how do you balance work and
life and I said wake up earlier and then
I was at home last night I was thinking
that's probably not what anybody else
would have said everybody else would
take time in your day to call home you
know go right into the Clavin show it's
get out of bed you lazy son of a this is
why our mailbag actually solves your
problems instead of you know listening
giving you stupid advice that doesn't
work Nolte we're gonna stay on Facebook
and YouTube so you can watch Nolte
because he's worth watching
but normally we have to cut you off so
it's a good reason to subscribe and then
you can watch the whole thing on the
daily wired.com you can always hear
everything on the daily wire.com but if
you want to watch the video
you got to subscribe it's a lousy 10
bucks a month you get great advice like
I just gave you to get out of get your
backside out of bed instead of lolling
around like this and if you've read that
there's also we translate everything if
you subscribe subscribe it's hundred
lousy bucks and you get the leftist
tears mug which officially does not have
Stephen Crowder's name on it that's what
makes it so good
plus it comes with a full supply of
leftist tears which refills every time
Donald Trump makes a speech so here's
what I want you to do to begin the show
so it's speaking of giving you good
advice go into the mirror look look at
yourself in the mirror if you're a guy
especially go look at yourself in the
mirror I know right I mean it's a
disaster but that's because you're
dressing yourself what you want to do is
you want to go to five four because you
think oh my gosh I really can't look
like the guys and commercials like
really can't look good because it costs
too much but it doesn't with five for
what they do is each month they send you
a curated box of two to three items that
are hand pack picked to match the
current season in your style so you fill
out a form and they tell you you know
tell them what you like and then in each
season each month they give you two to
three items they've been helping people
guys do this for over 15 years they've
shipped to over a hundred thousand men
every month and they know what they're
doing
so you don't have to you get about it's
also inexpensive you got about a hundred
and twenty dollars worth of clothes for
just $60 a month you can Paul yeah I
know it's really it's a good deal you
can pause or cancel anytime and as a
five-four club member you'll also
receive up to 50% off items in their
inline online shop and access to
exclusive Members Only items free
shipping and size exchanges here's what
you do you go to five four club.com
right now and enter the promo code
Clavin which is spelled que la vie a n
they will give you 50% off your first
month's package plus a free pair of
sunglasses I gave you the I gave J a is
here today do twenty board I gave you
those songs I was really beautiful right
yeah and I gave them to him because he's
a still a flyer I have given up
Aviation's he's still a flyer they're
avery sunglasses 50% off your first
package at 5-4 Club spelled five-0 you
are club.com promo code Clavin Cleveland
5-4 club.com promo code Clavin que la
vie a in so yesterday we went off on the
press I mean I felt bad those nice those
nice people didn't depress he's a fan
art from Brian Logan the guy who
watching who was watching the show and
he's Clavin versus the leftist media and
I see he did Jim Acosta there that's
love I love the picture of the press
slobbering lizard just which is pretty
close you know I have I have a saying
and this is true because I see what some
of the comments people make especially
when I'm doing my open that I'm kidding
around and
people sending these comes why is he
laughing when everything is terrible
why is he joking around and I always say
really when you think about it properly
everything is funny except other
people's pain everything is funny except
other people's pain well happily because
we have a press there's not not
everybody feels that way our press feels
that other people's pain is is funny
they are really ready to make fun of
people who are suffering especially if
they're ordinary god-loving Americans
because they know they know that they
are so much superior to ordinary guy I
mean first first we'll take a look at
this Charlie Hebdo thing I just wanted
to put this out there they put out a
cartoon about the hurricane and now a
tropical storm in Texas it says God
exists in French and it shows Nazi flags
and new hands giving the I'll salute
sinking into the flood of Texas so
that's proof that God exists that
they're killing people that people are
dying in Texas ha ha ha this hope
they're so these leftists are so funny
you know they just you know III really I
admire their open mind because I stop
making jokes when other people are in
pain but they just they keep on going I
you have to admire but here's the one
that really got me it this is the one
where this is from political right they
they tweeted this and I really do want
to talk about this for a couple of
minutes because it's worth it they
tweeted this and then they erase that
they deleted it and it shows if you're
not watching if you're listening
it shows a Texan being rescued by a
chopper he's got a flag that says don't
tread on me he's wearing a big cowboy
hat his big fat guy wearing a
confederate flag
I don't think Texas was doesn't matter
and as the chopper is taking him away
he's shouting
angels sent by God and the rescuer
saying or actually it's the Coast Guard
sent by the government and he's on the
house rescuing somebody with a Texas
flag that says secede I think I think
this is actually a wonderful cartoon
this tells you everything you need to
know about the people who made the
cartoon this is Politico but it could be
CNN it could be the New York Times it
could be any day
one of them they are so superior to the
people who are rescuing each other
helping each other reaching out for each
other they know they know that this is a
divided country where people hate each
other because of race they know that
southerners and people who live outside
of LA and New York are terrible you know
people who hate each other and who never
a friendly outside of their own race and
their own philosophy since they're
telling jokes about people suffering let
me tell the joke about people suffering
I have a joke about people suffering
some of you may have heard this joke
before I'll tell it briefly but it's
worth telling there's a flood and a kind
of super pious self-righteous pastor is
in his house as the floodwaters rise and
as the flood waters rise a rescue some
some neighbors come by in a rowboat and
they shout to him pastor pastor getting
the rowboat and the pastor says never
mind my friends God will take care of me
the waters continue to rise and so he
climbs up to the second story and while
he's on the second story another rowboat
comes with his neighbors and they shout
pastor pastor get in the rowboat and he
says no need my friends God will take
care of me the waters continue to rise
he climbs up on the roof and a
helicopter comes over and the guys shout
from the helicopter get it your pastor
pastor climb up the Rope get in the
helicopter he says no need no need God
will take care of me
floodwaters rise the helicopter goes
away the floodwaters rise need rounds he
opens his eyes and he's at the pearly
gates and there's this enormous throne
engulfed with a ball of inconceivable
light that he can barely see through and
he the pastor turns to this ball of
light in the throne and he says father
father why did you forsake me and a
voice comes out of the ball of light
says forsake you to rowboats and the
helicopter now I know it kills the joke
to explain it but I have to point out I
have to point out that these people who
are making fun when he says when the
texan says angels sent by god the point
of that joke is that these people
helping each other in texas these
ordinary people that you guys despise so
much and i call them ordinary
because their ordinary call them
ordinary because there's so damn many of
them I call them ordinary because
they're all across America they're not
just in Texas in Louisiana they're all
in all these places everywhere these
places that you so despise and whose
president they elected the president
they elected you so despise all these
people helping each other are the face
of God see you know it's not the
government it's not anything it is the
face of God when people do this to each
other this is the image of God and they
know it that you think they're fools
because people are rescuing them instead
of some beam of light coming down but
they know because Jesus told them so
they know that there is there are two
commandments one is love God and the
other says Jesus is related to this is
love your neighbor as yourself and why
is it related because we're made in the
image of God and this is the image of
God that you're seeing and this God that
you hate you hate him so much because he
elevates the world beyond yourself and
you hate these people so much because in
what you consider their simplicity what
you consider their lack of
sophistication they're better than you
are and they're showing it every day
while you're slathering with this hate
about Donald Trump you just can't get
over the fact that you lost the damn
election you cannot get away you're just
gonna send hate at these people as
they're suffering it is amazing only the
press only Politico only the left could
could treat people like this I you know
you can always find on Twitter you can
always find some jerk saying some nasty
thing and that makes the world look like
a worse place than it actually is but
these are central places you know that
like Politico is a big website this is a
central place where this is for a moment
they revealed what you know what they're
really thinking and so the question is
is America watching are the voters
watching is this going to be a turning
point is hurricane Harvey going to be a
turning point for Trump and this
administration and for this country
which has been roiled since the election
before we answer that question we have
to talk about underwear because we
really can't talk about this question
unless we first know about underwear
that is the thing you know because it
has no meaning if you're not wearing
good underwear and me undies
sell you some of the best underwear it's
really I mean first of all it looks
really good they have all kinds of
designs go on their website you'll see
it's me undies dot-com you'll see that
they keep restoring they they'll take
you no requests and they'll create
underwear to go with it and it's like
three times softer than cotton the stuff
they use you would have been using it
for I've been using it to hike I hike
because it's so comfortable and if
you're a guy it has extra supports and
all this stuff plus it's made from some
crazy I can't remember it Austrian tree
or something that cut it naturally cuts
down on odor which is why those
Austrians can sneak up on you because
you can't smell them coming that's the
thing plus it comes with a hundred
percent satisfaction guarantee they
guarantee you will love your undies or
your money back
right now me undies has an exclusive
offer just for my listeners you get 20%
off your first pair and free shipping
and the undies is so sure you'll love
their underwear they even offer a
hundred percent satisfaction guarantee
you order a pair you don't love it you
get a full refund there's a no-brainer
to try 20% off free shipping 100%
satisfaction guarantee and they really
are incredibly comfortable and well-made
to get this 20% off in free shipping and
the guarantee and get the best and
softest underwear you'll ever own go to
me on these dot-com slash clayvin and
once again because it's hard to spell
it's que la vie a and that's me undies
comm slash Clavin que la vie a and this
is a limited time offer so what are you
waiting for start wearing the best
underwear of your life go to me undies
dot-com Clavin right now my friend Roger
Simon over at PJ Media has a piece
called Harvey will will be a turning
point of the trump presidency he says is
Harvey shaken America seriously enough
to diminish the cold civil war that has
overtaken our country has it made our
divisions seem at least a tiny bit more
trivial no doubt a hard core of
hate-filled bozos drunk on some witless
ideology will always be with us there's
still a market for Guy Fawkes masks for
adjunct junior college professors to
pretend they're violent and
his revolutionaries a dishonest ASP
novel they never finished nevertheless a
flood of noah like proportions as a way
of focusing the mind at least for some
maybe even most of us and Donald Trump
has clearly done well thus far in his
capacity of crisis manager in chief
it seems the presidential activity he
was born for the one most akin to
running a large hotel construction job
or renovating and historic ice-skating
rink and that's right and that is
absolutely true this is what Trump loves
to do he likes to build stuff he likes
to fix stuff he wants you to look at him
you know it's it's it seems to me
possible how long can these people's do
in their own eight before they start to
notice that people are going to hate
them back you know the other day Tuesday
I think it was Dianne Feinstein one of
the most liberal senators from this
liberal state California was talking to
liberals in San Francisco at the
Commonwealth Club and it sounded like
the I heard the moderator the person
talking to her reading a question
sounded like a question from the
audience and the audience said when will
the Republicans turn on Trump and
impeach him and reject him and
everybody's cheering and all this stuff
and she said Dianne Feinstein said you
know we've done impeachment it's not so
much fun and then she said this look
this man is going to be President
most likely for the rest of this term I
just hope he has the ability to learn
and to change and if he does he can be a
good president and that's my hope I have
my own personal feelings about it yeah I
understand how you feel I understand how
you feel I understand how you feel
because the people are shocked they are
shocked and later she issued a
clarification because she sensed a
little bit of like political problems so
she wrote he sent a clarification during
this tumultuous time I'm working to
protect the progress we've made and find
a way to get things done for
Californians during a period of total
Republican control
I've been strongly critical of President
Trump when I disagree on policy and with
his behavior
most recently most recently I was
appalled by his comments in response to
Charlottesville and the truck and the
pardon of sheriff joe arpaio press
Trump said that we were there were very
fine people in a crowd chanting Jews
will not replace us there's nothing fine
about white supremacist Nazis of the KKK
you shouldn't get away for the with that
if the press weren't lying about it he
didn't say that he received certainly it
was not what he was intending to say
anyway she goes on while I'm under no
illusion that it's likely to happen I
will continue to oppose his policies
I want president Trump to change for the
good of the country but you know it was
a moment she let down her guard for a
moment you know they are senators they
do want to pass laws Trump is out there
now pushing a tax code change tax reform
which would be the first tax reform
since 30 years it's been 30 years since
they reformed this there was just a
story on Drudge about how people are
spending more on their taxes than on
food and lodging it's ridiculous so
there is this opportunity to start to
act in a bipartisan at least a somewhat
bipartisan way if Trump can keep the
discipline let's let's bring on North
eeab we got Nolte the the late John
Nolte the former John Nolte like there
is the once and future John Nolte you
deserted us you deserted us Nolte didn't
I tell you you never leave the family
what's what's wrong anyway no I just for
those of you who don't know he left the
Daily wire where we loved him and went
back to Breitbart where they love him
even more I think they really do love
you over there and I have to admit I
have to admit I still haven't forgiven
you for leaving LA so I'm I want you to
know I'm really ticked off now but but I
have to admit I went overlooked there
and I thought you know there's something
it is your home basically what was it
what was it that turned your mind I
think it was just the the the daily wire
is a great sight and I loved I loved
running for the deeply wire along Ben
and Jeremy they're just two of the best
guys you'll ever meet in this business
and they're two of the best employers
you'll ever have with this business but
there are two different sites they both
fight in their own way but I just felt
that it was a better fit for my sort of
belligerence skillset back at Breitbart
and there's a lot of history in there
too
I was there at the beginning and was
there for almost eight years so you know
it's just it's one of those things where
you you try different things but but
with the future your country at stake
you know you got to go to where you
think you can you know do the best have
the most effects you can if any and I'm
not saying the daily wire doesn't have
an effect there's no question that ben
shapiro is the warrior when it comes to
free speech and I think what the daily
wire does in fighting for traditional
values judeo-christian values is
extraordinary but you know what I do is
just something different and and I just
think it fit better over there most
daily wire was very good to me I think I
was very good to them and I wish those
guys nothing but the best and they're
gonna get links from me and I'll always
be their friend you know and a consumer
insight as well you know I have to say I
mean first of all I really do second I
know we've talked about this privately
so I know that you're not just saying it
and you know I'm not just saying it this
is an amazing place to work the daily
wire and it is because you know Shapiro
he'll kill me if I let the public know
but he's actually a great guy and so is
Jeremy Jeremy Jeremy really does he hire
some of the best people this is an
amazing place to work but but what we're
really talking about I mean just to boil
it down we're talking about Donald Trump
I think you know i mean the the
Breitbart site has been a we have been
Trump Warriors and I think it's fair to
say that while we generally are in
support of Trump when he is conservative
and you know I I personally love some of
the stuff he's doing with the news media
I mean that stuff just makes me laugh
out loud but but we have not we we stick
to what we feel or there are principles
each one of us some little different but
we stick to that and we'll call Trump
out where's the the bright Breitbart
fight the break board site really fights
for him doesn't it is that a fair thing
to say yeah but you know I've also seen
Breitbart turn against him I mean if you
look at the site right now no one's very
happy about the people he's surrounding
them with they're there they're not very
happy about a number of things that are
going on and
foreign policy which is something I'm
not that familiar with but I think it's
I think that the Breitbart side is going
to fight for national populism I think
that's where their fight is and my fight
is basically just against the media and
Breitbart is a potent site to fight the
media with yeah and like I just
published a piece where I put up a score
that in the in the rap sheet of beating
of journalists antiphon is 10 and Trump
supporters despite the media narratives
is 0 not and I just think that a piece
like that if I were to write a piece
about this the abortion I think that
that piece would be much stronger at the
Daily wire but a piece like that about
ant if I think is much stronger at
Breitbart just because one's the army
and the other ones that make all right
well that's that's that's fair enough
well let's talk for a minute about the
the media I mean this is basically the
thing that drives you crazy and and it
does me to a we over a week overstating
the effect of the media I mean we both I
mean I I love it when Trump goes off
like Godzilla on the media and it looks
like you know the scene in Godzilla
where he's destroying Tokyo I love that
stuff are they as big an enemy as we
think they are or we exaggerating that I
think the media is not as strong as they
were there I don't think I think that
the the election of Donald Trump proved
that the media does not have the moral
authority or the sway with public
opinion as they once did so they're not
as strong as they're losing they're
losing their it's a suicide by by just
by discrediting themselves they're
losing their power every day but what
the media is doing is shifting its
tactics and it's becoming a much more
militant and violent organization the
medium Rush Limbaugh's right the media
has taken over the media has told the
Democrats hold my beer we'll take care
of this
and over the left they now run the left
you know we don't hear from me as you
close your Charles Schumer anymore the
other thing that the media is done is
twofold they've sort of taken in and
Tifa this left-wing terrorist group that
goes around beating up everyone on the
right
and white supremacist the you know one
of the best undercover stories I think
of the last the whole Charlottesville
thing is that the day after
Charlottesville Minh and Tifa was in
Seattle beating up Trump supporters and
the media covers for them the media
rationalizes them a media compares them
to d-day you had Chuck Todd interview a
guy I think twice Neville is trying to
heat treat Chuck Todd treated him
seriously Chuck Todd for crying out loud
the guy that took over for Tim Russert
he's treating a guy seriously who's
saying that you need to meet peaceful
protesters who are white nationalist
with violence that that's okay and
that's not okay the great equalizer if
you want to become a Nazi I don't care I
don't care who you are I don't care if
you're mother Teresa hit someone once
you start violence you're no better than
a Nazi so the media is taken on an Tifa
is their own personal little brown shore
army that runs around the country
beating up everyone just like Hitler's
brown shirts did who don't tow the
political line the second thing that the
media is starting to do is use large
corporations these mega corporations
especially Facebook especially Twitter
they're redefining hate speech to mean
if you're tough on the border or if you
disagree with same-sex marriage and
you're gonna see a very strong
censorship crusade you under the guise
of hate speech where we're already
seeing it we're on Facebook and on
Twitter you removed your to completely
cut off from the world and the world is
is the internet now these corporations
are censoring us they're taking away our
free speech rights on a very powerful
media they're removing us from what is
now the public square and we saw the
daily stormer and Stormfront
too despicable not nazi web sites Ku
Klux I mean no one's defending this but
they were they were they can no longer
find a web server to host their
opinions now if you're trying to
encourage violence or justify violence I
have no problem with that
but all but if all you are spewing is
venomous opinions then III have a
problem with corporate with corporations
taking you out of the public square of
the internet because what we're seeing
is the media conflating ever expanding
the definition of hate speech ever
expanding the definition would be all
right just to include all conservatives
so between these fascist corporations
and anti feh the media has taken a very
strident and militant approach towards
their coverage and towards their enemies
on the right you know it really is true
they pull this trick where everybody on
the right is a Nazi but nobody on the
Left is connected to aunt Eva you know I
mean aunt Eva sorry they're just
extremists they have nothing to do with
everybody else but in fact in fact
everybody on the right disowns the Nazis
everybody virtually and they're not that
many of them whereas aunt Eva is pretty
powerful and nobody except Nancy Pelosi
god bless her people
well do not you know will denounce them
nobody will you know let me bring up
this other thing thing you know I I have
this kind of weird insight the other day
I wrote this book years ago true crime
you know that was made into a movie
about this reporter who's a terrible
person and the fact that he's a terrible
person allows him to see through the
strangling PC narrative to the truth I
mean it's in part part of his nasty
personality that allows him to do that
and I compared him to Donald Trump I
think that some one of the things about
Donald Trump is that he's not
constrained by some of the things that
constrain the rest of us not to appear
indecent not to even not even worry
about appearing racist I don't think
Donald Trump is a racist but he doesn't
even worry about whether he appears that
way or not where a lot of people do and
a lot of Republicans have been
essentially turned into eunuchs by their
fear of the media branding them racist
is there and I think this is a place
where the The Daily wire I can see where
it may have been a constraint on you is
there a moral hazard in attaching your
yourself to this guy you know you're
going back to work for Steve Bannon who
as we all know is Sauron he's rich paid
rats he's basically assembling a you
know an army of Orcs to take over the
take over middle-earth but but he has
you know I mean the thing about Bannon I
don't believe at all that he's a racist
or anything like that but he has not he
has given a voice to people like Milo
you Napoles and the his group who who
play at racism they think it's ironic
they think it's cute they think it's
funny
is there any kind of moral hazard for
you who I know for a fact or not a
racist attaching yourself to a site that
plays fast and loose with stuff like
that well you know I just read this
biography of Lenny Bruce the comedian
yeah who was just a degenerate I mean a
total drug addict a total loser a user a
scumbag but there was there's no way the
left would allow him to work today
because of his racial the things he said
about you know he satirized everyone and
I'm not concerned about the words people
use now there are some words yes there
probably two words one is the N word and
the other word is that the other one is
the word guy and I don't say the F
word cuz I don't anybody confuse me with
fruit there's there's certain words you
can't use but I don't concern myself
with words I concern myself with intent
in Lenny Bruce was not a racist he was a
scumbag
humanistic human being but he wasn't a
racist and Milo's not a racist final
isn't you gage you right and I think
that provocation like what Lenny Bruce
did and what Milo do I think I think
sticking it to the squares
I think pushing the boundaries of what
we can say and what we can't say is is a
righteous message now sometimes people
could go too far but that doesn't make
them evil but I would much rather be on
that pirate ship than standing around
with Mitt Romney and John McCain saying
that that the antiva is somehow the the
modern-day version of the d-day that
these are good people that these are
righteous people so
I think it's good to stick it to the
squares I think it's good to go after
piety Zhan the right and the left and
I'm gonna judge people by their intent
I'm not gonna judge them by the things
that they say and I understand being a
provocateur
I think provocateurs are very important
reported in the 60s they were important
in the 50s to to brave this the
constraints so that people could enjoy
the First Amendment and today they're
important because instead of the
government restricting our speech you
have the establishment you have the
media and you have politicians and you
have corporations censoring us and I
think I think that's I think that's a
righteous cause right now mm-hmm
yeah I do think the shattering of this
this smothering narrative that the left
is created where anything we say can be
construed as racism I mean even if you
criticize the president he happens to be
a black president you know suddenly
you're a racist because I you know it
has to be shattered and possibly it
takes the kind of extreme measures that
that people like this are willing to to
use I gotta say I'm sorry to see you go
pal I really AM you're one of the most
honest and one of the best observers of
the media around Breitbart is lucky to
have you I hope you'll continue to come
on the show though cuz I love talking to
you so I'd love to coming on tell
banning tell Bannon II should come on
and and let me interview all right John
North even alternator you can read them
over at Breitbart he is one of the best
thanks a lot John thanks ready now you
may have wondered part of that interview
if you were watching I was looking in
the wrong direction and that was because
I didn't wear my hubble contact lenses
and I didn't know where the camera
camera was and the thing about Hubble
contact lenses first of all if you wear
contact lenses you know they can be it
can be a pain in the neck they run out
you have to run down and get them all
the time and you know you need them and
plus they're expensive you know like for
companies until Hubble came along four
companies controlled like 97% of the
market and because there were expensive
people would leave them in when they
were supposed to be worn for a single
day and they get dry and it's really not
good for
but now you can get them from Hubble
comm and they are you can get them free
for sixty contacts for thirty bucks
which means one dollar a day that's half
the price of the other brands so if you
go to Hubble contacts comm you get your
first two weeks free that's the first
thing you get the first two weeks free
plus every single day you get them for
less sixty contacts for thirty bucks
these are quality daily lenses for half
the price of the other guys they sell
directly to you so they don't have to
offer content so that's what makes it so
cheap and they can even send you to an
optometrist if you need to get a new
prescription go to Hubble contacts comm
to get your first two weeks of lenses
for free that's 15 pair of lenses for
free you can't beat the deal Hubble is
offering my listeners two weeks of free
contacts Hubble contacts calm you will
get 20/20 vision for half the price
because most places if you pay half the
price you get ten to end vision which
isn't gonna do any good at all buts h ub
b le contacts calm very comfortable
contacts very very inexpensive you know
I have to mention we're gonna run out of
time so I want to do this a little
quickly but Nulty was talking about the
censorship this move towards censorship
and one of the big ones has been Google
and YouTube which are rerouting searches
we're they're working with leftist
organizations like the Southern Poverty
Law sansa hate group basically that does
it's hate by labeling other people hate
groups that's how they do it and they've
been rerouting searches so that if you
search for you know Praeger who's been
having prop Praeger Dennis Prager is
having a hard time getting his Prager
you videos you know monetized and up
there they're banning them and stuff
like this and it's not so Google right
funds all these think tanks and they
fund these think tanks to have an effect
obviously on legislation so that they as
this monster corporation can affect the
law I mean this is all corporations do
this right so the New America Foundation
has received more than twenty million
bucks from
and its parent company's executive
chairman Eric Schmidt and his family's
foundation since the think tanks
founding in 1999 have gotten over 21
million bucks and the money helped to
establish this New America Foundation as
an elite voice I'm reading from the New
York Times a former newspaper as an
elite voice in policy debates on the
American Left left and it helped Google
shape these leftist debates so not that
long ago the European Union had a
penalty find Google for being a monopoly
and for practicing monopolistic
practices and one of the guys in a think
in a one of the bureau's of this
think-tank the new American Foundation
Barry Lynn his name was said good for
them good for them that was the right
thing to do it is a you know it is a
monopoly and the European Union was
right to find them Barry Lynn is now out
of a job
and the thing you have to know about
this by the way is Lynn's part of this
foundation is completely self-funded he
did not fund through Google but Google's
power over the overarching organization
the New America Foundation is kind of a
creepy name to begin with the Newman do
we need a new America I thought the old
one was kind of good but anyway the New
America Foundation was taking so much
money from Google that when they got
angry at Barry Lynn out Lynn went and
here he is explaining why he said what
he said it was actually support for a
decision that was aimed at ensuring that
we have a political economy in the
United States and Europe that is diverse
and which power is not concentrated
that's what the decision was about our
unit has been focusing on ensuring that
there's going to be a you know that
we're not going to see a massive
concentration of power over the
political economy of the United States
in the hands of a few private
individuals that's what we've been doing
for 15 years that's what we will
continue to do that is what apparently
from as far as we can tell that's what
Google moved to suppress so you know
this is something you know over at the
Daily Caller Luc Schwartz an attorney
wrote a an opinion piece called time for
Republicans to take Google's
antitrust abuses seriously he says over
the last few weeks conservatives railed
against Google and other big tech
companies for their left-wing bias this
has led to many including Ann Coulter
Steve Bannon and Tucker Carlson to
advocate regulating Google as a natural
monopolies while Google should not face
antitrust scrutiny from Republicans
because of its liberal political
positions it also shouldn't receive a
free pass for anti-competitive conduct
conduct by the Democrats for the same
reason in fact Google's strong ties with
the Obama administration may have
prompted the Federal Trade Commission to
drop an investigation into search result
manipulation in 2012 Republicans do not
owe Google special treatment and should
revisit the investigation into the
monopolies manipulation of its search
results you know I agree and because of
that you probably won't be able to watch
this on youtube but I think I think it
really is serious I mean this is the way
you know some companies become so big
that there are almost quasi governmental
agencies and that is why people break
them up and that is why historically
they've been broken up if they're going
to manipulate our opinions if they're
going to prevent us from getting the
information we need to have informed
opinions from choosing our sides not
choosing what Google thinks our side
should be they should be broken up they
should be stopped I mean this is this
really is an abuse of freedom of speech
all right stuff I like
a lot of times on the on the mailbag I
get a lot of theological questions
religious questions in all this and I
want to point you to a book that I just
read recently that is very short I won't
say that it's an easy read it's not an
easy read but it's not like a crushingly
difficult read it's called the
consolations of philosophy by Boethius
now there's a modern book that somebody
wrote called the consolations of
philosophy named after this book but you
want to get the the ancient one by
boëthius Boethius was a a politician
and philosopher at the end of the Roman
Empire he served under one of the
barbarian Kings who threw the last
Western Empire Emperor out he rose to a
very high level in the administration
and then he got nailed he got according
to him according to Boethius he was
wrongly convicted and he was sentenced
to death and while he was waiting for
death
and he was ultimately tortured and
killed while he was waiting for death he
wrote this book consolations of
philosophy is about 130 pages long in
which he has an imaginary conversation
with philosophy herself and she explains
why he should not allow himself to be
brought down by the fact that his
fortune has run out and it's not where
the term Wheel of Fortune comes from
that comes from pat sajak know that it
was older than Boethius but it is it is
where it was popularized the the
consolations of philosophy became
possibly the most influential book in
the Middle Ages certainly influenced
Chaucer and his Canterbury Tales but it
has been seen throughout the West it's
said to have influence they are talking
and writing Lord of the Rings and
basically the thumbnail sketch is
philosophy takes all the things that
people desire wealth and pleasure and
fame and honor and glory and and tries
to point out and show that these are all
good things that are dead because they
have been cut away from the one good
thing which is God and that in looking
for these things you are really looking
or God and it kind of really explains
this and why philosophy think so and
this is something that philosophers from
Plato and you know and Aristotle have
thought and basically boethius was a
translator of Aristotle it's a beautiful
beautiful book I have to say that it
totally shifted my point of view you
know in very brief terms I like I said
it's not an easy read but it's not a
hard read either and it completely
changed the way I look at philosophy and
at religion
next week we've got Sebastian Gorka
we've got Victor Davis Hanson a good
lineup of guests
but it's a long Clavin this weekend so
you're probably not gonna survive so you
know it just as you as you go you know I
just want you to know that it's going to
be a great week next week so fight on
Fight on to get through the Clavin this
weekend we will be here on Monday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show and we'll end with little texts
you
