you know there's one thing I want to say
just just at the top here that's I in
the past have been critical of Trump's
some of trumps rhetoric about the media
I've found that some of it has been a
bit overblown even dangerous at times
and although I agree in general with his
criticisms of the media I agree with
anyone's criticisms in general of of the
left-wing media but I you know I thought
that some of it was overblown
however these last few weeks with the
Cavanaugh story have I think vindicated
everything that Trump has ever said
about the media he's exactly right in
fact actually he could probably go even
further in his criticisms than he has
gone when you see what the media's done
here they have with this Cavanaugh story
and of course it's not the first time
they've done this but it's just been so
striking they have completely discarded
any semblance of integrity objectivity
decency honesty ethics they've just
gotten rid of all of that and now this
is a straight-up in-your-face blatant
explicit smear campaign to destroy Brett
Kavanaugh because he's not pro-abortion
that's what's going on with the media so
just another example of that if you
happen to be watching NBC or MSNBC on
Monday nights I don't know why you would
do that but if you did you would have
seen an interview with Julie sweat Nick
now Julie sweat Nick is the mentally
unbalanced woman who's accused Brett
Kavanaugh of engaging in systemic gang
rapes and and in fact paints a portrait
of their high school years where as a
time when there was just gang rapes
going on all the time every weekend
there would be gang raped parties and
all the girls would come for some reason
to these keg parties and then they would
be gang-raped and but they keep coming
back and Julie sweat Nick even though
she's three years older but she would
come to these
gang rape parties that kept coming and
then she was gang-raped and then she
kept coming back even more even after
that so that's her accusation and ever
since she releases accurate accusations
through Michael avenatti who's a just a
scumbag lying attention-starved pretend
lawyer ever since those accusations last
week we found out that well she's there
was a restraining order her her
ex-boyfriend tried to get her standing
order against her because he says that
she threatened him and threatened his
his child we find out these you know
he's a she was accused by her employer
of making up false sexual harassment
claims and what the employer says is
that she made up false this this I think
is important actually according to her
employer back I think it was maybe about
18 20 years ago she made up false sexual
harassment claims because she had been
sexually harassing a couple of men at
work and when they went and told on her
she made up this claim as in retaliation
so and then there are other other
details as well anyway so an MSNBC
decides let's do an interview with her
now they say they tell us two things
number one they could not confirm or
corroborate anything she said nothing
they could not confirm a single detail
that she told them and number two they
also admit that what she says in the
interview does not line up with the with
the allegation that she released even a
week ago she's already changed her story
yet they decided to air this interview
anyway I mean this this goes beyond just
journalistic malpractice this everyone
at NBC involved with airing this
interview should be fired and sued for
all the money they have because of this
we this is crazy so they know they know
that this is not a credible story they
know that it cannot be confirmed they
have to know because if they if they
have brains in their heads they know
that the story is just insane and
ridiculous on its face and
no she's already changed her story in a
week and yet they come out they air the
interview anyway because none of that
matters to them they just want to get it
out there because they know that there
are gonna be a lot of stupid people
watching who will see the interview even
with the disclaimer Zev oh we couldn't
confirm anything she changed so a lot of
stupid people are gonna see the
interview and that's not going to matter
to them they're gonna they're just going
to glom on to these to these lurid
details and so that's all they're
interested in doing now I want to let me
read just one clip from this interview
this is what sweat Nix says now pay
attention to the words that she uses she
says talking abrasive enough he was very
aggressive very sloppy drunk a mean
drunk I saw him go up to girls and paw
on them and tried to you know get a
little too handsy touching them on
private parts
I saw him try to shift clothing I don't
know what that means I saw him push
girls against walls he would pretend to
stumble and push and stumble into them
and knock them against walls he would
push his body against hers now if you've
been following these this story that
lack that paragraph there sounds very
familiar doesn't what sweat Nick has
done is she has just repeated verbatim
all the things that the media has
already reported and the allegations
that have already been reported about
about Kavanagh in the last week she's
just taking those allegations and
repeating them verbatim sloppy drunk
mean drunk well that's exactly what a
couple of his acquaintances in college
said about those are the exact terms
they used sloppy drunk mean drunk very
aggressive well that's what the media's
been saying that all week especially
after his after he you know had the gall
to be angry at false allegations against
himself at the hearing and so there's
always aggressive so she said that to
pushed against walls well that was
another unsubstantiated ridiculous
charge that someone came up with a 1998
you know that was released last week in
1998 supposedly he pushed somebody
against the wall when he was drunk so
she's just taking
she's just repeating what she read with
what she saw on cable news she's
repeating it back to them and they and
they aired the interview I mean it's so
yeah fake news I would say so
whatever whatever Trump is said about
them I think they have earned all of
those labels and then some now so we
heard yesterday from Rachel Mitchell
who's the prosecutor that was recruited
by Republicans to question
Christine Ford at the hearing and she
came out with a very thorough report
where she's talking about all the many
holes in Fords testimony and she says in
fact that the case it's not even that he
said she said the case according to rich
Rachel Mitchell now keep in mind Rachel
Mitchell is a sex crimes prosecutor so
she is you know she knows the law but
she also deals with these kinds of
claims all the time this is what she
does
so she hears these kinds of claims all
the time she could she can differentiate
between credible claims and not credible
and she's saying as someone who does
this every day these are not credible in
fact she says it's even weaker than it
he said she said and that no reasonable
prosecutor would bring a case based on
the story that she tells so she released
this memo the memo is is is is just
devastating for Ford and for Democrats
or it would be devastating if the media
would report on it which they haven't of
course because they're too busy
listening to you know Julie sweat Nick
talk about the gang rapes but very very
devastating and she goes through all of
the inconsistencies and Ford story there
quite a lot of them what a read here's a
sort of read some of her bullet points
on that on in particular now she talks
about all that you get this is he but
she also discusses inconsistencies in
memory lapses and blank spots from just
the last few months
forget about 35 years ago for just the
last few months so here are some of the
bullet points from that part of the memo
talking about the last few months Reed
now from the daily wires report on this
it says dr. Ford has struggled to recall
important recent events relating to her
allegations and her testimony regarding
recent events raises further questions
about her memory dr. Ford struggled to
remember her interactions with the
Washington Post dr. Ford could not
remember if she showed a full or partial
set of therapy notes to the Washington
Post she does not remember whether she
showed the Post report of the therapist
notes or her own summary of those notes
she does not remember if she actually
had a copy of the notes when she texted
The Washington Post on July 6th dr. Ford
refused to provide any of her therapy
therapy notes to the committee dr.
Ford's explanation of why she disclosed
her allegations the way she did raises
questions
she claimed originally that she wished
for her story to remain confidential but
the person operating the tip line at the
Washington Post was the first person
other than her therapist her husband to
whom she disclosed the identity of her
alleged attacker she testified that she
had a sense of urgency to relay the
information to the Senate she did not
contact the Senate however because she
claimed she didn't know how to do that
but she doesn't explain how she knew how
to contact her congresswoman but not her
senator I mean presumably she just went
online and googled it and then and then
went through the jails but she said she
didn't know how to do that with her
senator she couldn't she could figure
how to google that but she could Google
or congresswoman dr. foot could not
remember if she was being audio or video
recorded when she took the polygraph and
she could not remember whether the
polygraph occurred the same day as her
grandmother's funeral or the day after
her grandmother's funeral and then also
it notes that it would have been
inappropriate to administer a polygraph
to someone who was grieving that's
actually a really good point I mean no
competent polygraph examiner would give
you a polygraph on the day that you come
home from a funeral for your grandmother
I mean there's no note that's a joke
nobody would do that because a polygraph
is measuring all of the you know it's
you know it's the things that it's
measuring if you're if you're know if
polygraphs were actually real science
which they aren't but if you're grieving
that's gonna mess up the whole thing
so there are a lot of really important
points and this is not just about Polk
holes in her memory there's also the
whole thing about the therapists notes
now we only know she's telling us that
she told this story to her therapist and
that she even and then Welsh maybe she
mentioned Cavanaugh's name to a
therapist maybe she didn't she says she
doesn't remember husband says she did
whatever but we only know that because
she's telling us that she's claiming
that she told her therapist about this
right she claims that she told her
therapist at least the whole story even
if she didn't mentioned the guy's name
so obviously the question is well can we
see those notes can we see what you
actually told your therapist to make
sure number one that you really told
your therapist at all you didn't make
that up and number two did the story
you're told you told your therapist does
it line up well we already know it
doesn't line up completely because the
number of people involved this change
but you know for instance I mean this is
just just hypothetical but what if she
told her therapist the story but then
said something like yeah I don't you
know indicated that she wasn't actually
sure completely who did it right I mean
just hypothetically how do we know that
that's not in the notes well because she
won't give us the notes well then it's
sort of relevant to knows it well you
say you don't to give the notes it's
personal private okay but you gave to
the Washington Post then she says well I
don't remember if I gave it to the
Washington Post oh you don't remember I
feel like you'd remember that I mean how
do you not remember that this is a huge
moment in your life you're talking to
the media about this thing that you're
sayings traumatize you all this time you
don't remember that conversation what
and I would think sending them your
therapist notes that's a kind of very
vulnerable it's not something you do
every day you know you don't send your
therapist notes to media outlets every
day it's the kind of thing that she I
mean you're the did it or you didn't I
think you remember doing it if you did
oh she doesn't remember so I think we
are clear to speculate either that she
never gave her therapist notes to anyone
so there's so her
what she's telling us about what she
told her therapist could be completely
bogus or she did give her therapist
notes to the Washington Post and now
those notes are being hidden for some
reason either way doesn't look good for
now here I think is that is the in and I
I talked about this last week but I want
to focus in on it again I think the most
important potential lie the most
important inconsistency or hole in the
story that could possibly be a lie is
this and Mitchell points it out in her
memo Ford claims to not remember how she
got home from the party after the
alleged assault occurred this detail is
very crucial because the house she says
was near Country Club and we know that
the country club was a 20-minute drive
from her home it was like six or seven
miles right which if you're going
residential roads might take you 20
months so that means that someone had to
pick her up and drive her home there's
no way that she walked seven miles home
and if she did walk seven miles home
after according to her or after being
sexually assaulted I think that seven
mile walk home she would remember that
but she doesn't remember how she got
home so we we could only assume that she
was driven home by someone so somebody
picked her up the testimony of that
person would be indispensable because
they could describe Ford's physical and
emotional state at the time according to
her allegation she was a 15 year old
girl who had just been violently
assaulted and in her mind was almost
killed she said she thought she was
going to die okay she fled the house
fearing for her life then she got into
somebody's car that person surely would
have noticed that Ford was in distress
okay maybe Ford it wouldn't have told
the person maybe the perfor was said
I'm fine don't you know but but whoever
that person was they would be able to
tell okay this girl's crying she's mean
she she's obviously distressed about
something now the main reason why why
Juanita Broderick's allegation against
Bill Clinton was and is so believable
incredible is that Broderick was found
by her friends moments after Clinton
allegedly raped her and those friends
have come out and corroborated her
account and they confirmed that she did
you know that they did find Broderick
crying and in a state of shock on the
night in question
now Broderick also told them at the time
Bill Clinton did this to me which I mean
which basically makes it a hundred
percent like this it happened right but
even if she hadn't even if she had even
if she had said something horrible
happen me but she didn't she didn't give
specifics or did she didn't say who it
was the fact that she was found by her
friends on that day bleeding bruised
crying in a state of shock I mean that
is very significant evidence in her
favor is it is it believable that a
fifteen-year-old girl could pull herself
together and present herself as totally
fine moments after running out of a
house to escape two drunken rapists no
it is not believable not at all it just
isn't we must then logically conclude
either that somebody witnessed Ford in a
state of shock or that nobody witnessed
it because it didn't happen now for
claims she can't remember who picked her
up but she remembers hiding in the
bathroom after the assault she remembers
hearing the two boys laughing and
talking as they left the room she
remembers running down the stairs she
remembers leaving the house she
remembers the whole chain of events
right before she opened the door to
somebody's car and then what her memory
goes completely blank at that very
convenient moment well that's that's
actually not exactly correct because she
doesn't she doesn't remember the
all chained because presumably she
called some but she would have had to
call somebody to pick her up and this
was before cell phones she would have
had to use a landline so either she so
she says she ran right out of the house
well she she must have gone into the
kitchen first to use the landline or she
went to somebody else's house or
something
went to a payphone I mean but but again
if she's walking down the street
searching for a payphone or if she's
knocking on someone else's door to use a
phone she would remember that but she
she would had to call somebody unless
she had already arranged for someone to
pick her up and it just so happened
coincidentally that that person happened
to show up right after she had been
sexually assaulted which again is hard
to believe so she would had to call
somebody shook but she doesn't remember
what must have been a rather panic phone
call and she doesn't remember what had
to have been the most uncomfortable and
difficult car ride of her life but she
remembers that the house was sparsely
furnished and she remembers precisely
how many beers she consumed which she
says was only one now her memory may be
spotty right it was a long time ago but
it is very interesting that key details
which could corroborate her account just
so happen to be completely blocked from
her memory
you may even call that suspicious you
may even say that this is a clear
indication that she is lying and besides
even if she doesn't remember getting
into somebody's car right after the
assault what about the person behind the
wheel why haven't they come forward do
we have two cases of convenient amnesia
happening at the same time around the
same event the only way okay that a
person might forget about the time that
they picked up a traumatized fifteen
year old girl is if there was no
indication that she was traumatized but
if there's no indication of it then that
would seem to punch a humungous hole in
Ford's story but that brings us back to
the question of whether or not it's
believable
that-a-girl
you know might conceivably run out of a
house fleeing two drunken rapists and
then get into somebody's car and not
give off any vibes at all that she had
suffered some kind of terrible
experience that's just again it's hard
to believe it's especially hard to
believe assuming that the person who
picked her up was either her a parent or
one of her friends unless she hitchhiked
or unless she called a cab to pick her
up the story doesn't add up
you know if I mean you feel like you've
got a good chance that we've been a
parent to pick her up at the age of 15
well look I know that kids can hide
things from their parents but if you
pick your daughter up mere moments after
she was just sexually assaulted you're
gonna notice that something is going
wrong or if you're if you're a girl and
you pick up one of your girlfriends
you're gonna notice and it seems
extremely likely that your friends gonna
tell you something happened but either
they don't tell you you're gonna notice
something was wrong but nobody's come
out no one's come out to say yeah you
know what I I did I did pick up
Christine Ford you know I remember she
didn't tell me what happened but she was
she was obviously distressed about
something nobody's come out to say that
now wait a second here though I'm saying
that it's it's unreasonable to think
that she was able to completely pull
herself together to the point where
nobody would notice that something was
amiss
well she actually admits that she didn't
pull herself together she testifies that
her grades in college suffered because
of the attack now oddly enough the
attack happened when she was 15 and she
had two more years of high school in
front of she doesn't say anything about
her high school grades suffering which
is interesting which would seem to
indicate that her high school grades
were fine so if you were to go back back
and look at her high school days you
would see that she did
and then she gets into college and she
does poorly for a couple of years and
we're supposed to believe that that was
because of the sexual assault that had
happened three years before but in the
intervening three years you were fine I
mean what what um but that again I think
shows shows calculation in her testimony
like she's going back and she's thinking
okay I know that I did well in high
school so I can but I I didn't do by I
did get bad grades first year as a
college someone could go look that up
and see oh look that vindicates me but
you know the real point is that she says
she was devastated at the time to the
point where her academics suffered let's
pretend that that's true okay so let's
go beyond the car ride then let's assume
that she did hitch a ride home with a
stranger and that the stranger has sense
you know moved to Mars or died or
something okay fine well well what about
the night when she got home and she saw
her parents or the next day
what about school on Monday what about
the next week or month or a year or
three years or five years or ten years
she said she was traumatized this whole
time why has nobody come forward and
said yet you know Christine she she
never told us what happened but she did
change there was a sudden change in her
in her behavior you know something was
wrong right I mean it was she was
everything was fine and then and then
and then and then all of a sudden she is
no one has come out to say that nobody
yet she claims number one she was
traumatized in number two there was
there were outward signs of her trauma
in in the form at least of bad grades
nobody though who knows her has come out
and said that her pit where her her
parents are alive as far as I know what
where parents have said nothing have you
noticed that nobody in her family has
come out to say to say anything to vouch
for her at all and the even if she
didn't tell them I mean these are really
important witnesses I they could and
they could tell you something about her
mental state at the time but they say
nothing
that is that is very curious isn't it so
there you go
III think with with there are a lot of
holes in the story but that particular
hole you know the the fact that nobody
nobody has come out to vouch for this
idea that she was traumatized we have
not heard from whoever this mystery
person was who picked her up from the
scene of her sexual assault you know if
we want to be generous to Christine Ford
we could say that well you know memory
lapses so on and so forth
I think we're at a point now where this
is more than memory lapses she is hiding
something she is at a minimum hiding
something what is she hiding and why and
then as a as a corollary tag question
who has been coaching her about what
information to say and what information
to keep hidden all right we'll leave it
there Godspeed
you
