the Trump administration has been
plagued by a spate of firings and
resignations of late Reince Priebus was
replaced with John Kelly
Anthony Skara was fired before you could
say Moochie Sebastian Gorka just left
saying that the administration had lost
its way and of course Steve Bannon moved
on to his new job assembling an army of
Orcs in order to seize the ring and rule
middle-earth now in the latest
development from a chaotic White House
Donald Trump himself has quit the Trump
administration Trump left an angry
resignation letter to himself in which
he told himself that he's no longer the
Donald Trump Donald Trump swore to serve
when he was elected and that he can't
continue to be part of a Donald Trump
administration that has separated itself
from the Donald Trump agenda and he
should know because he is Donald Trump
according to an anonymous made-up
sources at the New York Times a former
newspaper the trouble began after Trump
me - speech on Afghanistan at Fort Myers
that was well received by the press the
next day however Trump went to Phoenix
where he let fly with a barn burner
calling the press out for their
dishonesty and bias Fort Myers Trump
then tweeted that Phoenix Trump had
undermined Trump's good reviews by
alienating the press just when they were
being nice to Trump whereupon Phoenix
Trump angrily tweeted back that Fort
Meyers Trump had sold out to the elite
globalist Chardonnay sippin caucus
represented by his daughter Ivanka
Trump's slur against Trump's daughter
infuriated Trump who tweeted back the
Trump was a loser
whereupon Trump responded by giving
himself the nickname lyin trump and then
struck back with a tweet saying that
Trump's ratings on The Apprentice were
never really as good as he said they
were Trump called this personal attack
on himself rude which Trump replied was
just sad after which sources within the
White House told the Times that trumps
stopped talking to himself although
whether that was out of anger or because
of new medication no one was really sure
rumors have swirled within the
administration that it was chief of
staff John Kelly who forced Trump out
because he didn't want Trump to have
undue influence on himself or start
feeding himself conspiracy theories from
Infowars or recipes from Martha Stewart
calm others within the administration
maintain that the
rumors of the feud are fake news ginned
up by a biased press and that in fact
trump left the administration on good
terms with himself one thing everyone
agrees on however is that with trump
gone the Trump administration will
finally rise above the chaos that has
dogged its first months and really get
down to the business of carrying out
Trump's agenda which they'll proceed to
do just as soon as Ivanka tells them
what it is
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right steven crowder is with us
today you know them from louder with
Crowder and from the wanted posters in
your local post office you may be saying
to yourself that looks like you're
sitting in binge Shapiro's set and the
reason is there has been a coup no
that's not that's not the reason is that
the air conditioning is broken down or
is being replaced at the Daily wire we
are in the valley where it is about a
hundred degrees literally outside 100
degrees about 110 degrees inside so if
in the middle of the show
I should stop speaking or moving it's
because I've died don't worry about it
just they'll come and clean me up later
on but if we are going to push through
and what is it Shapiro set just stays
naturally cool because he's such a
frosty guy I think that's what it is he
just just radiates Shapiro's it's that
cold the cold part is the cold art that
chills the Ben Shapiro studios
tomorrow is mailbag that yes it's
mailbag day that means you can ask any
question you want personal religious
political anything you want
we won't answer that question solve all
your problems answers guaranteed a
hundred percent correct and will change
your life on occasion for the better but
you've got to subscribe you have to be a
subscriber it's a lousy ten bucks a
month then you can we can solve all the
problems of your life and seriously you
press a button on the podcast page right
on the podcast page it shows you press
the button send in your questions
seriously we have gotten very good
results with our questions and if you
subscribe for a year it's only a lousy
hundred bucks a month plus ah you get
the leftist tears tumblr the best thing
about this tumblr besides the leftist
tears inside it is it's not Steven
Crowder's crummy little mug that he had
made in the minds of Mordor by dwarves
or something like that
anyway that's that is what you want to
do with that what I am doing personally
you know for my birthday you didn't know
this you didn't get me this all you
didn't get me anything for my birthday
actually thankful
I don't know I got a piano for I got a
keyboard for my birthday do I know you
may ask do I know how to play a keyboard
no is the escrow but I'm going to learn
but I do not have time to go out to some
guy and get a lesson so I'm gonna try to
do it online and that's why there is
skill share skill share is this
wonderful site where people can go you
know it's for professionals who are
looking to get a leg up if you want to
learn a new skill but it's also for
people who just are into learning new
things like me I mean people I just want
to move on and you know keep your mind
moving because if you stop learning you
stop living Skillshare it's an online
learning community with over 15,000
classes and things like design business
logo design social media marketing
street photography and there's unlimited
access to all of this for a low monthly
price you never have to pay per class
again so it's not like I always hate
this on apps when they get you get
involved in them and suddenly they stop
and say oh yeah there you can have an
in-app you can buy more you don't have
to do that it's one price it's got all
kinds of things design photography
marketing entrepreneurship so if you're
trying to move up in your in your job or
just expand what you do skill share is
giving my listeners a month of unlimited
access absolutely free you go to WWC
I'll share calm slash Andrew let me give
you that again WW Skillshare dot-com
slash Andrew you can redeem your free
month test out the videos I did and they
really are useful taught by people who
know what they're doing and like I said
you can watch the entire thing for one
price so we're complaining about the
heat here but of course things are
really going bad in Houston we're
praying for them we love them you know
Texas Texas is not just like the great
state they always say the great state
any state that gets hit by a disaster we
say it's a great state but Texas is a
special state because like it represents
it has been the representative of all
things American during this period of
transition area period of time when all
things American have been under attack
the Obama administration where he spent
all that time apologizing for America
wrong foot in America saying America was
to blame for things Texas
stood tall and Texas all that all the
good stuff that happened in the Obama
economy the the lowering of
unemployment and all that it was all
generated in Texas because Texas didn't
do what Obama wanted to do they didn't
follow his policies and so they keep
creating jobs it's a wonderful place to
live we're so sorry that Houston is
struggling you know everything the media
does with this you can watch them
looking for a way to blame Trump how do
we blame Trump for this EP he says he's
gonna go he's going down there now I
think while we're talking he's on his
way to Corpus Christi he doesn't want to
go to Houston because he doesn't want to
divert resources to take care of the
president while he's well they need him
for the disaster relief but you know
there's like is he going to his Katy
tour on MSNBC is he going to soon
remember when Bush didn't go because he
didn't want to divert resources it was
like oh my he doesn't carry Bush doesn't
care about black people so it's whatever
they can do looking for some way to
blame its climate change it's all this
stuff they're looking for all these ways
to blame things my least favorite
narrative and I mentioned this yesterday
but it's worth talking about again is
this one where they say it takes a
catastrophe to bring us together see
that's crap these people who are out
there rescuing each other who are
carrying each other to safety
like we keep saying people of all races
you know colors and creeds are out there
helping people of all races colors and
creeds these people weren't enemies
yesterday it's not a disaster that
brought them together it's only a
disaster that put them on the news it's
only a disaster that put them on the
news because the news is always about
the people who are screaming the loudest
especially if they're screaming left
this stuff and especially if they're you
know accusing people of racism and all
this stuff that really isn't as big a
problem off the news as it is on the
news so it's really not that the
catastrophe brought people together it's
that the catastrophe put the people as
they are as they Evo so always are
really as they often are on the news and
that is really the difference meanwhile
what really is interesting Trump gave a
press conference yesterday because he
was with the Finnish president
the president of Finland and of course
if you finished by the way is the most
complicated language on earth I think so
I I'm not sure anybody knew what the
president of Finland was saying but
really who cares he gave a press
conference and it was a fascinating
press conference because it shows you
that so much of what Trump does is
calculated and he's war with this press
that is war with him we always talk
about how the press is at war with Trump
and how they're trying to pull all this
stuff on him but let me just show you a
couple of things that I just thought
went past people they they cited them
they cited the the sound bites but they
didn't talk about what they really were
you know Trump president pardoned
Sheriff Joe Arpaio which of course is
just another proof to the left of what a
racist guy was and like I said I don't
like Joe Arpaio but he pardoned him
because he's a symbol of strong borders
which Trump supports and of protecting
law and order law and order because
leaving open borders he's anti the rule
of law so one of the reporters I think
it was John Roberts from Fox asked him
about this
and I wanted to just look at the yeah
this is number one he asked him about
the timing during the hurricane there's
a couple one in the middle of hurricane
Harvey hitting on Friday night you chose
to pardon former sheriff joe arpaio I
wonder if you could tell us what was
behind your thinking for issuing a
pardon for the sheriff and as well what
do you say to your critics even some in
your own party who say it was the wrong
thing to do well a lot of people think
it was the right thing to do June and
actually in the middle of a hurricane
even though it was a Friday evening I
assume the ratings would be far higher
than they would be normally the
hurricane was just starting the ratings
to be higher okay now listen to Dana
Bash who is Hillary Clinton's surrogate
and a reporter for CNN for some reason
I'm not sure I didn't know you could do
both those jobs but Dana Bash is
basically just a Democrat well they're
all it they all are the whole CNN team
and just Democrat operatives with press
cards as Glenn Reynolds evinced abundant
always says and here she is reacting to
that cut and giving it spinning it for
the worst possible interpretation listen
to this he had just come from a rally
where the president was just talking
about in Jeff's report where he got a
lot of praise for it but he was
preaching to the choir there I mean
these were the people who were kind of
keeping joe arpaio float as as kind of
an iconic figure in that community
whereas in most other communities many
other communities he was vilified and
even you know found to be to be doing
things that are absolutely on point the
people and that goes to my next point
which is even if he is tongue in cheek
which i don't think he was the notion of
the President of the United States
saying that he announced something
because ratings were high where people
were leading their homes
excuse me fleeing their homes under
water and some people losing their lives
is a port so the Hillary Clinton
surrogate Dana Bash tells us that it was
a port now listen to listen to what she
did I mean listen to what she did Trump
said I wanted I always surprised that
the ratings weren't that good so she
immediately says oh well first of all
he's encouraged to pardon Arpaio because
of the people at his Phoenix rally they
were all white which a wasn't true and B
is is just her interpreter that's what
she sees that's what race is see the
race to see the color of people's skin
they don't see you know that these were
people who like Trump and they have
reason to like Trump no clue just all
white it's all about white white white
white white that's all it is then the
worst thing is people are are desperate
and he's just trying to get ratings
that's not what was going on there at
all what Trump was saying to them is I
don't buy into your narrative and this
is why people love him this is why
people love him it's not that he fights
back about against the narrative it's
that he is stomping on the narrative
like Godzilla on Tokyo that is why
people love Trump it's because they have
in rap its ensnare the GOP in this web
of narrative where we see why are our
Republicans why are the Republicans
within the majority so spineless why are
they so divided why are they so afraid
why do they abandon the president at the
drop of a hat it's because they're
scared of Dana Bash is because they're
scared of what the New York Times will
say to them this has always been always
been the
on Republicans that they sit around and
they tell their base oh yeah the New
York Times terrible New York Times but
all they want is a pat on the head from
the New York Times like John McCain
playing to this all they want to do is
pick up their copy of The Times in the
morning and see it and Trump is telling
them nope we are living by a different
narrative when he talked about sheriff
joe arpaio
the way he talked about him he was
telling them exactly what his narrative
was and what their narrative was this is
cut number three Sheriff Joe is a
patriot Sheriff Joe loves our country
sheriff Joe protected our borders and
Sheriff Joe was very unfairly treated by
the Obama administration especially
right before an election an election
that he would have won so and he was
elected many times so I stand by my
pardon of Sheriff Joe and I think the
people of Arizona who really know him
best would agree with me
so Trump is playing cards with these
guys he is playing poker with the press
putt playing chicken with the press and
what the press is constantly saying is
oh yeah but we're winning because his
popularity is dropping but Newt Gingrich
wrote this piece what the elite media
won't tell you about approval ratings
and he said according to the elite media
President Trump is a negative dangerous
unpredictable leader who's getting more
and more unpopular the most recent
average of polls has Trump at 39%
approval one News analyst wrote the
Trump is turning us from a 50/50 country
to a 60/40 country with the new majority
consolidating against the president this
is part of the narrative he's destroying
the Republican Party because he's not
following our narrative our narrative is
the truth our narrative is the this is a
racist country if you don't come out and
say that it's a racist country if you
don't stand up against the Nazis more
than against the Antipa fascists then
you too are part of the racism all these
people are white as Dana Bash says
they're all white they're all white
that's their sin but as Newt Gingrich
goes on in their eagerness to declare
the Trump presidency of failure the
elite media is failing to inform us of
two things first President Reagan had a
similar period during his first term
when his approval rating fell to 35% and
he carried 49 states in the next
landslide re-election
and went on to oversee an economic boom
and change world history by pushing the
Soviet Union into collapse so history
tells us that presidential approval
ratings at this point are not indicative
of a president's future success and
second Gingrich goes on in addition to
failing to contextualise president
Trump's approval ratings in history the
elite media is ignoring the present
present where Emmanuel macron and France
all these other leaders they love macro
he was at 64% when he took office now
he's at 36 6% below Trump they can't
explain it so they don't try to and it's
not just Mike crawl British Prime
Minister Theresa May earned a 34 percent
satisfaction rate Japanese Japanese
Prime Minister Shinzo ABI had a July
approval rate of thirty four point two
percent the democratic party in the
United States received 38% approval in
June and but you know who agrees with
this Michael Moore Michael Moore was
correct he predicted that Donald Trump
was gonna win the presidency he did it
in that bitter angry way that just sells
his point of view so well to all of us
and he says now that he thinks that
Trump will do it again he said what did
he say he said I'm he's not gonna be
reelected he's gonna be reappointed
because we will have an even larger
population that will vote against him in
2020 but he will win the same electoral
votes from the states as they stand now
and we're gonna take a closer look at
all this with steven crowder but in
order to take a closer look we have to
be able to see you can't see if your
eyesight is no good you know I used to
wear contact lenses and I stopped
because they were just too expensive and
too annoying to constantly have to run
out and get new ones you know you have
your glasses at least you know where
they are you don't you pay for them once
you don't have to keep paying for them
and the reason for that is that about 97
percent of the of the contact lens
market was controlled by just four
people until now because now there is
Hubbell and you can get a fresh pair of
lenses from Hubbell every single day for
much muscle much less 60 contact 60
contacts for $30 which is just one
dollar a day which is half the
of the other brands so you go to Hubble
contacts dot-com and you can get your
first two weeks free now I tried him
before last night when I was talking
about Hubble I hadn't tried him before
because I hadn't sent me with them I put
them on these are incredibly good
quality contacts as good as anything
you're gonna get at the store but they
cost about half as much so go to Hubble
contacts dot-com you get your first two
weeks of lenses for free 15 pairs of
lenses for free it's a deal you cannot
be Hubble is offering my listeners two
weeks of free contacts go to Hubble
Copts contact dot-com get 20/20 vision
for half the price is that 10:10 vision
no it's F the price you still get the
20/20 vision but it's half the price its
hu BB le contacts dot-com they really
are good I tested them out they are as
comfortable as you can get so we got to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
because you don't subscribe but you can
come over to the daily wire calm and
listen if you subscribe for a lousy ten
bucks a month you can watch the whole
thing right on the site if you subscribe
for the year for a hundred bucks you get
the left is tears tumblr which most
importantly will replace your steven
crowder mug steven crowder is on the way
have we got Khurana all right he's
coming on right after this
you know we were talking yesterday with
Knowles about the fact that YouTube has
kind of opened war on conservative sites
and this is something the Crowder knows
a lot about because Crowder has built
his business up from the ground
learning about YouTube and Google and
all the different internet you know ins
and outs more than any other person I
know in the movement he really did maybe
Jeremy here are the god-king of the
daily wire maybe he knows as much about
it but Crowder was really out ahead of
the curve
singer joy Villa is that how you
pronounce it Mila she is the pro-trump
singer and she's very good and she's
burning up the charts she is battling
with YouTube to keep her song make
America great again on because they keep
finding little reasons they pretend it's
about this and they pretended about that
but she says that kaya Jones who was
also a trump supporter has a song what
the heart don't know and they're trying
to get rid of that too this is a war
against conservatives it's an attempt to
silent it's conservative so listen to
Joy Villa while she's still on because
he they took it off and they put it back
on and she says now they're trying to
take it off again listen to a little bit
of make America great again
it's a good fit it's an actual good song
and it has all these pictures of all the
different if you couldn't see it all the
different crazy eccentric different
colored people whom do in fact make
America great all right Stephen Crowder
you know him from louder with Crowder
from the posters in your post office
from the little picture on the side of
the milk carton he is over CR T V on his
set talking on the phone because he's
just one of those Hollywood guys yeah
well I don't know why they were saying
they would know an answer Mears in your
phone and you're going and you see me
and hear me yeah no you look like an
idiot
am I on here you are and we've been
laughing at you you look like it he's
just loud um and and you have and you
look here you like yeah talk to you and
and by the way your mug looks stupid you
should get a leftist ears don't blur
your mug is ridiculous well we have one
it just couldn't it didn't withstand the
crash test unfortunately back of a Beth
this is my coffee but when I change
tastes so what you know I saw you I saw
you doing at the office space
destruction of the leftist tears tumblr
I don't want you about I have no idea
what haha
yeah we have them around here somewhere
you know somewhere I believe someone but
uh so we're talking about YouTube
censoring people and you you have been I
have to say you were out a far ahead of
the curve on dealing with YouTube
dealing with online stuff I remember
you're talking to me on the phone before
you ever went on the air and describing
it to me in such detail that I thought
to myself this guy is the most boring
person I have ever met but you were
right about everything you actually put
it together have they do they give you
problems uh no I am your your
Nostradamus now yeah every now and then
in it right and this is just a realm
where I happen to know a little bit you
know um well you know daily wire uh some
of your people went out there to the
YouTube summit and what really bothered
me about that was there there were all
these other think-tank people out there
you know we're sitting there like oh yes
YouTube was saying you know there's no
bias there's no there's no selective uh
you know suppressing of voices here I
reserved you
using the word censorship even though
you know censorship can be cultural and
it can be kind of self-inflicted with
YouTube it's not government censorship
so hold your hate mail people lose good
but first I'm not saying it's the First
Amendment but um people say Recovery
were kind of Eddie Haskell and there was
a moment there at this YouTube summit
where they were talking about all these
legal rights and they couldn't answer
any of my questions
where they have this girl go up from I
think it was next gen news so it's a lot
of hip-hop news and kind of tabloid
enews and what was so funny is she
started playing a clip there at the
summit she was one of the featured
speakers and it was just n bomb and bomb
f bomb and to the point where everyone
like rushed to turn down the clip and I
asked her I said hey have you know the
research of of child-friendly content
and D monetization have you seen a lot
of that and on your videos the ad
pocalypse and she said no not at all wow
look at the room and the only people who
actually were allies at all there have
fun enough among many of the
conservatives were the board the daily
wired people where they got it like
thanks for asking questions
unfortunately conservatives try and be
polite or they're cowardly and they
don't speak out and then on the flip
side you have this like with joy Villa
in in Cara Jones I don't necessarily
know that this is proof of censorship
and I don't want to be the boy who cried
censorship when we come out and we
points me you know like with Facebook
legally you know we were in the right we
effectively won you know it was it
didn't we nothing went to court but we
filed a petition of information people
need to go through the proper channels
to correct these people and I need to
snap the leash a little bit they need to
correct these these social media Giants
because they're like children they don't
necessarily understand but we don't want
to scream censorship when it's not
really happening you know Jones and joy
Villa it seems like some people who were
were videotaped didn't want to be in the
video she claims she has releases now
we've run into that with YouTube too we
had to go back and blur faces of people
even though they signed releases to be
on video YouTube doesn't honor the
single party consent state laws because
they just don't want people mad they
typically give you a window to blur out
the face or to fix the error in a video
when that happened so I she she did she
blurred out the faces of the people she
wanted out the face of the one person
who didn't want to and then they started
to complain that it came back and she
was in it twice or something like that I
mean you know the thing you know it's
not it's they do it suddenly enough it's
not Jim Crow again
conservative is more like northern
bigotry where like they just seat you in
the wrong place
no but they speak to you by the men's
room right and that's that's the issues
really you know getting down to it
inside we want to be accurate with it
but it is happening at YouTube for
example you know lead door and I think
you know lead door he's a friend of mine
he did how the world works he has one of
the first youtubers and he hasn't done a
video he just released his first video
in a year
and the only reason he was spurred on to
do it was because YouTube removed a
video of hits from a year ago no I went
through my channels and I and I got it
back up so YouTube said it was a mistake
good on them I want to give them credit
where it's due they did fix it but would
they have fixed it if I didn't go in
that's and have direct context at the
head of YouTube you know what his video
was his video was about how the Japanese
weren't the victims in World War two
because there was a rash of YouTube
videos because all we dropped the nuke
and it made these the Japanese people
love to be these sympathetic characters
not not a part of the axis of evil with
the Nazis um and he explained the
Japanese also explained about their
their aggression their encroachment with
China and this video was removed as hate
speech so it was a glitch but my concern
is that they have a lot of glitches with
smaller channels so I never want to be
that guy who says well we're unaffected
like a lot of big conservative sites
sometimes they'll do that because we're
effectively you know amongst the the
biggest YouTube conservative YouTube
channels out there certainly the biggest
comedy channel but I don't want to turn
a blind eye to a lot of other midsize
and small channels who are getting who
are feeling the brunt of this so I've
always encouraged them to tweet me at @s
crowd if that's happening and we look
into it I mean they have been selling
themselves this narrative for a
hundred-year well not for a hundred
years but it's definitely since the 60s
that there's their opinion and then
there's hate there's their way of
looking at it and then everything else
is hatred so it's very easy for them to
slip into this idea that anybody who
says anything of a concern I mean look
at you know this thing with anti Fah and
Tifa now we got to put the accent on the
tea it's a yeah but it's okay if you get
it wrong they just hit you over the head
with a stick
you know they here they are they're
beating people up you know you know
Larry O'Connor right
John Deasy now yeah he's he's a really
good guys Breitbart guy and he wrote
this thing today where he was saying the
media does not go around when and Tifa
dress up and masks and they beat people
up it doesn't go around to every
Democrat and say will you disavow will
you disavow these people the way they do
with us and the Nazis basically I mean
they keep coming at us like we're we
have some connection to the Nazis don't
you find that kind of double standard is
going on all the time
yeah I think it really sucks I here's
something else I was reading this today
where it said in the LA Times said you
know antiph approach Esther's proved to
be problem for you know for left-wing
activist yeah I had this realization
because I'll say you know everyone
disavows right away though the white
supremacists or white nationalists
whoever dat mainstream conservatives
right
they say ant if it proves to be problem
for left-wing activists okay this was
the headline or the subtext of the
headline can you name me any other
left-wing activism groups today that
aren't associated directly with or in
support of organizations like anti fun
black lives matter I mean if you remove
all the organizations that commit
terrorist acts and burn down their own
crap by the way so you remove an Chifa
you remove black lives matter you remove
indivisible you remove you know p-hat
economic sir I know we want to keep this
clean here unfortunately the Democrats
make it impossible when you're using the
social lexicon machine can you think of
any left-wing activists we're having a
problem all of the left-wing activists
are in support of these organizations
that's the truth I don't want to tar and
feather anyone because of a small but it
is left-wing activism it's all I mean
it's even the press I mean it is the
press that CNN said they're they're
using violence and support of peace I
mean fans ends take on antifa and whose
thank you I mean look you got a look at
you you are I hate to admit this but you
are one of the funniest people I I know
and you have to look at the at comedy
Stumbler is going to your head no it's
just I mean is it you're not
intentionally funny I'm laughing at you
of course but like you you've got a look
at late-night comedy I mean this this
kind of drives me crazy I look at every
single comedian is a Trump hater and
their level of comedy is F Trump and
then everybody shouts how transgressive
and original and creative that is and
that's it I mean there is nobody on the
not one person on the other side I mean
that's got to make you little nuts well
no cuz we're the only one so we're
really happy with it like we've never
been trying to compete with cable news
with this show right it's a late-night
show people watch it this is the only
really conservative late-night
a couple awful attempts where and you
know this as a guy who's been a
tremendous writer and unlike a prolific
writer for our time writing scripts and
writing books it's got to piss you off
when conservatives who've made their
money in banking or conservatives have
made their money and nonprofits go I
know I'll do entertainment now and they
just take someone and they try to make
them a host so there's been some
half-hearted attempts at that and
conservatism but yeah I mean did you you
know that you the actual numbers like
nightly luer nightly viewers for Jimmy
Fallon right now you know the The
Tonight Show
you know what the numbers are no take a
guess because I was surprised that's
kind of I mean millions of it guess I
mean I don't know it's like what what
would be a good audience for for a show
like that yeah on NBC The Tonight Show
The Tonight Show used to be am I wrong
to say The Tonight Show it used to be in
the tens of millions
yeah no you're not wrong at all yeah
back to Johnny Carson and then when it
was that you know Letterman and Leno
they were you know seven eight million
apiece and then towards the end of you
know he's doing the bottom bottom was
you know five Fallon's getting two
million people Wow you know Trevor notes
I'm getting a million people right so
when you look at the hundreds of
millions of dollars behind these people
I mean we're incredibly don't we're not
people who go out and talk about our
numbers lot but we're incredibly
grateful and that's why these people
having a problem they're losing their
influence they're losing their impact
and I know some of it is measured by by
Hulu you look at these things but when
you look at like Amy Schumer like Amy
Schumer's show a good example her last
season on Comedy Central was doing four
hundred and ninety five thousand viewers
in the 24 hour period and they reran it
like three times I've includes like hour
to network so these people are losing
their stranglehold so I think you know
we've just tried to move on past this
where conservatives you know they're
really good at bitching and sometimes or
not sometimes they're not really good at
taking action we've moved past this idea
of the like oh why isn't there
conservative doing it we're just doing
it and we're happy with was the thing
growing we're happy with people who tune
in and support the show and and pretty
quickly they're calling it the race to
the middle and media la people don't
really understand that this is why
you're seeing you to a lot of the
censorship ties back into it because
it's the race to the middle a big a big
portion of the success of late-night
shows now is measured by YouTube
actually for some people that's more
important than their nightly viewership
and so you're seeing Samantha bee you're
seeing Trevor no you're seeing all these
other shows Conan in these shows you
know that sort of second-tier shows
we're pretty tit-for-tat with them
considering that we were a show that
started in a den with me and my not gay
producer like really we're pretty James
coordinates and those stones and what's
happening is these big studios are going
oh my gosh the capital on YouTube they
don't really make money but their
capital is their eyeballs their capital
is their viewership and there's far less
viewership on television so they're
going after the capital on YouTube the
viewers but the problem is viewers to
organically are rejecting them again
comparably when you're taking into
account budget right you know you might
have Seth Meyers you might have Conan
have overall but your viewership when
you add in the hundreds of millions of
dollars it's not really the same as
someone who just has you know a few
people on YouTube and so they're racing
to the middle they go we know we're
never gonna get 15 million viewers again
or even 6 million and the people who are
doing podcasts were doing hundreds of
thousands they're getting up well into
the millions
and then these late-night shows are
coming down and it's that race to the
middle and YouTube is trying to appeal
to the people not necessarily who have
the best viewership who have the best
content but who have the most money you
know it's it's really good for YouTube
to cozy up to Time Warner really isn't
that funny that John Oliver people don't
talk about this one after the sinclair
broadcasting group about this you know
about them buying up these local
stations like you your parent company is
Time Warner merging with AT&T there
couldn't be a worse more satanic
Leviathan than this than this unholy
conglomeration I cannot believe totally
ignores it so it's a really exciting
time with with media in a sense that
conservatives don't just have to
complain anymore they can do it you guys
are doing that that is you're absolutely
right and conservatives are a little bit
like the Jews they can't take yes for an
answer and I think sometimes I can say
that because I'm in Shapiro studio so I
get a pass as you went with the history
I have to ask you before I let you go I
have to ask you the all-important
question you are a mixed martial artist
by which I mean that you can actually I
think and then two out of three Falls
you can probably beat your wife in a
fight and
Magruder about exactly as I expected as
a matter of fact tonight we're having a
sacred cow cookout debunk it Bruce Lee
Bruce we're gonna get more hate for this
and it Bruce Lee it's a total farce the
guy never fought a day in his life he
was ten pounds lighter and two inches
shorter than not gay Jarrod was lucky to
squat Knight was weak as a kitten
couldn't fight didn't know anything
about martial arts and was a compulsive
liar and this this new film came out
right you know with him and what Wong
Jack man it was three minutes they were
fighting like children and none of the
eyewitness accounts were consistent so
yeah listen right that being said right
now I'm not sure I have like knees like
mr. glass from unbreakable so I've had a
recurring the surgery Oh excuses yeah
excuses excuses yeah now that being said
I'm still pretty sure I could strangle
Floyd Mayweather on live television when
I watched McGregor and Floyd Mayweather
and it's boxing and I didn't expect
Conor to do well I think I said he has a
few tricks up his sleeves we're actually
going to have his coach coach Cavanaugh
on the show this week but it went about
exactly six you know Fleming oh there's
a slow starter and I don't think he
planned to lose the rounds he's always a
slow started to feel it feel it out I
don't think he planted to a kidney punch
I don't think he planned on getting
worked at all he just but he was
probably giving more space to Conor than
then Conor maybe knew and he was he was
going up he was depleting his gas tank
and that being said I watched this fight
and it just makes you realize how dead
boxing is right before Floyd and conquer
the audience is empty I'm like this is a
world title match and a guy pulled up
you got like 19 belts and while you got
him at McDonald's with a happy meal
because there's like 25 divisions in the
UFC there's five no one watches it
anymore it doesn't mean and when the
defense here's one thing I will say now
people can be more John my fighting one
thing I will say if you watch classic
boxing it's much more similar to Conor
style now why is that
and then then people can can that then
we'll go but this is kind of a farce
history because boxing before they got
these big pillow punching gloves guess
what you couldn't do this peekaboo guard
because see here I can still get hit it
doesn't work like when you don't have
Johnny gloves so that and people you
they would also break their hands
so it was a lot more circling pawing and
trying to line up a shot once they got
the big loves and the quater quadruple
wraps on their hands then all of a
sudden you start seeing that punches in
bunches cuz no one's afraid of their
hands and so it changed the defense so
you see flame ever doing this and then
working the rules ducking down and
turning his back which is like literally
15 times in the fights they please
strangle me please triangle you belt in
jujitsu it wouldn't even be close so
listen Floyd Mayweather is probably the
best defensive boxer that has ever lived
leagues better than Muhammad Ali or Mike
Tyson that were not even close
not even close that being said he's not
even close to inadequately prepared
fighter and I'm really excited that
we're in a time in history where that BS
has been debunked just as kind of a
skeptic that's I know it doesn't sound
political but the Bruce Lee thing the
boxing thing the kung fu thing we know
that it was all a lie that none of it
ever worked and I'm happy about that Wow
I got to say you know Crowder does know
a lot about this because so many people
want to punch him steven crowder from
louder with Crowder is great it's great
to see you I never get to see you I only
get to interview you wouldn't be
interviewed by you but it's good but
it's good to see you know how come
anytime just don't just watch it with
the with the did you see the latest
leave that's I'm glad he didn't escape
from his box and run back to the jungle
before we had a chance to talk to uh
sexual Follies do we have sexual phones
I don't even want to do this spots
anyway I just have the opening of the
clothes new here's new figures released
now while these are not new figures now
there's about a year ago but they show
that overall reported crimes on college
campuses decreased by 34 percent between
2001 and 2013 however reports of
forcible sex crimes on college campuses
increased by a hundred and twenty six
percent over this same period and rates
are rising in sheer numbers between 2012
and 2013 alone the reported number of
forcible sex crimes rose almost 25% from
4,000 to 5,000 does that mean that in
fact suddenly you go to college and you
get raped I do not believe this is
something happened in those years in
that year especially in 2012 that really
changed everything and what it was was
what is called a Dear Colleague letter
from the Obama administration from an
office in the a federal agency the
federal agency charged with enforcing
the federal anti-discrimination statutes
like Title 9 right title 9 was basically
the tightly statute that forbid
discrimination on the basis of sex and
it was basically put in there to make
sure that girls got enough sports events
that was his main use Barack Obama Rhian
reinterpreted this to include sexual
harassment and sexual attacks and
encourage that's it that's not fair to
say demanded essentially that any
college any university which took
federal funds and that includes
universities where people get federal
loans so it's like basically almost
every University
I mean Hillsdale I think Hillsdale
College it's one of the very very few
that doesn't accept it but everybody
else they told them you had better bring
these people when a woman makes a charge
against a man
you hold the tribunal and you should
accept the preponderance of evidence
that means if it seems likely if it
seems likely that this guy did it you
convict him and both the defendant and
the accused have the right to appeal so
that means if you're cleared the person
you can be tried again so all of due
process was thrown out the window and
suddenly we have
this absolute monstrous thing of men on
campus who can be accused by any girl
who doesn't like what happened last
night or any girl who just doesn't like
him or anybody else and they are now put
before this kangaroo court because of
course rape is a horrible horrible crime
it should be investigated by the police
so that due process is out there but
what has really happened I mean they're
their stories now we're a third person
there's a story about a an athlete what
was her name she is a she was an athlete
who went out with an athlete and she
here it is I'll get it right now it is
Matt Bohr Meester was the guy he was a
former USC football key kicker and Zoe
Katz who was the tennis player and they
were wrestling with each other they were
clowning around horse you know having
some horseplay and somebody reported
this as rape and they just began to
torment her because she was defending
her boyfriend saying hey the guy he has
always treated me great we were horsing
around and some other bitter you know
person to phone this in and now I'm the
Zoe is the villain is being treated like
a villain because she won't do it this
is a war part of the war against men
that is being waged by feminists that's
what it comes down to and really it
starts I think I believe that it starts
with feminists trying to convince women
that their attitude towards sex is
exactly the same as men men we know kind
of you know have a fairly cold attitude
toward sex they have a very powerful
external sex drive it doesn't mean they
don't want a bond that doesn't mean that
they don't want to love people it simply
means that their sex drive can overpower
their wits everybody knows this men can
be very quickly overpowered by lust so
that they sleep with anything that moves
and they will throw away a lifetime of
commitment they will throw away their
promises they'll do all kinds of stupid
things couple of drinks a couple of
drinks in a couple of weeks and they
will throw away everything they believe
so they told these women oh well it's
the same for you you can treat sex the
same way but of course women you know
want more bonding they were they're
different than men women are different
than men that's what it comes down to
and they want they want more bonding
they want more protection they want more
commitment and so you have these
girl's going out and getting plastered
to prove that they could keep up with
the men and to also not be left out you
know because if that's what women are
doing to get attention then you want to
be part of the game so they get
plastered guys take advantage of them
when they're plastered guys who are also
plastered or no more in no more
condition to make a decision than the
girl is and then suddenly they wake up
and they say they're raped and of course
in my day we had a rule right and this
side this rule was put into practice
several times by even yours truly when a
girl had had too much to drink you took
her home you took her home you didn't
take advantage of her because you were
being chivalrous my daughter faith Moore
has a has rights for PJ Media and you
can find her on the parenting page at PJ
Media and she wrote a piece called
please for everyone's sake teach your
sons to be chivalrous and she was
talking about the fact that she was in
the park in a city park with her son my
grandson and some guy came along and
stole her diaper bag you know cuz women
keep everything in the diaper bag and
this guy walked off with her diaper bag
she saw him and she just lost it and she
picked up her son put him on her hip and
ran after the guy wagged her finger in
his face and said give me back my bag
and not a single man and there were men
there not a single man came up to help
her and she said she said in the era of
radical feminism in which women and men
are supposedly exactly the same a man
coming to a woman's aid is a pointless
exercise is the idea or worse it's
offensive
have I been any other women woman in
that politically flecked correct
playground she says I might very well
have been offended had a man stepped in
feeling that I would have stood just as
much chance of taking the robber on in a
fight as any man but I'm not any other
woman in that playground I live in
reality at that man tried to hurt me I'd
have been overpowered it might have been
nice to have a little muscle to back me
up and she talks about this is faith
more PJ media she talks about an article
in scary mommy where a woman named Rita
Templeton says she says how can I teach
my son's that women are equals in every
way
yet still tape tell them that they are
the most likely the ones were
expected to pay on a date and open doors
and adopt the general attitude of ladies
first when interacting with the opposite
sex she says if I were dating I'd far
rather date a man who makes me feel
special with those little gestures that
one who treats than one who treats our
quality time the same way he would an
outing with his best but my daughter
faith more concludes with this those
little gestures aren't just to make us
feel special they're to let us know we
are safe that the things a man does to
tell us that even though he's twice our
size and twice as strong he won't hurt
us he pulls out our chair or pays for
our meal or opens the door for us not
because we don't know how to pull out
chairs open doors or pay for things but
because it shows us that he'll be using
his superior strength to care for us not
kill us and that if someone comes along
who seems like he does want to kill us
he'll use his superior strength to make
sure that other guy takes a hike you can
have it one of two ways either women are
exactly the same as men and can be
treated the exactly the same way where
they are not the same and deserve a
little extra consideration in a world in
which for various reasons not just
because they're smaller but also because
they're taking care of children no woman
with a child on her hip should have to
face down a robber you know you should
be a guy should do that the guy the guy
should do it and I mean that this is the
thing it you can have it one or two ways
this nonsense that we are being told to
psychosis that men and women are the
same which also doesn't make any sense
because then they tell you he's a man
he's a woman inside a man's body I mean
if they're the same how would he know
how would he know he's alive inside
doesn't make any sense so it's it's just
completely irrational and it's it's
irrational and it leave makes the world
worse and it makes women's life
especially worse it's women who get it
in the neck through feminism stupid
stuff sexual Follies play that thing
again I love to see
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show I hope tomorrow we will have
air conditioning but we will whether we
have air conditioning or not we will
have the mailbag so get your questions
in if your subscriber we will answer
them all answers guaranteed 100% correct
see you then
