as hurricane Harvey batters Texas and
rescue workers do their best to mitigate
the enormous damage President Trump
deftly side SEPs the tsunami of negative
press that the mainstream media have
been waiting to unleash again since this
time 12 years ago plus finally once
again roaming millennial Amanda presto
Giacomo and naka Jarrod joined the panel
of deplorable z-- to discuss Amazon's
Whole Foods price cut Obama's soon to be
deported dreamers and a new study on the
best ways to buy happiness
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Dahl show
well everybody happy national bowtie day
it is you may have noticed a little
something different about my appearance
this one was given to me by a Republican
political operative buddy of mine bill
in New York I think he got it at the
Union League club there which is a
conservative Club and I say I think that
all men should know how to tie a bowtie
it is a skill that any good gentleman
should know and you should use that
skill very rarely or else you become
like Bill Nye or something Bill Nye the
not very scientific guy so a happy
national vote today I hope you all
celebrate as well and I also have to
thank a little bit of news over the
weekend we were off we didn't have a
show on Friday and I came home on Friday
I never checked my mail so my mailbox is
stuffed with like a hundred Wall Street
journals and letters and stuff and
there's a letter in there from the White
House there's a letter from so I open it
up and it's from President Trump
actually he was thanking me for my
literary contribution and I think the
letter said congratulations on your
success keep up the good works we thank
you president Trump a true supporter of
scholarship and fine literature really
appreciate it and speaking of President
Trump and doing a good job
we have his response to hurricane Harvey
so just in short I'm sure you've all
been seeing the news clips and reading
about it this has been truly a
catastrophe it's been even worse than
anyone predicted there are six people
confirmed dead already but rescue
workers haven't even gotten to the
hardest hit parts of Houston and other
parts of Texas Houston is expected to
get a total of 50 inches of rain that's
a it's an annual total in two or three
days they got 20 inches of rain within
24 hours there have there more than
3,000 National Guard troops deployed
already 130 mile an hour winds and
President Trump will travel to Texas on
Tuesday so he'll travel tomorrow now the
the similarities between this and
Hurricane Katrina are pretty eerie
actually Hurricane Katrina happened
almost 12 years to the day before
hurricane Harvey did the Katrina was on
August 29th Harvey's on August 25th both
presidents were on vacation President
Trump was at Camp David as this was
happening the media have both been
waiting to pounce on the presidents for
things that are beyond their control
they're both ready to criticize all of
the verbal responses so last week before
going to Camp David President Trump was
asked if he had last-minute advice for
Texas before the hurricane made landfall
this was his response it audio is a
little bit hard to hear but he's asked
as he's walking to the helicopter he's
asked do you have any advice for the
people of Texas he says good luck just a
perfectly reasonable thing to say except
that the president is expected to give
grand statements of spiritual
consolation and you know high-minded
advice and that's just not what this
president is for this president is a guy
who just goes into deregulation he's a
guy who's moving around all of his his
administrators he's a guy who's in the
weeds in the politics but he doesn't
really rise up to this great moral
speaker in a way that we've come to
expect from presidents you know
President Obama was sort of the opposite
all he would do is give these grandiose
speeches and he couldn't actually
accomplish anything through his own
policies or through pushing legislation
so he's been roundly criticized for
saying that you could see the mainstream
media had their fangs out to just rip
this guy to shreds the president from
has asked what to say to Texas he says
good luck you know is everywhere
Washington Post Politico ran a piece
that was very honest about the political
perils of this storm knowing what
happened to President Bush in Hurricane
Katrina so you remember during Hurricane
Katrina here was President Bush's
response just a few days after he had
been criticized for his lack of a
response to the natural disaster
Americans have every right to expect a
more effective response in a time of
emergency when the federal government
fails to meet such an obligation I as
president am responsible for the problem
and for the solution so President Bush
as always he's take
responsibility even when it isn't
exactly his responsibility to take the
troubles with Katrina were largely
failures of local government of
Democrats who destroyed that city who
didn't prepare for these storms didn't
have sufficient levees to keep the water
out and and the federal government did
respond he was criticized for not going
to Louisiana which he said he didn't do
because he didn't want to cause more
trouble there and make it more difficult
to lead the recovery efforts
nevertheless this still wasn't enough
and then we got the most famous
criticism of President Bush's response
from that famed that world renowned
psychologist Kanye West just to imagine
if I was if I was down there and those
are those are my people down there
anybody out there that wants to do
anything that we can help with with the
set of the way America is set up to help
the the poor the the black people the
the less well-off as slow as possible I
mean this is Red Cross is doing
everything they can
we already realized a lot of the people
that could help are at war right now
fighting another way and they've given
them permission to go down and shoot us
George Bush doesn't care about black
people please call Mike Mike Meyers this
response they're looking at guy knew
it's a poor guy it's like did I stood
her just like a train just hit him and
of course there's the ever eloquent
Kanye West I'm not they say that too
right well is to think clearly that's
why it's so hard
I think the same might be true of
speaking so anyway none of this was
enough for President Bush he I made the
right decision not to go to New Orleans
and not to further add to the chaos
President Trump is not making these
mistakes he is he has clearly learned
from his predecessor he knows the media
if President Bush was the the worst at
maneuvering around the mainstream media
of any modern president President Trump
is he's a creature of it he was made for
it he he is the media I think that's why
he's so good at navigating through them
so what's he doing now he's tweeting
he's tweeting a lot he knows he's
unlikely to get a fair shake in the
press
so he's gonna write the story himself he
sent out 22 tweets in the last few days
himself about hurricane Harvey and then
four retweets of local officials and
other federal officials Pruitt and
vice-president pence the vast majority
of his Twitter timeline is him talking
about hurricane Harvey we get as
hurricane Harvey intensifies to remember
to plan ahead I have spoken with
Governor Abbott of Texas Louisiana
governor Edwards closely monitoring
hurricane RV you can't tell me I'm not
monitoring I told you myself
I received a hurricane Harvey briefing
this morning I encourage everyone in the
path of hurricane Harvey to heed the
advice just arrived at Camp David where
I am closely watching the path and
doings of hurricane Harvey be safe in
that wonderful trumpian fashion of all
caps and an exclamation point on and on
we will remain fully engaged with open
lines of communication to ensure your
safety ahead of Harvey heed the warnings
he's repeating himself even but he will
not be accused of not paying attention
to this and of letting the this disaster
consumed the local area without a
federal response the mainstream media or
furious they are furious that he's
handling this well so Vox tweeted out a
headline president Trump's response to
hurricane Harvey devastation Wow
Trump's bowled over by Harvey's size and
scale not its impact on victims
absolutely ridiculous in one of these 26
tweets he used the word Wow to describe
an unprecedented hurricane in Texas I
think that's fair enough and if that
were in an upper box they said here's
when President Trump's response to
hurricane Harvey will really matter
whatever he says well it's unfolding
matters far less than what he does in
the coming weeks
they're basically admitting we were
hoping that this guy would screw it up
while it's happening just like President
Bush did he didn't so now we have to say
that doesn't really matter even though
three days ago they said that he needed
a robust response while it was happening
that good luck wasn't enough so now
they're saying we just need to watch the
coming weeks that is not enough and all
of this misses the point a little bit on
the difference between the federal
government and the state and local
governments this is a regional issue
it's a state issue so we're all turning
to the president to see how the federal
government is going to react really I
think this undercuts a lot of the
federalism
the in the principles of limited
government that we constantly are
talking about on the right
CNN Believe It or Not CNN which John
Nolte assures me is Hitler and Isis CNN
was shockingly somewhat honest in their
headline today they said quote I know
this is this is truly a magical day
maybe we've all just been wiped into the
apocalypse and where we're seeing the
impossible the quote Trump meeting and
tweeting his Harvey moment so CNN is
acknowledging Trump is really rising to
the occasion here he's plugged in he's
being serious in his response he's not
yelling at celebrities or something he's
being earnest and he's actually talking
to officials and and broadcasting that
for all of us they had to get that
little guy been that he's tweeting about
it but the only reason he's tweeting
about it is because you guys wouldn't
give him a fair shake if he didn't if he
didn't have that direct line of
communication to the American people all
we would be hearing is a replay of 2005
and Donald Trump doesn't care about
black B I don't know how many black
people there are in Houston but Donald
Trump doesn't care about Texans or
something like that and fortunately for
him and for us on the right and his
Americans he is able to sidestep those
Democrat hacks with that we have to
bring on our panel this is a very
special day this is the longest that I
have gone since launching my show
without speaking to roaming millennial
it has been hell I have the shakes I've
been in withdrawal
we have roaming millennial back we have
Amanda presto Giacomo from The Daily
wire back we just had her in studio last
week and not gay Jerrod
the one and only not gray Jerrod host of
the morning grinders and he's on some
other guys show with some kind of lager
side I don't forget the details roaming
what role has what role is the tweeting
played in this news cycle I think it's
actually been really smart of Trump to
say like you said almost not overdo it
but just really make sure to cover all
his bases make sure that there is no way
that anyone can accuse him of not taking
this seriously or you know trying to
sidestep this I mean I think if the
Charlottesville incident kind of taught
him anything it's that he needs to be
you know almost shove it down these
people's throats like what he thinks
what he cares about and so I as always
with his Twitter I think
he has this great tool to just reach out
to people and kind of even sites up any
of the need to go through the media to
communicate with his base and even
people who are critical of him and I
think you know there have been some
rough instances of his Twitter use but
this is an instance where he's actually
done a good job in my opinion that's
right and he hasn't tweeted very much
about Charlottesville in he was
basically silent about it until he gave
that statement and it seemed to come
back and bite him do you think he should
have used Twitter during Charlottesville
to you know what I was someone who I was
satisfied with his initial condemnation
of all violence hatred and bigotry and I
was further satisfied by his explicit
condemnation of neo-nazis in the KKK
that you would allow that kind of
realized rhetoric to really you know
kind of taking him as at his word this
new thing but you know he actually did I
think initially tweet out at least one
thing you know condemning violence
generally on Twitter but if we look at
people like Paul Ryan Marco Rubio and
you know even someone like Mitt Romney
who were very very vocal about this on
social media there are people who the
you know mainstream media have actually
been praising in regards to this so for
I don't know the leftist elites at least
that is more what they were looking for
but again you know I think there are
people that they're just never gonna be
happy with anything he does anyway right
so he might as well get his message out
there not good you're right
were the attacks on Bush during
Hurricane Katrina and I know you were
like for during Hurricane Katrina I was
yeah you can barely remember this but
were the attacks on him fair looking
back on it now through the lens of
hurricane Harvey was it fair or or did
he did he just not fight back against an
unfair media narrative I think Trump
really has paved the way for the
pushback I don't know that's such a
different world we live in now compared
to back then you know there was no
Twitter for for Bush to take advantage
of to write to you know get his message
out there I don't know I think gosh how
old would I have been I would have been
15 15 all this happens so for me to even
look back at through the lens of today
it's not only just warped and so
different radically different the way
the media is I think the the
presentation the pushback that we as
conservatives have on the constant media
just it didn't exist I would have liked
in hindsight to see a bush maybe just
push back a lot more
not take you know the blame for things
that maybe weren't his fault but that's
difficult one I don't know 2017 just
changes everything changed the lens of
you you try to force history through
that lens it becomes really weird and
awkward place kind of like I was in as a
15 year old not the news certainly I
know you that's a great point we are
hitting Bush a lot I think because he
didn't fight back he never pushed back
on the media all of these awful Bush
lied people died no war for oil all
these lies that they promoted but the
question is how would he have fought
back you know Donald Trump is a creature
of reality TV that he essentially made
himself and back then there was no real
direct line of communication that's true
we might be be a little unfair to mr.
George W Bush Amanda very like can you
imagine if there would have been Bush
Twitter though I mean and we kind of
missed out on something potentially
great there I hear a Netflix series and
I don't think you would have given given
the media quite the gifts Trump does
though sometimes so when you know when
Trump does come out I had a problem it
was it yesterday Sunday Saturday Trump
came out tweeted something about his
winning big Lee in Missouri kind of
tweets I do think Trump needs to be
careful with not handing the media
they're not gonna let me win no matter
what but when you hand them gifts when
they say you're the dumbest president in
the war in the history of the presidency
and you come out stare directly into the
Sun that's a gift give the media gifts
to run with because it's it's it's it's
not helping you at all it's so it takes
away from the things he does that are
legitimately you know smart wise
strategic moves as a president it's also
literally a gift it's also literally a
movie and again right looked at the Sun
still not blind so take that science
absolutely the people heap showed the
opposite of what people were saying he
was showing you know they said up there
he doesn't believe the fake news so he's
gonna blind himself doesn't look blind
to me looks like he has great vision
vision for future Amanda why are we so
focused on the federal response here
this is basically a state and regional
issue obviously it's a tremendous state
and regional issue but the
federal government has promised to
support state and local governments why
aren't we looking at the governor's why
is everything focused on the president
yeah well this is what happened during
Katrina and it was actually President
Bush did a fine job but it's the local
level that fumbled everything and he got
blamed for it and like we saw in that
video clip george w bush because he's
just an honorable guy took
responsibility when he shouldn't have
that wasn't his fault
they were stonewalling him they told him
no like we don't stand down we don't
need you we don't need help they
evacuate she was terrible they delayed
it way too long that was all their
fumble and this is a local regional
thing and now we look at what's going on
in Texas and there was much better
management at the local and state level
and that's why we're seeing this great
success
yes president Trump is offering support
as he should so did George W Bush the
difference is the optics George Bush
does that you know I'm sorry it's my
fault Donald Trump goes his Twitter feed
and shows no I'm doing this as men I'm
doing a great job yeah local state thing
and then of course the federal
government is therefore supporter but
this is more local than anything else I
even found his good luck to be clearly
well-intentioned and fairly on point
he's not saying I'm going to abandon you
in the storm he's saying this obviously
we're not going to be able to
effectively control disaster relief from
thousands of miles away so good luck
take care of yourselves and we'll be
there when you need to recover yeah it
doesn't matter we're going to jump on
him anyway so even a good luck trigger
them so absolutely all right we have to
say goodbye now to Facebook in YouTube
it makes me sad it makes me as sad as it
makes you but you can turn it all around
by going to daily wire comm right now
and subscribing it's ten dollars a month
or 100 dollars a year you get me Andrew
Klavan the Ben Shapiro show and the
leftist tears tumblr it is the the only
vessel for having your delicious leftist
ears it keeps them hot or cold always
salty and delicious
one thing I love doing I've lost my
earpiece one thing I love doing is
storing my steven crowder mug in the
leftist here's tumblr I get to drink
them both it's very very delicious
right now do the higher calm
thank you to everyone who's already
subscribing we appreciate it we'll be
right back
