so President Trump is at a pretty rough
two-week stretch how is it possible that
the left is blowing it like completely
blowing it we will explain in four
simple steps how the left is destroying
itself I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show okay so many a thing to
discuss but the truth is that the left
is really destroying its own capacity to
stop President Trump you know they've
been whining and bitching about
President Trump consistently ever since
his election and far before and now they
finally have a two-week period where
Trump is just a gaffe machine you just
going out and saying silly thing after
silly thing and the left can't stop
themselves they can't stop themselves
because their end game here their entire
endgame is to castigate all of their
political opponents as Nazis and Trump
sycophants and in their pursuit of this
endgame they've forgotten they don't
actually need to do that in order to win
so we're gonna discuss how in four
simple steps they're alienating the
American people how it is that they are
taking the president who has right now a
34% popularity rating and possibly
boosting him to reelect in real life in
victory and how it's very possible they
may not even went back the house will
talk about all of that but first I want
to say thank you to our sponsors over at
ProFlowers so last time I was away on
travel I decided that it would be a good
idea to send my wife flowers I do this a
lot when I'm away on travel but the only
company that I trusted to do this is
proflowers.com right now you get 20% off
of any of their unique summer rose
bouquets or any other bouquet of $29 or
more they're colorful rainbow roses
always a hit if you don't know what to
send I sent them I think a couple of
weeks ago to my wife the ProFlowers
bouquets are guaranteed to stay fresh
for at least seven days or your money
back and you control the delivery date
if something breaks they'll correct it
right away we actually had a vase break
and they immediately sent a replacement
ProFlowers gives you more bloom for your
buck big beautiful flowers with more
stems for your money right now if you
want to get 20% off summer roses or any
other bouquet of twenty nine dollars or
more go to proflowers.com use my code
Bend show at checkout go pro flowers and
Ben Ben show and check out you get a
bedding bouquet of $29 more you get a
20% discount on they are beautiful and
they really do last means much better
than store-bought that's proflowers.com
and use that code Ben show it'll
definitely make your spouse's or your
girlfriend's day make sure that you do
that mom
day anybody it's good for all relatives
who enjoy flowers proflowers.com and use
that promo code been show to get 20% off
also that lets them know that we sent
you okay so the Democrats are coming off
a two-week period what are the President
of the United States pretended he didn't
know what the alt-right was and then
said there were very fine people at a
torchlight rally with white supremacists
and there's somehow losing some how
they're losing see this is the amazing
thing you look at the polling data right
now what the polling data shows is in
North Carolina for example poll
yesterday Trump would still be Hillary
Clinton forty three thirty nine and this
was the case all throughout the election
cycle and there's been a lot of talk for
the last two years about how the
elections the polls they're all a
referendum on Trump the world revolves
around Trump Trump is our son and we all
revolve around him in planetary orbit
the reality is that the last election
cycle was not about Trump the last
election cycle is about Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump just showed how unpopular
Hillary Clinton is that's all that
election cycle was it wasn't about Trump
being some genius god-king
it wasn't about forty chests upside down
underwater Hungry Hungry Hippos mega
mega mega it wasn't about any of that
stuff is about Hillary Clinton is the
least appealing human being ever to walk
the planet Hillary Clinton makes the
white walkers on Game of Thrones look as
though they are attractive date
prospects okay Hillary Clinton was a
garbage candidate she was such a bad
candidate that this is real statistic
okay Donald Trump won fewer votes in
Wisconsin than Mitt Romney did in 2012
and he won the state Hillary Clinton no
one likes her okay so what that means
and you looked at the polls altering the
election cycle and what you saw was
Trump was very consistent always between
forty and forty three percent the entire
election until he got to 46 right at the
end Hillary Clinton was bouncing around
between 50 and 39 15 and 30 nets have
really broad range that's a really broad
range so what Democrats seem to neglect
and all of their hatred of Trump is that
they have to not suck and they are
failing at this very simple task of not
sucking and there are four ways that
they are failing at this very simple
test so the first thing they do is they
pick unpopular issues so recall all the
way back to last week when President
Trump gave his ridiculous press
conference after he had already given a
press conference where he made a very
good statement about why he doesn't like
the KKK and neo-nazis this is a one-foot
pipe okay as it's happened the next day
he comes out he says
well what I said yesterday um no no and
say he does that for no reason and all
his advisors are saying dude what like
John Kelly is looking around and saying
to himself I can't believe this is my
life now hey everyone is wondering what
he's doing so the Democrats have a great
talking point they have a great talking
point I can cut the Democrat ad for them
okay the Democratic ad is Donald Trump's
it okay it's a clip from the
Charlottesville rally the Friday night
Charlottesville rally with all of the
white supremacists and Richard Spencer
and people chanting Jews aren't will not
replace us and then a clip of Donald
Trump saying very fine people we're at
that and then a clip of Donald Trump
with ex congressional candidate shaking
his hand that's the ad Frankie ad writes
itself it's the easiest thing in the
world so what do the Democrats do they
do the thing that they are the best at
they are unbelievably stupid they decide
that what is deeply important is to talk
about Confederate statues right this is
what they're going to talk about
Confederate statues so they move from an
issue where 95% of the population agrees
neo-nazis bad and they move instead to
an issue where 50% of the population
thinks they're wrong okay there's a
Quinnipiac poll that came out yesterday
so 50% of Americans don't want to get
rid of these Confederate memorials or
don't care about it and 39% say they
want to get rid of them so what are the
media choose to do what does the Left
choose to do let's talk about
Confederate memorials do you understand
how dumb this is there's now a
cataclysmically stupid this is okay it's
incredible and it's exactly what the
alt-right wanted why do you think the
alt-right rallied around a robert e lee
statue you think they did it cuz they
really care that deeply about a robert e
lee statue
the reason the alt right and white
supremacists rallied around the robert e
lee's statue is because they were
attempting to demonstrate to the public
that there was a broad swath of people
who agree with them there aren't a broad
swath of people who agree with them but
there are a lot of people who agree with
them on the Confederate statue issue for
different reasons not because they think
that slavery was great like some of the
members of the white supremacist groups
believe but because they believe that
this is part of American history don't
wipe away American history just because
it's uncomfortable so what are the
Democrats do what are the what is left
do they decide that it is imperative
that we have this out right now they did
the same thing after Dylann storm roof
right Dylann storm roof goes and he and
he shoots up a black church and he kills
what was it 19 people something like
that and I can't remember the exact
number he feels I think it was 19 or 20
people he kills an enormous number of
people
murders them in cold blood he's a white
supremacist piece of human feces so what
do we do do we talk about why white
supremacism is bad no we have a
nationwide conversation about the
Confederate flag which literally
millions of people do not hold in
contempt and do not think connects with
white supremacism because the left
constantly is trying to broaden out
their agenda they can't just target the
people we all agree suck they have to
instead try to lump in all of the people
they don't like with all the people that
we all agree suck but they have to make
that into one giant group so their first
step first step in the democratic
failures they pick unpopular issues so
here are two issues that are unpopular
they affect they've picked the
Confederate flag issue and they're the
Confederate statue issue even Chris
Matthew don't have a stake and Chris
Matthew got comes at a show right even
he recognizes that all of this stuff
about the Confederate statues has no
limiting principle meaning they're the
same people who want to rip down the
Confederate statues want to get rid of
the Washington statues as Trump said and
the Jefferson statues and now they want
to get rid of the Columbus statue in
Columbus Circle in New York and the
reason there's a statute of Christopher
Columbus is because it was a great thing
for the world that Western civilization
discovered the Americas it was okay it
wasn't a great thing for a lot of people
who are living there but it's a great
thing for the world history that Western
civilization ended up discovering the
Americas which were a primitive place
filled with peoples who had no concept
of modern civilization it doesn't mean
Christopher Columbus a wonderful guy
doesn't mean he didn't commit any sins
doesn't mean he didn't slave the natives
they did all of these terrible things
but that's not what we're celebrating
when we celebrate Columbus Day we're
celebrating the fact that Western
civilization is good even though there
are evil things that Western
civilization has done okay but the
entire movements ripped down these
statues it's all about attempting to
wipe away any history that people find
gross because they can't just
acknowledge Western here's the thing
here's the big disagreement then a lot
of people like me who say Western
civilization is the the greatest
civilization in the history of the
planet bar none by far not close and
there are grains of evil embedded in it
and we have spent most of our history
trying to wipe those away gradually and
then there are people on the other side
who say Western civilization is bad and
racism and bigotry and slavery these are
inherent parts of the foundations of
Western civilization and that's why
Western civilization is bad so for
people like me I look at the Columbus
statue or a washing
statue or jefferson statue or even
Ally's statue and I say this was all
part of our history and it's important
that we respect the history enough to
discuss it because this is all part of
building a civilization even the nasty
parts are part of building a
civilization this is what I think
Katrina Pierson was trying to say
although she said it badly the other
night and the left says all of these
things are bad Washington is bad because
Western civilization is bad it's racist
sexist pagan homophobe
Columbus is bad but even Chris Matthews
recognizes that this is a stupid move by
Democrats but they're engaging in too
anyway here's Chris Matthews over LA
State State explaining why you shouldn't
talk compares that what's going on you
know but Kathleen explain go
nobody's going after Teddy Teddy
Roosevelt and the idea of going after
slave owners you'd have to basically
take away our history because the first
six presents are so had slaves you'd
have to go after people like Washington
and of course all the southern guys all
the ones who found him Madison and of
course some Monroe and the rest and of
course told Hickory cuz it was Indian
fighting and killing where do we stop
where do we stop at saying that we're
gonna recognize it for what it was and
move on and when are we gonna say no
some it has to be D celebrated taken
away from our sight okay one of the
things that's fascinating here is
there's a great divide between Chris
Matthews Democrats and Al Sharpton
Democrats and it seems as though the
Democratic Party is moving in the
direction of Al Sharpton Democrats not
Chris Matthews Democrats Matthews is
much more like Joe Biden he's a crazy
old kook we talked about Cummings that
would show but he actually has a concept
of what people in Middle America are
thinking people like how Sharpton don't
and so they are ensconced in this I had
a discussion with Don Lemon last night
on CNN and I explained to him that you
know just because the media people like
Don Lemon see the Confederate statue
issue as black and white no racial
connotations just a black and white
issue evil versus non evil that doesn't
mean that's how Americans see it and
moving in that direction is actually a
large mistake so that's one issue step
one again for the Democrats is pick on
popular issues instead of popular ones
here's another unpopular issue they've
chosen to pick there are hundreds of
people assuming these are all members
the left not a lot of members of the
right who would do this who are rallying
outside NFL headquarters because of
Colin Kaepernick who is a garbage
quarterback okay he had the worst
quarterback rating in a
any quarterback in the league two years
ago he put like five games last year
before he was benched in favor of
basically some sort of poodle I mean
they he was such a bad quarterback that
they basically took an inanimate object
and stuck it behind Center for the 49ers
until he lost his job so there's been
this big rallying effect around
Kaepernick and Democrats are pushing
this I'll explain that issue in one
second but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at wink so does
everything that you are seeing right now
make you wanna get drunk does it well I
have the proper solution for you over at
wink comm what they can do is they can
actually personalize the best wines your
palate so this is actually better for
dinner parties this is great if you
don't know anything about wine if you
think that Manischewitz is good wine
then you actually need to go over to
linked comm and get some really good
wine because the way that it works is
you go over there you take a brief
palate quiz and they tell you which one
best matches your palate and what best
matches the meal that you are about to
go to so if you're gonna go to a
friend's house you don't want to look
like an ignoramus because you picked up
some Schlitz instead you should probably
go over to wink comm and you should pick
up some wine from wink comm every bottle
is like 999 it's try winked calm t ry wi
and see.com take that palette profile
quiz and they will recommend distinct
and interesting wines tailored to you
again it's tri wink comm / ben if you go
to slash ben you get $20 off your first
order plus free shipping it's try blink
comm
slash Ben tri wink comm slash Ben t ry
winc comm slash bending get $20 off your
first order right now people around the
office we did a wine tasting for
everybody around the office they've been
drunk ever since which explains the
quality of the show lately try winked
comm / spent $20 off your first order
right now and the wine I have been told
is glorious I've been told that by my
sloshed employees okay so the other from
the other issue that the Democrats have
chosen to focus on in the last two weeks
instead of discussing why neo-nazism is
bad god you people are morons is they've
decided to talk about colin kaepernick a
guy who kneels for the national anthem
which is the only reason anyone thinks
is important you know many second string
quarterback sinem in america lose their
job every year a lot of NFL quarterbacks
lose their job every year because they
suck it happens a lot okay Tim Tebow
lost his job even though he took his
team to the playoffs after winning a
series of games he couldn't throw a
forward pass and so people said okay
we're not going to give him a job
anymore and now he's playing bass
for like the Class A in New York Matt's
essentially the the the left though has
decided the Colin Kapernick despite
being world's crappiest quarterback must
have a job you wonder why people like me
stopped watching ESPN maybe it's because
I got sick of ESPN devoting its entire
channel to explaining why a guy who's
barely drafted in the seventh round
Michael Sam had to be employed in the
NFL and now they're devoting all of
their time to why a guy who can't throw
a pass in the NFL mean through some of
the worst passes of the Year last year
must have a job because he kneeled for
the national anthem so tareka Nasheed
who has the IQ of a kumquat he tweeted
out yesterday I'm with cap because white
supremacy is not patriotism and he wrote
those all with capital letters and on
different lines I don't know if that's
supposed to be some sort of acronym but
I'm not sure what wsin P or whatever
that was stands for now Eugene gue MD no
idea who this guy is says blacklisting
Kaepernick is completely on American
improves why his protest is necessary
hashtag I'm with cap maybe he's not
being blacklisted maybe he stinks maybe
he stinks it's funny all the same people
who are complaining that Kaepernick is
being blacklisted laughed when people
said the Tebow was being blacklisted
Susan Sarandon Bernie Sanders devotee
she says rally in support of Colin
Kaepernick in front of NFL together we
win I stand with Colin okay well if you
stand with Colin you're worth a fair bit
of money while you pay him why don't you
give him why don't you give him a job
Susan I mean still have a lot of
Atlantic City money left over you can
sell some of those more inches I'm sure
on eBay Trayvon free
Travon free Trayvon free he posted a
picture that says NFL and it says Negro
fall in line not even a good acronym
because he had it's really NF il which
doesn't make any sense
he's loving the signs today hashtag I'm
with cap these are all just protest
signs in favor of Colin Kaepernick again
Charles Clymer says white people do not
own patriotism hashtag I'm with cap well
I mean I I have a feeling that it's not
a black or white issue but if you kneel
from the national anthem I'm gonna say
that you probably don't get to claim
patriotism I mean like again there are
certain unifying symbols the national
anthem is one of them either see America
is a good development that is moving in
a direction toward perfecting its ills
or II see America is inherently bad a
neil - again somebody I don't know says
but so what right that it says that's a
million or NFL player
using his celebrity to take a stand
regular folks can't see that can we but
take a look at some of the young women
who are out there today saying hashtag
I'm with cap they're from girls club NY
and it's a bunch of young girls they
look like everybody in the picture looks
like a black it says hashtag I'm with
cap we know our rights thanks Collin
thanks for what thanks for what did he
give you any money or something I'd like
to be fund your club like if you fight
like I assume girls club is actually a
501c3 I like this one says he took a
Neal Annie for me I'll take a stand for
him hashtag Kaepernick did he really
take a need for you like what did he do
for you
what was accomplished for you random
dude wearing a shirt that was apparently
a muumuu from Drew Carey's mom on the
show like what exactly is this he took a
knee for me I'll take a stand for it
like what knee did he take for you what
change has Colin Kaepernick effectuated
any have things gotten better for black
people because of Colin Kaepernick I
missed it and Francis Maxwell finally
says if people rallying to support a man
who protested injustice upsets you but
the injustice doesn't you are part of
the problem again name the unjustice and
I am happy to protest it with you but
don't tell me that's an injustice
because the second string quarterback
who can't throw a forward pass can't get
a job because he also alienates fans
because he sits for the national anthem
okay so again that's step number one and
Democrats plan to alienate all America
is to pick issues like Colin Kaepernick
and Confederate statues okay step two is
to continue to pick the worst candidates
you can possibly find so in in step two
mint last year picking Hillary Clinton
they're still trotting out Hillary
Clinton is though she's a thing so
Hillary Clinton the audio from her new
book what happened which I really think
it should be called what the hell
happened but it's called what happened
and here is audio of Hillary Clinton
reading from what happened by Hillary
Rodham Clinton the only book that she's
ever gonna sell by the way because like
all her other books are garbage but III
love that she says maybe her big problem
is that she didn't call Trump of creep
yes your big problem Hillary is that you
didn't play the woman card enough I'm
sure that was it I'm sure that if you
had only done this that would have
changed everything
it was incredibly uncomfortable he was
literally breathing down my neck my skin
crawled it was one of those moments
where you wish you could hit pause and
ask everyone watching well what would
you do
do you stay calm keep smiling and carry
on as if he weren't repeatedly invading
your space or do you turn look him in
the eye and say loudly and clearly back
up you creep
get away from me I know you love to
intimidate women but you can't
intimidate me so back up okay so what I
love about that is that that's such a
jerk store response all right it's like
a year after this happened and now she
finally came up with the response she
should have said because if she'd said
that by the way it would have gone over
like gangbusters it really would have I
mean she would have done a lot better to
strike back at Trump by using sort of
trumpian language but she didn't also I
have a hard time believing that Hillary
Clinton has a problem hanging around
creepy men her husband is an alleged
rapists gang okay if you're talking
about people who have literally breathed
down her neck last time Bill Clinton
tried to breathe down her neck she
tossed a lamp at him
so this routine where she was really
victimized by Donald Trump because he
was within four feet of her is really
amazing and this was the lady they
thought was gonna win they thought she
definitely had to win I can't imagine
why she lost and then there's a Hillary
Clinton aide who's out there yesterday
saying that Hillary would have won if
not for Russia yeah keep banging this
from you idiots do you think she could
have won if Russia didn't hack the
election yes you think she would have I
think there are a number of factors
including Jim Comey Putin not minding
his business
third the historical curse of third term
I think any of those things if you could
change them a she lost by 70,000 votes
in three state okay so again they're
just gonna keep complaining about this
which means they're gonna keep picking
bad candidates because of the closer
they think this election was the more
they think that they don't have to
change anything and that's what they're
doing now so who are the bad candidates
they're gonna pick well they're talking
about Kamala Harris seriously like the
senator from here from my great stupid
state of California Kamala Harris
they're gonna pick that trash heap
okay this lady who legitimately can't
string together three tweets without
making a big boo-boo Kamala Harris it
was a garbage Attorney General and now
she's made her entire name on being a
black woman in the United States Senate
saying things that that are saying
things that are outrageous and the
entire Democratic Party cheers for her
because intersectionality woo
she's a woman okay here is what the poll
will say about Trump versus Kamala
Harris right now it's Bernie Sanders
were to run against Trump his last poll
I saw Bernie Sanders would win 53 239 53
239 if Joe Biden were to run against
Donald Trump he would win 51 to 38 and
if Kamala Harris were to run against
Trump she would be dead even with him at
41 to 40 so which one of those three
candidates are the Democrats looking
most seriously at yeah they're looking
at Kamala Harris they're looking at Cory
Booker they're looking at all the people
who fulfill the minority checklist this
is what they're interested in because
they're dumb so that's step two pick bad
issues to pick that issues with step one
to pick bad candidates is step two
okay step three I will get to in just a
moment but first I want to say thank you
to our sponsor is over at up side so as
I have been telling you for a while the
best way to save money when you travel
is going to upside calm you can buy
flights individually or hotels
individually from upside but you can
also you can also bundle them and that's
really what saves you the serious cash
it's great for business travel
particularly last-minute business travel
and the more you bundle the more you
save and you also get a gift card from
places like amazon.com so the way this
works is use your company credit card in
order to book the airline and then you
have an account on the up side comm
website and boom an Amazon gift card
just pops right up in your account and
you are free to use that not your
company you are personally free to use
that they have expert navigators who are
there to help you book the right flight
and the right hotel 24/7 they give you
all the options if you fly into a
different Airport if you stay at a
different hotel if you choose a
different time or a different day they
have people who are available by phone
by chat by social and email to help you
all the way through it's basically a
concierge service it's fantastic
right now give them a try when you use
promo code Bennett upside calm you are
guaranteed to get at least a $100
amazon.com gift card on your package
purchase that is code been to get a $100
gift card for free so make sure that you
use the promo code at checkout at upside
comm and you get that $100 amazon.com
gift card for free on your package of
Perkins purchase minimum purchase is
required you can see the site for
complete details you save on your flight
you save on your hotel and you get the
the gift card kickback to you personally
which is pretty awesome upside comm use
that promo code then okay so step three
step one again to recap step one was
pick unpopular
step two pick on popular candidates step
three be a dumbass fascist okay so this
is the new thing that the left has
decided they're going to do over the
last few years you know they're gonna
shut down people like me when I go to
speak at UC Berkeley or they're gonna
protest outside but not protest get
violent they're going to try to use the
mechanisms of law in order to shut down
people from speaking it's really insane
most Americans are not interested in
shutting down free speech what's funny
is that overall most Americans are not
interested in shutting down free speech
but they're all in favor of shutting
down speech from the other side so this
is why we have checks and balances in
this country it's why we have a bill of
rights in the first place if it were up
to people on the right there was a poll
that said that I think was a plurality
of right-wingers would be in favor of
shutting down CNN poll on the Left I'm
sure would be a plurality would be in
favor of shutting down Fox News we're
all in favor of shutting each other up
everyone's a little fascist except that
when it comes to the broad principle
we're not if you ask them are you in
favor of shutting down free speech
they'll say no and that is the
protection for free speech we can't rely
on each other's good will and good
nature to protect each other we have to
rely on the fact that we know that if we
in if we attempt to encroach it on
somebody else's free speech they will
encroach on ours well the left is
decided this is now going completely out
the window there's an op-ed in the The
Washington Post I think yesterday
talking about how free speech should go
by the wayside for certain college
speakers right the free speech doesn't
apply to people who are speaking hate
speech this is a new talking point so
here for example is a columnist from Law
News which is supposed to be a legal
outlet her name is Lauren anos and she
was on with Tucker on Fox News last
night and here she is basically saying
that free speech should not be defended
if it's speech that she doesn't like in
many of these cases with these white
supremacist groups if you look at their
mission statements you will see that
their underlying mission basically is
genocide that's what they're trying to
do it has to be taken in that context
their underlying mission is gross does
not mean that they're actually violating
free scream free speech protections it
doesn't I mean lots of people say gross
things all the time that I hate and
despise including white supremacist and
neo-nazis and they say this stuff all
the time but that has no impact on
whether that is protected speech or not
what the left is trying to do is declare
the Donald Trump is the real threat to
free speech so they can shut down
they're trying to declare that the right
is the real threats of free speech so
they can shut down the right so here is
a perfect example of this on ABC there
is this commentator whose name is she's
the senior White House correspondent
actually named Cecilia Vega and she was
on Good Morning America and she
suggested that Trump's speech in which
he ripped down the media would should
actually be illegal it's basically
incitement
well George this was incitement plain
and simple I turned my cell phone camera
on the crowd just so you could see the
reaction there as we were on the stage
that's what it looks like when the
president turned the crowd turns the
crowd on you the president said that
journalists hate this country that's
what he told this crowd this was an
assault that went on and on and on and
George I've got to tell you this one
felt different it really feels like a
matter of time frankly before someone
gets hurt okay so I love that the left
is willing to say this it was only a
matter of time until some Bernie Sanders
supporters snapped and tried to shoot a
bunch of Republican Congress people but
didn't hear any of this talk from the
left but it's only with regard to the
right and this is the new talking point
is that it's not free speech for you
because everything you say is incitement
everything I say is true and wonderful
and glorious but everything you say is
incitement Democratic Representative
John Garamendi from California he says
the same that he actually said that
Trump's attacks on the media it was just
like Hitler
it was exactly let me explain man that
is totally totally out of control and
engaged in a rhetoric that slams the
press which by the way happens to be the
very first thing that a dictator will do
to secure his position is to G
legitimize the press and Trump has been
at that for his entire campaign and in
fact his entire president don't you
understand he must be shut up because
he's trying to be legitimizes okay this
nonsense where the left suggest that
everything the right says is an
incitement listen I don't like a lot of
what Trump said at that rally I talked
about it on the show but it was not
incitement you know later in the show
I'm gonna do the big ideas we do on
Thursdays here I'm going to explain to
you what the legal standard for
incitement is so that you know so you
don't fall prey to the stupidity of
people who say things like fire and
crowded theater and have no idea what
the hell they're talking about maybe the
full background on what the law says
about all of this but suffice it to say
what Trump did the other night was not
actual incitement it was not incitement
to under the
okay so those are the three things first
three steps when we get to the fourth in
a second so first three steps were
picked on popular issues pick horrifying
candidates and then be a fascist okay
it's step four is I think the most
telling one of all
but for that you're gonna have to go and
subscribe so $9.99 a month gets you a
subscription to daily wire you get the
rest of this show live on video later
when you post it you get it free of the
ads that I that I talked about on the
show you also get Andrew kleavon's show
live that's happening in about an hour
here you get Michael Knowles's show live
god help us
at 12:30 today Cassie Dylan is sitting
in here and I think she's on Michael
Knowles's show later so that's a double
recommendation for not watching but if
you do want to watch then you can
subscribe for $9.99 a month and check
that out also for the annual
subscription get all those things plus
the website for free all of these
wonderful things and you get this this
tumbler did you see it magically up here
this tumbler is so incredible and it
doesn't even have to be present and it's
still there it's there in heart and mind
no one brought this here and just put it
on the desk in the middle of the show
because we had forgotten it or anything
okay it was just it wasn't there and
then it was there that's how great this
tumbler is it's where you need it to be
at all times for $99 annually you get
this the magical leftist tears hot or
cold tumbler it will make your life
better you'll never have to look for it
because you just appeared wherever
you're looking it's actually slightly
creepy you open up a closet boom there
it is you get up in the morning go in
the bathroom boom it's on top of the
toilet you just never know but it's
great you're gonna love it $99 a year
gets you the subscription plus this the
greatest of all tumblers ever created by
God or man so you'll get all of those
things or if you just want to listen
later on iTunes or SoundCloud go over
there subscribe leave us a review we
always do appreciate it it helps us with
the rankings so thank you for that and
the end we are the largest and
fastest-growing conservative talk show
podcast on the interwebs in America in
the world in the universe anywhere
