two years after Mizzou caves two random
student protests and demands for its
president to resign
the university is reporting a 35 percent
drop in enrollment and other huge
consequences will analyze the costs of
coddling Plus roaming millennial Antonia
Okafor and conservative millennial Allie
Stuckey
on an all-woman panel of deplorable z--
to talk Afghanistan the health effects
of a mean boss on employee health and
Steve Newton's rich wife I'm Michael
Knowles this is the Michael Nolt show so
we all remember the Mizzou protests of
2015 actually were that far for a go
2015 2016 and the student body president
Payton head started this all because he
posted on Facebook about an incident
that happened to him he was walking down
the street apparently and some guys in
the back of a pickup truck yelled a
racial slur at him he posts this on
Facebook all hell breaks loose there are
massive protests all over the campus now
five days later by the way the
Chancellor Mizzou apologized he
addressed this incident specifically
said it's totally unacceptable doesn't
matter the protests have already started
I think five days after that or a week
after that another student Jonathan
Butler decided to go on a hunger strike
and then students were insisting that
the president resign send a formal
letter acknowledging his white male
privilege ultimately the Chancellor had
to resign and ironically one of the
reasons for the hunger strike was also
the graduate students had some issue
with their health insurance that was
caused by Obamacare so instead of
protesting the government which I'm sure
all of them supported they decided to
protest their own University but the the
straw that broke the camel's back is
that the football team stopped
practicing football team brings in all
the money to Mizzou so at that point the
president apologizes that's not enough
the chancellor of the university
apologizes just absolutely University
just implodes because of a Facebook post
and these students protesting were not
really quite sure what a variety of
of bias and Prejudice or what have you
now the most famous incident of this of
course was the professor Melissa click
some student journalists showed up to
one of the protests and this this
professor's little professor comes out
of nowhere and starts yelling at them
tell them to leave I think actually we
have the video I made yet can I talk to
you no you need I get out you need to
get out no I don't you need to get out I
actually don't all right go back in the
hindmost sign i'm as soon as you and i
liked my job inspector thank you Karen
over here that's stable then we will
just burn it can you tell here now don't
have a right to take our photo
now I understand why you're confused you
see because today all we hear about is
how important reporters are how attacks
on journalism are threatening our
democracy the Washington Post has
democracy dies in darkness I understand
your confusion the difference is that
now a Republican is president you see
when a Republican is president then the
media is the most important news media
the most important people in the country
they speak truth to power they hold
people accountable but but this is very
different than when Democrats are in the
White House when Democrats are in the
White House reporters need to go away
and and professors call in muscle to
beat them up and get them out of student
protests so eventually eventually
Melissa click this professor was fired
and it finally it took it actually took
a while to get her fired and then she
did an interview a little bit later now
was she remorseful were you appalled by
your behavior when you watch the video I
was embarrassed by my behavior I believe
it doesn't represent Who I am as a
person it doesn't represent the good I
was doing there that day and you know
certainly I wish I could do it over
again he introduced himself only as
media and came at me with a camera and
I'm the camera not a weapon sure but it
also wasn't a big camera it could have
been a phone size camera it wasn't a
again didn't say Professional
Journalists to me is calling for muscle
out here respectful it was a mistake I
never ever meant that as a call for
violence it's one of those things that
was said in a heated moment yeah I
didn't think that bring some muscle over
here was a call for violence
when when her muscles ever associated
with violence and I also love in her in
her apology in her quasi eponymous
apology she says that the trouble with
the video was it doesn't represent the
good that I was doing you don't you
people just don't understand the good
and the reason she kicked the report
it's not because he's a reporter it's
because he/she didn't know if he was a
total hack she didn't know if he didn't
have a big CBS camera what with them or
ABC or New York Times so that she wasn't
sure that they would give favorable
coverage to the protests it could have
been one of those dreadful right-wing
journalists so what is the result of all
of this at mizzou this is just being
reported today because Mizzou is a
public university so they have to report
these things freshmen enrollment is down
35 percent this is a massive drop
overall enrollment down mm this is the
lowest enrollment since 1999
unbelievable seven dorms at Mizzou have
been taken out of service seven
dormitory buildings no longer in service
because they don't have people to fill
them up they've laid off a hundred staff
they're going to cut 300 more through
attrition and through retirement they've
already cut library to Apple though I
assume that nobody at that university is
using a library anymore
they cut 50 workers last year already in
maintenance and grounds crew and it
turns out that letting the lunatics run
the asylum is not the best idea and this
is an old lamp Mizzou this has happened
all over the country sadly this happened
at my university Yale as well in 2015
campus organizations sent out an email
detailing which Halloween costumes the
students could wear in which they
couldn't wear so then a separate
professor sent an email out clarifying
and saying you know perhaps it's the
case that Yale students are adult enough
to choose their own clothing to choose
their own Halloween costumes this also
set off an insane reaction on campus and
it prompted this response famously there
people have rights to
want a treat here I'm not quiet for all
humans you honored the America as your
Commission and matter in your job
credo claims of comfort and home for the
students that we've been filmin no no
but sending out that email that goes
against your position as master you
understand that
oh my god three with us are you
I have a different vision down is what
you think about being a smash you can
back down it is not about treating any
less full face it is not doing it and
that is about creating a room here you
are not doing that other things we do
here at Broncos image she didn't know I
read it base paper fresh candy film in
Bolivia they think this is white Gaelic
you hear that they're going to leave
they're going to transfer Pikachu era
for a unity oh that is so painful ty
remember the first time I saw that
Michael and it's it's a scar it is
unbelievable there's also this irony to
which is she says who the eff hired you
and it turns out it is Geralyn Luther
she was on the committee that appointed
him to that position so she she hired
him which which is really great
absolutely unbelievable to not about
creating an intellectual space on campus
it's about making me feel comfortable
and safe and God knows what else so what
did the yell administration - surely
that student was expelled surely her
friends were expelled surely they burned
her dorm to the ground right no they
pushed those professors out of their
jobs those professors are no longer at
Yale the administration did nothing to
support them and some of the students
who were seen protesting there received
awards at graduation so Yale is the only
Ivy League school this year to report an
increased acceptance rate now unlike
Mizzou Yale doesn't need to disclose its
records so we don't really know what's
hidden in there but it's the only one of
these universities to report that it
increased the rate of the number of
students that it
again this year one wonders if part of
the reason for that is they didn't know
how many people would say no when you
very often if you apply to Yale you're
also applying to Harvard or Princeton or
Dartmouth or whatever and they might
have it seems to me perfectly reasonable
that they increase that rate because
they thought that there would be a
backlash to this and if we knew what
their records were I think probably we
would see that I was back at Yale a
couple months ago every student
regardless of political affiliation all
of the alumni they were disgusted by
what was going on and the failure of the
administration now not all universities
are like this there is a magical
University in Indiana called Purdue and
the former governor there mitch Daniels
is the he's the president of Purdue
there was some of this craziness that
happened on campus around the time that
this was happening at Mizzou and at Yale
and he invited the social justice club
of students into his office they said to
him specifically this is not a
negotiation here are our demands his
response to them was you're right about
one thing this is not a negotiation he
essentially told these kids to sit down
and shut up and do their schoolwork and
try to graduate after he took that
strong stance you never heard from these
kids again
it you Chicago's another great school in
their letter to freshman students and
their letter to incoming students they
took this on they preempted this whole
issue quote our commitment to academic
freedom means that we do not support
so-called trigger warnings we do not
cancel invited speakers because their
topics might prove controversial and we
do not condone the creation of
intellectual state spaces where
individuals can retreat from ideas and
perspectives at odds with their own
wonderful defense of the Academy out of
University of Chicago of intellectual
freedom there and we haven't heard a
peep from them since turns out when the
adults stand up to these kids they sit
down and listen now as long as these
elite universities are going to cave to
students I think they're going to expect
more damage to their bottom line just
like we can see at Mizzou and we can
infer from Yale and we're going to see a
next generation of allegedly educated
Americans who look like this
stop talking it was like why are you
talking to us like children I can't I
can't emit so awful but I love it so
much okay with that we have to bring on
our panel I am so lucky to have been
asking for this since the show started
and we finally have an all-woman panel
of deplorable --zz we have roaming
millennial conservative millennial Allie
Stuckey and Antonio Okafor how wonderful
now we were all in college relatively
recently Allie what is the best strategy
to stop all of the nonsense on campus
okay I'm so sorry but I have not heard
anything that we've talked about for the
past three minutes and so I'm still
going to need like a little more contact
have no idea what this conversation has
been so far that's fair enough you know
I've been here for the last three
minutes and I still don't really know
what's causing all of it we're talking
about the craziness on college campuses
to truly pop some policy yeah
and how we know that this the
universities that have been successful
are the ones that have put their foot
down and stop these kids from wreaking
havoc so why aren't the other
universities like Yale and Mizzou why
don't they have adults step up and even
just to protect their own jobs well I
think it's the scariness that identity
politics present because it's not really
become about what's logical what's right
what's wrong anymore used to just kind
of be a given that if you are in a
position of authority you get to dictate
what a student does or does not do but
now where I didn't these are so tied to
these ideas of being tolerant or being
apathetic or compassionate all of these
words that liberals have completely
monopolized that we're almost scared to
assert any kind of definition of right
or wrong because everything is relative
everything is subjective and it just
creates this kind of atmosphere and
environment of anarchy and that's
exactly what we're seeing at places like
the zoo at Yale at Harvard when there is
no truth everyone looks lived in the
coach truth world
um and you see the behavior follows suit
unfortunately the absolutely and there
is also this identity issue of the
professor and the student those used to
be identity is that you would have on
campus and as a segment your professor
was your better but now there is a
notion that we have these other
intersectional identities that give some
kid the right to shriek profanities at
her professor yes yes absolutely and
it's you're right the idea of authority
has even been blurred every line of
identity has been blurred whether you're
talking about gender roles or politics
but especially this idea of authority
and it used to be that questioning
Authority was a good thing somewhere
where you could you could go to a
college and you would be intellectually
challenged but now instead of going into
a classroom and expecting to be
intellectually challenged by a professor
you are intellectually coddled and so
not only are we stealing this idea of
authority when it comes to
administration being able to tell us
what's right or what's wrong but also
when we walk into a classroom as a
liberal millennial we expect to be able
to tell our professors what they should
be able to tell us we the students are
the ones who now dictate okay this is
what I want to hear this is what I want
to learn if you say anything outside of
what I already believe I'm going to
protest and cry about it right features
are learning from their students or hey
that's different the teachers are there
just to learn from these students I know
I agree with these blurring identities
even just these glasses have
dramatically blurred the difference in
identity between me and Rachel Maddow
antonius why are a campus carry activist
so if these kids are incapable of
choosing their own Halloween costumes
without first into tears in throwing
temper tantrums isn't that the best
argument yet to keep guns out of their
hands I can't tell you how many times I
you know I was covering in campus issues
campus reform out of chemistry science
correspondent with reassurance two
before the campus carry activists and
it's really hard to know what's going on
on college campuses and then at the same
time say well they're not children the
results and just they can actually take
care of themselves now
I will say though the people who are
going to actually have a gun on campus
they're not these you know liberal
snowflakes I'm going to say that they're
most likely not going to have a gun they
don't want a gun and they don't want me
to have a gun either so I will
differentiate between those two because
most of the time it's someone who's
responsible who can take someone else's
opinion and accept it and not use their
firearms to to handle the situation like
these professors believe is going to
happen it has not happened yet so yeah
what's that whole conversation I think
it comes down to being adults obviously
we're taking these people because they
think that just because they are
intellectually mature enough they're
also emotionally immature enough I don't
I think that needs to be a part of the
equation when they're accepting people
and of course the the kids who are going
to be bringing guns and who are going to
be responsible enough to have a
concealed carry permit are probably not
these kids having temper tantrums over
their chicken fingers
but perhaps you know people they always
say is there any responsible gun control
legislation that you would support and
absolutely the I would support making
sure those kids don't get guns I turn on
any of those kids to have guns everyone
else fine by me
okay we need to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube right now and so we need
everybody to go over to the daily
wire.com
if you're a subscriber you already get
to watch the rest of this one of the big
plugs now of course is that we will have
a leaf Stuckey's mic working for the
second part of this show so if you're a
subscriber you get to see that and if
you're not a subscriber sign up it's
only $10 a month $100 a year you get me
you get the Andrew flavin show you get
the Ben Shapiro show but forget all of
that
you get possibly the most coveted item
in the world right now
the leftist tears tumblr and you can put
anything in here you can keep your
leftist tears hot or cold
they're always salty and delicious I
actually in my left is tears tumblr
that's where I store my Steve Crider mug
I put it right in there and I get to
drink out of both of them it is it is
the finest drinking device on the market
today go over there right now you get
the left is to your tumblr daily wire
calm we
we'll be right back
last night President Trump gave a
bombshell speech luckily he was not
blinded from looking at the eclipse
yesterday which is such a wonderful
trumpian mood they tell you don't look
at the Eclipse he just stares right at
it stares down that fake news media
totally fine didn't go blind so he gives
this speech last night to announce his
new strategy in Afghanistan let's play
it the American people are weary of war
without victory nowhere is this more
evident than with the war in Afghanistan
my original instinct was to pull out and
historically I like following my
instincts but all my life I've heard
that decisions are much different when
you sit behind the desk in the Oval
Office the consequences of a rapid exit
are both predictable and unacceptable we
will not talk about numbers of troops or
our plans for further military
activities conditions on the ground not
arbitrary timetables will guide our
strategy from now on
now Breitbart under the new leadership
the new old leadership of recently
departed White House strategist Steve
Bannon is hammering Trump for this
they're blaming this on McMaster they're
saying that this is more similar to
Barack Obama's strategy than to some new
plan roaming is this the beginning of
the long awaited left-wing turn for
President Trump well this is something
that I actually feel really conflicted
about so I'm very much not a
neoconservative I don't believe that we
should be exporting democracy I don't
believe that we should be
nation-building and that's something
that president Trump campaigned against
and you know to be scared that it's
something that he said that we're going
to be doing in this speech right it said
this is not going to be nation-building
however now it's a lot like leaching
which is just hard because you know you
actually listen to what the generals are
saying
geography you should know best about the
situation they don't want a immediate
and full withal and you know we see
looking at Isis what happens when that
you have kind of please and creates a
power back when I think what we don't
want right now is to take our be bad
situation and create you know Isis part
do so I it's hard because I feel like
right now everyone is criticizing from
right the left the right of their just
weird
unity between the neo-cons the liberal
Warhawks right now on the dead well kind
of saying no and what makes everything
about the spider spider he's not like
telling us what specifics are um so
that's a kind of non asked question but
I think that actually encompasses what
feeling right now
totally understand that and I agree I'm
not criticizing him for this just yet
I'm not sure that this isn't a good idea
alley is anybody on the right happy with
this strategy is there anybody out there
who's supportive of it was a great
change that at least as a part of this
speech there are some conservatives that
are satisfied with this is including
myself one that he was strategically
shrewd he didn't talk about the number
of troops he only talks about he
mentioned victory for time he only
talked about one strategy that could
lead us to victory and that is being a
little bit harder on Pakistan which I
did appreciate and then I also
appreciated that for really for maybe
the first time that he owned that he has
evolved in a position from the time from
before he took office until now that he
realized that being the Oval Office
making decisions it's a little bit
different than making decisions on
Twitter from the outside I really
appreciated that kind of speakin to his
humility and it made me feel like
whether you agree with his decision or
not that he did very strategically and
very deliberately think about the best
strategy going forward and something
else that I appreciated about this that
I think other conservatives appreciate
you I know Paul Ryan said it in his town
hall that we don't want all of this work
for the past 16 years that we've done in
Afghanistan to be completely in vain
um I don't know exactly what the
catastrophic results would be if we
completely pulled out that kind of seems
like the the easiest are the best thing
to do right now however however we don't
want to forsake the goal that we had
when we went in in the first place we
don't want it all to be for naught so I
appreciated those parts of it whether or
not you agree with the strategy and
that's a great observation about him
changing his mind and kind of admitting
to it he's obviously changed his mind
before this is the first time he said I
looked at this a little more closely and
my views on this had changed I suppose
that's that's a change from Barack Obama
and also he hasn't offered timetables
and a big sign that says terrorists come
in in two and a half months because he
he won't let them know when we're going
to pull our troops out but you raised a
good question what is the point here
Antonio what are we doing we've been in
Afghanistan for 150,000 years what is
the end of this war what does victory
look like I think that's the whole
problem here is that people never knew
what the end looks like and so people
you know Barack Obama when he decided
okay what pull out well most people
didn't like the idea of a our actual
military had some semblance of foreign
policy they didn't see that in history
working out and then also strategically
that didn't work since in and work out
anyways because we see like what
happened in Iraq that didn't work out
well you know places like our people
like Isis just took that place when we
left so or when someone born a foreign
country left so I think it's that people
are set with that but more on the
libertarian side I think a lot of
libertarians are upset just because that
was the one thing with Donald Trump that
they could you know get behind you know
that he was going to finally leave we're
going to stop the nation-building I mean
I say also think that there's a lot of
criticism still with him saying that
it's not nation-building that is you
know it's a woman aiding terrorists I
think a lot of materials are still
believe that still nation-building so I
think with the conservatory ins a young
generation that tends to lean more
libertarian especially on this issue I
mean
I have a hard time and in the future it
can be brought up when he is running for
president again of course and much like
his predecessor who ran against war he
it's a little more complicated with
Barack Obama because he decided that
Iraq was a bad war in Afghanistan was a
good war for some reason but much like
his predecessor who ran against war it
seems the president Trump when he looks
at geopolitics is understanding that we
need to have a military presence in more
place praises that he would perhaps
prefer roaming is this just more Obama
are we getting Barack Obama's third term
and foreign policy well I certainly hope
not and like I mentioned the fact that
he is keeping some things that are more
strategic private you know not
announcing to our enemies hey bt-dubs if
you just sit tight until this state will
be gums you can you know kind of do
whatever you want I think that is an
improvement however you know whether
it's Obama or Bush I think the newest in
terms of the military presence right now
has has been able to kick the urge to
engage a nation-building and what's
funny is that if we look at places like
you're a post-war Tory you know even
South Korea there are success stories of
nation-building you know it can be done
but the thing is it takes decades it's
not a four-year thing it's not a
six-year thing at the scene in
Afghanistan it's not existing to here
thank you so I think from you looking at
this relates to ask himself how long
does you think the American people need
to be committed to something Afghanistan
I mean obviously Obama thought longer I
liked semaphore for some reason Iraq
that was you guys blow but that's
something that this woman actually needs
to ask himself because I mean if he
doesn't end it now I there's a very
small chance next president is going to
ended if we look at what happened for
the past 16 years and they don't even
have oil that's the worst part we can't
even take the oil head right so a new
survey at a Rand is showing that
two-thirds of US workers experience
mismatch between their desired working
environment and their actual working
environment the UK found found that a
supportive boss can cut down the amount
of hostile workplace into
actions by half now this reminded me of
an appearance I made on the Ben Shapiro
show can we play that $400 from Michael
no they gave him four to one odd for
$100 and I'm going to write I'm going to
write here in the data line for ignoring
data and then I'm going to hand this
over you will take a picture for the
cameras I've been wondering why my
health has been feeling like that I have
to got to talk to Ben about that maybe
I'll go to a doctor now it occurs to me
that all of us spend most of our
workdays talking into a camera but that
means probably that we have no expertise
on this issue at all and that has never
stopped us at the Michael Noel's show
from pontificating about something so
Ali is work getting harder or are
workers getting softer okay
that's a great question but let me tell
you the part of this article that
bothered me the most and maybe you're
going to get to this so I'm sorry if I'm
jumping the gun I just heard you in all
parts art school that bothered me the
most was that it looked at okay is it
better to be in a job where you're not
happier than on post work environment or
is it better to be totally unemployed
thank you
I think it I think it's that the worker
is getting softer because what the
argument that they made is that it's not
necessarily worse to have no job that
you might be psychologically better off
not having a job and living off your
welfare check then actually making money
for yourself that is so sad to me that
that is our highest priority that people
are psychologically content and happy
and if they're not challenged at all
whether they have a job or not that
they're actually almost encouraging
unemployment for your well-being rather
busy living that's where our priorities
are as a society and that makes me
really sad and they're not the first
people to do this
people have been talking a lot of tech
giant's are talking about this but even
conservatives like charles murray are
talking about in our new economy where
we'll have more wealth generated by
fewer people maybe we need a universe
a universal basic income where people
stay home and they get paid by the
government not to work Antonia is this
an argument for the universal basic
income because I noticed that I can't
sit around and drink martinis here and
watch reruns of all in the family but I
can do that when I'm not working is that
a good argument
oh yeah I also remember when I intern in
the Senate in 2014 and one of the
committee hearings they're like oh my
gosh I'm so glad Abama care is happening
now
you know we don't have to work 30 days a
week now that you know that mom I think
actually people will talk about this -
like that mom has been wanting to like
start you know like that knit like that
knitting business or something can
finally do that now she can finally do
that because at 40 it was just too much
for her I feel I'm getting business off
for years exactly I mean everyone knows
that's those 90s there's no profit than
that in the margins are so slim so
exactly I mean that's the whole point is
that people are rewarding those who
don't work I think it's hard because we
see people like Mark Zuckerberg and you
know in Bill Gates and these people who
and speed job who if you look at their
history they actually like left school
and use that free time in order to be
able to to start their businesses I mean
that's great if you went to Harvard or
you know Michael he might be one for
Yale I mean you go right before you
don't ask
no no luckily I was able to leave before
all the trig Li puffs and the shrieking
happened so now we're going on I
probably would've left - oh really okay
yeah lo see I don't feel like that's not
that's not what happens if you and your
I like I said before your Ivy League
Prevage unless you have that Ivy League
privilege then you should be working and
working full-time and stop lowering the
hours as if it's going to help anything
it's not if you don't have an idea by
now it's probably not going to go
inspiration I remember sounds like
you're trying to oppress the proletariat
there I don't know about that
oh I think I'm fine meth antonius full
time job is just depressing the
proletariat but this does remind me a
during the Obamacare debates
one of the arguments well I think Nancy
Pelosi said this but now you've always
wanted to go be a poet but you have to
do your job to get health insurance and
now you can you can finally be a poet
and she must have forgotten that all
poetry now is terrible and most people
are certainly a terrible poets that it
brings up this interesting question from
the earliest human civilizations until
about five minutes ago work was
considered to be central to the human
condition God makes Adam work in the
Garden of Eden and now are we viewing
work differently as a society roaming
what do you think well actually before I
started YouTube I was doing a lot of
work in human resources management and
strategic leadership so the sexes so
that I have many many opinions about and
if you look at a bunch of surveys like
we said Renne does some sure most of us
some Millennials look for way different
things since we've reviewed generations
that right I mean Millennials have a
much higher standard in terms of
work-life balance they're also less
technically loyal to companies right
there's a lot more turnover of
Millennials archivist I have no loyalty
to The Daily wire not one bit
Jacob sent out my resume is exactly
right we're we're in it for ourselves it
will take whichever job has the most
benefits in the least working hours and
I think this is kind of a testament to
capitalism that's activist events
possible of YouTube children skills and
labor sources but at the same time it
has made us especially as male oh very
lazy and you know with a sock like you
said about universal basic income that's
actually one of the working ideas I've
ever heard like burning all money into
play-doh is add bad as an idea I had
like those are those are equally crazy
things mystery reminds me during breaks
from college or vacation from work or
something for the first two or three
days I'll feel great now drink my little
martini and watch my own family reruns
and I feel good my body feels good by
the third to fifth day I have melded
with the couch I have become part
leather and part cushion and I can't
move I'm on the brink of death there has
to be something good for me
and about working I think that's why
that's why it's talked about in Genesis
but I don't know I don't when I am
working I'd like to be doing something
else a terrible conflict in the heart of
man speaking of people who have worked a
lot made a lot of money Treasury
secretary Steve minuchin his wife the
Scottish actress Louisa Linton has
gotten into instagram fights recently
over her glamorous lifestyle and this is
causing trouble for Steve I for one I'm
shocked of course that in Ex Goldman
Sachs now Treasury Secretary's rich
gorgeous actress wife might be out of
touch with the American people but she
wrote on Instagram quote do you think
the US government paid for our honeymoon
or personal travel lalalala
have you given more to the economy than
me and my husband either as an
individual learner in taxes or in
self-sacrifice to your country I'm
pretty sure we paid more taxes toward
our day trip than you did this was in
response to some woman taking issue with
her traveling on a plane for some
business trip with her husband Ali does
she have a point okay well I did not
like I don't like period people bragging
about their various possessions or their
wealth on social media that is a
personal preference especially when you
hatch tags all of your designers like I
would love for like a common person like
me to do that like hashtag target
hashtag Walmart shuttle mission Judy has
that gap to see what people say
so one they it's braggadocious
absolutely was it kind of appropriated
taxes for the life of a government
employee yes but she does have a point
does the government pay for their
personal trips no does the government
pay for their work trip yes I just
wasn't a day trip this wasn't a vacation
this was part of work and yes we do pay
for that I mean I kind of liked that she
clapped back a little bit even though I
didn't like her original code yeah I can
see that
Antonia as a public official and that
that is the difference that Ali's
talking about the public life in the
private life but as a public official
does feed Manute you need to rein his
wife in and rein his family in or should
we say that criticizing politicians
family members is off-limits and kind of
stupid well first I want to you know
address this but Ali had to me twice
today and first of all she is wearing
hoop earrings
second of all she does use clap back so
I know that I won't get her arrested by
the appropriation police this is I
didn't even thank you for bringing that
to my attention Antonia just disgusting
awesome thank you I will discuss this
later on Twitter and I will get black
Twitter on you I will put black Twitter
now they hate me yes basically it's the
same thing I follow that what the
Instagram oppose and I just think it
really just shows the core of where
unfortunately where our society is going
in America where we are so it's so easy
for us to go and attack someone because
they have money like I'm actually
disagree with Ali I am okay with someone
bragging why if some in social media I
mean everyone is literally as an artisan
right yes there to show how amazing I am
or people are so if she feels like she's
amazing because she's dropping those
like you know but that's thousand or
thousands leaves thousands on her for me
is and exactly saying I don't know I
don't have that bag but all of those
races famous okay that's something for
people to aspire to I love it when she's
like oh what about those people in
Africa okay let me talk to my mom who's
African who's Nigerian and she's going
to be like yeah that's the reason why I
came to America so I could aspire to be
like that person yeah I want that mom
somewhere changed my life DRI absolutely
the American Dream I mean I think that
still exists so that's what I see when I
when I hear stuff like that just why
don't you look at it as something to
aspire to you know to to get out of I
didn't you know I pay my parents income
to America to be mediocre so I mean
that's the whole thing my family did
they did explicitly aspire to mediocrity
probably the exception not the rule but
different strokes for different folks
roaming the 1% of top 1% of income
earners
pay 50% of federal income taxes the top
20 percent of income earners pay eighty
five percent of income taxes and that's
a little bit what this woman was talking
about how she pays much more in taxes
than the woman who's criticizing her
should Americans lay off the class envy
and just be happy that we don't have to
pay a much higher tax burden because the
rich pay all the taxes definitely and
don't get me wrong
I thought her original post was not very
humble not very deep but you know that
would come in I did I just think it kind
of crossed the line right and she like
I think we've mentioned they're
independently wealthy right they haven't
gained their wealth through the summer
job her house is not paid for by
taxpayers so I don't really think it's a
business that being said I think overall
this kind of been hiked up with me it's
just women being caddy on Instagram
nothing big that's the only reason I log
on to Instagram is to watch women to
have one another but you're right it
isn't like the Clintons you know this is
Steve minuchin made his money as a
banker and as a film producer Louise his
wife is a Scottish film actress they
it's not like they were just trading in
government favors to make all of their
money right so I think she was I think
she kind of look very poorly but she's
not really right she doesn't have to
account to be straight on the internet
for her wardrobe that purchased with
real money or I just don't like I don't
know it tells me the ladder but sure
yeah they're a couple now a man and
woman have joined together to make one
flesh you do you Louise that's what we
say on our panel okay I've got to say
goodbye to the first and hopefully
eternal all-female panel of deplorable
zhh we have Antonia Okafor conservative
millennial Allie Stuckey and roaming
millennial now it is time for Mike smart
glasses and the final thought
college students have always acted like
idiots since first causing trouble in
11th century Bologna even medieval
University students were criticised for
drunken debauchery and gambling and
chasing women if you'll repute in
ignoring their studies and how god those
bright college days I love them so much
the difference then of course and even
until the past few years is that
university administrators used to stop
the kitties from pursuing their worst
impulses there used to be adults in the
room unfortunately today the generation
that broke American academia in the
1960s are now running the show the
lunatics are running the asylum and once
great institutions of learning will
continue to garner lower and lower
returns and the students that attend
them will garner lower and lower returns
until the adults re-emerge to firmly
defend order and rigor on campus with
that I'm Michael Knowles's the my own
oil show come back tomorrow we'll do it
all again
