we're live then have you seen this video
steven crowder destroying our leftist
tears tumblr alrighty so here we are
lots of news to get to today we're going
to get to all of it
President Trump has announced his new
Afghanistan policy we're going to talk
about all that first I just want to say
that I do know I think who Stephen
Crowder is I've met him once or twice
this is his mug the louder with Crowder
mug if you want this you should go over
to see our TV and subscribe Crowder does
really fantastic funny material his mug
is nothing in comparison to ours of
course ours is much better than his his
is apparently hand etched by blind nuns
or something who just scared the eclipse
but you can check this out the flatter
with Crowder mugs over at see our TV
otherwise down low okay so now on to the
news of the day but first I actually
want to say thank you to a real sponsor
of ours and that would be zip recruiters
so if you want people at your company
who are better than the ones that I have
at my company then you need to go to zip
recruiter comm let me tell you ed
recruits that wrote we had to rehearse
that that sketch that Crowder sketch and
we four times get one take that was
decent so that shows you that we need
better employees that's why you need tip
recruiter calm as well zip recruiter you
go to their website and and when you use
their service it doesn't require you to
find candidates it finds them for you
eighty percent of jobs posted on zipper
query get a qualified candidate in just
24 hours they're enough to juggle emails
or calls to your office you can simply
screen rate manage candidates all in one
place with zip recruiter is easy to use
dashboard you can find out today wise if
recruiter has been used by businesses of
all sizes to find the best job
candidates with immediate results right
now if you go to zip recruiter you can
go there for free and you can use a zip
recruiter comm slash it daily wire that
zip recruiter comm slash daily wire and
you get to try it for freedom post jobs
for free and you will get the best
employees better than even the ones we
have here at daily wire zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire for your free
ability to to post jobs and as I say 80
percent of jobs posted on zip requir to
get qualified candidates in 24 hours so
if you're looking to hire there's no
place zip recorder comm slash daily wire
against again use that slash daily wire
also so that they know that we sent you
okay so president Trump gives a big
statement last night it was his first
address to the nation on the issue of
foreign policy and and it was pretty
good it was pretty good I want to go
through it I'm going to talk about what
it spells why there's resistance to it
from some on the right it's really
fascinating there's now a breakdown
that's coming on the right some of the
people who are sort of the quote-unquote
nationalist populist types the the steve
adams of the world the Laura Ingram's of
the world the Tucker Carlson's those
people are very upset with some
statements on Afghanistan but I think
that's because we've fallen into this
trap when we discuss foreign policy of
never looking at the choices that are
actually on the table instead we make up
choices that are in our own heads make
up choices that don't resemble reality
very much we don't go to war with the
army we have we go to the army go to war
with the army we wish we had in Donald
Rumsfeld's famous phrase we make up
these these situations in the sky where
if we were just tough enough or strong
enough then everything would fall into
place foreign policy is messy it's muddy
it's murky and there are no good choices
in places like Afghanistan which is a
tribal place where there has never been
a strong national government there has
never been a strong secular government
in Afghanistan it's been a warring
hellhole for literally hundreds of years
the British were driven out of there in
the 19th century the Russians were
driven out in the 1980s in the United
States is not being driven out of
Afghanistan but there has been no strong
centralized government in order to
prevent the rise of the Taliban again
and this is prevented this is presented
an intractable situation for the Trump
administration Trump didn't create this
Trump inherits this so to understand
sort of where we are you first have to
understand where we've been so we
invaded Afghanistan after 2001 after
9/11 specifically because it was being
used as a base by al-qaeda and we
offered the Taliban you either to give
up al Qaeda you either give up in LOD
and you stop protecting him or we're
going to come in invade your country and
topple you Omar was the leader of the
Taliban he said that it was more
worthwhile for him to protect bin Laden
than it was for him to turn over
terrorists and so we went in and we
toppled the Taliban using the northern
alliance that quickly devolved into a
corrupt central government that had to
pay off all of these tribal leaders
because the strongest leaders in
Afghanistan were the tribal leaders
from the beginning and Terra continued
to be a serious problem in Afghanistan
after we conquered the country we
struggled to build a working system
there this is a country that had no
history of democracy or human rights and
went in there thinking we were going to
be able to transplant democracy and
human rights that ended up being in in
large part a failure
President Obama came into office and the
first thing that he did is he said he
wanted to get out of there but first he
had to surge troops so we have to review
what President Obama said in order that
we know what Trump said last night
whether this was a major change or not
remember Obama wanted to get out of
Afghanistan more American troops ended
up dying in Afghanistan under Obama's
watch that under george w bush's watch
in large measure because president obama
surge troops but he did so with the time
line he said I'm going to throw 30,000
additional troops into Afghanistan but
I'm going to take them out again right
away so here is Obama this is December
1st 2009 discussing his new Afghan
policy about sending 30,000 additional
troops this is 8 years ago now this
review is now complete and as
commander-in-chief I have determined
that it is in our vital national
interest to send an additional 30,000 US
troops to Afghanistan after 18 months
our troops will begin to come home ok
the problem here was mouthing to align
the problem with this particular line
when he says that after 18 months our
troops will begin to come home as soon
as he says that the Taliban knows all
they have to do is just wait out the
United States because if they just wait
it out then Obama's going to withdraw
troops and then the idea was we're going
to build up Afghanistan's security
forces well we built up some of their
security forces but then we didn't leave
enough military advisers in place in
order to really ensure that those
security forces were capable of
controlling any significant portion of
the country homeland problems
particularly has turned back into the
hellhole that it was before Obama before
Obama surged the troops in the first
place it's really become a disaster area
and that's because of Obama's myopic
focus on getting out as soon as possible
as opposed to achieving mission goals he
also talked about Pakistan in this
particular speech he suggested that we
were going to forge a strong
relationship with Pakistan the problem
is that Pakistan has no interest in
forging a relationship with us that
revolves around getting rid of the
Taliban the Taliban actually has
substantial territorial
holding in northern eastern Pakistan or
in western Pakistan and has been a
serious threat to the Government of
Pakistan for years and years and years
Obama made nice with the government of
Pakistan
but then when push came to shove he
really didn't right when we when we
killed bin Laden he apparently didn't
even clear that with the Pakistani
government supposedly
because he knew that the Pakistani
government might leak that's been Laden
himself but his original vision was
we're going to be very nice to Pakistan
in the past we too often define our
relationship with Pakistan narrowly
those days are over
moving forward we are committed to a
partnership with Pakistan that is built
on a foundation of mutual interest
mutual respect and mutual trust okay and
that obviously did not take place and
then finally Obama's biggest mistake is
he suggested that we ought to do nothing
we have to get rid of a Gitmo that it
was US policy that was driving terrorism
this is always the apologetic foreign
policy of President Obama and it didn't
end up helping us on the world stage in
any real way and finally we must draw on
the strength of our values for the
challenges that we face may have changed
but the things that we believe in must
not that's why we must promote our
values by living them at home which is
why I prohibited torture and will close
the prison at Guantanamo Bay and we must
make it clear to every man woman and
child around the world who lives under
the dark cloud of tyranny that America
will speak out on behalf of their human
rights and tend to the light of freedom
and justice and opportunity and respect
for the dignity of all peoples okay so
this is also very george w bush s
language let's talk about dignity of all
peoples and freedom and justice and
opportunity the reality is that in
afghanistan we basically have three
choices and we always had three choices
one was an overwhelming surge in order
to pacify the country and maintaining
that surge as long as necessary in order
to pacify the country number two was to
get out completely just pull out
completely right this is sort of what
obama wanted to do and then reality
overtook him and that's why george w
bush and obama and now finally donald
trump a guy who campaigned on the
idea that he was going to get out of
Afghanistan ASAP somebody who in 2013
was saying Afghanistan was a foolish war
we never should have gotten into now he
is basically taking the same tack all
three of these presidents have decided
the only thing that we can do is muddle
through we're not willing to expend the
kind of resources necessary to actually
occupy the country for 60 years Japan
style or Germany style there is no
government for us to overthrow in
Afghanistan in order to ensure the
pacification of the population and so
we're going to have to muddle through a
long counter insurgency and Obama
eventually ended up coming to that
conclusion and now President Trump has
come to that conclusion as well now what
President Trump did do is he is
militating some of that policy so he's
changing some of the mistakes that Obama
made and he's getting a lot of flack on
the right for this he's getting a lot of
flack as I said from Laura Ingraham and
Tucker Carlson and the folks over at
Breitbart there's even a piece over a
Breitbart today by a columnist named
Brian darling suggested that if he had
known that that Trump was going to do
what he said last night he might not
have voted for him in the first place I
think that this is neglecting the fact
that Afghanistan was the source of al
Qaeda that attacked us on 9/11
that if we were to leave these people to
their own devices they would quickly
rebuild the terrorists bases that be
used to strike at the heart of the
United States and the and the rip on
president Trump from from the right is
unrealistic I think it's the
isolationist right and isolationist left
I think this is unrealistic it was it's
Clintonian foreign policy we tried it
during Bill Clinton zero this hands off
leave them alone
they're not bothering us and the result
was the USS Cole in the bombings in
Kenya and Tanzania and the and 9/11 of
course the fact is that while it is
unpopular to say this the war on terror
has been largely successful in terms of
reducing major terrorist attacks in the
West we haven't seen anything remotely
approaching a 911
since 9/11 we've seen small-scale terror
attacks from people who have been
recruited through the internet by Isis
but that is not of the same size and
scope as the the fully planned cell
based terror attacks that al Qaeda was
pursuing in the lead-up to 9/11 and then
including 9/11 itself so Trump looks at
this and he gets into office and his
generals tell him look mr. president you
can talk all you want about pulling out
of Afghanistan but the fact of the
matter is that you are going to have to
be responsible for whatever comes next
and I thought that Trump actually did an
admirable job last night of doing
something I've never seen
do before explaining why he changed his
mind he went off his speech after making
some statements about American unity and
unity of the Armed Forces which was
obviously an attempt to tamp down a lot
of the anger over Charlottesville
President Trump said this about having
changed his his opinions on Afghanistan
this clip my original instinct was to
pull out and historically I like
following my instincts but all my life
I've heard that decisions are much
different when you sit behind the desk
in the Oval Office in other words when
you're president of the United States so
I studied Afghanistan in great detail
and from every conceivable angle after
many meetings over many months we held
our final meeting last Friday at Camp
David with my cabinet and generals to
complete our strategy this is the first
time I've ever seen president Trump
actually go back on something and
acknowledge that new evidence had
changed his mind I think that that's a
good thing I'd like to see more of this
from president from in different areas
of his governance where he says listen I
used to say a lot of things and some of
those things are right and some of those
things were wrong I have instincts I
think they're pretty good but when I see
new evidence I have to change my opinion
so good for President Trump for doing
that we'll talk about what his policy is
and how it differs from President
Obama's because there are some
significant similarities to President
Obama's the President Obama's speeches
and talks and policies in Afghanistan
but there are some pretty significant
differences as well I think mostly in
the right direction before we do that I
first want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at my Patriot supply so if
you're looking at the world right now
and it seems like a chaotic place if
you're looking at the nuclear buildup in
North Korea if you're looking at Iran
developing a nuclear weapon if you're
looking at Russia looking to make moves
in the world markets and pushing into
areas like Ukraine if you're looking at
China which is getting more and more
involved in antagonistic activity toward
the United States or if you're just
looking around you're saying hey there
are natural disasters every day you
ought to be prepared okay this is why
you need a food supply in your house in
California
earthquakes the government recommend you
actually have a food supply in your
house in case something happens you
can't get to the grocery store the
grocery stores are cleared out the
government can't help you this is why
you need independence and that's what
the my Patriot supply survival food
supply is for for 99 dollars get one
hundred and two servings of breakfast
lunches and dinners that's less than a
dollar per serving order now at eight
eight eight eight oh three 14 13 8 8 8 8
Oh 31413 or online and prepare with been
calm that's prepare with been calm it's
not a big deal folks 99 bucks gets you
one hundred and two servings you're
protected your family's protected my
favorite areas to apply believes in
old-fashioned values and they're people
that I would trust to to get me the food
that I need everybody in the office by
the way who's tried their food has said
that it tastes just like home cooking
888 803 1413 prepare with Ben comprehend
calm make sure that your family is safe
and taken care of and you don't have to
worry about disaster striking because
you're the only one on your block is
prepared prepare with Ben comm 888 803
1413 okay so number one Trump says that
he's actually thought this thing through
this again is a major difference from a
lot of his other policies where it seems
like he's just gone off the cuff then
Trump says that he calls for victory the
problem that I have with Trump calling
for a quote unquote victory is that
whenever you know Trump made a big deal
during his campaign about saying we
never win anymore
we just paper we never win ever no
winning ever we haven't won okay the
problem is we're not going to get
victory in Afghanistan the same way that
we got victory in Germany or Japan
because there again there is no
government to surrender to us the
Taliban are not going to surrender to us
they will just continue to break down
into smaller and smaller terrorist
groups so when you say victory the
American people expect the ticker-tape
parade down the down the middle of Fifth
Avenue the American people demand a
surrender document signed on the on the
deck of a boat okay none of that's ever
going to happen when he says we're going
to achieve victory then he needs to
define what victory is here is from
talking about what victory looks like to
him first a nation must seek an
honorable and enduring outcome worthy of
the tremendous sacrifices that have been
made especially the sacrifices of lives
the men and women who serve our nation
in combat deserve a plan for victory
they deserve the tools they need and the
trust they have earned to fight and to
win from now on victory will have a
clear definition attacking our enemies
obliterating Isis crushing al Qaeda
preventing the Taliban from taking over
Afghanistan and stopping mass terror
attacks against America before they
emerge okay the problem with this
particular definition of victory is
exactly the same almost word-for-word
President Obama's definition of victory
or george w bush's definition of victory
there is no victory moment right there
is no win here where we say okay we've
accomplished our goals now we're leaving
so what he's talking about is a long
long range occupation this is what John
McCain said in 2008 about Afghanistan he
said look you want to pacify you're
gonna have to stay there for 50 years
that's basically what Trump is talking
about here but he doesn't want to admit
it openly and what he really should be
saying is look victory is us preventing
terror attacks that's what he's saying
here right attacking our enemies
preventing terrorist attacks but there
is not going to be a moment of victory
the American people have to understand
our military is there to do just this
our military is there to prevent these
things there's not going to be you know
expectations of the big ticker tape
parade are not realistic and I think
that because Trump had had sort of
pushed that expectation of victory in
Afghanistan for so long it's difficult
now for him to back off that language
even though there's not going to be the
iconic victory moment that people are
looking forward to there is a difference
in in some of his in some of his
rhetoric from from President Obama so he
is refusing obviously to pull out unlike
Obama who said we're going to pull out
after a certain period of time getting
out of the most important thing you know
he got a lot of criticism for this Obama
and I think rightly so because the
mission has to be defined by what our
goals are not by your political goals in
getting out as fast as possible what
Trump did today yesterday actually took
a fair bit of political courage he said
listen we're going to stay there because
we need to be there and I think that's
right here he is saying that we cannot
just pull out a hasty withdrawal would
create a vacuum that terrorists
including Isis and Al Kut
I would instantly fill just as happened
before September 11th okay and he is
right about that of course he then goes
on to talk about Pakistan so remember
President Obama talks about how Pakistan
was going to be our new friend they were
going to help us in the war on terror
Trump said no such thing he said listen
Pakistan is not being very helpful and
that's why we're going to build up
Democratic allies like India I think
this is a very important thing what
Trump did here India is a democratic
bulwark and in anti-islamist bulwark
against countries like Pakistan and
Afghanistan building them up in
opposition to the Pakistani government
is something the United States should
have been doing long ago what can
Pakistan what can India do against
Pakistan in terms of tamping down terror
not much but we can at least create
allies in the region who are interested
in working with us to tamp down terror
particularly along the india-pakistan
border that's a good thing Pakistan
should be intimidated that if they don't
do what we want there would be serious
consequences and those consequences may
not come directly from US but may come
from our allies here is Trump directly
calling out Pakistan we can no longer be
silent about Pakistan's safe havens for
terrorist organizations the Taliban and
other groups that pose a threat to the
region and beyond Pakistan has much to
gain from partnering with our effort in
Afghanistan it has much to lose by
continuing to harbor criminals and
terrorists now most important thing
Trump did last night as he talked about
timelines you remember I just showed you
the clip of Obama saying we're going to
throw 30,000 troops in and 18 months
they'll be out really stupid okay that's
like saying to your child I'm going to
give you a timeout but the timeout is
going to end in three minutes
okay you can't do that your kids just
going to wait out the timeout when you
give a kid a timeout the idea is that
the timeout is indefinite until the kid
does what you want when it comes to the
Taliban you have to throw troops in
there for as long as it takes and that's
what Trump had the courage to say last
night good for him here he is talking
about this idea that the time based
approach needs to be gone and instead we
are going to make an approach based on
the conditions on the ground a core
pillar of our new strategy is a shift
from a time-based approach to one based
on conditions we will not talk about
numbers of true
or our plans for further military
activities conditions on the ground not
arbitrary timetables will guide our
strategy from now on America's enemies
must never know our plans or believe
they can wait us out I will not say when
we are going to attack but attack we
will ok so good for him again I agree
that when it comes to arbitrary
deadlines that's foolishness it's
exactly the sort of arbitrary deadlines
that we used to set in Vietnam and I'll
bet you a lot of what he is saying right
now comes from HR McMaster his National
Security Advisor and HR McMaster wrote a
very good book called dereliction of
duty about American military policy in
Vietnam and one of his great critiques
was this idea of graduated escalation
which was pushed by Robert McNamara who
is the Secretary of Defense under JFK
and then later under under LBJ this idea
that we are going to gradually slowly
increase the number of troops and
announce every time how many troops who
are adding to the battlefield telling
the Vietcong exactly what sort of
opposition they were going to face HR
McMaster says listen you go in and you
do what you have to do but you don't
give signals to your enemies and you
don't tell them when you're pulling in
and pulling out that seems to me
eminently correct now here's something
that I think is wrong Kay Trump says he
leaves the door open to negotiations
with the Taliban I think this is a big
mistake this is something that Obama
pursued but W didn't this idea that the
Taliban will come to the table in fact
Obama actually set up an office in Qatar
that he could talk with the Taliban that
did not do anything except make the
Taliban more determined to institute to
reinforce its own positions in
Afghanistan so they'd have a stronger
negotiating position at the table here's
Trump opening the door to this some day
after an effective military effort
perhaps it will be possible to have a
political settlement that includes
elements of the Taliban and Afghanistan
but nobody knows if or when that will
ever happen okay well you know still you
shouldn't be leaving that on the table
if you don't want to negotiate with them
don't talk about negotiating with them a
couple more points and I think these are
good on Trump in one second but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at Realty shares so this is not an
offering of securities private
investments are highly illiquid and
risky not suitable for all investors
past performance not indicative of
future results securities offered to
accredited investors through north
capital private securities member finra
s ipeec so you're interested in
investing in real estate but you don't
know how you don't know what the good
investment looks like and you don't have
$100,000 just drop on the condo right
now well that is exactly what Realty
shares is for re al t Y shares dot-com
they got rid of the Walters he knew and
real estate investing you don't need
billions millions or even tens of
thousands of dollars to invest in vetted
real estate assets with Realty shares
the way that it works is that they vet
all of these properties and then
hundreds of people invest fractionally
reducing the cost of an initial
investment for just five thousand
dollars you can start investing in
properties it's free to sign up and
browse the investments at realty shares
comm slash been getting set up takes
just a few minutes and then you can
manage and invest directly from your
phone or computer through their simple
and secure online process if you make
two hundred thousand dollars a year you
may qualify find out today at realty
shares dot-com slash Ben that's Realty
shares comm slash Ben and right now if
you sign up using that special code
Realty shares comm slash Ben you get
$100 towards your first investment today
it's a hundred dollars toward your first
investment so it's forty-nine hundred
bucks to invest in your first property
instead of five thousand Realty shares
comm slash Ben for your first investment
again it's a great way to get into real
estate investing you should certainly be
looking at investing your money is just
sitting there in the bank it's not doing
any good make sure that you're investing
the way you need to in order to ensure
that your financial goals are met over
the course your lifetime Realty shares
comm slash Ben okay so back to President
Trump he dropped this little this little
note that that was sort of different
from both W and o bombing said we're not
nation building so these are key words
you know when these are sort of
buzzwords they don't mean a whole hell
of a lot but it was supposed to appease
his more populist nationalist
isolationist bait here's Trump talking
about Afghan responsibility here's what
he had to say we are not nation-building
again we are killing terrorists we will
no longer use American military might to
construct democracies in faraway lands
or try to rebuild other countries in our
own image those days are now over
instead we will work with allies and
partners to protect our shared interests
we are not asking others to change their
way of life but to pursue common goals
that allow our children to live better
and safer lives this principled realism
will guide our decisions moving forward
ok the reality of the situation however
is that when he says we're not going to
nation-build we are going to continue
building up Afghanistan security forces
it doesn't mean we have to build schools
for them but it does mean that we have
to build up their security forces that
they can kill terrorists and then they
can use their resources to build schools
so this idea that we're not
nation-building it's a little bit of a
false divide when you go and you build
up a nation security forces to ensure
their government is stable enough to
take care of terrorism that is in fact
nation-building the best thing I think
that Trump did in his speech is he said
we're changing the rules of engagement
President Obama was very strong on the
idea that he was going to in top-down
fashion control the rules of engagement
in Afghanistan
who's going to prevent our troops from
being able to open fire on people if
they didn't if they had hidden their
guns there'd be situations where there'd
be a terrorist and he would know that
there were soldiers watching him he
dropped his gun behind a car and run
across the street and our soldiers were
told ok don't shoot that guy because he
doesn't have a gun even though they'd
get him with the gun one second
beforehand Trump says I'm going to
relieve a lot of these rules of
engagement and free our troops to do
what they need to do military commanders
are now in charge this is good stuff
finally my administration will ensure
that you the brave defenders of the
American people will have the necessary
tools and rules of engagement to make
this strategy work and work effectively
and work quickly
I have already lifted restrictions the
previous administration placed on our
warfighters
that prevented the Secretary of Defense
and our commanders in the field from
fully and swiftly waging battle against
the enemy micromanagement from
Washington DC does not win battles ok
good for Trump this is I think the most
important point and this is by the way
why we're winning against Isis it's not
because we've dumped an enormous number
of additional
resources it's because Trump is taking
the handcuffs handcuffs off of our
military commanders that's really good
stuff so I want to talk about the
blowback from the right that you're
seeing from people like Tucker Carlton
why I think it's misguided why I think
they're wrong and why Trump I think it's
right
4,000 troops may not be enough but at
least his reorientation towards the idea
that he's going to push for a for a
longer a counterterrorism strategy in
Afghanistan rather than just a
unilateral pullout I think that's
correct
but we'll talk about the blowback that
he's received we'll also deconstruct
some culture we have a pretty epic
deconstruction of culture today so we
will do all of that but first you have
to go over to Daley wire calm and
subscribe we are a video show not just
an audio show if you want to watch us
live $9.99 a month ensures that you can
watch the entire show live you don't
have to wait until we post it later and
you can also later if you become a
subscriber when we do post the show
later we remove the ads so you get the
entire show completely completely
straight through you also get to be part
of our mailbag you get to watch the end
room Clavin show live beginning at 10:30
a.m. this morning Pacific time you get
to watch the Michael Noel's show
beginning at 12:30 p.m. Pacific time at
today it's be part of their mail bags as
well so we have lots of material for you
over at Daley wired.com go over and
check it out annual subscribers get all
of those things Plus this the most
magnificent of all tumblers far better
than the louder with crowd or hand edge
mug this the left is tears hot or cold
tumbler I can hope them both in my hands
okay there's no comparison there sorry
Steven there's no comparison it's just a
magnificent piece of work and this is
something that you'll treasure all your
life it is something that thousands of
years from now when they dig up the
relics of an ancient civilization this
will be the only thing where they think
this must have been some sort of God
that the ancients worshiped this leftist
here hot or cold humbly get that with 99
bucks annual subscription make sure you
go over and subscribe right now we are
and also make sure that you go over to
iTunes or SoundCloud and subscribe and
leave us a review we are fastest growing
largest conservative podcast in the
nation
so I've had my criticisms of President
Trump if you've been following the show
for more than two minutes you know that
I've been very critical of President
Trump when I felt the president Trump
deserved the criticism I think that his
speech last night in Afghanistan was
quite good I don't think that it
fulfills all of the promises I don't
think that we're going to get some sort
of clear-cut victory I don't you know
he's been saying that he is not going to
release to the American public how many
troops are going in that sort of
prevents us from getting a metric on how
things are going in Afghanistan but the
idea that he was going to pull out
putting that aside I think is a good
move by President Trump and I think that
while 4,000 troops may not be enough to
ensure the goals he wants at least he is
aiming at right goals and he's
correcting some of the worst mistakes of
the Obama administration in Afghanistan
he's getting flak from the populist
Steve Bannon Laura Ingraham right so
Laura Ingraham today tweeted out who's
going to pay for what is our measure of
success we didn't win with 100,000
troops how will we win with 4,000 more
the answer of course is that we're not
going to win we are going to maintain a
presence there to prevent the creation
of new terrorist cells that can harm
America in the war on terror again the
war on terror has been a success well
everyone likes to talk about how has not
been a success the fact is that when
Obama started to withdraws from the
world of the rule though the war on
terror that is when you saw a dramatic
escalation of terror attacks in the West
specifically from the areas where Obama
withdrew he didn't withdraw from
Afghanistan you're not singing uptick in
terror from sources in Afghanistan you
are seeing a massive uptick in terror
from sources in Iraq and Syria right
areas where Obama purposefully would
through American troops Trump at least
understands this hey Laura Ingraham
tweeted I thought we were going to drain
this one up in Washington not clear the
desert in Afghanistan but we do have to
clear the desert of terrorists in
Afghanistan she's not the only one who's
making these critiques a lot of the
people warm with Trump were warmed him
because they're sort of Pat Buchanan
isolationist tough and Carlson who used
to be much more interventionist has
flipped because I think Tucker likes the
popularity of being isolationist on
foreign policy you know maybe it's maybe
it's sincere maybe it is but in any case
here is Tucker talking about why he
thinks that Trump's foreign policy here
is wrong
second if we increase our presence in
Afghanistan what long-term US interest
are we pursuing by doing that
the original goal was to eliminate
state-sponsored terrorist training camps
those are long gone even if those camps
came back it's not clear how relevant
they would be Islamist now recruit on
the Internet and even an untrained
extremist can kill dozens with a car
we've warned that sad lesson recently
sure what your point equated all terror
attacks is really stupid 9/11 was not
the same as somebody mowing a truck
through a crowd he's right of course his
that threat will continue to exist but
the idea that if they reestablish the
terror training camps who don't know
what comes next we know exactly what
comes next because we saw what came next
last time he says that he wants to rely
on not importing all these people into
the United States but the fact is that
they're going to be people who come into
the United States regardless and I'm in
favor of president Trump's travel ban
but I think that the idea that it's
going to prevent terrorists from
crossing the border in a myriad variety
of ways his travel ban only applies to
seven particular countries it does not
apply to people who are coming through
Europe Europe doesn't have a travel ban
so they can go to France they can
establish a green card and then they can
come to the United States because the
travel ban is is a hedge but it is not a
it is not a finisher the fact is the war
on terror was designed to draw
terrorists to places like Afghanistan
and Iraq to fight against American
troops imagine that you have terrorists
all over the world this is what's
happened actually terrorists all over
the world imagine they're like metal
filings in the sandbox and you need to
remove the metal filings somehow what do
you need you need a magnet writing a
magnet that's going to draw out the
metal filings without damaging with that
without taking up the sand as well
that's what the war on terror has
largely been to pretend that the war on
terror has been an utter unsuccess is to
is to fail to look at the evidence he
will let Carlson finish this point if
the goal is simply to keep Islamic
extremism from our shores why is a war
in Afghanistan more effective than say a
vigorously enforced travel ban okay and
again the answer is because this
vigorously enforced travel ban it
mitigates the risk it does not eliminate
the risk everything that we can do to
mitigate the risk of mass of terrorism
seems worthwhile to make over a
Breitbart they're ripping Trump to I
think a lot of this now at Breitbart is
being driven by the idea that they're
trying to prove that Steve ban and the
Chairman over a Breitbart made a big
difference to Trump like a fan and we're
still in the administration things would
have change not real okay Bandon could
around this would have been Trump's plan
anyway because Trump had marginalized
Bandhan and didn't agree with him
obviously the over at Breitbart Brian
darling wrote quote I voted for Donald J
Trump because you promoted a foreign
policy of restraint I voted for Donald
Trump because he promised change I may
have made a mistake okay or maybe you're
just mistaken on policy and Trump is
right and you're wrong okay those are
words that don't frequently leave my
lips so definitely take note of them
when they do you're seeing people like
Lindsey Graham cheer the problem is that
Lindsey Graham is such an
interventionist and whenever he says
anything people tend to go oh boy not
Lindsey Graham but Lindsey Graham is
warm on this policy I think he's right
to be I'm proud I'm relieved I'm proud
of the fact that President Trump made a
national security decision not a
political decision I'm proud of the fact
as you listen to the generals and most
part of the fact that he shows the will
to stand up to radical Islam I'm
relieved it did not take the advice to
withdraw which would have been disasters
or create a mercenary army so I'm very
pleased very thoughtful very inspiring
speech and I can assure you a lot of
people in Congress will be behind the
president okay so I think that is
correct by the way now in other news
where Lindsey Graham is pleased but this
time you shouldn't be this is according
to McClatchy today Donald Trump aids are
pushing him to protect young people
brought into the country illegally as
children and then used the issue as a
bargaining chip for a larger immigration
deal despite the president's campaign
vow to deport so-called dreamers so now
they're trying to push him Trump's aides
are trying to push him to enshrine daca
the deferred action for childhood
arrivals program executive amnesty
remember Trump promised he was going to
get rid of it now they're saying to him
you should give citizenship to these
kids and in exchange should ask
government to build the wall and to
ensure that that legal immigration
levels are brought down I see no reason
why Trump should have to bargain with
Congress on this particular point as
I've said for a long time I'm not
against the idea that certain children
who arrived here in the United States
and are beneficial to the country should
be allowed to stay I think that illegal
immigrants should be judged on a
case-by-case basis they should have to
go to the back of the line but if
they're good for the country if they're
useful for the country if they are if
they served in the military for example
or let's say they're going to college
and engineering and they're good for the
economy they pay taxes and they have
families I don't see why we would toss
those people out of the country I don't
think they have the right to be here
however and that means
that you should deport the ones who
don't belong here okay trying to judge
everybody as a class I think is foolish
its attempt to now trade away one of
trumps key campaign promises in order to
achieve another of trumps key campaign
promises you want to piss off Breitbart
you want to piss off Carlson you want
piss off Coulter and there's no better
way to do it okay time for some things I
like things I hate and then
deconstructing the culture so things I
like speaking of people going blind from
looking at things in the sky there is a
there is a so we'll start with we'll
start with a book called the day of the
Triffids this is a great science fiction
novel by John Wyndham it's largely
forgotten
it's about agro warfare really is really
what it's about it's about this idea
that the Russians create the sort of
super species of plant that distributes
poison almost and but what happens that
one guy gets poisoned in the eyes by
this and then there's some sort of
nuclear explosion everybody looks at the
nuclear explosion in Britain and goes
blind and so he's the only one who's
left able to be see is young excited
person left in Britain or one of the few
and so it's actually the beginning of
this book is the inspiration for the
beginning of 28 days later you know it's
like the person who did 28 days later
said this because the beginning of the
book is the guy waking up in the
hospital
he's got bandages around his eyes he
takes off the bandages and the streets
are empty they're blind people wandering
around you know that's that's the
inspiration it's a good book it's it's a
very weird sci-fi book considered sort
of modern classic so go take a look John
Wyndham the day of the Triffids worth
reading I read it several years ago
don't remember it that well but remember
enjoying it okay other things that are
hilarious a Shep Smith I thought was
hilarious yesterday about the solar
eclipse as you noted from yesterday's
show
I was not entranced with the solar
eclipse I think it's like the pictures
are cool and everything people who are
going nuts like ooh an object moved in
front of another object right like
that's like we move between the moon and
the Sun pretty much every month which is
why the moon looks like the Sun looked
yesterday
whoop-dee-doo here Shep Smith going
crazy over it this is total eclipse of
the Sun watch 2017 on Fox News Channel
the excitement must be building and
building like like fireworks if I put
this here
and my phone here I have a total eclipse
of the phone fascinating it's amazing
my god the moon has gotten in front of
okay well I I don't know it's
interesting looking the Sun looks a
little like the moon up there in the
wall you mentioned it you got to sing it
where the deer and the Antelope play Wow
would you look at that it's a total
eclipse of the Sun and you look up they
know this is all it's going to be right
this is just a moon over a Sun oh the
sun's coming back here coming out oh my
goodness that didn't last long you I
want to hear more no because now you can
look at the thing it's covered so you
can look at it oh my god the sun is
returning jalapeno and how was it
response weird dark cold
another dark amazing I love nature
amazing I'm going to die now and we hope
that doesn't happen
want to see a total eclipse of this
monitor how about it it's totally
eclipsed well we're having a good time
too and there's some people who think we
should take this a little more seriously
on the Twitter well good for us this is
just a lot of fun we've been watching
the path of totality if you can catch a
v2 on screen if you run you know that it
goes like old Nats and stuff from the
70s whatever you move around okay so
chef Smith having too much fun with the
Eclipse yeah I think that everyone went
a little crazy I went out on the streets
of California and it was in LA and it
was the first time I'd ever seen anyone
look at the sky in LA because this guy
here is brown because of all the smog
says the first time anyone had ever
looked at the sky President Trump
however looked at the sky he decided
that it was worthwhile to he was wearing
glasses okay so a lot of people I know
glanced at the Sun for a second because
they didn't have the glass and they're
like I want to see what's going on
president Trump had the glasses and
because he's just a contrary guy he just
decided you know what I'm going to look
directly to Sun for no apparent reason I
people are literally shouting him it
said at him don't look at the Sun never
tell that never tell me what I can't do
he looks directly designed here he is
no look don't look any look young dad
milania's like what is wrong with you
well it's looking like what what
happened to you like where you dropped
as a child like was it pretty
spectacular so there's the president
it's going to be sad when in three days
he's clinically blind and he can't read
the teleprompter anymore and then things
are really going to get wild but you
know mr. Mizrahi was such a contrary guy
that I think that what we ought to do at
this point it suggests to President
Trump that he definitely needs to cut to
AEO matter what he does you should not
cut taxes he should definitely not cut
taxes and then he will just destroy the
IRS immediately pretty amazing okay
speaking of science that actually does
amaze me actually really cool science
this is very inspirational they're a
bunch of videos out now of people who
are deaf and have been given cochlear
implants or device in their ears that
allow them to hear for the first time it
really is quite incredible now - please
like
you hear it oh hi Cooper oh no that's
cool okay so if we're going to talk
about like amazing science I'd rather
watch that any day of the week over the
solar eclipse super super cool stuff
okay time for a quick thing that I hate
then we'll deconstruct culture for a
minute okay so the media is going nuts
because Katrina Pierson was on Fox News
and they're suggesting the Katrina
Pierson the former Trump spokeswoman who
is not good at her job she's not a super
articulate person they were suggesting
that she was defending slavery she's
clearly not defending slavery in this
clip but the media have decided to make
it seem as though she is anyway here is
Katrina Pierson talking Confederate
monuments in slavery with Lindy ocfo
professor Johns Hopkins University so
this is not a symbol of patriotism this
is a symbol of hatred and division and
while it is a piece of American history
is not necessarily the good part of
American history's actually nefaria so
it doesn't deserve a place on state
ground it deserves a place in museums
and that's where they need to be it
absolutely deserves a place because bad
history is still good history for this
country slavery is good here where we
are today where we are today a flavor is
good history jobs really well during
those times think about this for a
second where would we be today if not
for that Civil War where would we be
without really know are usually added
her job but she's not actually defending
slavery okay what she's suggesting is
that it is good you know American
history and slavery and Confederacy were
part of that history not that those were
good things okay that's not what she's
saying she just really sucks at her job
so that's it so before people started
saying meet Katrina Pierson is defending
slavery maybe they ought to just
recognize that never never attribute to
pro-slavery malice what you can
attribute to incompetence because that's
actually what's happening here okay so
time to deconstruct a little bit of
culture Evans on a serious
deconstruction of the culture in a while
so today we are going to do just that so
we'll begin with the song wild thoughts
this is DJ Khaled and Rihanna
we didn't cut the video for wild pots
because apparently it sniffalicious this
is according to this according to
Malthus who said that it would have
required a good amount of work and many
lost man-hours for people to blur out
the assets of Rihanna in this particular
music video but here is that what this
garbage song sounds like this is the
song again is called what helps a stupid
song called wild thoughts ok another one
ok sorry are you pondering there for one
second so I've heard this DJ Colin thing
is like a thing and then he just shouts
random phrase into microphone just the
person who does make up here she
informed me of many of DJ Khaled's key
phrases and she says he's very
inspirational he's very inspirational
because he shouts things like we the
best music we clearly not the best
grammar I don't know why verbs were
murdered but I wish that we would bring
them back and some also he apparently
shouts DJ Khalid in all of his songs
which is a weird thing to do I you know
I I do say that this is the ben shapiro
show but only to identify which show you
are listening to i assume that DJ khalid
is aware that people know that it's his
song maybe he's doing the same thing
maybe he's saying DJ khalid because he
thinks people don't know he's there
apparently also he has inspirational
phrases such as level up
what are we eleven and playing super
mario brothers and also he says bless up
which i don't know what that means and
major key is another one of his
apparently apparently just shouts
randomly major key which is weird does
he also shout random music gary things
does he that he suggests that we are
that we are now in when it goes into
minor key that she said shout minor key
does he does he shout how many flats are
in the predict that he shout like f flat
major
like well what what exactly does he I'm
confused in any case right he also so DJ
Khalid leads I'm okay we'll play some
more of this garbage song it's bad music
and and apparently Rihanna is is also
she she gave up on singing a long time
ago and now she sort of just like
breathes into a microphone and in
though she swallowed a kazoo and now
it's attempting to sing through it
making making maggots I want to be a
baby baby baby then and as much as I
came from a thing but no business on the
ground then again I just a cambiar of
you continue to dimming down and Wow so
apparently Rihanna also has a thing in
her songs now or she just repeats one
one word 1000 times right work work work
work work work work work work work and
now wild wild wild wild wild wild wild
wild wild wild wild wild wild yes this
clearly is increasing the IQ level of
the United States population also
nothing says feminism quite like no you
want to see me naked a key naked I want
to be your baby baby baby it's just like
whole Porter isn't it I mean really the
lyrics is it's just like the Gershwins
the lyrics here are just spectacular
spinning and it's wet like it just came
from maytag yet nothing says sexy to me
quite like a washing machine I mean
that's that's just hot stuff when I
think hot I think washing machine and
then I love that she can drop lines like
white girl wasted on that brown liquor
things that you could never say with
with races reversed right black girl
wasted on that vodka like that would be
racist but white girl wasted on that
brown liquor totally fine does any of
this actually promote like good image of
women and she's supposed to be one of
the things that I love about the the
modern pop music scene is that feminism
is basically like what a raunchy Randy
dude would be thinking about at two
o'clock in the morning after watching
porn on his computer
that's basically what feminism is now
right so much so that we can't even show
you the video because it sniffalicious
so it's basically softcore porn made by
all of these all of these pop stars who
can't sing because you can't sing okay
your voice is now garbage I know what
happened to her it sounds like it sounds
like Jon Snow strangled little finger
and now little fingers trying to sing I
mean that's it's just it's just bad
stuff all the way all the way through
and again you wonder why all these guys
have a vision of women that women are
just sex objects who want nothing more
than to get raunchy with them maybe it's
because pop is designed to play on those
male emotions and so there are a lot of
women who are taking a
image of that and it's generating a bad
image of women generally I don't think
that it's a good thing overall okay so
there is my critique of a garbage song
called wild but I was not inspired by DJ
college shrieking his own name I've been
informed that he's a good person told by
Malthus that he's a good person because
he loves his child I like that I do like
that these standard for being a good
person now maybe is a nice person I
don't know but I like that the standard
for being a good person in pop culture
world is basically you don't kill
puppies in your spare time like oh he
liked his child congratulations
he doesn't have sex with with corpses
like great like it's just our standards
in society have lowered somewhat I if he
does great things for people that's
great like those would be the things
that I'd want to hear about so you're
gonna have to make a better defensive DJ
college next time Malthus and or Jess I
am NOT inspired by his quote Keith I
wrote some of these down because they're
so inspirational key to more success is
a clean heart and a clean face a clean
doesn't have a beard weird okay well you
learn something new every day we will be
back here tomorrow president Trump is
supposed to make a big speech in Arizona
I believe that's today correct he's
supposed to tonight speak in Arizona
some riots expected so I'm sure there
will be much to talk about tomorrow we
will talk about it and Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
