thousands gathered in Boston over the
weekend for the most confusing protests
ever held in what seemed to be a
microcosm of the nation as a whole no
one at the protest knew what anyone
believed they just knew that they
themselves were Paragons of virtue and
hated everyone else they were Nazis
supporting free speech anti-fascist
supporting fascism and seven guys were
trying to get to the Red Sox game but
stopped off at the protest to see if
there was any free beer President Trump
added to the confusion by tweeting that
the country needed to heal but he
spelled heal h ee l so no one knows what
that was about
maybe something having to do with feet
your guess is as good as mine CNN's Jim
Acosta tried to clear things up with a
report from the scene saying quote look
at me
I'm Jim Acosta I can stand on my head
and wiggle my toes look at me look at me
look at me right now unquote a cost of n
played a video of himself
shouting rude and ignorant questions at
people without listening to their
answers and offered to sell passers-by a
home video entitled the Acosta family
picnic starring Jim Acosta in one
touching moment during the protest white
supremacist and anti-fascist joined
together for the annual worst people in
the country sing along singing quote we
are the worst people in the country we
wish we could write a song with clever
lyrics or even words that rhyme but we
can't because we are the worst people in
the country unquote the nation's
politics have become so confusing of
late because unemployment racism and
crime or at such low levels that no one
knows what to complain about so they're
just complaining about the first thing
that comes to mind
statues internet memes and every blessed
word out of Donald Trump's mouth as one
protester put it quote personally I
don't have any real problems that
couldn't be fixed by a good psychiatrist
but if I scream loudly enough maybe I
can make everyone hysterical about
something unquote Boston police
meanwhile seem to have done a good job
minimizing the violence at the rally
spreading out over the city and what
they called Operation keep these
knuckleheads from hurting one another as
one officer put it quote I have never
seen so many idiots gathered together in
one place for no earthly reason it's
like they held an aimless idiot
convention in Philadelphia and the
people who were too stupid to find their
way there
to boston instead unquote not all of the
protesters were terrible people however
one woman held up a sign saying we all
have to love one another but then
someone explained to her that that was
never going to happen
so she went home and watched TV as cNN's
Jim Acosta reported at the end of the
day quote look at me I'm Jim Acosta I
can pat my head and rub my tummy at the
same time I'm Jim Acosta look at me
unquote actually everyone at the protest
seems to have been saying pretty much
the same thing trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show there's a ring we also say
yes it's adopting Florida's if anything
it's someone
all right CNN just reported that Donald
Trump is devouring the Sun I didn't know
that yeah I just thought it was an
eclipse but apparently it's all Donald
Trump's fault and so is everything else
they just reported that maybe will now
live in eternal darkness until Donald
Trump resigns that's news from CNN
Michael Knowles is with us today to talk
about comedy he's going to say actually
wrote an article with words in it he
wrote an article with words in it I know
these were and they were the best words
he knows all the best words so he wrote
an article about comedy and and why
conservatives are funnier than leftist
which is certainly true here I know that
but he's going to come on after the
break so you got to subscribe if you
want to see more you can come over to
the daily wire.com and you can listen to
him but if you subscribe for a lousy 10
bucks a month you can watch the whole
show right on the site and be in the
mailbag on Wednesday have all your
questions answered and and if you
subscribe annually for a lousy hundred
bucks you get the leftist tears mug
tumblr whatever the hell it is you get
it it's yours and it has left us two
years on it and in it mine has left us
years actually in it you know the thing
I get asked most about Michael Knowles
because he now has this great new show
the Michael knows is having Michael
Knowles get a show and the answer is we
didn't you zip recruiter calm you know
because before we hire people here is we
kind of walk out in the street and say
does anybody want to show that's how I
got my show certainly and those was the
first to say yes but with zip recruiter
you can post your job to a hundred-plus
job sites with just one click and then
their powerful technology efficiently
matches the right people to your job
better than anyone else that's why zip
recruiter is different unlike other job
sites zip recruiter doesn't depend on
candidates finding you it finds them in
fact over 80% of jobs posted on zip
recruiter get a qualified candidate in
just 24 hours we here at the daily wire
have no idea what the words qualified
candidate actually mean I'm not even
sure I'm just I'm just saying those
things no juggling emails or calls to
your office simply screen rate and
manage candidates all in one place with
zip recruiters easy-to-use dashboard you
can find out today why zip recruiter has
been used by businesses of all
sizes to find the most qualified job
candidates with immediate results and
right now my listeners can post jobs on
zip recruiter for free which is pretty
cheap that's right free just go to zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire that's a
zip recruiter comm slash daily wire one
more time to try for free go to zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire don't
let Michael Knowles happen to you it was
right is the claimant this weekend Oh
first you know I really have to add just
from that opening we really have to give
kudos to the Boston Police because you
know they separated the protesters I who
knows what everybody they said it was a
free speech rally and then those people
didn't show up and then all the people
who were said they were anti-fascist but
are they also anti free speech I don't
know they're all marching everybody and
they just kept people apart and they had
a big show of manpower so good for them
you know I mean it's a little harder per
get people in put in for police in
places like Charlottesville smaller
towns to marshal that kind of show of
force but it's not so hard to keep these
people apart and reports from places
like Charlottesville and Berkeley
California that the cops kind of stand
down when the people they like are
getting the the people they dislike or
getting punched so I think that the good
for the Boston cops were doing it right
Steve Benin did not make it through the
Clavin was weakened so that that is that
is a genuinely interesting development I
mean Steve Bannon you know all these
reports see been and obviously the guy
who sort of informed Trump's view with
that nationalism that America first
build the wall you know they say he's
the guy who like pushed for the for
things like the regulations cutbacks and
the Gorsuch nomination and there's a
real concern now that he's gone that
Trump is basically surrounded by Jared
Kushner and Ivanka Trump Gary Cohen the
senior economic advisor who was a
Democrat
Goldman Sachs kind of guy Dena Powell
another senior advisor and another New
York liberal all these people you know
these liberals who surround them because
Donald Trump has a lot of Democrat
instincts he is basically a Democrat
with a few conservative ideas and Bannen
sort of informed him informed his ideas
with that
populism that loudmouth you know
national like an unpopular so I was
thinking you know is this a good thing
for us or a bad thing because like the
way that press always covers these
things is is it a good thing for Steve
Bannon is it a good thing for Donnell
Trump who cares I just care about us you
know I care but conservatives and and
conservatism and and you know there is
this worry with Trump there worry with
Trump's as the Trump sounds like a
conservative but he's not same worried
that I always say he sounds like a tough
guy but he's not really you know he's
just as prone to panic as anybody else
in the country the way the press you
know the strength of the media in this
country the strength of the news media
the left-wing news media in this country
is making people in power panic because
the people don't always panic but it's
it's getting people like after
Charlottesville oh my god you know he's
a Nazi
Trump is a Nazi supporting Nazis Bannon
has to go they've been pounding Bannon
has to go badass go forever because span
and represents everything they just like
even though Bannon is not that
conservative either he's kind of a
classical liberal he wants to tax the
rich and you know his anti pre-trade
thing I don't think anybody on the right
the real right is actually against that
Bannon is saying well now I'm going to
war he said he said first of all he said
the donald trump presidency that we
fought for and won is over so basically
he is saying that now donald trump he
says some good things still may come out
of it but donald trump is now just going
to be at the hands of all the democrats
and liberals surrounding them and all
the globalists that's their big thing
the globalist and Breitbart he went back
to the Breitbart site to lead the
Breitbart side there's some talk of him
trying to construct a conservative
nuisance network immediately says this
is war this is war and what do they mean
by that are they going to war with Trump
or are they going to war with all the
people they think are telling Trump the
wrong thing to do I mean my experience
periods of life two things that I can
tell you from my experience of like one
if you leave a power center
you've lost your power like people
always think I'm going to leave and
fight this from the outside that never
works because once you're out of the
power thing nobody remembers you were
even there in this case it's a little
different because bannon's power was the
Breitbart site once he got into the and
then his power was Trump in the in the
race in the campaign once he got into
the White House he was just the guy at
the end of the hall that nobody was
listening to and with the good things
that he did the pushing for to make sure
they really got conservative judges
pushing against the regulations which
after all are Trump's major
accomplishments so far with that came
the banning of it all I mean as I've
always said then it has never been
anything but gracious and polite to me
but everyone I know who knows him or has
worked with him says that he goes off on
them that he's bullying that he has a
bad temper that he is always at war
doing battle with people I have seen a
little bit of that and you can't have
that in the White House all the time you
know you have to have you can't have
that chaos and cut what has happened my
view of the Trump presidency so far is
the Trump is a guy I keep saying this
nobody lists nobody listens to this but
it is true somebody's got a deep deep
personality flaws okay
that's yeah I know who who knew right
but but he is a guy who learned stuff
and he started to learn how to wrangle
the cats in the Congress and then his
personality flaws took over and
everybody you know study the the firing
and the you know the kind of chaos
coming out of the White House generated
by the White House the bigmouth ISM that
scares all the little Republicans away
because they're scared of the press and
they go running for help that doesn't
help get your agenda through the
legislature right it doesn't help get
the Senate in the house to pass the
bills you want them to pass so all the
things that Trump can do appointing
judges taking care of you know the
foreign policy cutting back regulations
all those things that he can do he can
do but he can't get his any laws passed
unless these people are with him and if
he wants them to take risks like Obama
got the Democrats to take risks for his
health care bill he's got to have some
personal power with the people or else
they're just not going to listen to and
all this firing stuff if he thinks
firing people is going to get him
any leeway with the Democrats it's just
not going to happen I mean this is the
one thing protecting us from a full
Democrat trump presidency is the
Democrats hate him and he hates people
who hate him Adam Schiff you know they
ease the guy who's been hounding Trump
over the Russian thing
things though on the head on the House
Intelligence Committee
he's on Jake Tapper and listen he
listened to whether he's going to be
satisfied Tapper asked him are there
more people who need to be fired yeah
basically everybody and including Trump
you know there's certainly a lot of
people on the White House staff and NSC
staff that shouldn't be there people
like Miller and Gorka and others who not
only I think represent the same thing
that's the abandonded but aren't capable
of doing the job well so yes I think
there's more cleaning house that ought
to take place but as I mentioned in that
tweet Jake the the more fundamental
problem is at the very top I think what
the President had to say about the
demonstrations in Boston else or was
perfectly fine perfectly unobjectionable
but also perfectly inadequate after that
debacle of a press conference he had
supposedly on infrastructure you know
the real I think challenge and job for
the chief executive in the country where
race has always been such a difficult
conversation is to do everything
possible to bring our country together
to help make us a more perfect union and
what the president did this week was as
if he stood on a line divided in the
country and push to separate the one
American from another with all his might
so what was it Trump doing that or was
it somebody else doing that you know I
mean was it Trump really dividing listen
I think I truly believe that Donald
Trump blew is blowing one of the great
opportunities I said this during the
primaries when I was saying that you
shouldn't nominate Trump the reason I
said you should nominate from one of
them the many reasons was that the press
has spent its credibility CNN the New
York Times ABC CBS NBC they now because
of the way they covered Obama or failed
to cover Obama they now have no
credibility
the problem with Trump is he keeps
walking into the punch so it's fun to
watch him take the press on because the
press is corrupt and weak and dishonest
it's fun but he doesn't do it as well as
he needs to do it he doesn't do it with
the kind of wit and witticism and and
wisdom that is required to do it but if
you don't think you know it there's a
YouTube video going kind of viral it's
getting a lot of press
from a very beautiful young girl named
Candace Owen who has a youtube series
called the myth of the coon and she's if
you can't if you can't watch because for
some reason you're not a subscriber or
something like that um she's an
absolutely gorgeous girl and she comes
on and basically says you expect me to
panic where's the panic really coming
from just listen to a little bit of this
I mean there are what six thousand
Klansmen left in our nation you want me
to actually process that as a legitimate
fear every day when I wake up its Donald
Trump's fault that they're feeling
energized it's a Thomas fall that black
lives matters violent both of you
children to your room it's obviously the
media's fault I mean India is creating
this entire narrative and it is crazy
absolutely crazy to me that people have
not figured this out yet I mean watch
think we didn't hear a single thing
about David Duke white supremacy and the
KKK the entire time Obama was in office
do you think that they were all hiding
underground waiting for the next white
president meeting by the light of the
moon do you really actually believe that
they weren't still meeting holding
protests having rallies and marches
maybe the media wasn't covering it you
should brave I mean the media is
literally simulating a reality right now
and it is fascinating to watch football
for it over and over again my only
person in the world that relied on her
own experience of the dictate what's
going on in the world hey maybe it's me
maybe I live in a bubble where black
people and white people actually get
along every day
not even this that seems that you know
exactly right I mean that is exactly
right and I will prove it to you I will
prove to you that is the all the source
of all the panic source of all the
tension the source of everything is
going on I mean it is the media I will
prove it to you in just a minute but
first first we must talk about the fact
we mustn't forget you know everybody's
talking about the Eclipse everybody's
talking about all these events that are
going on people forget to talk about the
fact that it's national underwear month
I mean come on you know these are our
national traditions these are things
that people have passed down from
raishin degeneration and have looked at
each other and said why are you giving
me this underwear and her father has
explained the son mother has explained
to daughter because it is national
underwear month this is the time when we
should all gather together as one no
matter what color we are no matter what
we religion are and buy some underwear
who me undies me undies the best
underwear
they are such they are so incredibly
comfortable and they come in till e'en
different colors and designs always when
you go on their website they always have
new designs funny designs regular
designs all kinds of things for both men
and women specially designed each each
pair is specially designed for both men
and women I'm not going to go into too
much detail about that I think that's
just too much information but trust me
they are incredibly comfortable they are
made from lensing micro mode ow a
sustainably sourced naturally soft
fabric that's proven to be three times
softer than cotton I have worn them I'm
telling you this is true they get it
where it they had some some they get
this with some tree grows in Bavaria
Austria some incredible new material and
it actually is it naturally contains
odor what it was it a strip was it
Australia no it was Austria oh well who
can tell this they all look alike those
Austrians and Australians anyway they
really feel good they're silky smooth a
down right
dreamy embrace of me undies and guess
what all through national underwear
month you can try them risk-free you can
have gone until August 31st and get 20%
off your first pair plus free shipping
at me undies dot-com ME und IES dot-com
/ Clavin thank you thank you I'm glad
you asked me that question its Clavin
que la vie a n me undies dot-com /
Clavin 20% off your first pair me undies
dot-com / Clavin and if you don't like
them they're free so all through August
national underwear month while you're
sitting around the national underwear
trees I mean underwear carols you can
get your me undies and try them for free
we should probably break from Facebook
and YouTube which means if you want to
hear the rest of this
come on over the daily wire.com but to
see it you have got to subscribe for
your lousy 10 bucks a month look at that
that what are you doing with it you're
not doing anything with it is sitting in
your wallet give it to us and we will
entertain you and inform you as only we
can but let me prove to you that this is
pure everything that has happened over
the last week is pure media entirely and
this is granting that Donald Trump says
things that you know sometimes go up my
spine it's granting that he shouldn't
have said oh they're wonderfully fine
people on both sides even though I know
what he meant was on both sides of the
issue of statues you know he doesn't
have a feel for the fact that race it
has been a thorn in America side okay
all that is fine here is the former
president
what was his I can't remember his name
because his legacy is now just a
steaming pile of nothingness Graeme
Obree me I think Oh brownie yeah that is
did something Jack Cobra me I think it
was president Jack Olbermann if it's to
2015 prayer breakfast all right I was at
the prayer breakfast this year I talked
about it on the show afterwards and you
know it's just gathering together this
wonderful feeling mostly Christian there
are obviously rabbis there and there are
a couple of Muslims and all this but
it's mostly a Christian field is mostly
still a Christian country and so Obama
gets up and this is after his policies
have led to the rise of Isis now Isis
going nuts and they were just
slaughtering people right just
atrocities like we haven't seen in a
generation truly truly terrible terrible
things these terrible terrible people
are doing this is Obama's speech about
this okay and here's just some excerpts
we see - a brutal vicious death cult
that in the name of religion carries out
unspeakable acts of barbarism
terrorizing religious minorities life
annuities subjecting women to rape as a
weapon of war and claiming the mantle of
religious authority for such actions
unless we get on our high horse and
think this is unique to some other place
remember that during the Crusades the
Inquisition people committed terrible
deeds in the name of Christ in our home
country slavery and Jim Crow all too
often was justified in the name of
Christ that is not unique to one group
or one religion there is a tendency in
us a sinful tendency that can pervert
and distort our faith now let's compare
this to what Donald Trump said at his
press conference when he said they're
nice people on both sides both sides of
the plane first of all Trump was correct
okay he was correct in saying that both
sides were to blame the antiphon people
are violent thugs if you include black
lives matter if you include the false
narrative that Michael Brown was killed
unjustly all the cops were killed in
Dallas all the violent protests in
Ferguson that burned the city to the
ground set that city back all of these
can be ascribed to left-wing violence
and not and also of course the now they
call them an Tifa they put the accents
on the wrong Salado antifa
now beating up people in Berkeley when
they come to speak attacking people even
at this Boston rally which like I said
was really well handled by the cops the
violence was left-wing violence it was
people carrying down flags people
attacking people if they had short
haircuts all right what Obama said was
wholly false obviously I mean yes there
were atrocities committed by Western
Christians during the Crusades and by
Muslims during the Crusades but the
Crusades were largely a defensive war
against the onslaught of Islam which was
trying to wipe Europe off the face of
the map as it had wiped Byzantine Rome
off the face of the map as it was it had
been enslaving people for
decades and centuries coming in and
raiding villages and taking people away
to be slaves
so that was nonsense slavery there were
people who justified slavery in the name
of the Bible there were also people all
the people all the people who shut
slavery down were religious people
Christian religious people so it's just
like fractured history that Obama is
spewing up there at a moment when Isis
not 150 years ago not a thousand years
ago then right then was slaughtering and
raping people as I say like we haven't
seen since the Nazis just absolute
absolutely an incredible statement okay
now here's here's my point
conservatives said everything about
Obama after that event that liberals are
saying about Trump now okay so there's
no no difference there ever the things
that were going on in in the
conservative circles or exactly the same
were just as outraged it was outrageous
but the press is enormous enormous echo
chamber it was nothing to them here's a
just an example from the Washington Post
president Obama has never been one to go
easy on America as a new Impreza dn't he
dismissed the idea of American
exceptionalism America he has suggested
as much to answer given its history in
Latin America and the Middle East his
latest challenge came Thursday at the
National Prayer Breakfast at a time of
global anxiety over Islamist terrorism
Obama noted pointedly that his fellow
Christians who make up a vast majority
of Americans should perhaps not be the
ones to cast the first stone
some Republicans were outraged and
that's the difference right there it is
not that we're facing a national crisis
assist some Republicans were outraged
and CNN of ABC NBC CBS The New York
Times said some Democrats were outraged
by Donald Trump then we could be having
the conversation but we're not having a
conversation we're having a big panic
and I'm going to get back to this at the
end of the show when you think about
what's happening in this country the
employment unemployment is virtually
gone crime is still very low some of
Obama's policies worsened it and some of
these left-wing policies in cities like
Chicago in Baltimore have
have worsened it but it's still really
low from its height in the 70s and 80s
and 90s in part of the 90s it's really
come down racism I'm sorry but except in
random instances in a country of so many
you know hundreds of millions of people
racism is not a problem in this country
racism is not a problem if anything it's
white people who suffer from it because
of affirmative action type things but I
don't even believe that's a terrible
terrible problem you know a real problem
the kind of problems that you have if
you're in Sierra Leone at this moment or
something like that this country is so
much angrier than the level of its
dysfunction that the anger is a
dysfunction in and of itself some of
which some of which is I have to put at
the door of the press but some of which
of course could they couldn't get away
with what they're getting away with it
weren't being generated from within us
as well so we're going to have Michael
Knowles on talk about comedy but if
since we're going to talk by comedy we
cannot ignore the fact that Jerry Lewis
died and and this is an amazing thing he
died at 91 amazing thing I was talking
to my son about it yesterday and he was
like who's Jerry Lewis you know and and
I that it that is how fleeting Fame is I
mean what would be that'd be like to
most of the people listening to that
show it'd be like somebody saying who
was Madonna who were the Beatles
something like that I mean Jerry Lewis
was immense immense and if you don't I
mean he came after the war he was this
antic Jewish comedian who played like
basically a retard I mean that's all you
know all they talk in it's fine Eva
likes me I didn't you know who flail
around and he linked up with Dean Martin
who was this kind of crooner of the of
the Italian variety you know very much
the sort of second generation of
crooners of American cruisers and with
the sleek kind of loverboy Dean Martin
and there's Eton wooden Jerry Lewis
described their acting described it as a
handsome guy in an ape or a handsome guy
in a gorilla something like that and
they would do this lounge act this act
in nightclubs where at the end of it
they would just start ad libbing and it
was like people had never seen anything
like it before and you can't find it
it's not there no tapes of it because it
was
alive and once they got on TV of course
it started to get curtailed you know
because they couldn't curse and they
couldn't do all the blue material they
were doing but here is just I just to
give you a flavor of it because this is
now we're talking like 1947 to 1957 this
is when the Martin and Lewis guys were
huge but just to give you a flavor of it
here if they are on a Bing Crosby Bob
Hope television show okay so now that's
the old generation and Crosby in Hope
who were themselves a comedy team in
film introduced the two of them and
Lewis and Martin come on and just this
is just as a sliver of it I think a big
nutbrown a beautiful Friday Britney air
bell boy innkeeper find that boy the Bob
Hope Robert weird bang probably here
fine light up there walk around for an
hour
you're gone
hi
cut the strings on hey he's hiding and I
don't blame them
Helsinki right now ah no no thank you he
thought it was dirty
I wonder why we've asked you here
tonight what well let's give the others
it well rehearsed get unit out
I'll tell the folks are happy we ought
to be here
like to say that it certainly is a
thrill being on the job especially with
Amazon voter ID 7 oh the none of the
you'll think Crosby obviously who's a
despot an American icon maybe one of the
biggest he's like boy boy so spare this
very antic stuff you cannot captured
after they had a massive acrimonious
breakup Martin and Lewis I think it was
around 57 58 and Louis they both went on
and had these tremendous careers the
idea was that Louis I can't remember
whether was Louis was the talented one
and Martin was not supposed to not be
but they both went on that tremendous
career Louis started to direct not only
make movies but direct movies and he's
an acquired taste it's like I personally
like I've never really gotten into him
but he made this one film called the
Nutty Professor which Eddie Murphy
remade later with Louis producing it but
he directed this film in which he played
this kind of shambolic shambling
retarded looking professor who does a
Jekyll and Hyde thing and he takes a
drink and he turns into Dean Martin he
turns into the but he loved this lounge
singer and it sort of worked out this
thing which was obviously a big deal in
his head where Martin had become his
idol you know this sort of smooth
easygoing non-jewish
a guy who just fit in and all the women
loved him the joke of course was that
Dean Martin was a very strange guy and a
kind of a misanthrope who ended up
almost his life almost as a hermit where
his Lois was sleeping with every woman
who came anywhere near him I mean Lewis
was actually the lover boy of the two of
them so if you don't think he's had an
effect just take a look at Jim Carrey
Robin Williams who else I mean just
about every Woody Allen directed his
first film only when Lewis said he
wouldn't do it they've all all been
affected he was at the heart of American
comedy again an acquired taste but truly
truly a giant in the field in terms of
his effect and people have just
completely forgot him I got to say also
a goodbye to Dick Gregory before we go
to Noel's Dick Gregory it was also a
tremendous comic and one of the people
in the 60s who came along and
transformed
comedy into comedy as we know it today
you got to turn up the sound on this is
a little dim but just take a listen to
this this was shocking stuff in its time
and dick rate we went on to become a
civil rights activist from from this
podium I think any baseball player
having troubles so that's a great sport
for my people that is the only sport in
the world where Negro can shake a stick
at a white man and won't start no right
because now don't get me wrong are we
doing all right now at the rate we go in
10 years from now you might have to be
my color to get a job you let's face it
they're not making man hand for nothing
me right I'll get in there raise taxes
on you I mean I don't get me wrong I
wouldn't mind payin my income tax if I
knew it was going to a friendly country
and we have a lot of racial prejudice up
north but we're so clever with it take
my hometown Chicago I mean you can't see
it it's just going in there
when Negroes in Chicago move into one
large area and it looked like we might
control the votes they don't say
anything to us they have a slum
clearance there's that he was the first
guy died you saw in the audience there
were white people he was the first black
comedian who really appealed to white
people with that kind of humor making
fun because that was when white people
were starting to take on board have you
got Noel's Noel's your repressible
Roscoe how you doing well physical so
you wrote an article with actual words
in it I'm as shocked as an yeah it was
actually it was quite good if I had
known that you could write like that I'd
have read your first book it is amazing
because I got to show because I
published a blank book and then I also
was asked to write this article by by
the point magazine because of my blank
book which doesn't there does not seem
to be any correlation between those two
things but in any case glad I could
write it ya know and it actually was
gracefully written and and almost
intelligent I was like oh this is it we
are just different Michael Nolt but but
your basic premise is that most comp
most great comedy now is actually on the
right I know of course I knew you were
referring to me even mentioned me I
don't think I was fellow they meant they
left it out yeah I'll call the editor
yeah I'll get McCall yeah please
but but do you think that's true do you
think that the right is actually the
funnier side at this point yeah that is
certainly true and I think if you look
at popular comedy now you'd have to
conclude that you could even ask Jerry
Seinfeld no no strong right winger and
conservative himself he won't play
college campuses I because the kids are
too PC there and but there's also a
distinction to be made
I think conservatives are funnier it's
hard to identify conservative comedians
because they want to work they keep
their heads down it's no question about
exactly you can at least identify non
leftist comedians comedians like I think
of nor McDonald as an example of them I
don't know that he's conservative I
don't know that he's a a Buckley I but
he's certainly not a leftist right and
he's the best comedian around Dennis
Miller is another example of that Jim
Norton other guys using our new e ck his
latest Netflix thing writing stuff about
abortion that really blew my socks off
and by the way just to mention that
Jerry Lewis was also he was a trump
supporter and a Reagan supporter as well
now I might finally like it I'm with you
if you never get never appealed to me
but I but so I think that that is true
writing they are funnier but more
importantly I think that the sense of
humor in the country resides entirely on
the right eye I remember one time you
had said that arrest why conservatives
aren't funny and you said it's be
allowed to have a sense of humor that's
why we're not funny because they won't
laugh at themselves exactly and that
that I think is that I think that comedy
essentially requires truth and hope I
think that there has to be those two
elements I think it's evident from Henny
Youngman one-liners take my wife please
all the way up to Dante's comedy where
you begin in the in the pit of hell and
you ascend all the way up to heaven and
I think you need truth and hope and I
says he's he's expressing what we're all
feeling people say he's saying what
we're all thinking
because it needs it's funny because it's
true right and on the Left these days
not only do they despair not only do
they not have hope because of their
materialist worldview but they deny
truth all together as though well I
think but I think you make a point that
is it what you are saying is not true
but simply virtru signaling then
somebody who makes fun of it is not just
attacking your ideas he's attacking your
very self you know he's attacking your
virtue that's exactly right and you so
you can't there's nothing outside of you
there's nothing that you can stare at
and laugh at as an absurdity rather it
is it is attacking you and also if
you're if you're simply virtue signaling
if you're constructing
as fantasies if you refuse to
acknowledge tragic the tragic fact of
life the Fallen nature of the world then
it's you you can't tell a joke about it
because people aren't seeing what you're
pretending to see we all have eyes we
can all see the world and you can't you
can only pretend for so long but you
also mentioned I mean in my memoir which
does have words in it I guess I just
want to say I'm not comparing not
competing but I just want to say I'm
trying to work my way up you know you've
written all these books with words I've
written like four pages I'm going to try
to slowly but surely work up to that but
but in in my book of about my conversion
the great good thing I talk about the
fact one of the things I talked about
was that the comedy at the heart of the
of the tragic world convinced me that we
were fallen that we were in a fallen
state that there was something better
that we knew we could be that makes it
funny when we suck you know it's like
it's like when when we are evil when we
sin we're like a guy in a tuxedo who's
slipped on a banana peel and fallen into
a puddle because we know we're meant to
be closer to the angel and Ronald Reagan
echo to this exact point it's in a poem
that he wrote when he was 17 I saw a
copy of it up at the Reagan Library but
it the poems called life and it says I
wonder what it's all about and why we
suffer so when little things go wrong we
make our life a struggle when life
should be a song and it goes on and
echoes the point that you've made before
which is that suffering and sin would be
funny if not it's not for the pain of it
it was like a destruction because it is
an absurdity and even I think
Shakespeare gets to this as well when
when Hamlet is feigning madness he says
he that he's lost all of his mirth I
have a label wherefore I know not lost
all my mirth right and it appears
statement he's feigning madness here it
appears to me what Shakespeare saying no
less a comedian than Shakespeare is that
hope in here's in truth the sign of
sanity is not despair and anger but its
delight its joy and we see that in
people who don't have this left-wing
materialist reductive worldview I think
it is here to laugh at the world even
when you're looking at painful things
you know it really is you know before
you came on doing some show prep I was
looking at all the comedians out there
and of course one of the things that
I'm really it really bothers me is that
we have all these late-night comedians
and every single one of them is an
anti-trump left-winger every single one
and when Jimmy was at Jimmy Kim no not
Jimmy Kimmel Jimmy Fallon right who
there's less who was nice to Donald
Trump they basically browbeat him into
apologizing for it and when you look at
them and you see what they do a Stephen
Colbert who can be used to be pretty
funny just making fun of us making fun
of right-wingers but he was funny he
does this thing now where it's basically
it's all fu Donald Trump after you know
it's just that's over and over and over
again you and then the crowd goes wild
how radical things have said different
amazing you know breakthrough in comedy
styling that you would tell the
President of the United States you know
if you you know like such creativity in
language create you know the use of
language you say and you just think like
really you know how did how do you sleep
at night doing that kind of stuff it's
not even good blue material you know
it's bad stuff and I think now he used
to be funny during the Obama years
because he had his old show where he was
playing a character and because we could
laugh at him and therefore laugh at
ourselves but there's something when
because politics takes on such a
religious fervor for I suppose some
people on the right but I think
predominantly for the left they they
just can't laugh that you know so
everything is amped up we saw this under
Bush too everything becomes mean and
hysterical and unfunny
whereas when they have their president
and they can basically take a breather
they have the they have the time in the
brain brain space to make a joke and
laugh at themselves as long as yeah well
as long as they're not laughing too much
at their own idea exactly all right
Michael Ball was the host of the Michael
Ball show because as I explained we
didn't use if recruiter comm I would
wonder if I was just so happy you were
walking around outside that lunatic
asylum as his other question I don't
know where someone would have found it
this show is great and I'll talk to you
later thanks for coming out it's time
for our crappy culture yeah
so you know here's the thing that I
wanted to get back to about where we're
at and it's actually what Knowles was
talking about - the the incredible
amount of anger in our in our culture
and the incredible division comes at the
same time as the economy is doing well
people are not racist like they used to
be there's always going to be racism in
the world people are people and there's
always going to be that stuff around and
I'm sorry for it it makes my heart hurt
to see it sometimes especially when it
you know when it hurts little people
that always is always the worst thing
whenever it's kids and all this stuff
but it's always going to be around the
country is actually you know we're not
at war we're not the crime rate is down
where whence comes this this incredible
rage that everybody seems to be feeling
and that the press is Jenning up and
what that YouTube lady was talking about
is when you live your ordinary life I
mean I live in LA everybody is every
different color here I'm always
everywhere that I go out you know I
don't see I'd never walk into a room
that's all black people are all white
people or all anybody we're all here
together people are gracious people are
kind to one another people talk to one
another you know that is the real life
of America and yet and yet in the press
and in our politics this rage that it
has just been brewing and brewing not
just for for seven months but for eight
years for 15 years at least recently
very recently it has come out that the
second leading cause of death and young
adults is suicide that is an incredible
statistic most most young people if they
die die by accident I mean car crashes
things like that but suicides are the
second leading cause of deaths or you're
a young person you've got everything to
look forward to you've got the whole
world in front of you and you're killing
yourself you're offering yourself and
sometimes with as people look at it with
no particular reason you know with no
it's not that they're bullied it's not
that they're
you're transgender it's not that is any
of the things that the press likes to
bring forward and of course when there's
an epidemic like this an epidemic of
suicide everybody likes to blame what
they don't like oh it's all because of
television shows that I dislike it's all
because of this it's all because we're
at war with Islam or something like this
here's a woman named Jeanne twinges
psychology professor at San Diego State
who wrote in the Atlantic Monthly I've
been researching generational
differences for 25 years starting when I
was a 22 year old doctoral student in
psychology typical typically the
characteristics that come to define a
generation appear gradually and along a
continuum beliefs and behaviors who were
already rising simply continue to do so
but she says around 2012 I noticed
abrupt shifts and teen behaviors and
emotional states the gentle slopes of
the line graphs became steep mountains
and sheer cliffs and many of the
distinctive characteristics of the
Millennial Generation began to disappear
I had never seen anything like it and
she talks about what happened then we'll
of course 2012 was part of was after the
Great Recession which lasted from
officially from 2007 to 2009 but she
said the one thing that happened at that
time was the proportion of Americans who
used a smartphone surpassed 50 percent
and she says that young people now are
so isolated by their smartphones that
they are now living in a world of
loneliness and it's the world that has
benefits for parents too because if
you're not outside you're not going to
get attacked you're not going to fall
off your bike and kill yourself you're
not going to get hit by a car if you're
inside looking at your screen you are
physically safe but you're not
spiritually safe because even your
relationships with other people have
ceased to be relationships one on one
and I think this goes hand-in-hand
myself I wrote a piece this week but I
finished it I thought there's a piece
that everyone is going to ignore you
know because it was a piece I really
reject racism as a philosophy I mean
forget about all the hate and all the
stuff as a philosophy I really don't
believe that race divides us I don't
believe that there are serious
differences in race I believe there are
no moral differences in the races I
don't believe that the genetics overtime
has real effect I believe everything is
ideas I don't believe that we're
physical creatures I believe what's
important
about us is our minds I mean the idea
that you know that we try so hard to
make everything materialistic we say
it's a problem with Islam is that the
young men don't have jobs the problem
with Islam is the ideas in Islam it's
what the ideas do to the human soul and
if you don't have the idea that another
person is a soul another person that
you're talking to somebody eternal who
really exists in in plate ways that you
can't see then their opinions just
become things to you they don't become
expressions of that soul they just
become things that get in your way and
when you're talking to people through a
screen all the time and never looking
into somebody else's eyes it becomes
easy you know one of the reasons I don't
go on Twitter I'm on Twitter a lot but I
don't go on Twitter and yell at people I
don't call people names I mean the
harshest thing I ever say is that
somebody's a knucklehead and when I say
that I'm talking to somebody with power
I'll say that to the bowling Stone
magazine or something like that but I
won't say it to an ordinary person who
disagrees with me I never do it it's
because I remember that on the other
side of the screen there is another
human being another soul who may have
problems that I don't think about at all
I think this division is isolation this
idea that we are bags of chemicals
sparked with electricity instead of
spiritual beings eternal spiritual
beings has really broken us it has
really broken us and we're screaming at
one another over statues because why not
we're all if if all we are is material
we're all statutes
we're screaming at each other over
statues were screaming at each other
over you know whether Donald Trump
condemned something enough whether he
you know said the exact right words this
is what we're screaming about and yes
the press is to blame yes CNN is to
blame the media is to blame but there's
something in us that has lost the plot
of what it means to be a human being and
I think these kids killing themselves
are part of that that is our crappy
culture and it certainly is crappy but
but we are here to fix it that is why
each one of us has come and each one of
us will do our part and we will turn it
around we really will I don't think this
is the end at all I think this is the
end of something I really do think it is
the end of the post-war consensus we
will build a new consensus
let's hope it's a better one I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew claim until we
get a guess tomorrow we have Dinesh
yes Dinesh D'Souza will be with us
tomorrow be here then I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin shop
