so the FBI investigation into Brett
Kavanaugh is happening I should say
another investigation the man has been
investigated by the FBI through FBI
background checks like like six times so
this is this is the seventh time the
seventh investigation no allegation or
hint of sexual misconduct was uncovered
through through the first six
investigations so now we're gonna have
we're gonna have a seventh one and and
maybe they'll turn something up this
time around now I've heard some very
frankly well stupid Republicans and
conservatives who have said hey you know
there's there's no problem here there's
there's no problem with a with an FBI
investigation what's the big deal with
an FBI investigation right it only it's
only gonna last a week and it'll help us
get to the truth so it's it's it's great
you know you don't you don't lose
anything here well to the people in that
camp I you really need to wake up from
your coma you you it's it's I think it's
time that's it's a time to to awaken and
look around and just exist within
reality I think it's really time for you
to do that if you're in that camp you
need to realize that the nothing the
Democrats say is true they're the ones
who want this FBI investigation nothing
they say is true nothing they say is
said in good faith nothing nothing at
all there's a reason why Democrats
desperately want this investigation and
like everything else that they say and
they do it's got nothing to do with the
truth whatsoever ever okay if Democrats
were interested in truth they wouldn't
have held on to these allegations until
the last minute if Democrats were
interested in the truth they wouldn't be
entertaining wild conspiracy theories
they wouldn't they wouldn't be
entertaining these wild stories from
emotionally unbalanced women
about roving high school rape gangs okay
if Democrats were interested in the
truth
they wouldn't have announced that they
believed Christine Ford before the
before they'd ever even heard either one
of them testify if Democrats were
interested in the truth they would have
taken the opportunity during the hearing
to ask Christine Ford some actual
questions about what allegedly happened
rather than just taking turns giving her
high-fives and each other high-fives if
Democrats were interested in the truth
they would have actually asked Cavanaugh
about the allegations rather than asking
him about things that were in his
yearbook when he was 17 but Democrats
are not interested in the truth at all
whatsoever
