all around the country brain
left-wingers are finally taking on
America's greatest enemy statues yes
leftist who call themselves anti far a
term which means far have taken to the
streets and parks to defend our great
nation from these sneaky bronze figures
who have perfected the insidious art of
standing absolutely still while pigeons
crap all over them left us to focus
their attacks on statues that represent
the Confederacy in order to bring this
country together by revisiting issues
that were settled in a sea of American
blood over a hundred and fifty years ago
after all if these events are allowed to
pass into memory we might forgive some
of the bad things people did to one
another before we were born and move on
into the future instead of acting like a
bunch of primitive tribesmen who keep
feuding over the same ancient grievance
forever and no one wants that as anti
far leader jackass imide told the daily
wire in an exclusive interview from his
apartment in the Joseph Stalin home for
the morally inexcusable quote these
statues may look in a sense standing
there all motionless and covered with
pigeon crap but after darkness falls
they suddenly spring to life and join
forces with the voices in my head to try
to reinstall the Confederacy in parks
and museums across the land unquote we
also spoke to anti fob protestor Mimi
screamer as she was busy pulling down a
statue of Beauregard T cornpone the
famous Confederate private who fought
the Battle of oh my god them Yankees
have burned down my ramshackle farm
screamer and her friends dragged the
statue off its pedestal then to make
sure the statue would never get up and
bother anyone ever again
they kicked the statue repeatedly while
making the statement quote this filthy
statue will once and for all ow I think
I broke my toe ow ow ow ow ow ow
unquote after neutralizing the threat
from all the statues that represent the
southern states the leftist protesters
plan to go on destroying statues from
other parts of America they dislike
including the West where whites killed
Indians the north where industrialists
abused their
workers and the east where the
protesters parents refuse to let them
continue to live in their garages
rent-free as anti file leader uncle fat
told our reporter quote we have begun by
attacking Confederate statues because
nobody likes slavery and we can get away
with it but our real plan is to
undermine America's sense of history and
patriotism because we hate everything
the country stands for oh wait did I say
that out loud
unquote the brave battle of the leftist
versus the statue will continue despite
one tragedy where a leftist pulled a
statue of a charging Confederate soldier
down on himself and was bayonetted to
death President Trump addressed the
incident saying there was blame on both
sides
Democrats attacked the president saying
his failure to specifically denounce the
statue proves his secret attachment to
statues and CNN's Jim Acosta added look
at me I'm Jim Acosta look at me look at
me look at me right now trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
there's a really noticing it's adopting
low-level is if anything it's alright
the Clavin was weakened suppose I dread
to think last time use it glass I'm only
the entire country exploded so hopefully
that bad this time we have Jesse Lee
Peterson the Reverend Jesse Lee Peterson
the founder of bond is with us basically
is a guy I just I love the guy because
he I pride myself on saying whatever is
on my mind I pride myself that I
everybody knows what I think I never
hide but he is he is the single most
courageous person I've ever met he will
just say whatever he thinks no matter
how politically incorrect and I always
love talking to him
I'm although sorry you know I'm a little
sorry because whenever I always it
always bothers me that whenever a
commentator comes on the air who happens
to be black he always has to talk about
racial issues as this every black guy
represents all black people like Jason
Riley
he's always got to talk like Jason Riley
I know Asia is a really bright guy who
knows about a range of issues
white guys come on they talk about
Russia they talk about North Korea black
has always have to talk about race but
we invent we invited Jesse on weeks ago
in fact he was bumped because of a
scheduling conflict so he just has to
come on and talk about Charlottesville
is just the luck of the draw it's like
what what God decreed that Jesse has to
come on and talk about Charlottesville
but anyway he's very extremely had oh he
and I had a big debate during the
election before during the primaries
about Donald Trump so he's a big big
Trump supporter and we'll hear what he
has to say meanwhile meanwhile remember
yesterday was talking it was it
yesterday we were doing an ad for
tracker and I was like not how I lose
things all the time
what to Wicker my movement watch today
so I could show it off because people
keep complimenting this watch like this
bully stick and I put my tracker on it
yet so I couldn't find my movement watch
but these things really are beautiful
and you know I love watches I love what
I don't think I'm cheap but I don't like
to spend a lot of money on things where
I don't feel like I don't feel it's
responsible to spend money on certain
things you know so you don't go out and
spend I love watches so much I could
easily buy a watch worth $6,000 but
movement watches are so attractive and
they don't cost anything anything like
that I mean these watch a start at just
$95 and at a department store that would
be starting at 400 500 bucks movement by
the way for some reason you they took
all the letters out of it so it's not
spelled movement it's spelled MV M T M
as in Mary v as in victor m t m vm t is
how you spell movement and they figured
out by selling online they were able to
cut out the middleman or retail markup
provided the best possible price classic
design these kind of modern very simple
straightforward designs but very
startling you can you'll see them
they've sold over a million watches in
over a hundred and sixty countries and
and you can get 15% off today with free
shipping and free returns by going to
movement dot-com slash Andrew that is MV
M t.com slash Andrew but you have to put
all the letters in Andrew or else it
won't work this watch is a really clean
design and I'm telling when I can find
it people really like it now is the time
to step up your watch game go to
movement comm slash Andrew M the MT comm
/ Andrew and join the movement or join
the movement kisses in business okay
never mind you know it's so so as we're
speaking I should mention that the clay
Phyllis Weekend seems to already have
begun in Barcelona there's been a
terrorist attack there a guy driving a
truck and seems to have killed two
people which means I guess the press now
has to revert back to Aldi withholding
judgment on who did the crime and not
condemning all the people around him and
saying there's you know this fault on
both sides and saying there's some very
good people in the Islamist movement you
know now it's now the press becomes
Donald Trump and Donald Trump can go
back to being Donald Donald Trump you
know he go back to it without getting it
it occurs to me that the Democrats have
a really good gig going on they have a
really
business model they have these policies
that I mean one of one of the reasons I
became a conservative because I grew up
a Liberal Democrat you know I didn't
know any better and I just had to learn
you know the truth basically and one of
the reasons I became a conservative was
because I hated the way Democrats treat
black people treat minorities I think
that they try to infantilizing I think
they sell them on dependence they sell
them on helplessness I think that they
their sexual policies have caused this
incredible plague of illegitimate see
that is has been shown again and again
to cause generational poverty all these
things look at the Democrat cities look
at Baltimore look at st. Louis
you know Baltimore that in the middle of
the night they're tearing down
Confederate statues well people are
being shot left and right you know I
mean it's not the statues that are
shooting the black people it's the Kratt
policies that caused these horror
Chicago another one all these places
where Democrats are and then and then
when the black community in that city
and that Democrat City is so
dysfunctional that it has a lot of crime
and the crimes and so the ordinaryjoe
he's not thinking about cause and effect
he just sees oh all the criminals are
black a lot of a lot of the criminals I
see you're black and he says something
bigoted they say see all these
right-wingers are bigoted you need more
Democrat policies it's a great business
model it's a great business model and
they have gone on with this thing this
this press conference that Donald Trump
gave about Charlotte's ville their ham
it's the classic thing and I said this
yesterday and I will say it again just
so everybody's clear about it I think
Trump bobbled the ball he bobbled the
ball especially when he said there were
good people on both sides this this
rally was organized by the Nazi right it
was organized by the Nazi right and I've
been very hard on them and you guys keep
writing to me and saying but don't they
this and they're not really right-wing
and let some of them say this and it
makes sense look they're a bunch of
hateful creeps they're hateful creeps
and they are on our side they vote for
the people we vote for
they call themselves right we are we
don't have to give them any credence
whatsoever we don't have to accept a
single word they say and if ever your
heart responds to the hateful garbage
coming out of
just walk away walk away they are wrong
from beginning to end everything you
know they talk about Western culture
they talk about the white man building
Western cut they don't know anything
about Western culture Western culture
rests on two pillars Jesus and Socrates
a Jew and a gay guy all the people that
hate the pillars of what built our
society you know it's just it's just
nonsense they're just ignorant hateful
people and when and this was the mistake
Trump made just to get that out of the
way the mistake Trump made was saying
there are good people on both sides
nobody looks at a rally being held by
Nazis and say and says well I don't
agree with you know killing all the
blacks and Jews but I don't want that
statue to be taken down so maybe it's
not the way it works you help people see
that I think I you don't think so they
met but this is a classic thing with the
press that is now with width Trump has
gotten out of control is any word that a
Republican says that can be misconstrued
as racist
they will misconstrue it as races talk
every Republican with the supposed
racism and just go out of their way out
of their way to make you know all
Republicans and all GOP people look like
like the right is always racist in a do
is again and again and again and here's
the thing Donald Trump's said something
he shouldn't have said but at no time
did he defend white nationalism or
racism and the New York Times a former
newspaper that's what they keep saying I
mean you know all the business guys are
abandoning him you know Trump shut down
his business advisory councils because
the business guys are running for their
lives because this is this is how the
press controls the right this is how the
press turned the Republican Party and a
bunch of puling cowards they are by
tearing them with racism so they're so
afraid to open their mouth and Donald
Trump blunders through this stuff and
look I don't think Donald Trump is a
racist at all I really don't but but you
know he doesn't take care he doesn't pay
attention to this stuff and so all the
Republicans are running all the business
guys are running away and you know and
then they use this the press uses this
panic to say well everybody is saying
you're a bad guy everybody saying that
you know yeah because they're all
running for their lives and
they keep saying this thing that he
defended white nationalism it just is
not true and so today he put it out a
tweet saying they shouldn't tear down
these statues the Confederate statues
which by the way they're only with that
thing I said in the opening is true
they're only going after the Confederate
statues because they can get away with
it that's nice it's not about the
Confederacy it really is not you know
obviously the you know we're all opposed
to slavery that's why they're going but
they want the what he's right they want
the Washington statutes they want the
Jefferson statutes these are not these
people do not like this country as it
was founded they want to change the
founding rewrite the founding of this
country rewrite what we're about and and
that's why they're doing it
so Trump put out in Twitter they didn't
think they should tear down the statutes
is the New York Times a former newspaper
this is how they headlined under fire
for defending racist activist groups one
lie right didn't defend races activist
group he never did it he never did it he
was very clear that the people he was
talking about were these peaceful people
who wanted to defend the statue who I
don't think were there I don't believe
they were there so I think he made a
mistake there but he was not defending
racist policies under fire for defending
racist activist groups the New York
Times lies President Trump said on
Twitter on Thursday that he was sad to
see United States history torn apart by
the removal of our beautiful statues and
monuments echoing a popular refrain of
white supremacist groups that opposed
the removal of Confederate monuments so
if you oppose the removal of Confederate
monuments of our history and the things
that people put up in their time and you
know thought were good in their time if
you oppose that the complete rewriting
of history like we were in some Soviet
state you are making common cause in
other words if you're not a so a Soviet
communist you're a Nazi that's basically
where the New York Times say because
this is the New York Times this is the
New York Times that is selling this idea
remember we were talking about it
yesterday that sex was great in this in
the Soviet Union that they they have
that article sex was better for women in
the Soviet Union you know sure they
killed tens of million of people but the
orgasms were just fantastic you know so
this is the thing that they're selling
we're supposed to take that that's
seriously and it leaves you know it
leaves the good people in a quandary we
don't want to be you
we don't want to be tainted with the
idea of racism I do not I I think racism
is a sin against God I think it's a sin
against the image of God I don't want to
be tainted by it but you know I just
don't think that that is what Trump was
saying and we have to go to Jim Acosta
again because let's not forget for a
minute
that Jim Acosta is CNN's White House
correspondent this is the guy that they
think is giving fair and equal and
balanced coverage to the white house and
this is him reacting to Trump's speech
that's just that's just what he always
seems to be saying this is what he
actually said now I think we saw the
president's true colors today and I'm
not sure they were red white and blue
the White House put out some talking
points tonight this is what they say the
president was entirely correct both
sides of the violence and
Charlottesville acted inappropriately
and bear some responsibility there's
another one that says he has been a
voice for unity and calm this is Alison
and wonderland stuff how the White House
could put out talking points saying that
the president was in the right here is
just it's baffling it's strange and but
they are right in one respect he has
United the country against the views
that he espoused today which were right
there on the edge of white nationalism
I mean it's just not true it is just not
true and Jim Acosta is the CNN's White
House correspondent so CNN feels
emboldened by the corruption of the
media by the absolute widespread
corruption of the media they feel
emboldened to put a White House
correspondent who's telling you that
have you voted for Donald but Donald
Trump you are not red white and blue
because your guy is right on the edge of
white nationalism acosta did afterwards
put out at this statement
it is what the cost always seems to be
saying so we've got so we've got Nazi
scum we got calming scum and we've got
media scum I mean the media are like the
worst people because if they would
report this story honestly you know we
would be able to come to it two opinions
nuanced opinions but you can when they
are the worst hate group in the country
have a got Jesse let us bring on the
Reverend Jesse Lee Peterson a man as I
say I admire so much for his honesty and
his fearlessness he's an author media
personality the president and founder of
bond which is the Brotherhood
organization of a new destiny an
American religious nonprofit dedicated
to rebuilding the family by rebuilding
man there you are Jesse man you're a for
having me are you look great man thank
you it's mostly makeup that's it I heard
you thrown out of your gym I did I last
Friday I go to Equinox and I've been
going there for years and so less riding
I had to do a 10:00 a.m. interview with
my friend Bill Cunningham out of Ohio so
I get to the gym I put on my workout
clothes get myself all run to a quiet
room and I've been doing this for years
at the gym and so I'm on the phone
I can't move because if I do they call
would drop so this guy did point he came
in he said to me you got to get out of
here and I'm telling him to hold on just
for a minute I'm doing the interview
because I know you got to go now
if I hold on man just hold on so he went
and got the manager and the management
came in and he got right in my face and
you got to get out of here and get out
of here now you have to leave the
building you can't come back we're going
to cancel your membership I'm like
what's going on I'm doing the interview
just a minute and so I left that room
and my a my call dropped so I lost the
interview and the guy was all in my face
and just carried on it didn't make sense
to me I had no idea why that was
because employees have seen me in those
rooms before doing interviews and no
problem and so I get up to fall I'm like
all right and so I told a guy he was in
my face I said I get the F out of my
face I used a manly words and and then
he said you can't talk to an employee
like that I think yeah you're right I
apologize you know I put my hand out to
shake his hand to apologize he like no
I'm not you know you want to accept it
and so he told employee to go and call
the cops and when he got walked away the
manager said to me you're saying that
there is no racism and therefore toward
blacks and Hispanics you use your Trump
Trump supporter and I'm like wow that's
what this is about
Wow you know Trump supporter and so he
said you got to leave I'm cancelling
your membership I said oh I'll be here
forever I never had any problems there a
lot of folks because they see me on TV
or heard me on radio and prayer they
they know where I'm coming from but they
like me because I'm a good guy right and
but they got threw me out
anyway he told me I had to leave he
wouldn't hear anything just you got to
leave and he hated me so much because I
support President Trump that he
overreacted so now I'm looking at what I
need to do about this situation I'm
looking at my options right now yeah I
mean this is Equinox Jim I mean they are
a big la Jim I see them all over that
that's that is amazing to me they do not
want you working out if you support the
president that's it
that's right and this is our NASA public
Boulevard it's the largest one that they
have on some trouble of Boulevard
between 11 and P calls I don't all I
have been warned though I have to tell
you and room by some of the workers and
some of my friends who go to this gym
they were like you cannot let them know
you Topher Trump
you can't support Trump around here this
is a liberal gym and if they know it
they got to get you for it but you know
they talk about Hillary they always put
in chopped down and I refuse to cower
down to fear like that
I have a right to vote and support
whomever I want even if they don't agree
with as I don't agree with them I have a
right to do it I'm not going to cower
down
oh no I well I've never seen you do
anything that even resembled cowering
down okay
I don't excel I want to hear what
happens with this now you and I during
the primaries we had a great debate on
TV on your station that we talked about
this I had serious serious reservations
about Donald Trump I still have some but
you were all in on Trump you love that
guy from the minute you saw him yeah how
are you feeling now when you and I was
on my where all my TV show the fallen
state TV uh you know when president
Chopp announced that he was running and
he said I'm going to I'm going to put a
big beautiful wall around the borders
and Mexico started painful this big
beautiful wall I'm going to bring back
jobs I'm going to deport illegal aliens
I'm going to cut back on restrictions
and regulations I'm going to protect
this country from radical Islamic
terrorism I said that day this is our
next president
Wow this is what we need and when I woke
up on March I mean on November 9th 2016
I turned the TV on right away 4 o'clock
in the morning and they said Donald
Trump is our 45th president I went to
cloud 9 and I I have been dancing on the
theme in every sense ever still you
still feel as with I am more convinced
now that I was the very first day that
he announced that he was running this
man is what America needs the way he
handled that situation and Chavez build
North Virginia in Charlottesville
Virginia over the weekend were perfect
he said it was wrong on both sides that
violence is wrong nevermind who is doing
it it is still wrong and he mentioned
later that even though you might not
agree with the alt-right they had a
permit they had the right to have their
rally and for the antia and black lives
matter to come there
I'm in the armed with the intent to
attack newspeople
was absolutely wrong and so then
yesterday he had the most powerful press
conference that I've ever seen any
president have this would go down in
history as one of the greatest press
conferences ever because the man told
the true even being attacked by the
media he was able to tell the true in a
drew that's what we need we need onions
government we need government that put
the country first and president Trump is
doing that what do you think of the
argument that there is something unique
in America about the journey of black
people out of slavery to equality that
he is kind of missing that he just it
doesn't address that that deep well of
feeling that some there's some blacks
and whites have that that that there's
this terrible racism in this country
should he address that more are they
wrong about that either dressing it up
first of all black people are not on a
deep journey okay I kind of thought you
were going to say that yeah black people
not all but most wouldn't recognize a
deep journey is it slap em in the face
all right okay black Americans are not
suffering due to so-called racism but
the ones who are suffering at most are
is due to the destruction of the family
and the lack of moral character black
people are angry they are angry first at
their mothers who tried to turn who have
turned them away from their fathers and
the mothers are impatient imposing their
will on them being you know or to
mothering and it costs the kids to
become angry and when you become angry
whomever you become angry at you become
like them and so the anger that you see
in black men and women is the anger of
their mothers and their yearning for
their fathers the worst st. Andrew that
can happen to a child it doesn't matter
a race or color male or female
to turn them away from their fathers
because when you turn them away from
their fathers it leaves a deep down boy
like an emptiness like something is
always missing in your life and what is
missing is a return to the father's and
so blacks are yearning for the father's
and they are angry at their mothers and
instead of telling them to forgive their
parents because their parents can help
themselves they are told that is racism
or that it's a white man something else
that is not so blacks are being used in
their fallen state of anger to for a
political and personal gain by the fall
of liberals the black politicians and
the black preachers it's not about
racism and Roo racism have never existed
and it does not as this today is either
good or evil right versus wrong and will
you read my recent book the antidote
kill an American from the poison of hate
blame and bitch of who I prove that
racism does not exist it's a made-up
were in order to divide and conquer well
then what about what about the idea that
guys like Steve Bannon and the Breitbart
sites and all this they give quarter to
evil when they give when they allow
these Nazis and these white supremacists
to speak as if they were part of a
decent movement I mean these guys are
evil I'll tell you the Nazis and the
white supremacist they're so full that
hate they hate the Jews they hate the
black side everybody I mean they're just
there is something terribly wrong with
these people and and some people say
that Trump or at least ban and have have
given them some kind of credibility you
don't think so I don't know about that
because I do know that anyone anyone who
has anger in his or her heart is evil
and they cannot be trusted because anger
is the nature of the great deceiver
Lucifer or Satan whatever you want to
call them because love is of God and
love is not something that is emotional
it's not something that you can chase a
touch love is simply not hating so
anyone who has hate
their hearts are evil and they can't be
trusted and so you know you hear
everybody most people pointing out
what's going on what's happening on the
right side or with white people but you
don't hear what's happening with black
people point is up and I played I'm on
Newsmax TV I don't know if you're aware
that but I haven't yeah I have a daily
lively a lot a lot live show on news by
TV Monday through Friday
and today I show Louis Farrakhan when
Louis Farrakhan said I want 10,000 black
men to hunt down and kill those who are
killing us I didn't hear anybody say
anything about that Barack Obama did
repudiate him the liberal media didn't
repeat him the right side didn't
repudiate him but had a white man
senator it'll been all over the news
we've been everywhere and then you had
black lives matter saying what do we
want dead cops when we want it now he's
in the blanket from my bacon that's evil
and instead of repudiated Obama and
black lives matter Barack Obama invited
them to the White House the heads of the
organization more than once so how come
it's okay to point out evil on the right
side but not on the left and that's what
Barack that's what the president taught
one the point he was making why is it
that as always with the white phone but
never with the blacks who are doing the
same thing wait what what do you have to
say there are a lot of people on the
right who they start they used to call
themselves never Trump and then once
Trump got elected they said well okay
we're not never Trump but we really
still oppose this guy he's bad for the
party he's bad for conservatism because
he's such a he's such a blundering got
you know he's such a bull in a china
shop do you think that they're being
played in some ways the right-wingers
who still oppose from yes sir they are
being played they are thought they're
weak they're cowards they don't okay
don't don't beat around the bush does
the idea whether Trump is the man who is
finally telling the truth we have a man
in office who for the first time in my
a time at least a voting is keeping his
words he promised to do those things and
in spite of the opposition that is
coming out to him he still he's bringing
jobs back people are now working and
making more money they are he's the
radical Islamic terrorism on the run
he's cut back on restriction and
regulation we have a conservative judge
under passing down in the US Supreme
Court he is he's doing what he said
you're going to do but what it is
America is accustomed to a weak father
you know I remember a long time ago with
my stepfather my mother married my
stepfather before I was born because was
an embarrassment to have children out of
wedlock and so my stepfather was a
decent man but one time my sister and I
had a fight we were little kids but we
had a fight my older sister which was
his daughter and she hit me and I hit
her back and instead of my stepfather
punishing both of us he only punished me
and that's a kid I knew that was wrong
and so and so I went and told my mother
and she took his side because she was
too weak to stand up and tell the truth
and that's what we have today America is
not accustomed to seeing a straw white
conservative Christian man with power
stand up and deal with evil in the way
that they are dealing with it because
America is so weak now they can't have
it a true and that's what's happening
with President Trump right now Jesse Lee
Peterson I always love talking to you
you're a breath of fresh air every time
it's always great to see you I hope
you'll come back we'll talk about it
more again any time if I may I give up
my website yes please do I'm sorry go
you go ahead tell people where to find
you I want them to go to rebuilding the
mancom rebuilding mancom and for those
who don't use the website we have older
people who don't use it they can call us
at 800-462-3782 or
Gerber's evil absolutely.i thanks a lot
Jesse I'll see you soon
thank you yes sir all right so that guy
just he will say what he's gonna say and
your people have pointed guns in his
face and he does it anyway I heard they
threw him out of his gym you know people
don't like to talk about life insurance
because for the obvious reason that when
you talk about life insurance you got to
talk about the fact that you might not
be here now in my case that's not a
problem because I am of course immortal
but some of you who knows exactly
exactly it's the leftist gears you get
from subscribing to the site you know
policy genius.com is the place to go to
get like insurance they cost a lot less
than you think it does because a lot of
people just think it's something like
it's like thirty five million families
in America don't have life insurance
which means if the main earner something
should happen to the main earner people
are really stuck you know this suddenly
cut off without funds they don't get the
payout from the insurance and people
think that life insurance costs a lot
more than it does but if you go to
policy genius.com you can learn about
life insurance you compare quotes from
America's top providers you can save up
to 40% on your policy which sounds I
mean that is just a lot of money to say
policy genius has placed over five
billion dollars in life insurance is a
simple user-friendly well user-friendly
website that helps you work out exactly
which policy is right for you and find
you the best price it takes about five
minutes to apply for a quote most
Americans think this is going to cost a
lot more that does you can save up to
40% just a lot of stuff and also they
don't like push a policy down your
throat just let you compare the prices
if you've been putting off life
insurance or want to make sure the
insurance you have is right for you
check out policy genius.com
today and you can save up to 40% just by
comparing policies the quotes are free
there's no sales pressure zero hassle
policy genius.com
its life insurance for the 21st century
you know I want to play just a couple of
quotes that came out about the reactions
to the Trump pressure because you know
the power that the press has is to
create this atmosphere of hysteria where
the GOP runs for his life and all the
people you know are scared and all this
stuff and it creates this emotional you
know this emotional atmosphere
especially in the Beltway obviously it
doesn't in Washington in LA people being
thrown out of their gyms and things like
that but it's especially in the Beltway
and that's where it really has an effect
because people are afraid to come out
and say what they mean and they're
afraid to talk because they know they're
going to be completely pilloried as
Trump is being pilloried
now so here are a couple of react here's
the thing about Donald Trump I don't
believe Donald from visual racist at all
you know what I believe they asked Trump
about races they asked Trump about half
things gotten better they never asked
this to Barack Obama because things got
much worse the racial divide got much
worse but know is that Obama's fault
absolutely not but if it's getting bad
now it's all Trump's fault so Trump had
this response which was really
interesting really fascinating if you
listened to there's no cut number five
they've been frayed for a long time and
you can ask President Obama about that
because he'd make speeches about it but
I believe that the fact that I brought
in it will be soon millions of jobs you
see where companies are moving back into
our country I think that's going to have
a tremendous positive impact on race
relations we have companies coming back
into our country we have two car
companies that just announced we have
Foxconn in Wisconsin just announced we
have many companies I say pouring back
into the country I think that's going to
have a huge positive impact on race
relations you know why it's jobs what
people want now they want jobs they want
great jobs with good pay and when they
have that you watch how race relations
will be and I'll tell you we're spending
a lot of money on the inner cities we're
going to fix we're fixing the inner
cities we're doing far more than
anybody's done with respect to the inner
cities it's a priority for me and it's
very important
that that's a classic Donald Trump
response I've said this again and again
Trump's daydream for himself is that you
will love him because he fixes stuff
that's what he that's how he sees
himself and he doesn't see you know it's
funny some of trumps strengths are also
his weaknesses remember when the Marines
hat blew off and Trump chased it down
and I said that's actually a kind of a
nice thing about Donald Trump is he
doesn't really picture himself as being
like oh the president above anybody else
if the Marines hat blows off though
going fetch the Marines fat but at the
same time the bad side of that is he
doesn't see himself as a moral leader he
doesn't understand that sometimes these
things need to be addressed in a
spiritual way he thinks oh well
everybody will have a good job and then
they'll stop you know worrying about the
racism thing and there's a lot of truth
to that but at the same time there are
these moments when something like
charlottesville happens that you need to
address in a moral way you know how you
know one way you know that he's not a
racist here is one of the Nazis who was
doctrine charlottesville talking about
him and saying I'm a violent guy I'm a
racist guy and I had one problem with
Donald Trump Eirias I'm carrying a
pistol I go to the gym all the time I'm
trying to make myself more capable of
violence I'm here to spread ideas talk
in the hopes that somebody more capable
will come along and do that somebody
like Donald Trump who does not give his
daughter to a Jew so Donald Trump Italy
Maurice a lot more racist than Donald
Trump
he's just guys not race give his
daughter to a Jew and by the way that's
the face of these guys you know they're
not making subtle points racist like so
so he doesn't like Trump cuz he's racing
all right but yesterday Gianna Caldwell
who is a Republican a black Republican
guy went on Fox & Friends to talk about
the statue issue and should they stare
down this statue in that statue and it
was this very emotional moment I want to
play it because the guy is he's one of
us he's a Republican conservative guy
and this is the way he felt after that
press conference they're good they're
good people on both sides of this debate
we talk about keeping these statues up
people that I've talked to say this is
about history how do we move forward how
do we learn from those mistakes if we
just pair everything down
you know I I come today with a very
heavy heart last night I couldn't sleep
at all because President Trump our
president has literally betrayed the
conscience of our country the very moral
fabric in which we've made progress when
it comes to race relations in America he
failed us and it's very unfortunate that
our president would say things like he
did in that press conference yesterday
when he says well there's you know good
people on the side of the Nazis they
want all Nazis they want all white
supremacist with mr. president people
good people don't powell around with
nazis and white supremacist maybe they
don't consider themselves white
supremacist and Nazis but certainly they
hold those views this has become very
troubling and for anyone to come on any
network and defend what President Trump
did and said at their press conference
yesterday it's completely lost and the
potential to be morally bankrupt and and
he starts crying but we got to care
about that guy you know I mean we really
do he's like I said he's one of us and
if he feels that way now maybe you know
you can you can parse what Trump said
and did he being this and did he say
that but you know part of being the
president is leading and part of leading
is appearing and seeming to be what
people need you to be in these moments
of division and I mean nobody wants to
see these Nazis go down to
Charlottesville and not be rebuked and
they've got to be rebuked when they
better be rebuked again and and it's oh
and it's great to talk about the
violence of anti Fox the the press has
been wicked they have been evil as I say
there's the commie scum and this is the
Nazi scum and then there's a media scum
and the media has been evil in covering
up the violence of this Chuck Todd I
think it was Heather a some MP fog I on
just let him just completely romanticize
and cover up the violence of this
movement but here are some people and
props to CBS News because they had these
people on I'm sure they didn't get the
answers they were expecting CBS News
have these people on here are the people
who say what I think is true about
Donald Trump that they're not looking to
him for moral guidance they're looking
to him to fix stuff and that is what
Trump is selling this is cut
pretend a really fascinating interview
with Trump supporters how do you explain
what your support is for a president
given the criticism he's had on this
race issue I think for myself period
nobody's going to tell me what to think
or how to think I'm not gullible and I'm
not blind if my decision if I'm going to
support someone and I not go by what
other people have to say and to me what
I've seen and what I love I'm not he's
not going to lose my support anytime
soon I've been a Republican before
Donald Trump I will be a Republican
afterwards I honestly don't think we
will see this issue a racial divide
address until we remove identity
politics out of the political process
that's I love this country
I love these videos like this to see so
clearly and they just they just are
basically dealing with Trump as Trump
they're not looking to him for moral
guidance they're looking to him to fixed
up we'll see if he can some of the stuff
he's done so far has been really good
some of the stuff in the ways dealt with
the legislature not as good but but I
really do I think as I've said all week
I think he bobbled the ball I think we
on the right have to have a care about
these people these guys like I said are
trying to be in our house they're trying
to steal our name they're trying to
steal our designation and the press is
helping them because the press is wicked
and corrupt you know but we have to also
stand up we have to do the right thing
but just the thing that Jesse Lee says I
don't always agree with jesse leads to
the right of me socially but but i think
that the thing that he says where these
are spiritual issues you know when i
when i was baptized i didn't believe it
was now 13 years ago long time when i
was back but i didn't believe in the
devil
you know the resurrection was just about
as much supernatural stuff as I could
handle I'm a very basic down-to-earth
person but over time I started to say
and I've even put this in one of my
books I think it's in werewolf Cop where
the guy says there may not be a devil
but the world is exactly as if there
were I think that that's what started to
convince me that in fact there is a
conscious force that fights against the
good and fights against the evil no and
the way you kind of know that is because
evil doesn't care about our philosophy
it doesn't care how it'll dress up like
us they dress up and look like us you
know and you say well that kind of liked
me and he says some of the things that I
like and maybe I can follow him down
this
you know rabbit hole into hell you know
and like the devil don't care that he
don't do not care you know it's like
it's just that thing he's always above
our philosophies in the same way goddess
you know the devil is like the mirror
image of the good that he's above our
philosophies we think we cling to things
that are good but you can believe in
Jesus and do evil you can believe in
liberty and do evil you can believe in
equality and do evil it doesn't care and
we have to pick out the guys and it
doesn't matter you can say oh these
Nazis are not on the right but they say
they're on the right so we have to make
it very clear that we're not with them
and even if they appeal to something in
your heart turn it off and walk away
because they are the bad bad news stuff
I like all right we have now brought
stuff I like to the end of the you know
the end of the week because I want us
just hone in on stuff I really really
like first I have to say something I
liked last night a bunch of the guys and
girls from The Daily wire went to Walt
Disney Concert Hall here in LA which is
to me this ventas people love it it's
got very hyper modern building it is I
find it fantastically ugly but it has
the best best acoustics I've ever heard
it's like being in your car you know
when you're in your car and you turn the
stereo up that's what it's like the
Santa Monica Philharmonic was there and
dennis prager
who conducts as a sort of passion a
hobby he conducts workers as a hobby he
was conducting a symphony by Hyden and
it was just great it was really
wonderful
Dennis was I saw Dennis the night before
at the Dodgers game and he was nervous
you know he was actually nervous and
Dennis is not a guy who guys gets
rattled easily but he was nervous and
you could just see the joy on his face
as he got to the end of the symphony
realized he had done it and it was going
to work and the music was wonderful
because a lot of the people were there
for Dennis and they were they weren't
people who usually go to symphonies they
played famous pieces which you don't get
to hear very much in symphonies because
the the aficionados don't want to hear
the same pieces again and again so it's
very rare that you get to go and hear
Beethoven's fifth you know Obama you
know you don't get to hear that that
often take sure it played it's such a
beautiful piece that the normal guy of
them sorry I don't know is I don't
remember his name the guy from the
doctor of the santa marta santacruz
beautiful and it just takes you you know
it takes you so far above politics and
out of politics and into yourself and
into the life of the mind it is really a
wonderful thing which is why I so
recommend that people take time to go
back to the great culture and I want to
end with with stuff I like one of the
one of maybe is he the greatest American
poet he's certainly among the handful if
you had to name you could not name five
great American poets is Walt Whitman and
what women he's kind of our national
poet and he was part of he was on the
cusp of a movement called
transcendentalism which I'm always been
very fascinated why because it was kind
of the American version of British
romanticism more religious more
independent more based on the individual
it was a lot of like breaking away from
the past and tradition that a person
could find within himself he could find
within himself the right path and the
right guide a very American self-reliant
that you know it based very big on the
idea of self-reliance which i think was
an emerson phrase but Walt Whitman wrote
this book Leaves of Grass which at the
time was viciously attacked as being
pornographic and there's a lot of talk
about Whitman's sexuality most people
think he was gay he claimed he wasn't he
claimed that he had fathered six
illegitimate children but most people
feel that he was probably a gay guy but
I don't know but the book itself it's
not poetry like you've ever heard before
it's kind of the first modern poetry but
it's just it's got a different voice
it's something you haven't heard my
picks one very short piece because it
kind of spoke to me in the in the in the
moment in the moment when I sort of felt
this week as we kind of wait on me you
know I really dislike these Nazi guys
and I just like the press line about
them and I dislike them ginning up the
hatred between people and these guys
pulling down the statutes are the worst
people in our country the anti file
people and the Nazis and the press they
are the worst people in this country
they represent this very very small
number of people when you saw those
people both the guy
was upset at Trump and the three ladies
who are supporting Trump you know you
see those people new realize you know
Americans are most effective decent
people I've traveled everywhere in this
country and they really are wonderful
people these little groups of dirtbags
to use the technical term I don't I
don't like new scientific terms or these
dirtbags to set us against each other
it's just really I was weighing on me
and Walt Whitman write this poem called
o me o life and o me I thought of course
an old-fashioned way of saying oh you
know I'm sad basically I'm sad o me o
life life is weighing on him too heavily
and he writes o me o life of the
questions of these recurring these
questions deep questions we have to keep
coming back to us of the endless trains
of the faithless of cities filled with
the foolish of myself forever
reproaching myself for who is more
foolish than I and who is more faithless
of eyes that vainly crave the light of
the object mean of the struggle ever
renewed of the poor results of all of
the plotting and sordid crowds I see
around me of the empty and useless years
of the rest with the rest me intertwined
the question o me o sad recurring the
question is what good amid these o me o
life and then he answers the question he
just has the word answered the question
is the answer to what good is all this
is that you are here that life exists
and identity that the powerful play goes
on and you may contribute a verse and
you may and you may and we all make if
we follow what's right and what's good
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Clavin 'less weekend
begins survivors will gather here on
Monday and will go out to the brilliant
always brilliant music of Louis
Armstrong and Bing Crosby
along with me Khaleesi down the
Mississippi related yes we'll take a
boat to the land of Brie mama Cottagers
aim down at River down to do Olie yeah
yeah and all our old friends are gonna
agree this one this old friend to me
yeah that's where the sound and the
flowers grab that big hole with heaven
on earth
they call it Basin Street
they all wear the evening
