New York Times a former newspaper has
published an article headlined why women
had better sex under socialism and no I
swear I'm not making this up apparently
someone at the Times thought some of us
were still taking them seriously and
they wanted to put an end to that as
soon as possible the article is
illustrated with one of those soviet-era
propaganda photos of an Apple cheeks
female comrade cheerfully working on the
collective farm these happy snatched
snapshots were usually taken just before
the apple-cheeked female comrade went
back to watching her children starve to
death in one of the soviet union's
government engineered famines that
slaughtered millions during the 1930s
while the New York Times continually
reported it wasn't happening at all
anyway the article why women had better
sex under socialism is written by
kristen Godsey who is a professor of
gender and Women's Studies at Bowdoin
College instead of doing something
useful with her life she writes books
about how great the Soviet Union was for
women which was in fact true if you're
one of those women who enjoyed watching
her husband being carted away to the
gulag for no reason which I'm sure for
some wives was actually a good time
so in our article useless gender
professor Godsey quotes a deeply suspect
study in which women who lived in the
Soviet slave states claimed to have more
sex and better orgasms professor Godsey
says the evidence shows quote women had
more fulfilling lives during the
Communist era unquote professor Godsey
supports this assertion by interviewing
one or two women who remember the arrow
fondly and by ignoring the government
genocide blood-soaked purges life
crushing breadlines soul destroying
oppression domestic spying epidemic
alcoholism and widespread wife-beating
that characterized socialist life in
russia now you may ask why would a woman
write or publish such nonsense
and the answer is I don't know maybe
professor Godsey has some strange Fifty
Shades of Grey type fantasy about how
hot it would be to have sex while being
enslaved by a Soviet state and if so I
say who are we to judge her girlish
dreams after all if the times weren't
publishing fantasies about how great
socialism is the papers pages would be
blank which might be an improvement
since the ink wouldn't run when you
wrapped fish in them
in any case I hope professor godsey's
fantasies or one day fulfilled and she
gets to experience such communism
herself so she can have no freedom no
comfort no safety and precious little
food while crying yes yes yes oh yes in
the many orgasms she will doubtless have
before she disappears without a trace to
eat your own trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show it smell bad day well and you
thought the news was bad right until
this moment you were saying our boy the
news is I know but it's mailbag day we
will answer all your questions answers
are guaranteed 100% correct and will
change your life
on occasion for the better but if you
want to get questions in let's talk
about this you have to subscribe to the
daily wire.com it is a lousy 10 bucks a
month you can ask anything better you
send in questions I don't even know how
how do you turn this button on the part
on the podcast page you can press the
button and send in your questions about
politics about religion about your
personal life anything I will answer
them and as I say it will change your
life and what's that I and live question
sue you can do that right as we're
speaking send them in live and we will
try and get them in the mailbag segment
and if you subscribe for a year it's
only 100 bucks for the year and you get
the leftist tears tumblr which is very
very important so you can drink your
leftist tears I hope you have left
without your leftist tears also also you
do not want to be standing on line read
while you're drinking your leftist
here's you want to drink your leftist
tears at home and that's why you want
stamps calm because you don't want to
say oh my gosh I'm drinking my here I am
drinking my leftist tears and suddenly I
have to run out to the post office maybe
they'll be closed I have to wait on line
I have to find out you know weigh my
stuff and all the stuff you can do all
that right straight out of your computer
with stamps , brings
all the services of the US Postal
Service right to your fingertips you can
buy and print official US postage for
any letter or package any class of mail
using your own computer and Printers
very cool you put the envelope in the
printer comes out with a stamp on it
very very fun stamps calm makes it easy
they'll send you a digital scale it
automatically calculates exact postage
and stamps combo even help you decide
the best class of mail based on your
needs so there's no need to lease an
expensive postage meter right now you
can enjoy the stamps comm service with a
special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale
without long term commitments the way
you get it go to stamps com click on the
microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in clayvin you know one day I'm
going to let blank you know it's going
to be the stamps icon dad claimant que
la vie a n stamps comm enter Clavin
stamps comm never go to the post office
again I always people whose complain
about the post office but I love alright
crazy press conference right really
insane press conference and a pleasure
you know here's the thing about this you
know everybody's picking the the press
conference apart and people on the right
I saw note the the great John Nolte on
our site bragging he thought it was
great he said everything that need to be
said obviously Shapiro has a much
harsher take I have a different take
than everybody else that I've noticed
about two things why why he's doing this
stuff and and how I feel about it now
I've said all week I keep saying all
weekend I'm getting all this mail and
tweets about sending me pictures of the
left the anti far left and how awful
they are and I know how awful they are
I've been railing against them I've done
videos about them I've done the whole
shows about how awful they are and I
will talk more about that and as I keep
saying though these Nazis are in our
house they are in the house of the right
which is that the right house to be in
they're in the house of the Constitution
we need to get them out
I have no quarter I give them no quarter
nothing I have nothing just because look
you know people just because two people
are fighting doesn't mean one side is
right right just because there are two
people in a fight it could be the guy
who's right just walking down this
somewhere else and that's what I think
is happening here is the thing about
this press conference and we will go
through it bit by bit but here's the
thing about this press conference a
really bugged me Donald Trump's enemies
are some of the worst people in this
country or let me put it to you this way
they may not be the worst people in the
country there's some of the people doing
the most damage to the country that is
the news media the news media is now a
leftist of state you know it's just it's
leftist garbage it's leftist lies and
one of the key reasons one of the key
reasons Donald Trump was elected was
because of his bullish attacks on the
news media I knew they they lie to us
for eight years
they bolstered up Obama they ran down a
bush they ran down Mitt Romney a
thoroughly decent guy even if you
disagreed with them totally decent guy
they've been saying the same thing about
every Republican they're now saying
about Trump and if Trump gives them
ammunition sometimes that doesn't change
the fact that they have lost all their
credibility
I want Donald Trump to stomp these
people I love watching it when he slaps
them around but just because he's
fighting the right people doesn't mean
he's doing it right and yesterday I
thought he blew an opportunity I think
this is a moment when you can say things
that the left and which by which I mean
the news media which is basically now
the center of the left you can say
things that will drive them crazy so
crazy that they will drive themselves
off a cliff and destroy themselves
but you got to get it right you got to
get it right some of the things he did
yesterday I loved some of the things
Trump did yes I loved some of it I just
thought he was just not he just wasn't
hitting the right notes and he was
giving some kind of shelter to these
right-wingers I and I'll talk about why
I think he does that in a minute but
let's let's first talk about the thing
that is driving the press insane it is
the idea that there is Fault on both
sides and there's just no question that
there is Fault on both sides so let's
let's take a cut from this presser the
presser was he comes down to announce
what was really a good infrastructure
idea is going to speed up the the permit
process with infrastructure which can
take up to 20 years he wants to speed it
up to two years and then I
he wants to build a freeway through CNN
I think that's strange
that's right maybe that's the bullet
train just right through CNN but you
know obviously the press unleashed on
him and he can't walk away from a fight
and so he went off in and so he starts
talking about this fault on both sides
let's look at the cut five when you say
the alt-right define all right to me you
define it aim to find them as the same
what about Georgiana excuse me what
about the alt left that came charging at
the as you say the alt right do they
have any semblance of guilt let me ask
you this what about the fact that came
charging that they came charging with
clubs in the hand swinging clubs do they
have any problem I think they do you
know as far as I'm concerned that was a
horrible horrible day wait a minute I'm
not finished
I'm not finished fakeness that was a
horrible day i watch this very closely
much more closely than you people
watched it and you have you had a group
on one side that was bad and you had a
group on the other side that was also
very violent and nobody wants to say
that but I'll say it right now you had a
group you had a group on the other side
that came charging in without a permit
and they were very very violent okay now
first of all this is true these anti-fog
people the black lives matter people you
know the honest way the press has
handled this and one of the things I
love about our press is you can always
count on them to shoot themselves on the
foot you know I mean they could have
they could have quietly taken him down
but instead Mitt Romney one of the
stupidest tweets ever says it's not the
same one side is racist bigoted Nazis
and the other opposes racism and bigotry
morally different universes totally
untrue it is totally untrue they black
lives matter as a racist group these
anti thought people are fascists they
don't oppose anything they don't believe
in free speech they
hit people for having speaks so the
press picks up this thing that's just to
compare these anti file people to the
military who went and fought the Nazis
but what they're really compared to is
the Communists who fought with Nazis in
the streets of ymr Germany when both
sides were truly evil so he's right now
look the thing is murder was committed
at this event right a murder was
convinced by the right and the right of
the people who support Donald Trump so
he should always go out of his way to
give them an extra slap in the head but
the press just the way the press reacts
to this it just was first here's Jim
Acosta here was Jim Acosta reporting on
it
cost it Asuma Crosse's age that's not
there this is the way a cost to reports
this thing this press conference the
real Jim Acosta and the questions
started coming in the real Donald Trump
came out and and this is somebody who I
think wolf that we're going to look back
10 years from now and observed this
moment that we saw unfold here today at
Trump Tower as really kind of a turning
point in this presidency it is very
difficult to imagine many Republicans in
Washington rallying to the president's
side after he almost gave the neo-nazis
and the white supremacist a pass for
what unfolded in Charlottesville over
the weekend it I think it's one of those
moments wolf and as it stinks in the
worse it gets it was that kind of a
disaster that we saw here at Trump
Towers they woke up
well that was objective that was an
objective kcon there's a turning point
it's the beginning of the end of the
Trump presidency
let me read you a couple of things this
is from July 13th on 2015 from the New
York Times Nate Cohn this is the
beginning of the end of the Donald Trump
surge here is Bill Kristol from the
Weekly Standard Trump attacks McCain
apologize for this pronto otherwise it's
the beginning of the end here cecilia
Vega ABC News some now predicting Martha
this could be the beginning of the end
of Trump's candidacy Ruth Marcus the
Washington Post in July on July 19th him
I don't think this is the end but I
think and this may be a little bit
wishful thinking it might be the
beginning of the end
Julianna Goldman CBS Republican
strategist tell us they think this is
the beginning of the end for Trump's
candidacy Kevin so you know it could be
that this is not the beginning Trump's
candidacy and and I will tell you why I
mean the thing is he he's right about
this even you know people say well this
was not the time to say it and I have
some sympathy with this I wish I wish
you have said it better I wish you said
it better but but listen to the New York
time's react to this the New York Times
says what about the alt left here's
here's the answer an tyfa or
anti-fascist activists certainly use
clubs and dyed liquids against the white
supremacist according to our own
reporter the new york times reporter
Cheryl gays Stolberg and Halle Spencer
who covered the violence other counter
protesters included non-violent clergy
members but there's one stark difference
between the violence on the two sides
the police said the James Alex Fields
jr. of Ohio drove his car into a crowd
and killed at least one person
Heather hire mr. fields was charged with
second degree murder and then they go on
to use a quote to say what they want to
say
comparing anti fada mr. fields act is
like comparing a propeller plane to a
c-130 transport said the director of the
Center for study of hate and extremism
at California State University
they say overall says the New York Times
far-right extremists plots have been far
more deadly than far left class this is
their excuse this is their excuse and
Islamist plots it eclipses both in the
past 25 years according to a breakdown
of to terrorism databases by Alex no
hasta at the Cato Institute I know Alex
really smart guy really honest direct
guy so I went to his study now here's
the thing about these stupid studies
about how deadly these people are
because it's like comparing it's like
comparing women's suicide and many
suicide women commit suicide more often
but men succeed more because they use
guns
so you're just talking about efficiency
you're not talking about intent
you know let's pause here for just a
moment to talk about something else
let's take a brief break to talk about
teeth teeth are important and I'll say
why it's not just for eating every time
you smile all right you're making an
impression on people and it's really
important I used to have this problem
with my teeth cuz I drink coffee and
that my teeth would really stain
especially as I got older they stain
really fast went to the dentist asked
her what to do she said get yourself an
electric toothbrush I did it solved the
problem right the first of all you brush
more often you brush better they
actually work they get you to brush
better you run it you can run into your
bathroom after there's a cup of coffee
and run one over your teeth
we fast and get the coffee off there the
problem witness is so huge that he can't
take him when you travel so quit has
invented a really sleek easy to carry
toothbrush it looks like a toothbrush
what would a toothbrush would look like
an electric toothbrush would look like
if it were designed by Apple you know
it's like Steve Jobs toothbrush that's
what it looks like it's an electric
toothbrush in packs premium vibration
and timer features into an ultra slim
design that's half the cost of bulkier
brush brushes you can even subscribe and
receive a new brush head on dentist
recommended three month plans for just
five bucks including free shipping
that's important to grip is backed by
leading dentists as was a thin was named
as one of Time Magazine's best
inventions of 2016 really sleek really
work well and right now you can get
quick calm you go to quick calm slash
clayvin stop stop I can't stand it
anymore
k lav am quipped calm slash Clavin to
get your first refill pack free with a
quip electric toothbrush that's your
first refill pack free at get quip I'm
sorry I gave the wrong things get clip
dot-com slash Clavin get quip dot-com
slash Clavin GE t qu IP dot-com slash
Clavin I misread back once again just so
you get it right it's get clip get quip
comm slash Clavin the thing about this
is Islamists have killed have killed 97
percent of the people who have been
killed by terrorists since I don't know
what it is
since 1992 I think it is but of course
most of those people were killed on 9/11
right-wing terrorists have killed more
many more people than left-wing
terrorists but most of those people were
killed at the Oklahoma City bombing if
you look at the last year if they just
look at the last year 2016 then left
wing tears have killed almost twice as
many as right-wing terrorists all right
so these are bad people Trump is right
they're just all bad people there's no
making excuses for these guys there's no
comparing them to the soldiers who
fought against the Nazis these are all
Jung
junkie people you know and so what Trump
is right about this
but it's when he starts to kind of relax
sentimental about the people who are out
you know protesting he says play number
seven from this press conference but you
also had people that were very fine
people on both sides
you had people in that group excuse me
excuse me
I saw the same pictures as you did you
had people in that group that were there
to protest the taking down of to them a
very very important statue and the
renaming of a park from robert e lee to
another name and not so much not so many
fine people and they all the nazi ranks
and and the people protesting against
the nazis there were fine people there
were people who weren't on the alt left
they were clergymen look everybody
should hate these guys
oh there's no it's no excuse for this
stuff decide you know though and the
racism the stuff about whiteness and
that's what we're going to talk about
next this why this is a special bad
point and why it sucks people in let me
let me pause before because we're gonna
have to go to the break and say goodbye
to facebook and youtube but first before
we do let us talk about one of my
favorite things of all time which is why
i love no i do i love one i love one and
i have a tendency i'll go out now just
buy the same bottle of wine every all
the time so this is why i've been using
wink wi n see why they spell it wink
with exceed I guess it is what it is
wine incorporated right these guys these
guys they make their own wine they make
with the same great you know grapes you
get from from other places its WI and
see and it is it's a subscription thing
where you they'll send you like four
bottles of wine and they'll kind of pick
out what you would like and they'll
teach you they'll send you a booklet
that teaches you what kind of food to
serve with it the wine is really good
last time I did this commercial I had
not tried the wine it is excellent and I
do know why I'm not one I'm not one of
those boring you know
why no files or however you pronounce it
but I do love them it's you go to try
wink calm t ry winc dot-com and you take
a little quiz for what kind of stuff you
like they call it a pallet profile quiz
and wink will then start to recommend
distinct and interesting wines
customized to your palate shipped
directly to your door every month and I
did this and they have now gotten two
shipments and they've just been
excellent excellent
and because wink basis the wines they
send to you on your taste preferences
they'll even introduce you to new rare
and custom-made wines that are not
available anywhere else and they'll tell
you the story behind each one and like I
said they'll give you recipes to serve
with them so you'll learn a little bit
about how to use wine with your meals
right now wink is offering listeners $20
off your first order when you go to try
wink calm slash Andrew never mind you're
supposed to know how to spell Andrew
they'll even cover the cost of shipping
that's tri wink spelled T ry winc calm
slash Andrew you get 20 bucks off your
first order right now plus complimentary
shipping tri wink calm slash Andrew I
really like their wine it really has
been good and I really like the little
instructions on how to on what's a
server with all right we got a break we
got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube that means you cannot watch the
rest of the show but you can come over
to the daily wire calm and listen to it
and if you just subscribe froz ten bucks
a month you can watch the whole thing on
on our site on the daily wire site and
be in the mailbag and ask your questions
so underneath all this there is a big
issue which is an issue about about race
and Charles Krauthammer as he so often
does kind of hit on this but he had he
had a slightly different take on it than
what I would have said but let's let's
play like why Krauthammer felt this
press conference was a disgrace
the reason it's a moral disgrace is this
this generation for the last 50 60 years
all the modern presidents you know you
can go all the way back you say Woodrow
Wilson was exempt but beyond that
understood there was something unique
about the history of slavery and racism
in this country that we had to cure this
original sin it was not cured by the
Civil War as Lincoln had hoped because
it was followed by a hundred years of
state-sponsored oppression it began to
be cured with civil rights equality of
rights and this generation last fifty or
so years has done a splendid job in
redeeming itself what Trump is missing
here is the uniqueness of white
supremacy KKK and not risen yes there
were bad guys on both sides that's not
the point
this was instigated instituted the ride
began over a Nazi riot a Nazi rally and
the only killing here occurred by one of
the pro-nazi Pro KKK people see this I
see this is the thing and I know I bet I
know what you're thinking right who is
that you know yes yes yes but but but
okay I think that this is what Trump is
addressing and I think it's what he's
playing off in people is we're tired of
it you know I think we are tired of the
race thing being thrown on in our faces
especially after eight years of Barack
Obama because you know to be fair and
this is not what about ISM I'm making a
point about race but but Obama did this
both sides thing to remember five police
officers were killed by
black lives matter crazies in Dallas and
he went to the memorial of these guys
and this was part of his speech at the
memorial of five dead police officers
killed I thought because he had ginned
up a lot of this feeling remember things
got much worse racial relations got much
worse or under Obama and this is part of
the speech he made at the memorial
when study after study shows that whites
and people of color experienced the
criminal justice system differently so
if you're black you're more likely to be
pulled over or searched or arrested more
likely to get longer sentences more
likely to get the death penalty for the
same crime when mothers and fathers
raised their kids right and had the talk
about how to respond to stop by a police
officer yes sir no sir but still fear
that something terrible may happen when
their child walks out the door still
fear that kids being stupid not quite
doing things right might end tragedy
when all this takes place more than 50
years after the passage of the Civil
Rights Act we cannot simply turn away
and dismiss those in peaceful protest if
troublemakers or paranoid see now
yesterday people took pictures kind of
comical pictures of John Kelly chief of
staff listening to this Trump presser
with his head hung down but if you look
behind Obama there are cops glaring at
him and refusing to join in the applause
for what he said and I don't blame them
was that the time was that the time to
bring up these studies which don't say
never have said what Obama said they
said the the study after study actually
shows the cops don't use deadly force
more often against blacks than they do
against whites they use it more often
against whites and against blacks it was
at the time of course it wasn't of
course it wasn't and and so they he was
never called
he was never called out for that kind of
both sides ISM let's call it that both
sizes 'm and of course trump the minute
a opens his mouth he is called out for
it Krauthammer is right Krauthammer is
right it is a special thing in this
country just like it's a special thing
in germany you know they in germany they
outlaw this Nazi salute Zig heil it's
against the law to say it and as an
American you think like wow that's a
violation of free speech but you got to
understand their history their history
is blood-soaked from that you know and
they they're still traumatized over and
they haven't gotten past it so this is a
special part of American history it's a
special part of American history and
what Trump is catching on to is he's
catching on to the fact that Obama
played the race card for eight years and
people white people are sick of it they
are sick of being blamed for something
they didn't do they're sick of being
blamed of refighting the Civil War
they're sick of being told you know the
are we even talking about the
Confederacy it's like over 150 years ago
it's time to let it go they're sick of
it and Trump has caught on to that
here's the problem that and it has
always been a problem with Trump he's
fighting the right people and sometimes
he's even fighting the right battle he
could have said exactly what I just said
now and the press would have gone just
as insane but he wouldn't have been
saying they were good people on both
sides which just isn't true it's just
not true and it isn't true you know he
could have said what needed to be said
and he could have blown the press up and
he could have made his point if he had
been reaching out to all of us all the
good people on both sides and here you
know there are wonderful people on both
sides of the political divide in this
country and if you don't believe that
you're not paying attention there are
wonderful people on both sides of the
political divide and we all hate these
people we all hate these knots you know
that's that's why the press is so evil
you know that they compare these guys to
the GIS will fought Hitler instead of
comparing them to the people they should
be comparing them to the Communists who
fought in the streets against the Nazis
and we're just as bad where the
Communists won they slaughtered tens of
millions and where the Nazis won they
slaughter tens of millions they were the
bad guys it's the guys who don't sign on
to the isms but believe in freedom
believe in the individual those are the
guys who don't leave trails of dead
in their past trump could have said it
he could have said it and my score
against him is that he blew an
opportunity to nail the people that we
dislike who are hurting this country and
to speak up for all of us on the left -
he is the president of everybody to
speak up for everybody who just hates
all these people as they deserve the
only good people at those at those
rallies were the people who were praying
for peace you know the clergymen and the
people following the clergymen that it
sounded like the lady who was killed was
one of them she was not linked to
antiphon anyway you know those are the
people that he should have been speaking
to when he spoke instead of making it a
battle between him and the press which
is entertaining we love to see it it was
a moment when he needed to be the
president needed to reach out to
everybody I think he he stepped on a
mine the mine of his own anger and have
his own you know pugilism and he blew an
opportunity I I don't think it's the
beginning of the end of his presidency I
think the press is going to blow
themselves up the same the same way as
he and I think it's going to be a time
all right let's do the mailbag we should
before we have the clip of Lindsay
screaming there was always a little
pause and I would say mailbag and then
there just be this thing but now we've
we've actually done a good job good job
back yeah all right um some Zachary dear
king of the Heartless how did I get to
be king of the Heartless maybe maybe the
heartless leader of artist I am nineteen
about to leave for college in about
three weeks and have had much
contemplation on my future and what it
will hold one question I keep asking is
when is it appropriate to live on my own
financially I have no idea what age or
what time would be smartest I see way
too many college students grads still
living with their parents
sincerely Zach from chick-fil-a after
you graduate college you should not go
home after you graduate college you
should get a job and support yourself
and live in the manner you can afford
it's okay if your folks can send you a
little a couple extra bucks but you
should not go home after college I would
not have allowed my kids to come home
after college unless of course they were
ill or you know suffering in some way it
you know what's what's Robert was a
Robert Frost who sat at home
where when you have to go there they
have to take you in but you should not
be a taking advantage of that once
you're out of college I if your parents
can help you get through college that's
great
and I hope they do if they can and then
they're done you're on your own you're
an adult get out and don't you know make
it should be a matter of pride for you
not to not to go back you should be
doing your own work living on the cheap
living in the places you know because
you have to solve problems that will
teach you everything you need to know
you know when I hear people say well you
know I I don't want to leave this area
that's why I'm living at home leave the
area go to some places it's cheaper go
to some place where you can afford it
that'll teach you a lot you'll learn
you'll learn just how much money you
need to be a happy guy all right from
Jessica happy Wednesday - if I remember
correctly you've stated in an interview
with Dave Rubin that you believe that
weed is harmful to people I did say that
my question for you is what are the
negative effects of smoking weed and how
would you respond to someone who tells
you the smoking weed is not bad is the
the studies that I've seen that I
believe do show that marijuana cuts down
on your IQ it makes you stupider and the
reason I believe those studies is
because I've known a lot of pot heads
and they are stupider they're slower it
has a long-term effect on people that
obviously abusing alcohol also has a
modifier of abusing alcohol but I think
we disease you do abuse I mean the thing
about a drink is at the end of the day
you can sit down and have a drink and
you get a little relaxed I'll let you
know it makes the end of the day kind of
pleasant but when you smoke a joint
especially now when they're so packed
with THC they're so powerful you get
stoned it's different it's different to
get stoned than to have a relaxing drink
it's different to get have a relaxing
drinking to get drunk and I think that
people do it what would I say to people
who say I want to smoke weed none of my
business it's none of my business if
it's my friend if it's my kid if it's
somebody I care about I might bring
these things to their attention I might
tell them to lay off it I've always
found it kind of yeah I don't know what
I've always found it kind of effeminate
almost you know like I mean if you if
you sit and have a drink you are in
complete control of what you know what
kind of you know you're having a drink I
enjoy alcohol I really enjoy the taste I
like drinking it and all this stuff and
it does
smooth the end of the day out and all
this stuff but when you smoke dope it's
just injecting this kind of stoned um
mindset I haven't done it a lot so I
don't know a lot about it you know I
have done it but I haven't done it a lot
I hear so much more powerful now but
again it's none of my business who's
your own poison
do what you want to do I just don't
think it's a very good idea
there was one oh yeah oh great
Overlord Clavin can you give us a piece
of advice guaranteed to change your life
for the worse thank you oh great one
from Patrick I love that idea
yes yes I can I can give you a great
piece of advice that will absolutely
change your ideas to the work for your
life for the worst play into your envy
envy people who have things that you
don't have envy people who do things you
know that and achieve more than you
achieve and you will be miserable every
single day of your life you know the
thing about it is is whatever it is that
you are meant to do you are you know do
it at the highest possible level
whatever it is you are meant to do do it
at the highest possible level the fact
that somebody else is meant to do
something else or maybe more popular or
may get richer or all that has nothing
to do with what you developing yourself
to the highest possible to the highest
to your best ability the highest
possible ability you can live a
beautiful beautiful life focusing on
just getting you right if you get you
right you will live a beautiful life but
if you worry about the fact that getting
you right is not as much fun doesn't
look as like as much fun as what the guy
next to you is doing you will be
miserable so try that that'll work for
it did we get alive we get a lot of
question we do yeah give it to me all
right this is from Austin Stowell okay
he says what are you oh come on what
maybe he was in a hurry because it was
lying
that must be it okay so his question is
what are your thoughts on more people
sitting during the national anthem these
good people are using Charlottesville as
an excuse for that and that's disgusting
the three times we do whatever you want
but it's still wrong that's right that's
a well that's the you answered your own
question I mean one of the things that
really got me about colin kaepernick
Kapernick debt burnick do Engelbert
Humperdinck whatever the hell his name
is it really bothered me when you
leftists at ESPN and one of the reasons
ESPN is dying is good people got sick of
getting all their politics with with
their sports was they kept saying well
he has a right he has a right to do it
and of course he has a right that
doesn't make it right and these guys
aren't doing sports commentary here here
are people who are benefiting especially
in sports they're benefiting from the
largesse of this country you know sports
are places where the country comes
together to celebrate not just the sport
but also the country you know we were at
though we were all at the Dodgers game
to celebrate the success of The Daily
wire we all went to the Dodgers game
last night when they play the national
anthem you have this feeling that look
at you I don't know who these people are
in Dodgers Stadium it's LA I'm sure a
lot of them are left wingers I'm sure we
disagree about a lot of things I don't
know but in that moment in that moment
we're all together it's a it's a blessed
thing to do right you're there enjoying
the incredible talents of people you
know you stand up for the national
anthem it's like that's that that's the
thing and the right that you have to sit
for the national anthem which one for
you by people acting on behalf of the
national anthem it was that right that
you have to sit that thing that makes it
your right that makes it so that people
don't you know complain about it or
arrest you or anything was one for you
on battlefields under that flag that
you're not saluting so it doesn't make
any sense when Kaepernick did it it
really did bother me and by the way I
don't think that's why he's not given
getting a job I think he's not giving it
getting a job because these quarterbacks
you know who come up and they're
everybody says oh wow he can pass and
run wow he passes on one so you never
know what he's going to do and then he
runs and gets tackled and the owner says
oh wait I spent fifty million dollars on
this guy I don't from running and
getting tackled
running game and he's not that good a
quarterback that's what happened to
Colin Kaepernick that's why he is not
he's not playing and also because he's a
pain in the neck I mean you know this is
this is a missus showbiz and if you're
alienating the audience why would why
would you put it in there sorry I
couldn't do that okay so okay somebody
was speaking in my all right one more I
guess hi Andrew I'm a Patti living in
England this is from Neil and I patty as
an Irishman for those of you Donna I
heard you mention once that you lived in
England for a spell yeah for seven years
I did what's the one thing you miss
food-wise from this neck of the world
that you can't get in LA why that's a
strange question the English are not
that good with food food is not they're
wonderful with literature they're great
with homosexuality
oh no they're theatre that's what I
meant the theatre is kind of the same
thing but that thing what they're really
good with freedom or they used to be
food is not their best thing but I
always did love I like crumpets crumpets
are good and they're not that easy to
get here digestive biscuits those were
always really good and the the what were
the cookies that the Prince made they
were shortbread shortbread which you
can't you can't get shortbread here but
it was a little easier to get it there
but digestive biscuits were very very
good stuff that the British eat that
they love like Marmite and Ribena I just
hated that stuff as well yeah my kids
grew up eating that because my kids were
little when we were there and they would
read that marma that Marmite you know I
don't even know what it's made of that's
like have you ever tasted more like and
you ever seen it you don't even know
what it is I have heard of it yeah oh my
god it's disgusting
alright that's the mailbag next week
we'll do it again get your questions in
early and you just press the button
Austin says on the podcast page and if
you're a subscriber you can send a
question right away all right now we
have a new a new feature called
tickety-boo news and I've been told that
a little man who looks like me is
running across the screen I can't see it
though
there is oh I can't see
that was actually filmed earlier I did
that earlier I was a little I was a
little shorter than but they accepted it
now I wanted to do this feature this is
not a feature of oh here's some good
news so cheer up okay this is a feature
about how to read the news I think about
the news properly because the news is so
much better often than what we're
talking about we're always talking about
the problems and there's reasons for
that and I'll talk about on the site but
the thing is try this experiment when
you're reading the news try this
experiment look at how much bad news is
not something that has actually happened
but it's something they're telling you
is going to happen because of something
that did happen okay so how much bad
news is a prediction being made about
what may happen because of something
that has happened so right now we've had
some bad news I write in one city in
this huge huge country in one city in
this huge huge country a handful of
right-wing dirtbags clash with a handful
of left-wing dirtbags and one sick crazy
terrorist killed a young woman that's
it's very tragic it's a country but it's
a big big country tragic things are
going to be happening every day in
Chicago they're happening to poor people
who never get covered every 20 minutes
because of how badly the city is run we
don't cover that we're covering this why
are we covering this we cover it because
it's worrisome because if stuff
Krauthammer said because we know these
white supremacists are dangerous we know
that they have a tendency to get our
hand we know that the Communists have
the anti-fog violent Communists have
backing in the mainstream Left we know
that they're backing the mainstream left
by which I mean CNN and the New York
Times these people telling us that sex
was great in the Soviet era I mean these
guys are bad guys who give shelter to
the violent people who do kill people
like the guy who the Bernie bro went out
and shot at our congressmen I mean these
people do kill people they are very bad
so we've got a bunch of bad people and
we worry about what's going to happen
next but you know the headline could
just as easily be today number of people
in extreme poverty fell by a hundred and
thirty seven thousand since yesterday
that could be that would be a real
life headline you know why it's not the
headline because that headline has been
true every single day for the last 25
years every single day the number of
people in extreme poverty fell by over
100,000 people 2016 Nick Nicholas
Kristof one of the guys on knucklehead
row wrote a piece once he said the 2016
was the best year in the history of
humanity remember during 2016 everybody
was saying oh what a horrible year this
is all the artists were dying you know
and all this stuff and the whole Trump
and Hillary Clinton were running against
each other so we knew that whoever won
it wasn't going to be a good person
everybody was like but inequality was
falling globally child mortality is
roughly half of what it has been since
1990 okay that's not that long ago thats
you know quarter of a century ago that
child mortality is roughly half of what
has been every day people are getting up
new electricity artificial intelligence
is going to help people free trade and
fracking are all going to help evil all
this stuff is going on and life is
getting better so you know does that
mean you could walk around singing
everything is tickety-boo like in our
opening song no that's not the point the
point is this we are evolutionarily
created to worry because the guy who
worries who sits around and says you
know I'm not going to go to sleep
because maybe a saber-toothed tiger is
gonna come here and rip my head off is
the guy whose head doesn't get ripped
off by the saber-tooth Tiger you know we
are engineered to worry but worry can
also destroy us and I don't mean by
stress I mean like this I always say
that people read just enough history to
know that the Roman Empire fell and
there were Nazis and so they're always
saying oh this time it's just like the
Nazis or this time is just like the fall
of the Roman Empire they always say that
because that's all they know right so
you see the Communists and fascists
fighting in the streets of
Charlottesville and you think all it's
just like why Mar Germany but it's not
just like why Mar Germany because we
haven't just lost a war that devastated
our country we haven't got a an economy
collapsing so that people are real
borrowing money you know pushing a
wheelbarrow full of money to buy a loaf
of bread we're not in that kind of those
kind of desperate straits that led to
that kind of thing what it's much more
if you want to worry about something
dangerous what it's much more like is
the time between before World War 1
World War 1 a lot of people say World
War 1 in World War 2 were the same war
and there's a lot of truth to that but
World War 1 devastated devastated Europe
it was the end of Europe the Europe that
we think about when we think about
Michelangelo when we think about Mozart
when we think about Shakespeare in 1914
gun the thing about it is is that a
couple of years before that war took off
it was the height of European
civilization I mean now I'm not talking
about 50 years I'm talking about 10
years before it was the height of
European civilization how did World War
1 happen it's happened because of people
thinking what was about to happen about
people worrying what was about to happen
one small terrorist act the
assassination of the Archduke right set
off this train chain reaction of people
thinking what he's going to do this or
I've got to do this and they're going to
do that so I've got to do that set off
this chain reaction of a completely
utterly totally needless war you cannot
find a history that can tell you in
rational terms why that war started and
it was utterly utterly devastating we in
the United States don't know as much
about it because we went over there and
kind of ended it and we didn't suffer
the kinds of things that the Europeans
suffered you can't enter a European town
that doesn't have a memorial where
basically with the names of an entire
generation of young man pessimism kills
in that regard expectation kill in that
regard this is a moment of high-tech
miracles it is a moment of food
production miracles it's a moment of
wealth spreading miracles and for these
little creeps these mothers basements
self-righteous little creeps to start a
fight over a statue over a statue it's
not even a living thing they're fighting
over a statue and kill a girl okay for
them to get and for us to let that set
us against each other for that for us to
let then those demons set us against
each other that's a crime that's a sin
and that's the sin of pessimism and so
we got to look at the news step back a
little bit and say is this bad news or
is this guy something some guy telling
me there's going to be bad news is this
guy something guys telling me oh if I
say this the left will do this
I do that the left will do that you know
we have to step that and realize we are
in an age of miracles or otherwise we'll
blow that age we will blow it just like
they did in World War one
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the and
reclaim until we have a guest tomorrow
who is it I think I think it's Jesse Lee
I think Jesse Lee Peterson is going to
come on great excellent person to be
talking to at this moment I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show we
will see you then
