is the Senate health care bill an
improvement over Obamacare
let's compare under Obamacare you can
keep your doctor unless you can't and if
you like your current plan up yours
under Obamacare premiums go down unless
you live in the continental United
States or Alaska or Hawaii where they
skyrocket at the same time policies
become unavailable forcing you to beg
for the money you need to beg for the
insurance you can no longer get you do
however receive free gynecological care
unless you're a woman then you have to
marry a guy with insurance under
Obamacare you are forced to pay for
abortions unless you're a nun and then
you are forced to perform abortions
preferably on other nuns while Satan
laughs and screams I love Obamacare in a
terrifying echoic voice it seems to
contain the despairing cries of the
Damned under Obamacare your insurance
covers any health expense over the
$70,000 deductible
this is not as expensive as it sounds
because there are no available doctors
you can however listen to old news
reports about what a great President
Obama was and how the utter collapse of
his signature program is the fault of
the Republicans who didn't vote for it
after listening to the pro Obama reports
he'll be put to death and turned into
Soylent Green a process that is not
covered under the insurance you don't
have to pay for the doctor who doesn't
exist but whom you couldn't afford if he
did then you'll be easy
so that's Obamacare and while Democrats
in Congress say the law only needs to be
tweaked most people who use Obamacare
feel that the Democrats need to have
their noses tweaked and then stretched
away from their faces and then snap back
so hard that their entire bodies vibrate
like a plucked string and then slowly
shimmy out of Washington so they can't
do any more damage now let's compare the
senate bill as it now stands the senate
bill addresses obama cares over four
hundred billion dollar expansion of
medicaid by cutting the rate of growth
by $8.50 so it will not reach full
expansion until Thursday instead of
Wednesday this portion of the bill is
called the people will die provision
because it causes Democrats to run
around screaming people will die for no
discernible reason the Senate bill also
ends the Obamacare
and eight which forced you to buy
insurance on penalty of death unless you
were a nun in which case it forced you
to perform abortions before the penalty
of deaths carried out finally the Senate
health care bill arranges Obamacare's
repeal by mandating a change in the
definition of the word repealed so that
it now means not repeal from henceforth
the word repeal will be used to describe
act of doing nothing while Democrats run
around in hysterics
I hope this clarifies the differences
between Obamacare and the Senate bill
and between the Senate bill and a free
market featuring affordable health care
which you'll never see ever again like
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show we also
sing she sits atop zero level is if
anything it's so wonderful
all right now here we are and we are in
Glenn Beck's blaze studios one of the
nicest studios in the world they're
really a spectacular we're here in
Dallas on george w bush's birthday and i
i'm kinda is kind of lovely to be here
because I'm sort of a Glenn Beck early
responder early adapter because I was
when Glenn was first starting his new
enterprise he would fly me out to New
York where his tiny little studio was
and I would do some videos and then they
but they just felt they couldn't expand
until they got rid of me and I think
they were right they obviously they got
rid of me now have this beautiful
beautiful studio and it really is
terrific and I've been here many times
and they always are incredibly efficient
incredibly well done now you're looking
at me I know and you're saying where is
the usually dapper brilliantly dressed
incredibly debonair host that we know
and why do you look like such a schlub
well it's because I've been living out
of my suitcase for days and my wife went
home after the fourth of July and nobody
irons my shirts and so I look like this
but normally I look great and the reason
is Indo Chino because it endowed Chino
you can get tailor-made suits and shirts
at a price you can afford it really is
amazing it's really very cool it in most
in a lot of places there will be a place
you can actually go to and get all your
measurements done and then they put them
in their computer and they have them so
whenever you want something new you can
then just get in touch with them and
they'll send it to you if that's no good
if you don't have a place is super far
away you can do it you get your spouse
to measure your you know take your
measurements send them in same thing
they will have them in their computer
then then they will just tailor make
these suits and shirts any way you want
them you can pick your cups you pick
where the pockets are and pick what kind
of collar you have and it really does it
really does give you an incredible fit I
have them at home stuff they made
directly for me and it really fits
better than anything you're going to get
off the rack this week my listeners can
get any premium Indo Chino suit for just
three hundred and seventy nine dollars
at ndu Chino comm when they enter
clayvin at checkout que la VA and
at checkout that's 50% off the regular
price for made-to-measure premium suit
and even the regular price is low I mean
if you're talking to a tailor made to a
bespoke suit as we say in England and
the shipping is free that's Indo Chino
dot-com promo code Clavin for any
premium suit for just 300 $79 and free
shipping it's an incredible deal for a
suit that will fit you better than
anything off the rack
ever could all right we have a special
visit today from Michael Knowles later
on in the show but that will come after
the break so we will say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube to you we'll have
time to run for your life before Knolls
comes up here know you want to be here
for that that is what you come here to
see you come here to see the king of
trolls Michael Nolan sees me talking
about what's right with Texas on this
george w bush's birthday in dallas and
it is amazing i mean we were here for
the 4th of july i have to tell the story
before you talk out before knowles talks
on the air we're here for the 4th of
july we had this wonderful wonderful
party in a park in Slayton and this was
before the fireworks this morning the
guys on a band singing country music and
there's all the people there and they
had as a fundraiser they had these
teenage cheerleaders I guess there were
teenagers there were like 13 14 years
old they're the cheerleaders and they
would sit on a little platform I'm sure
you've seen this at your local fair and
little boys would throw balls at the
target and if you hit the target then
you dunk to the cheerleader and you know
there's a vague thrill to dunking a
cheerleader sonal says to me why don't
you go up and do that and I would said
because that is the creepiest thing I've
ever heard for an old man to come up
because you get to pick which girls you
guys like that one over there and by
golly out pay $2,000 the dunk that yells
three bucks but the people Knowles goes
over and does it not only does he go
over and do it like the creepy little
latchkey is mrs. every throw so now the
girl is sitting there going like I don't
know older men you know I thought they'd
be kind of
and finally walks over and dunks the
girl you pushed the target with your
hand it was it was basically the
creepiest it's like something out of
Thailand every time I wanted to get
lined up to dunk your teenage Peter
alright so I have to say I am so tired
of talking about CNN but but I can't I
you know there's actually some real news
Trump this traveling overseas he was in
Poland today and he's now in Germany
which should be really interesting I
mean you know it's important that the
Trump is in Poland because Poland feels
quite reasonably under threat from our
old friend the Russkies you know the
Russians they feel I've moved into the
Ukraine into Crimea and eastern europe
feels like oh no they're coming back and
they want to hear that you know Donald
Trump is going to support NATO and going
to support their protection but also
also because Poland is the conservative
outsider in the EU and the EU is
fighting with them about taking more
Muslim refugees and people in Poland are
have never been shy about not wanting
people to come in to their country and
they're just saying no these people
don't like us and of course that is part
of Trump's appeal so first of all you've
got a lot of things going on you got the
North Korea into a ballistic missile
thing you know now how we're going to
respond to that and Trump's over there
and he gets asked you know what's he
gonna do
on North Korea so let's listen I just
want to want you to hear the way the
press reacted here's the press
conference he gave with the with the
President of Poland and Ray dude i I
think his name is that's from the
camptown races I think that's after that
name doo-dah doo-dah doo-dah I'm sorry
listen Hetrick making funny name jokes
that's so low don't don't laugh at those
J that's just it just encourages me all
right cookie sorry they asked him what
he's going to do about North Korea and
here is his important reply as far as
North Korea is concerned I don't know
we'll see what happens I don't like to
talk about what I have planned but I
have some pretty severe things that
we're thinking about that doesn't mean
we're going to do them I don't draw red
lines president obama drew a red line
and i was the one that made it look a
little bit better than
it was but that could have been done a
lot sooner and you wouldn't have had the
same situation that you have right now
in Syria that was a big mistake but I
think we'll just take a look at what
happens over the coming weeks and months
with respect to North Korea it's a shame
that they're behaving this way but they
are behaving in a very very dangerous
manner and something will have to be
done about it
so here's the president the United
States talking about a nuclear power
we've got some pretty severe things on
the table he says something's got to be
done you would think this would be the
headline no because now the reporter is
American conservative reporter now he
asks him about what's going on with CNN
and Trump let's plot I think what CNN
did was unfortunate to them as you know
now they have some pretty serious
problems they have been fake news for a
long time they've been covered very a
very dishonest way do you have that also
by the way mr. posing with CNN and and
others I mean I know there's NBC is
equally as bad despite the fact that I
made them a fortune with The Apprentice
but they forgot that but I will say that
CNN has really taken it too seriously
and I think they've hurt themselves very
badly very very badly and what we want
to see in the United States is honest
beautiful free but honest press we want
to see fair press I think it's a very
important thing we don't want fake news
and by the way not everybody is fake
news but we don't want fake news bad
thing very bad for our country so I have
to say it made me a little nervous when
he turned to doo-dah and said you know
you have reporters in your country
because it has been a lot tougher on the
press that I want to see anybody be here
right he's actually tried to take over
you know make government appointments
into the public press and so I don't
want like Donald Trump to hear that and
go like huh I didn't know you could do
that yeah it's like oh you're in Poland
mr. president you can do it in Poland
but you can't do it a minute oh well
never mind then so now Jim Acosta our
old pal Jim Acosta what's his problem oh
my gosh he unleashes you know on Trump
he says
I want to make sure we play play the
right cut here because he gets it gets
funnier and funnier as he goes along
first of all he let me make sure I've
got yes first he responds to Trump's
attack right there's a Jim Acosta this
loudmouth and remember just to remind
you cNN has now doxed an ordinary
citizen because they put out a meme or a
gif or Jif or whatever you call it of
Donald Trump body-slamming a guy with
CNN's head pasted it on and this is like
the worst thing that has ever happened
to the constitution in the living memory
of anyone at CNN which goes back to all
the way to the last Tuesday and so you
know they're so upset and they think
this is the biggest story ever and here
is Jim Acosta responding well first I
asked him this question they asked you
know we hasn't it been decent for him to
go overseas and attack us on this
trivial story that we've been covering
now longer than we covered the sniper
attack on the congressman so here is Jim
Acosta unloading on truckers cup 7
unfortunately this was not a surprise at
all that the president would take the
first question from a American reporter
during his foreign trip here and that it
would be from the friendly news media
friendly reporter who teed up a question
about CNN for the president to go off on
CNN as fake news to me just made this
entire spectacle seem like a fake news
conference this was not an attempt by
the President to seek out a question
from somebody who is going to challenge
him on the issues David Maher tosco and
I have known each other for a long time
he covered the Donald Trump out on the
campaign trail I think he's a really
good guy but in this instance I think
the conservative news media was being
used here and I I do think that's
unfortunate a couple but I love about
this is like he unleashes on the
president the president is actually
making news overseas and doing this
again leashes on the guy says oh it's
fake news it's a fake news conference
with the whole thing and he goes on now
he goes into the famous CNN two-step all
right this is the dance step one is you
put your foot in your mouth step two is
you shoot yourself in the foot thereby
blowing your own head off because now
Acosta makes an utter fool of himself
now you goes after the president about
fake news listen to this this is amazing
this is the other Acosta cut
a couple of things we do want to point
out though very quickly one is the
president once again said that Barack
Obama did nothing from August to
November about Russian meddling that is
simply fake news President Obama talked
to Vladimir Putin at a g20 summit in
September about all of this to say
otherwise is simply fake news Barack
Obama went farther by the way in that
meeting with Vladimir Putin then
President Trump is promising to do
himself he's not even promising to bring
up election meddling in his bilateral
with Vladimir Putin so for the President
to say well Barack Obama did nothing he
is at this point promising to do less
than nothing on that front the other
thing that was fake news coming from
President Trump is when he said well I
keep hearing at 17 intelligence agencies
that say Russia meddled in the election
I think it's only three or four where
does that number come from where is this
three or four number come from my
suspicion Chris and papi is that if we
go to the administration and ask them
for this question I'm not so sure we're
going to get an answer and if we do get
an answer it'll probably be off camera
after ask him it was in the New York
Times the number comes from the
correction that the New York Times and
The Associated Press ran that there's
number 17 was in fact fake news just
like Donald Trump says with Kostas
accusing Trump of fake news and he's
getting it wrong in the process and
what's so fascinating about the
correction itself is it came days and
weeks after the Daily wire cover it came
weeks it's they're just they're just not
reading us they're just not reading us
they don't know what's going on so
there's a constant accusing Trump of
fake news creating fake news in the
process plus he's protecting Obama about
this thing with the election I'll get to
that in a minute but first I got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube but stay
with us come on over to the Daily wire
calm you can hear the rest of the show
you'll get to hear Michael moles and I
know you love Michael moles and you can
subscribe while you're there at the old
low rates still we're still in the old
low rates of the lousy eight bucks a
month
lousy eight bucks a month you get to be
in the mail bag you get to ask questions
if you subscribe for a year you get been
Shapiro's new book about the White Sox
it's great and then on July 10th is
after
keep forgetting today July 10th the
rates go up to I think $20,000 a day and
we'll come and collect you know
repossess your car and I didn't come on
over to the Daily wire back home so I
just I couldn't help covering that thing
with acosta I mean it really was funny
the other thing he's talking about is
that you know this is the big this is
the big show part of this trip is that
Trump is going to go talk to Putin and
so nobody knows what he's going to say
I'm just hoping they just have an arm
wrestling match I don't actually want
them to discuss anything I just want you
we are two strong men we arm wrestle
whoever wins gets country ah you know if
it's Africa that's the kind of thing we
want to see from Donald Trump I don't
want to see this talking and reasoning
and you know policy stuff I just want I
think maybe they should actually take
off their shirts and you do the whole
you know just in the mud or something
yes now your country belongs to me uh
you know I think that would be much
better but nobody is going to say Jim
Acosta is attacking the president first
of all because he insulted the precious
you know he insulted Obama said Obama
didn't do enough
which is true didn't he knew that the
election was being hacked didn't tell
the people lied to the people basically
said nobody could hack our elections but
Donald Trump's point of view everybody
is hacking everybody else's election
everybody is trying to mess up
everybody's election we know the vote
count wasn't changed there's no evidence
that the voting count was changed
there's no evidence that they actually
affected anybody in any way and so
Donald Trump feels this has been made a
big deal simply to D legitimize his
presidency and he's right he is right of
course it's bad but it's kind of like
when you catch a spy in your country you
catch an Israeli spy and we all have to
like you know clutch our pearls and grab
our far heads and say oh my god there's
a spy we know we're all spying on each
other we know this is stuff is going on
Donald Trump is absolutely right there's
much more important stuff to talk about
namely the Ukraine namely whether we're
going to start arming the rebels in the
Ukraine and and whether or not we're
going to you know undo their sanctions
the sanctions that are against them and
all this stuff and Putin is going to be
asking for stuff and anything they give
him is going to be
you know he's going to be perceived as
weakness so we'll see how Trump deals
with this guy who he is supposed to have
been in bed with I just want to cover
briefly before we get to Noel's I want
to just talk about the speech that he
made in Poland because they gave him a
hero's welcome they turned out chanting
and cheering he did the thing that the
media was complaining about that he
didn't do in his last trip he said you
know that we will in fact cover you know
the NATO agreement that if an attack on
one of us is an attack on all of us and
the people are yelling and chanting
Donald Trump Donald Trump the president
Trump they love him because he
represents their point of view and he
made this very very ringing speech about
defending the West so let's listen first
of all to what he said about Russia
today the West is also confronted by the
powers that seek to test our will
undermine our confidence and challenge
our interests to meet new forms of
aggression including propaganda
financial crimes and cyber warfare we
must adapt our alliance to compete
effectively in new ways and on all new
battlefields we urge Russia to cease its
destabilizing activities in Ukraine and
elsewhere and its support for hostile
regimes including Syria and Iran and to
instead join the community of
responsible nations in our fight against
common enemies and a defense of
civilization itself this is very
important right this is an important
thing these doing these personally
selling the Polish people he's not going
to let them mess with them this is
everything that they were complaining
about on the last trip and the media is
just going to ignore all this but it
doesn't matter because they heard it and
they were cheering and people saw it
it's on TV they don't we don't need the
media to tell us what's going on we can
see it with our own eyes he was he was
basically you know slapping Putin and
upside the head this is what Obama never
did Putin knew he could get away with
every move he made in Syria and the
Ukraine and Crimea because he knew Obama
would never
by back he knew it was a weak president
he doesn't know what's what Trump is
going to do and the thing about Putin is
he is a bad guy all these people they're
people on the right who keep saying you
know like all Putin you know he's a
strong leader Putin is everything we
hate is a bone-crushing
pres crushing people crushing freedom
crushing dictator he is in the MOL he's
not obviously Adolf Hitler but he's an
in the mold of those fascist dictators
he has destroyed any chance of freedom
the former Soviet Union had when the
Soviet Union fell it had a brief window
when we could have encouraged them it's
not our fault they have to do it
themselves but we didn't really
encourage them we accepted Putin every
step that he made
we gave him legitimacy we sent the elect
the Olympics to Sochi we did all the
stuff that he wanted us to do we treated
him like a real person the reset button
from barack obama george w bush saying i
looked into his soul all this stuff and
all putin is is a tiger who will eat
whatever he can get he will eat whatever
meat we put in front of him and it trump
is his good a dealmaker and as good a
judge of character as he says he is
he'll give him nothing without getting
something back and not just promises not
just smiles not just looking into his
soul but he will get something back and
that's going to be the telling moment in
this in this trip but so far still just
hearing this voice again hearing the
voice of America speaking up to the west
after eight years of this like little
will of the wisp president who could not
find it in himself to love his country
it's a love with the country and a
culture that had given him everything he
had everything he had it's just
refreshing I'm sorry it is just
refreshing whatever problems I have with
Trump whatever problems anybody has been
Trump is really refreshing to hear him
talk as he talks here about defending
the West we have to remember that our
defense is not just a commitment of
money
it is a commitment of will because as
the Polish experience reminds us the
defense of the West ultimately rests not
only on means but also on the will of
its people to prevail and be successful
and get what you have to have
the fundamental question of our time is
whether the West has the will to survive
do we have the confidence in our values
to defend them at any cost do enough
respect for our citizens to protect our
borders do we have the desire and the
courage to preserve our civilization in
the face of those who would subvert and
destroy it we can have the largest
economies and the most lethal weapons
anywhere on earth but if we do not have
strong families and strong values then
we will be weak and we will not survive
funny I depress some of the people in
the media got a hold of this guy's oh my
God he's talking about families and
values and god we hate this is terrible
you know on the plane coming out here I
was sitting next to my wife my wife was
reading People magazine which she reads
on planes and I'm looking over her
shoulder and the magazine to put it
politely as trash but it's not the
trashiness of celebrity culture that
bothered me it was the way they
legitimize behavior the behavior of
celebrities of all kinds it was
obviously despicable and disgusting so
there was one article I saw on Koons
Puff Daddy whatever you know and it was
like what a wonderful father he is and
he's strong mothers of his children you
know really support the family all three
of the mothers of his children who he
never married you know of producing
these children and you know 80 it's not
I don't need to pick on him because the
whole attitude of the magazine was this
you know what a wonderful family the
sentiment mentalization of unmarried of
unmarried couples of illegitimate
children things that we know we know
have bad effects on people and this is
what the media wants to sell you that
you can turn into a girl if you're if
your boy plays with a doll for ten
minutes you should immediately take them
out and give them hormone injections
this kind of craziness that they are
trying to toxic you know attitude that
they're trying to
inject into the culture and I am NOT a
reactionary culturally I mean that is
not that's not my thing you know I don't
care what people do I understand that
people have different attitudes I
understand that people have problems and
sexual problems and sexual differences
and all this stuff but to tell us that
the truth is not the truth that boys are
not boys the girls are not girls that
families are not families is ridiculous
and it is I'm sorry it is refreshing to
hear Trump talk about this I want to end
with one more cut and then we will get
to Michael Knowles I just wanted this
this one cut on defending us against
Islam because this I think is what the
people in Poland turned out to hear well
we will always welcome new citizens who
share our values and love our people our
borders will always be closed to
terrorism and extremism of any kind
we are fighting hard against radical
Islamic terrorism and we will prevail
force that's that's what the polls want
to hear because they're defending their
borders they don't want people more
Islamics
Islamists coming in and causing them the
kinds of problems they're getting in
Sweden and I just want to end with this
one thought that the idea that for eight
years Barack Obama could not say the
word Islam in connection with terrorism
you know you think about that for a
minute you think what it means what it
says about him but what does it say
about his attitude toward us what did he
think we were going to do what did he
think we were going to do if he
confirmed what we all saw with our eyes
that Islam there is a problem in the
house of Islam that is creating
terrorism whether it's inherent in the
religion or whether it's not it is true
it's happening around the world every
day and every I think something like 75
percent of the armed conflicts involved
in Islam right now most terrorism
involves is on what did they think we
were going to do if they told the truth
they thought we were going to go out
with our Bibles and our guns and throw
our Bibles and shoot our guns whatever
they hell they think we do with our
Bibles and guns and set the mosque on
fire and start tormenting people if they
didn't tell the truth when in fact it's
the other way around when you deprive
people of the true
that's what makes them frustrated that's
what gets them angry that's what makes
them go insane
and speaking of insane Michael Knowles
is with us today
the man who picked out a little girl to
dunk in water and yet somehow he runs
free on this set today like I got to get
out of the state before the police catch
up to me no there are views tables not
California there are laws about this
stuff here you know what I am insane
from is we've been in Texas now about
four or five days yeah I have not gone
more than 27 minutes since I've landed
without eating a slab of beef it he's
been disgusted in to watch her I have to
say I'm getting the baby I'm getting the
big shake it got like that guy in the
Denzel Washington movie was eating
people let me shake you have eaten
stopped that I didn't know it was legal
to yummy ha I gotta get down this place
is great and you know right when we
landed in Texas a the top trend on
Twitter became Texas America's future is
text up okay not the whole story was
going to land here what does that mean
it was referring to a an article in The
New Yorker now I have a strict rule I
never read anything in The New Yorker
ever but I I said okay if it's trending
we're in Texas the fourth of July I
guess I'll give us a read it was a
nineteen thousand word article in The
New Yorker you know my feelings on
lengthy wordy literature yeah I read the
whole thing but I thought America's
future is Texas this is terrific and I'm
arrogant you know zippity-doo-dah yeah
they have an assessment the author
Lawrence Wright took a different view
the the sub-header said with right-wing
zealots taking over the legislature even
as the state's demographics shift
leftward Texas has become the nation's
bellwether Texas is the nation's
bellwether now as a right-wing zealot
myself I thought I would look at some of
those economic indicator let's hear and
see what that means for the rest of the
country the shift right word that he's
referring to happened after 2003 really
it's been happening for a century okay
but Texas since reconstruction had been
democratic and in 2003 there was some
redistricting to
to get rid of the Democratic
gerrymandering and maybe maybe in a
moment of candor had a little Republican
gerrymandering in there since then the
Republicans took over the Texas House of
Representatives okay then a little over
ten years later in 2015 tech Republicans
took over the Texas State Senate okay
and after after beginning with the
george w bush and rick perry and now
greg abbott we have the governor's house
as well okay so republicans run this
state okay what has that meant protects
us before we get into all of the
wonderful prosperity that's brought yeah
I would like a moment coming from New
York and California to marvel at how
they set up their state government here
it's wonderful it is wonderful in Texas
the legislature meets once every two
years they meet for 140 calendar days
they're paid a little over $20,000 per
year on average a little because they're
only paid when they meet no you know
$40,000 better get them from two years
right and the legislature cannot call a
special session so in other in other
legislatures and US Congress you can
call a special session only the governor
can call the special session so it's up
to a Greg Abbott if Greg Abbott wants to
pass a bill through the redistricting
plan was called in a special session
like several special session area very
erratic of direction they were a special
edition but during that special session
the legislature is only allowed to
consider what the governor explicitly
says excellent so they can't go nuts and
start raising taxes and can't go nuts no
man's property is safe well the ledge
yeah that's right that's right and so
even the special session that only the
executive can call for limit the scope
of what that legislature can do as a
result you get a big free state nice so
sim since this time yeah first of all in
Texas there's no state income tax ha ha
our state of California middle my heart
yeah over a 13 percent income - hello
della finder son last year Texas had the
tenth largest economy in the world said
right that is in the state of Texas and
the tenth largest economy that this was
last year obviously there was a little
dip in the oil industry oil and gas in
is right which hurt the jobs numbers a
little
it knocked Texas down a little bit but
all economic indicators show that
there's a recovery in oil and gas right
and the unemployment numbers are looking
great and economic prospects for for
Texas this year or looking X that's
incredible yeah that's so the the Dallas
Federal Reserve actually upped its job
growth projections to 2.7 percent this
year excellent numbers one thing I've
noticed walking around everywhere from
West Texas coming out here you can carry
guns everywhere yeah and carry guns
everywhere actually the author of that
New Yorker piece complains about this in
a way that I think is a wonderful marvel
you can skip the line going into the
state capitol if you show your carry
permit because you don't have to go
through the metal detector because
because you see your carry ID on yes I
you know you know it's amazing everybody
here is so nice and so polite and that
may have something to do everybody knows
you do not want to start trouble when
everybody's back on a gun that's
absolutely true you know I do love that
the the capital has created an incentive
to carry a gun let's get the lock in
that through the metal detector no but I
will say my fiancee when we came here
was floored coming from New York and LA
yeah that people can be nice in this
country oh yes I know I know you know
it's funny
la people are nice in LA I don't want to
say they're not but people are so nice
the minute you leave the coast that's
wrong it is like a different country and
they're so kind and they will go out of
their way for you and they'll treat you
like a neighbor no matter who you are
and you know they look at us let's face
it with us they know exactly who we are
they know exactly what most people from
Los Angeles think of them and yet they
continue to be kind they tease us
control us a little bit but always with
a good nature and all this it is amazing
yeah and it's amazing to how much time
it's taken all we've done is go from
west west part of texas to a more
Eastern portable Isis that's a long time
for that tiny sliver of the country yeah
I mean you're kind a little add a little
bit of the country's I don't think we've
even covered most of it yet you know I
noticed when you were talking about this
New Yorker article you said a really
interesting thing they are complaining
that the government is going further to
the right all the demographics are going
further to the left but why are the
demographics going further to the what
you have seen the wrinkle
my celebration here on yeah well they're
all coming from from our state
California cutie that is right for a for
eight years in a row now Harris County
Texas has added the most citizens to
their County of any County in the entire
country for eight years in a row and
this is true statewide statewide Texas
has added a lot of people in 2015 two
hundred thousand people moved into Texas
Wow and to put that into perspective New
York the capital of the world yeah the
greatest city in the world lost 73,000
people in that year they're probably
older you're probably out here from 2005
to 2015 156 thousand Californians moved
to Texas that is incredible and one of
the reasons it's incredible I mean to
say to tell the truth just to speak
bluntly it's hot here that's where I
know it's hot here and in California
where we live it is perfect it is
perfect
most of the 50 weeks of the year the
weather is beautiful and perfect and
here it's hot so that means that people
are leaving paradise after I'm coming to
this very hot place because of the way
it's run it is it is interesting that
beginning from the age of discovery
onward people left nice civilized places
to go to terrible waste lands and be
free and be starting idea fray and the
start anew so will these people
understand mean this is the million
dollar question they have turned they're
like locusts you know they like we've
been to the nice places because
California used to be a red state and
they came to California it was a great
state and now it's sinking into the sea
from the just the weight of the spending
and which is almost all graft I mean
let's face it all these programs that
are sold to us on compassion and helping
the poor and all this stuff it really is
just government work you know for it's
just more money going into the
government so will these people
understand the reason they're here is
the right-wing government that's why
they're here well I do worry this gets
to my essential theory about leftism
and leftists which is that they want the
structure of the thing they want the
appearance of the thing but they don't
want the essence of the thing they like
decaffeinated coffee yes and there is
this worry we were there was some hope
because the Attorney General in
California actually barred state
employees from
business trips to Texas because Texas
won't let men use the ladies room this
is true when Texas took up bathroom laws
the California Attorney General barred
state employees from state-funded travel
it wasn't enough to stop the hordes of
people fleeing that state that's and
there is a little bit of hope - because
disproportionately the people leaving
California for Texas are lower income so
there is some hope that the people who
aren't cultural elites people are moving
or film studios down here right that
people that Donald Trump has shown
disproportionate ability to speak to are
coming to Texas that's the most
optimistic I can be yeah but obviously
certain states that have been affected
largely by these patterns like Austin
have already gotten weirder and we were
altered and that's the fear that's the
hair saying keep Austin weird you know I
with Illinois and Connecticut and New
Jersey going down the drain so really
circling the drain because of the
spending and the craziness and the stuff
that chases businesses away and people
just crowding into this state where as I
say it's hot you know their size their
rattlesnakes here for crying out loud
the Rancho answer was I know and yet and
yet people come here because it is just
that well run and the reason is well run
is because they just don't run it that
much they let the people learn you know
walking around I did see a shirt I have
to buy it last to tell me where to get
it it says don't California my Texas
that's great I and I live in California
yeah I'm only visiting Texas but I am
pleading with do not California my tax
eyes feel free to Texas are California
that's right because a merit because as
they as the article New Yorker promises
America's future could be Texas yeah
we've seen in encouraging six months and
hopefully America learns the lessons of
of Texas you know that this is the funny
thing it's supposed to be a laboratory
of states where each state is a
Laboratory of ideas the best idea wins
but it's like the best idea they just
want to ruin it so that they don't lose
their graft and there and there
that's exactly right during the Obama
era Texas created more jobs in the next
six states that combined so learn the
lessons and don't make Texas like those
other states all right so you're going
to come back to your Monday that's right
and then knows you would not here
got me back in heaven when you're going
to get your own podcast that's that is
true I went in the rumor I hope right
are so incredibly big we won't
occasionally visit another and check
well I you can talk to my assistant I'll
have my assistant failures alright
Michael roles thank you very much and
listen to his podcast when it comes up
and you and I will also have our also
putting together a special podcast we'll
talk that is very exciting and we'll
talk a little bit more about it's a
little different than what we're doing
that that is different this off the
political grid alright stuff I like and
then I will get out of here I've been
talking I was talking yesterday about
absence of malice one of the very few
Hollywood movies that depicts the press
as irresponsible and oppressive it was
during a very brief period when movie
stars woke up to the fact that the press
was ruining their lives and thought oh
this might actually happen to regular
people too not that we care but maybe
they'd like to see a movie about it but
you should also read the novel scoop
1938 novel by the great great English
writer evylyn wall and people have
forgotten people in law but if you've
ever heard of PG Woodhouse's Jeeves and
Wooster novels evylyn Waugh was that
kind of writer except about more serious
topics he actually was more of a
satirist and of course the one story
everyone is heard as his nonsense
satirical novel Brideshead Revisited
which is very beautiful model but scoop
is his novel about the press because
even Renoir was stationed in Obsidian
and he actually got the scoop that
Mussolini was going to invade and he
sent it in and they threw it away they
just bend it they didn't know I guess I
didn't take it seriously and I just
mended so he wrote this very funny novel
about this young man who's like just a
he's just a what is it what does he work
he writes about nature and somehow he
gets sent overseas to a make-believe
country and he is sent over to become a
war correspondent and it is about how
then it's about fake news it is a comedy
about fake news it's very very funny
parts of it or laugh-out-loud funny
which is hard to do in a novel scooped
by evil and law if you wanted to see the
press as it really is instead of as the
press depicts itself it's a really
terrific novel to read alright tonight
we travel back to California we're all a
little bit exhausted but we will have
one more show we have a Friday show so
it will be a shorter clay
this weekend because I know we had a
long Clavin last weekend for the 4th of
July we will be back again tomorrow in
California with more with higher taxes
harder to get guns I don't know why
we're going back exactly but we are and
I'll see you there I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show
