you know I was standing around the other
day sticking a nail into my eye when I
found myself wondering how can I get
this exact same experience without
getting all this blood over my shirt
then it came to me it was time for
another visit to our favorite web site
everyday feminism everyday feminism is
the website that includes articles
accompanied by an editor's note and so
help me my hand to heaven I am NOT
making this up articles that are
accompanied by an editor's note that
warns readers quote this article is
written by a cisgender woman about the
social expectations that she experiences
having a vagina
please keep in mind that not all women
have vaginas and not all people with
vaginas are women and their experiences
may differ unquote now I know what
you're thinking you think you can glow
that is so painfully stupid reading it
felt almost like sticking a nail into my
eye so now you get the idea today's
article from everyday feminism is called
you don't have to hate women to be
sexist everyday ways you may be sexist
without knowing it now of course it's
very true you don't have to hate women
to be sexist but after reading this
article you probably will so that should
make things a lot easier the article
explains that even though you like women
and may even support one of them and
help her raise the children she
mysteriously keeps coming up with from
somewhere you may still be committing
microaggressions against her by treating
her as if she were a woman instead of
treating her like a man who for some
reason keeps producing children through
the vagina she may or may not have
having this woman explained to you that
you're committing microaggressions
against her is very important because it
reminds you that you may have forgotten
to tell her to stop talking take a
moment and tell her now and the
microaggressions will go away
according to the article
microaggressions may quote take the form
of jokes like telling a woman to get
back in the kitchen unquote clearly this
illustrates a lack of communication
between men and women because apparently
some women think this is a joke that's
why their men start getting hungry and
cranky which may explain some of the
microaggression this situation would be
alleviated if the women would get back
in the kitchen and make a damn sandwich
actually this is a very helpful articles
another common form of sexist
microaggression the article says is
chivalry acts of chivalry like opening
doors for women or pay
for dinner our quote small acts of
condescension steeped in assumptions
that women are delicate incapable and
need to be tended to unquote this of
course is ridiculous if women we're
delicate and needed to be tended to they
would go around blaming their
unhappiness on make-believe acts of
aggression no one else could see and
they would never do that unless they
were feminists of course are very
delicate they need to be tended to
so that's everyday feminism you may now
return to sticking a nail in your eye
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
you
