a horrific horrific weekend will tell
you everything you need to know about
what happened in Charlottesville
Virginia and violence breaking out all
over the country I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show okay so we have
just an enormous amount to get you today
I want to explain to you the roots of
what happened in Charlottesville
Virginia I want to explain to you the
violence of an T if I want to explain to
the violence of the alt-right
and what the alt-right is and why people
on the right arm is perceiving what the
alt-right is we're gonna go through all
of that so it's gonna be a very
difficult show I mean I don't want to
you know pitch this badly but but the
fact is that we're gonna go through a
lot of very difficult and nasty material
today because unfortunately what we saw
in Charlottesville Virginia over the
weekend is the apotheosis of the
nastiness that's been building in our
country for the last several years and
it came to a head on Saturday in
Charlottesville so we'll talk about all
of that but before we get to that I
first want to say thank you to our
sponsors over at ring so rings mission
is to make a neighborhood safer today
over a million people are using the
amazing ring video doorbell device to
protect their homes the way that it
begins is that if somebody tries to
knock on your door and then knows that
you're not home they might break into
your house ring gives you this doorbell
where they they hit the doorbell and you
can pick up the doorbell from anywhere
you are it can be across the country and
you know that your front door is ringing
there's a camera on it so you can tell
who's at your front door whether to let
them in or not it cuts down on home
burglaries by a tremendous percentage
and right now they have security
programs for the rest of your home the
ring floodlight cam is one just like
rings amazing doorbell floodlight
cameras and motion activated camera and
floodlight that connects right to your
phone with HD video and two-way audio
that lets you know the moment anyone
steps on your property you can see and
speak to visitors and even set off an
alarm right from your phone when
something goes bump in the night you're
going to know about it with ring
floodlight cam it's the ultimate in home
security program with ring you're always
at home save up to one hundred and fifty
dollars off a ring of security kit when
you go to ring calm slash Bend that's
ring comm slash Ben again you get one
hundred fifty dollars off that ring of
security kid it's such a good products
that I've even bought extra products for
family members ring of security kick go
get it same of one hundred and fifty
bucks
ring calm / Ben ring.com / man that also
no lets them know that we sent you okay
so I first want to go through what
exactly happened in Charlottesville and
then press
and Trump's response who the various
players are by the end of today's show
you're gonna need to know you're gonna
know everything that you need to know
about the current status of relations
between the social justice warrior your
left and the alt-right you're going to
know everything you need to know about
the Trump administration and their
relationship with the alt-right you know
what the alt-right is by the end of
today's show so today's a very
information driven show and and also I
have to say that there are just so many
garbage people who refuse to acknowledge
evil on any side of the left refusing to
acknowledge the evil Amenti feel you
have the right many on the right
refusing to acknowledge the evils of the
alt-right or trying to blame the evils
of the alt-right on the sjw's it is
possible to hold two thoughts in your
mind at the same time the social justice
warrior left the antifa race politics
intersectionality left is vile and anti
Fez getting violent and all this has
been true for months and the alt-right
is a vile disgusting repulsive utterly
morally inconceivable movement the
alt-right is a horrible movement and
just because you think you're all right
doesn't actually mean you're all right
we're going to explain to you what the
roots of the alt-right are where it came
from how it was mainstream and who
mainstreamed it and we're gonna talk
about President Trump's response to all
this so let's just jump right in let's
start with what actually happened so
here's some of the video on Saturday
there was something called unite the
right unite the right was an event
organized by people like Richard Spencer
a bunch of white supremacists decide
that they are going to white separates
this white nationalist decide they're
going to put together this March in
Charlottesville Virginia and they get I
guess about a thousand people to show up
on Friday night they have a torchlight
parade holding tiki torches and it's a
bunch of nerdy losers who have never
been laid in their lives showing up to
to talk about how black people are awful
and they think this makes them cool they
did that on Friday night and then in
Charlottesville the next day they were
doing a March and things take a turn for
the worse the Santee fasho ZUP and some
of the protesters I'm sure are people
who are not antiva they just want to
protest the white supremacy the white
supremacism that they're seeing on
display and some of the people
definitely rnt for the violent people
are antiva it's sort of like what
happened at Berkeley when Miley
innopolis spoke there he had the some
leftist protesters who showed up and
then an Tifa came in and decided to make
the whole thing violence we've seen this
sort of thing happen all over the
country so that's nothing new okay we
saw that happen at Berkeley and we've
had on people on the show who were
victims of that violence in Berkeley
we've seen it happen in Sacramento
California we saw it happen in Seattle
again over the weekends we're going to
show you some of this footage so here is
so here is a little bit of the video of
an Tifa getting violence in
Charlottesville on Saturday so you can
see that it's hard to tell which
protesters are which some of the some of
the white supremacists carrying
confederate flags i guess some of them
had Nazi flags just disgusting people
walking down the street and some media
members and then you're gonna see in
just a second some auntie four people
and we'll fire left of your screen jump
into action and now everybody's counting
on each other people swinging flags at
each other a girl getting hit and her
her going after a die
so it turns into a melee first thing
that you do have to ask is where the
hell out of the police where the hell
are the police I mean this is a
legitimate question to be asking at this
point you know we've seen these sorts of
violence incidents break out again they
did in Seattle over the weekend school
show you some tape of that they've been
breaking out all over the country and
the police seem to either be overwhelmed
or to have stands down orders I don't
know where the governor of Virginia is
knowing this is going on but this is a
situation where the National Guard
should be there listen the alt-right is
disgusting awful okay I've been spending
a year I was number one target of the
alt-right last year in the journalistic
community I received over 8,000 nasty
anti-semitic racist tweets directed at
me in the middle of last year's election
cycle specifically because I was anti
all right and they still have a right to
speak and they still have a right to
March and they should be protected by
the police so I don't know where the
police aren't any of this about what's
funny is that you can see auntie for
jumping into action and getting violent
the the left has tried to suggest that
an Tifa was not involved in the violence
in any way now and Tifa being involved
in the violence does not justify either
the perspective or the violence you're
gonna see from the all right okay none
of that justifies any of this but it
would be remiss factually speaking to
pretend that aunt Eva was not involved
in this aunty Fay is a communist group
and Tifa is basically a bunch of Reds
fighting a bunch of brown shirts so
we're now having a replay of the vitamin
Republic Reds versus brown shirts on
American streets one of the things that
was amazing is that a reporter for The
New York Times acknowledged as much a
reporter from the New York Times Cheryl
gates Tolbert she tweeted out the hard
right seems as hateful the hard left
seemed as hate filled as alt right
I saw Club wielding an Tifa beating
white nationalists being led out of the
park okay and a bunch of people on the
left and hit her and they said well they
weren't hate-filled they weren't
hate-filled and she retracted and she
said oh they weren't hateful they were
just violent hey no they can be
hate-filled too and that is in York
Times reporter saying all okay so you
can see some of the violence it looks
like it was launched by an sefa but some
of the violence obviously was coming
from the white supremacist to here's
some of the white supremacist getting
violence I guess this is another point
during this during this March
you see the white supremacist guy
charging into the crowd people hitting
each other you can tell the white
supremacist because they're tearing this
up this shield this point sponsor shield
to white shield black bra sir
hell out of each other
folks in Confederate flags and all the
rest of us
and now you can see okay so that's
enough about one we can also see that
some of the that some of the people who
were who were arrested in
Charlottesville were members left so
again I'm trying to point out that the
violence at the beginning was on both
sides then we'll get to the actual
murder okay so the violence was on both
sides in this particular instance now
that's not to say that people who are
anti white supremacy are the same
morally as people who are white
supremacist they're not and it's also
not to say that Reds are the same as
everybody who's in the crowd because
that's not true either but it is fair to
say that violence on all sides is not
appropriate in civilized society here is
clip 26 there is it that one of the guys
arrested in Charlottesville was it was a
counter protester who punched a female
reporter
recording hey okay so you can't really
see much there but the woman who's
holding the camera is a reporter and she
socked in the head by one of the ante
file presumably counter-protesters this
is not rare okay so to pretend that the
left is not violence in these situations
is just it's just dishonest okay so you
can see that the Charlottesville
organizer right people were celebrating
this but the organizer of this
Charlottesville's
he was doing a press conference on
Saturday after all of this and he was
punched in the face and chased off the
grounds where are the cops for all of
this there is this twerp
getting chased off the grounds and then
you'll see someone coming and clocking
in case they chase him away again is any
of that justified in a civilized society
no it really is not this guy's a piece
of crap that doesn't mean he gets
punched pieces of crap in the United
States
right there he goes down ok so again the
violence so I so again the violence was
happening from both the left and the
right here in by the way it's happening
across the country from the left's okay
so in Richmond there was a
photojournalist who is who's covering
another one of these rallies and the
photojournalist was hit by a member of
an Tifa here at Jesus clip 27 the guy
gets hit right so again another one of
these hands Haifa protesters who decides
to hit a reporter in in Seattle
yesterday there was another one of these
rallies this time it was not a white
supremacist versus red rally this was
apparently just a pro Trump group that
has openly disavowed any sort of white
supremacism and the ante for protesters
show up and start beating the crap out
of people
the police are trying to protect the the
people who are marching you can see that
you can see they're starting to be
they're starting to be hit by the
Ruffman protesters the police are being
hit by the left-wing protesters okay so
this sort of stuff has been happening
all over the country the left has been
ignoring it because they prefer to focus
in on the narrative about right-wing
violence now to pretend that right-wing
violence doesn't exist is stupid okay it
does okay when I say right-wing I mean
all right because there is a difference
between constitutional conservatism is
all explained and they all write the alt
right is anti SJW but they are not
conservative in any market way in any
real way they oppose the Declaration of
Independence they oppose the
Constitution of the United States
they're not in favor of individual
liberty they are not in favor of
equality before God they're not in favor
of any of those things we'll explain
what the alt right is in just a second
so to call it right-wing violence is
even there a bit of a misnomer but of
course the the most important and
horrifying thing that happened on
Saturday was the tape we've not yet
shown and this is an actual tape of a
murder taking place this is a 20 year
old piece of crap alt writer from Ohio
who takes his car and rams it into a
bunch of the protesters against the
alt-right in Charlottesville here's the
actual tape of it
there comes the car you see him he
actually accelerates into the crowd
one dead 19 injured and then people
crowd around behind the car and the guy
reverses and comes back at 40 miles an
hour down the street and one dead is a
32 year old woman who's their protest
against these alt-right pieces of human
debris just awful awful awful awful in
every way just awful in every way so in
a second I'm gonna explain to you what
exactly the alt-right is where it came
from why it's important and why it is
that everyone a good conscience has an
obligation to call out the alt-right for
what it is how it got prominent because
I think the difference here what we're
seeing now and this is the problem there
have been white supremacists my entire
life okay there's a guy named Buford
furrow who when I was probably 11 years
let's see was 97 I think so maybe I was
a little young maybe it was a 95 or so
Buford furrow was a white supremacist
who came in to Los Angeles he scoped out
the Simon Wiesenthal Center I went to
high school next to the Simon Wiesenthal
Center he scoped it out because he
wanted to shoot a bunch of Jews when he
saw there was security he left he went
over to the JCC in the West Valley and
he proceeded to shoot a bunch of people
the JCC in the West Valley white
supremacist violence has been a thing in
the United States for a long time since
2001 there have been an enormous number
of white supremacist attacks on people
in the past few months there have been
an enormous number of white supremacist
attacks on people to pretend that these
don't exist is to ignore reality it's
not to suggest that they're the only
people committing violence but who cares
that's not the point the point is that
there are a group of white supremacist
who do commit violence and they were
always a fringe group but now you are
seeing white supremacist people who hold
that ideology marching openly in the
streets celebrating and something has
changed we're going to talk about what
has changed in just a second but first I
want to talk to you about an advertiser
and thank them for their sponsorship the
5-4 club so 5-4 club is a fantastic
fantastic service what they do is they
ensure that you are well dressed even if
you don't know how to dress so you go
over to five four club.com
and each month they send you a curated
box of two to three items that are
hand-picked to match the current season
and your
style they've been helping men with
fashion for 15 years they ship to over a
hundred thousand men every single month
you don't know how to build a wardrobe
they make it happen for you right now
you get 120 dollars worth of clothes for
just $60 a month you can pause or cancel
your membership at any time with no
commitments you also receive up to 50%
off items in their online shop if they
have an online shops it's not just you
wait for the box to come you can go and
proactively buy things access to
exclusive Members Only items free
shipping size exchanges right now go to
five four club.com you spell out five
and you spell out four so five four club
calm right now enter promo club and
they'll give you 50% off your first
month's package plus a free pair of
sunglasses so that means get $120 with
the clothes for just $30 for that first
month plus you get a free pair of
sunglasses that's 50% off your first
package at 5-4 club.com FIV e fo you are
club.com promo code been five four
club.com
promo code been i think that looking
good is an obligation in today's day and
age and 5'4 Club can help make it happen
for you if you don't know anything about
fashion even if you do they'll make a
wardrobe better 5 4 club.com promo code
them to get that special deal and let
them know that we sent you okay so let's
start off with this what is the alt
right so the alt right is marching in
the streets and the alt-right is is
supposedly there's a lot of
misperception people on the left are
calling everyone on the right alt right
and saying everybody's a Nazi that's
absolute garbage ok the alt-right is its
own movement the alt-right is a group of
white supremacist who believe
essentially that Western civilization is
an outgrowth of white race and that
threats to white race are a threat to
Western civilization that's the basic
premise of the alt-right ok a lot of
people think they're all right now
because they like memes or because they
believe in in the god of cat craig heck
is this like me murray that you see on
4chan and reddit and a lot of people who
think that if they if they post a frog
that makes them a member of the
alt-right that's not what the alt right
is the alt right has a basic root
philosophy what happened over time is
that the alt right was mainstream by a
group of people who decided to broaden
the definition to include people who
liked frog memes ok they decided to
broaden the definition and then they
used that broaden definition in order to
make the claim basically that they were
a big movement that had a lot of support
and then you saw people like Donald
Trump and Steve Bannon yes the President
of the United States yes his chief
strategist
give legitimacy to the alright and
refused to condemn that
in the middle of the campaign which gave
them added impetus and now you see the
marching openly in the streets
so with charlottesville Trump's fault
now of course Charlottesville wasn't
Trump's fault any more than what
happened in Dallas a year ago it was
Barack Obama's fault where a guy who
believes a lot of the slogans of black
lives matter went out and shot a bunch
of cops okay you're only responsible for
violence if you are rhetorically calling
for violence Trump has never done that
what he is responsible for in some in
some degree is mainstreaming the
alt-right and not treating them as the
as the is a cancer to be excised from
the conservative movement that they
really are okay and again I'm talking
about what the alright actually means
not what you think it means not what
people in the media think it means the
media has an interest in pretending the
alt rights a big movement that includes
people like me two weeks ago they were
labeling me outright okay I was the
number one target of the alt-right in
2016 that's fully insane and then there
are bunch of people in the alt-right who
have a drive to call people all right
who aren't because that way they get to
claim that they're a bigger movement
than they are but here's what the
alt-right actually is so some of these
supposed thought leaders of the
alt-right are people like Jared Taylor
Jared Taylor is the creator of American
Renaissance which is a racist website
and here is Jared Taylor talking about
what exactly the already is why don't we
let the leaders of the alt-right to find
what the alt-right is here is Jared
Taylor as a long-standing member of the
alt-right
this is how I see it we are a broad
dissident movement that includes many
different websites organizations and
viewpoints some members hold distinctive
positions on sex roles trade and free
markets forms of government and foreign
policy but they all agree on one thing
equality is a dangerous myth the
alt-right is united in rejecting the
current dogma that all races are equal
races are different they differ in
average levels of intelligence they do
not build identical societies and there
is no reason to think non-whites can
maintain Western civilization the
civilization that White's created okay
so that is that is Jared Taylor pointing
I mean that's a very good synopsis of
what the alt-right believes and he's not
the only one who says this Richard
Spencer and one of the guys who's at
this rally yesterday a sort of Nazi
sympathizing piece of garbage here is
Richard Spencer also summing up what the
alt-right is
well I would describe it if I could sum
it up in one word I would say identity
it is an identity rien movement it's a
an identity politics for white people in
North America and really around the
world so that's what the alt-right is
just in in one sentence or a bumper
sticker okay okay and he's not the only
one either Vox Dei there's another
member of the alt-right again one of the
alt-right thought leaders all these guys
are very active online all these guys
are very active in promoting their their
perspective they have a lot of followers
on places like 4chan and reddit and they
latched onto Trump for a reason I'll
explain in a second here's Vox Dei
making the same exact description as
Jared Taylor and Richard Spencer people
tend to look at our Richard Spencer who
is the head of the National Policy
Institute and also some guys like Ramsey
Paul some people even look at mencius
mold bug and Nick land but you know
they're really much they're really more
nail reactionaries than an alt right
proper and you know some folks have even
looked at me I think probably because my
look called an alright figurehead a few
months ago okay so this okay so this
should be a fringe movement right a
bunch of people who believe that
equality before law is not a thing that
racial equality is not a thing and even
the concept of people being equal as
individuals is not a thing because we
are all characterized by our race so
this was a fringe movement the left has
made it more of a movement because the
left has embraced in identity politics
of its own the left has basically said
ok you are a white male you white males
you you exist because of white privilege
and therefore you must be moved out of
power right we have identity politics
and so a lot of white people people like
Vox Dei and Spencer and Taylor they say
in response ok well you have your
identity politics we'll have our
identity politics will have white
identity politics we will be a group of
people who stands up for white pride
because white people are awesome right
this has been the response and that has
come along with a lot of anti SJW stuff
so a lot of people who are just anti SJW
anti social justice warrior but who are
believers in racial inequality and
racial disparity who aren't advocates of
racism and anti-semitism a lot of those
people they fell into the trap of
thinking that they are allies of people
like Vox Dei and Richard Spencer and
Jared Taylor
there have been a couple of figures who
have been very prominent in helping to
mainstream the alright one of these
unfortunately is a guy who directed a
lot of his sort of alt-right followers
at me on Twitter and became very popular
mildly innopolis so Milo is very popular
he's very popular because a lot of the
stuff that he said on campus you know a
year ago about feminism a lot of it is
irreverence and some of it is funny and
it's all of it is crazy and out of the
box and he says inflammatory things
deliberately and all of this okay but
Milo was very very instrumental in
mainstreaming the alt right and treating
the alt-right as an intellectual
movement that ought to be respected and
given its fair hearing
this was his Schneck right his shtick
was he was gonna pander to the alright
yo he later came out and said I separate
off from the alt-right they're not me
I have problems with the alt-right but
that didn't stop him from going on
national television and talking up the
alt-right and saying he just wanted to
give them a fair hearing here he is on
CNBC last you're doing exactly this no
identifies alright the press seems
determined to crown me the queen of it
all I've done is give them a fair
hearing in the press I think that white
identity and white nationalism is a
little misleading I think it's more
accurate to say that the alt-right cares
about Western supremacy rather than
white supremacy it cares about Western
values it cares about liberal capitalist
Western democracy democratic values
freedom equality that kind of thing and
it sees you know various threats to
those from various fronts okay so you
see what he's doing here okay what he's
did Milo knows better than this okay
because he's been dealing any circles
for a long time he apparently use to
call himself my love ogner okay Milo
knows what he is doing here and what he
is doing here is he's broadening the
definition of all rights very clever
he's broadening the definition vault
right on national television - now
encompass a larger group and this serves
two people ray or it serves two groups
it serves the alt-right itself which now
gets to claim a larger constituency and
it serves left we get which gets to lump
in everybody who believes in Western
civilization with people that Jared
Taylor Richard Spencer and Fox Day
here's Milo writing on the alt-right
last year this was the seminal piece
that really brought the alt right to
public public knowledge there's a piece
called the establishment conservatives
guide to the alt-right
it was written by Milo along with a guy
named Alan Bukhari who who wrote a
Breitbart comm is about a month after I
left Breitbart and here's what Milo
wrote quote there are many things that
separate the alternative right from
old-school racist skinheads alternative
right is a term coined by Richard
Spencer that is alt-right alt-right
stands for alternative right there
any things that separate the alternative
right from old-school racist skinheads
to whom they are often idiotically
compared but one thing stands out above
all else
intelligence skinheads by and large are
low information low IQ thugs drouin by
the thrill of violence in tribal hatred
the alternative right are a much smarter
group of people which perhaps suggest
why the left hates them so much
right left doesn't hate them because the
racist left hates them because they're
dangerous they're dangerously bright
this is amol Milo okay Ismail already
the media empire of the modern-day
alternative right coalesced around
Richard Spencer during his editorship of
takis magazine in 2010
Spencer found an alternative right calm
which would become a center of alt-right
thought alongside other nodes of Steve
Saylor's blog Vita and American
Renaissance alternative right became a
gathering point for an eclectic mix of
renegades who objected to the
established political consensus in some
form or other you see what's happening
here do you see how evil what's
happening here is taking the philosophy
the evil philosophy of people like Jared
Taylor and Richard Spencer and Vox de
Milo wrote the foreword to Vox days book
ok they're taking the political
philosophy the Milo knows well and then
broadening it out to suggest that it
applies to everyone who wants to defend
Western civilization I want to defend
Western civilization I've spent my
entire career defending Western
civilization I spent my entire career
defending the Declaration and the
Constitution my original break with Milo
online actually came over not over the
Michelle field stuff for the Trump stuff
or any of that stuff they deleted his
account see can you you should be able
to look it up but one of the but it came
originally over Milo suggesting the
constitutional conservatism was dead and
ought to be replaced by the alternative
right ok that's where the break came on
Twitter so it's what he did here by
mainstreaming the alt right was create
the feeling that they were a burgeoning
movement wasn't just Milo there are
other people doing it too Steve Bannon
who at the time was running Breitbart
which was making Milo its star figure
had Steve Benin said we are the meeting
place for the all right he celebrated
that they were the meeting place for the
alt right then he became the head of
Trump's campaign and now he's the chief
strategist at the White House and
meanwhile President Trump and yes Trump
bears some responsibility in the growth
of the alt-right President Trump we will
just go through the timeline he
continually during the campaign refused
to disassociate from all trite figures
or even racist figures okay this is I
hate to keep Clemente I hate to go back
and play this stuff but it's now
relevant okay here's a flashback this is
from March 2016
month that Milo wrote the space this is
this is Trump refusing to denounce the
KKK and David Duke what you see you
understand I don't know anything about
David Duke okay I don't know anything
about what you're even talking about
with white supremacy or white
supremacist so I don't know I mean I
don't know did he endorse me or what's
going on because you know I know nothing
about David Duke I know nothing about
white supremacists and so you're asking
me a question that I'm supposed to be
talking about people that I know nothing
about but I guess the question from the
f-m the anti-defamation league is even
if you don't know about their
endorsement there are these groups and
individuals endorsing you would you just
say unequivocally you condemn them and
you don't want their support well I have
to look at the group I mean I don't know
what group you're talking about you
wouldn't want me to condemn a group that
I know nothing about I have to look if
you would send me a list of the groups I
will do research on them and certainly I
would disavow if I thought there was
something wrong but you may have
questions in there that are totally fine
and it would be very unfair so give me a
list of the groups and I'll let you know
okay and then chapter kept repeating Ku
Klux Klan and Trump wouldn't go there
okay that was not the only time Trump
did this Trump was asked on national
television by Wolf Blitzer on CNN about
denouncing anti-semitic attacks on a
journalist named Julia Jaffe I haven't
read the article but I heard it was a
very inaccurate article and I heard it
was a nasty article I'm married to a
woman who's a very fine woman she's a
very fine woman she doesn't need this
believe me she was very very successful
she did tremendously well as a top model
she made a lot of money and and she's a
nice person and I guess some of the
articles says that she would go in at
night and she would stay she wasn't a
party person she you know it's not her
thing but this was a very just a very
high-quality woman who loves people and
is a big heart she doesn't need to be
have bad things said about her and I
heard the article was nasty
now I haven't read it but I heard the
article was not what it should be they
shouldn't be doing that with wives I
mean they shouldn't be doing that
Melania as a top model they sent
pictures around to Utah and
even it wasn't even like NSYNC you
follow these anti-semite I don't know
about that I don't know anything about
these fans of mine suppose it faster
yours a posting these angry you'll have
to talk to them their message to these
fans is I don't have a message to the
fans a woman wrote a a article that was
inaccurate now I'm used to it I get such
bad articles there's another incident
where Trump did this and again Steve
Madden at the same time talking about
how his website is the meeting place for
the alt-right and so what happens that
the alt-right believes that because
Trump is the anti political correctness
and because he's anti SJW and because he
keeps refusing to denounce the alt-right
in any sort of vigorous terms in Trump
never has a problem denouncing his
enemies and vigorous terms they begin to
latch on to him when that's not entirely
Trump's fault but it's at least
partially Trump's fault and so that's
why in charlottesville so the fact is
okay and these are unpopular things to
say I know I know a lot of the people
who listen to the show voted for Trump
I'm not blaming you for voting for Trump
I never blamed anyone for voting for
Trump to stop Hillary Clinton but to
pretend that Donald Trump didn't have to
do with looking the other way with a lot
of this stuff during the campaign would
be just factually untrue it would be
factually untrue and I think it's
important for us as constitutional
conservatives to call out bad things
when they happen to call out evil
ideologies when they crop up the
alt-right is an evil ideology this
ideology that says white nationalism
this ideology that says that race is
inseparably tied from ideology that's
what I hate about the left I hate the
identity politics of the left and I
don't believe in the identity politics
of the right it's evil it's nasty
you think I stand with the people who
are flying Nazi flags and Confederate
flags and David Duke marching around why
is this difficult this is the easiest
thing in the frickin world to denounce
just announce it what the hell is wrong
with people and this idea that we went
for
year without announcing it we're making
excuses for it or patting it on the head
because we thought it was an important
movement in important constituency you
know what it's not an important
constituency it's like five people
number one it's not a lot of people
number two even if it were a million
people even if it were five million
people even if there were thirty million
people you do not pander to the worst
people the planet has to offer you do
not pander to Americans who don't
understand what Americanism and and
promote an ideology that is contra
Americanism you do not do that for
political gain that is sick and it is
vile okay and there are a lot of people
who are doing it during the campaign and
it's continued now and should stop
immediately and even people on the right
now know this okay a lot of people on
the right now know that listen I feel
the same way about the left when it
comes to the left who won't announce an
ephah when it comes to the left that
won't denounce the Marxist
intersectionality philosophy that
they've been promulgating when the left
won't announce riots in Ferguson or
Baltimore when the left continues to
pretend that violence in places like in
places like Berkeley and Sacramento in
Seattle and Richmond in Charlottesville
coming from the left or they pretend all
of that is no problem at all the only
problem is that at the right all they're
doing is pushing people into the arms of
the all right you have two vile
movements pushing more and more people
into each others arms it's horrifying
it's horrifying and disgusting I'm gonna
get to Trump's response in just a second
before for that you're gonna have to go
over to Daley wire calm $4.99 a month
you can subscribe to daily wire it I
kind of get my show live you get Andrew
clavin's show live it's a video shows he
gets to see it you can see all the video
that we're showing which is imperative
when you're talking about topics like
this daily wire.com $9.99 $9.99 a month
michael Knowles's show is live today
that's starting and I think 12:30 today
and I'm sorry 1:30 today and kleavon's
show comes up right after this one at
like 10:30 so so stick around for that
when you get the subscription of daily
wire calm or even an annual subscription
and with the annual subscription for $99
zero you get this the most magnificent
tumbler that ever was or shall be
leftist here is hot or cold from the
daily wire and you got this tumbler nice
oh it is so you get that with the with
the annual deal or just go over to
iTunes or SoundCloud and subscribe make
sure it do both you know subscribe to
our site and go over to iTunes or
SoundCloud and hit subscribe and leave
us a review we always appreciate it we
continue to be by far the largest
conservative podcast in the nation
so why is all of this relevant it's
relevant because you know we don't have
to go nuts every time a horrible thing
happens in the United States people are
killed by evil people in the United
States every day we do have to call it
out when we see that the President of
the United States once again refuses to
openly call out the alt-right okay I
know the president Truong I don't think
it's coming out of any sort of sympathy
for the alt-right I don't think the
Trump is an alt writer I don't think the
Trump is a racist I don't think he's an
anti-semite I do think that President
Trump has this unfortunate and kind of
gross Achilles heel where anybody who
supports him in any way anybody who's
been warm to him gets warm treatment
from Trump and anybody who's mean to him
gets nasty treatment from Trump right
the proof in point is we'll hear Trump
statement in just a second but this
morning the head of Merck and the Merck
CEO a guy named Kenneth Fraser who's a
black guy the only member of President
trumps Commission is his panel on
American manufacturing or his Council on
American manufacturing he resigned this
morning because of Trump's comments
which he felt didn't go far enough and
Trump promptly won hunt Witter and
denounced him and suggested that he was
involved in in price fixing essentially
so Trump went directly after him we've
seen him go harsh after people like Nico
Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough and Britt
Hume and mid John McCain and then Ted
Cruz and had Cruz's father and Ted
Cruz's wife and we've seen him go hard
after a thousand people when it comes to
the outright then suddenly he seems to
swallow his whistle and it turns into
okay well I just condemn everybody
equally here is what Trump had to say
immediately after all of these events on
Saturday we condemn in the strongest
possible terms this egregious display of
hatred bigotry and violence on many
sides on many sides it's been going on
for a long time in our country not
Donald Trump not Barack Obama it's been
going on for a long long time it is no
place in America what is vital now is a
swift restoration of law and order and
the protection of innocent lives no
citizen should ever fear for their
safety and security in our society and
no child should ever be afraid
to go outside and play or be with their
parents and have a good time okay and
then he continued use he who
specifically asked about white
supremacism and he just walked away from
the podium apparently here he is talking
about how hate and division have to stop
I just got off the phone with the
governor of Virginia Terry McAuliffe and
we agreed that the hate and the division
must stop and must stop right now we
have to come together as Americans with
love for our nation and true effective
really and I say this so strongly true
affection for each other okay so this is
nonsense okay well what he's saying here
is milquetoast nonsense and what the
reason it's milquetoast nonsense is not
because we shouldn't call for unity we
should but this would be a good time to
call out all of the bad people no Trump
spent an enormous amount of time over
the last five years saying that Barack
Obama refused to call out radical Islam
that was true and Trump has been very
strong and forthcoming and correct and
calling out the dangers of radical Islam
okay he should be just as forthcoming
and calling out both the alt-right for
what it is and Antipa for what it is
there's nothing wrong with him getting
up there and saying the alt-right
represents an evil racist movement and
it's an evil racist ideology it's
disgusting and and in use of violence is
unjustified in any civilized country and
you could say the same thing or
something similar with regard to the
antifa Marxist group that seems to
believe that everybody who they disagree
with ought to be protested not only
protested who cares not protest that's
fine but punched and you could have said
all those things it's not difficult none
of this is hard none of this is
difficult but Trump didn't do that so
you said all this and everybody went
wait that was it that's all you got and
we can hear the rest of his statement
though many incredible things happening
in our country so when I watch
Charlottesville to me it's very very sad
above all else we must remember this
truth no matter our color creed religion
or political party we are all Americans
first we love our
country we love our God we love our flag
okay so it's a bunch it's a bunch of
just stuff right I mean he just has a
bunch of stuff and if Obama had done the
same thing and he did do the same thing
I ripped him up and down at the time go
back listen my podcast after the Dallas
shootings I did the exact same thing at
the time in fact here was Barack Obama
doing something very very similar after
the Dallas shootings the FBI is already
in touch with the Dallas police and
anyone involved in these senseless
murders will be held fully accountable
justice will be done I will have more to
say about this as the facts become more
clear for now let me just say that even
as yesterday I spoke about our need to
be concerned as all Americans about
racial disparities in our criminal
justice system I also said yesterday
that our police have an extraordinarily
difficult job and the vast majority of
them do their job an outstanding fashion
I also indicated the degree to which we
need to be supportive of those officers
who do okay no point ever even come
close to condemning the ideology the
police are the bad guys at no point did
he come out and say that in fact at the
funeral for the Dallas slain he came out
and reiterated that police officers were
what was driving the entire conflict at
the time I said this is disgusting what
Obama's doing go back and listen to it
at the time I said this okay so nothing
new Under the Sun but it doesn't matter
if it's coming from left or from right
evil people evil ideologies should be
condemned full-throated Lee this is not
difficult it's not difficult okay so the
media of course have gone over have gone
insane over all of this like beyond even
what is necessary I think this is a
critical moment for the country
apparently President Trump is gonna
speak momentarily about charlotte's
they'll probably try to put a bandaid
some ointment on the boo-boo it's a
little bit late okay you should have
done this by Saturday I don't understand
why this happened
okay the White House came out later and
they made some sort of statement
suggesting well he really meant that he
condemned the the all right when he said
his statement why doesn't he just come
out and say that why didn't you just
come
with 48 hours to do a presser it's
ridiculous there's no reason for that
and his silence means something to the
bad guys okay here's the daily stormer
this is a national neo-nazi website
quote trump outright refused to disavow
people saying he cooked cooked means
people like me who don't like racism
anti-semitism
we are cox according to the alt-right
slang again not to bring milo up again
milo sent me a picture of a black baby
on the day of my son's birth because i
was a because I didn't sufficiently
support the alt-right agenda or
President Trump the idea behind the all
right the word is that people like
me are for race mixing and therefore are
fine with my wife having sex with a
black man that's the idea so that's what
the language means as people saying he
cooked our chills and kikes that's the
actual word they use he did the opposite
of cuck he refused to even mention
anything to do with us when reporters
were screaming at him about white
nationalism he just walked out of the
room okay that may be unfair to Trump
but that's what the white nationalists
are seeing that's what the white
supremacist are seeing which is why it
is important for good leaders powerful
leaders to come out and condemn evil
when they see it God's sake it's not
difficult it's not difficult because the
media of course says the Trump shares
responsibility for what happened in
Charlottesville that I disagree with
again I think Trump shares
responsibility for the growth of the
alright I think that Obama shared
responsibility for the growth of the
black lives matter movement and for the
intersectional SJW movement but to
suggest that Trump shares responsibility
for the violence again Trump has not
espoused violence so that's just a left
wing talking point
here's Cokie Roberts making that point
though who shares responsibility and
this who shares responsibility it's not
only a man is not only in the movement
but anybody that points their fingers at
Mexicans and Muslims shares
responsibility way to share
responsibility the fact is is that
through that campaign he blew all kinds
of whistles that those of us who grew up
in the Jim Crow South like I did
recognized immediately it was just
calling out to these white supremacists
who then felt empowered by it and the
president now not calling them at you
know he should listen to nikki Haley his
now you in a master she's the person who
started bringing down
at monuments at the point she did it so
graciously in exactly the right tone
Ocasek aliens have mother and I know
she's talking about Confederate
monuments as though it's Confederate
monuments that are really driving all of
us gay the Confederate monuments about
have been around for a long time it's
not the Confederate monuments that are
driving all of this I think there's good
arguments made on both sides of the
Confederate monument issue but I don't
think that the argument is that Trump
created the violence in Charlottesville
because that's not right by the same
token you have people from the right
defending Trump's response Tom Bossard
is one of trumps aides and he gives an
absurd explanation for trumps comments
the president not only condemned the
violence and stood up at a time in a
moment when calm was necessary and did
and didn't dignify the names of these
groups and people but rather addressed
the fundamental issue and so Jake what
you need to focus on is the rest of his
statement the president didn't just call
for human beings to respect one another
which is his pragmatist core fundamental
bare minimum but he called for ideally
Americans to love one another for all
God's children to love one another okay
that idea that he didn't to dignify the
alt-right by naming them didn't want to
dignify them it's absurd Trump did an
entire speech last week on ms-13 okay
his whole point over and over has been
that you must name the bad guys
otherwise you can't fight them he's only
said that 1,000 times over the course of
his career
a charming Massa there there's a
desperate attempt by someone that in the
White House to try and cover for this
and that's fine I mean I think that
Trump needs to correct this as soon as
possible I assume he's doing that right
now as we speak
here's HR McMaster trying to trying to
pretend that Trump actually did a
sufficient job well the president's been
very clear we cannot tolerate this kind
of bigotry this kind of hatred and what
he did is he called on all Americans to
take a firm stand against it this is a
great opportunity for us to ask
ourselves what are we what is it okay
against bigotry against hatred this is
the same sort of nonsense that Trump
kept saying was unacceptable throughout
his campaign you can't just say that
radical Islam is just hatred or bigotry
you have to say what it is what is the
problem even Anthony Skinner Moochie the
mooch was on TV yesterday even and that
wouldn't last Newt Gingrich Newt
Gingrich said Trump should've been
stronger on this and then the mood came
out and said the Trump should've been
stronger on this one you've lost the
mooch and Gingrich that's a pretty good
indicator you didn't do a good job with
this I think you needed to be much
harsher as related to the white
supremacist in the nature of
I applaud general McMaster for calling
it out for what it is it's actually
terrorism and whether its domestic or
international terrorism
with the moral authority the presidency
you have to call that suppression okay
so I think that in the end what we're
watching in the United States and this
is the scary part what we're watching
right now this is why strong powerful
moral leadership is necessary if we
don't if we're not careful we're gonna
end up with a red versus brown shirt
situation in the United States that's
what you're watching on the streets in
Charlottesville it's what you're seeing
in Seattle it's what you're watching not
in Seattle so much they're just saying
Red's not even brown shirts but it's
what you've been seeing in in places
including Berkeley or Sacramento you're
seeing an alt right movement that is
racist in nature fighting a red movement
that is violent in nature and they're
going right at each other and all that
happens is that people play off one
another for power okay to understand the
rise of the Nazis and we're not in that
moment I hope I hope to God but to
understand the rise of the Nazis you
have to understand most Germans did not
believe in the Nazi Party most Germans
just hated the Reds for taking over
towns and threatening the country and so
they thought that the Nazis would stop
them is some tape of Joseph Goebbels
making exactly the same sorts of points
that Richard Spencer and Jared tailored
and box day like to make here is here's
Joseph Goebbels
talking about how he is going to he and
the Nazis are gonna end the Red Terror
was called the Red Terror in 1931 1932
hundreds of people's killed in street
battles between the SA which was the
Hitler stormtroopers and the Reds which
were the Communists here is Joseph
Goebbels evil one of the most evil men
in history not talking about this as the
end of the Red Terror is closer than you
think
communists
expect to get the worst drumming you've
ever had
then you see the cheering throngs that
is the 1933 election is the 1933
election they're even they're even
flying the same when you stop it there
that that of course is is tape from from
the Nazi era they're even flying the
same flag she's on Nazi flags in
charlottesville you saw communist flags
in charlottesville it is so easy to fall
into the trap of thinking that the enemy
of my enemy is my friend the enemy of my
enemy is not necessarily my friend they
may also be an enemy of Western
civilization it is possible but in a
fight between Nazis and communists
everyone is bad it is possible that both
ideologies are vile it's possible that
violence on all sides is vile and if we
don't have leadership that can say all
this then I don't know what to tell you
not just not just in vague terminology
not just everybody has responsibilities
not just violence and bigotry on all
sides no call out the ideology because
if you don't do that
people are gonna label conservatives all
right people are gonna label liberals
SJW left ok and we're all going to just
polarize into these two opposite camps
that are the worst of the worst ok so
very quickly time for some things I like
and then some things I hate so things I
like if you don't know anything about
the history of the Third Reich and how
it rose and why this is all very very
dangerous and you need to read William
Chivers the rise and fall of the Third
Reich a history of Nazi Germany it's I
would say the second best book on the
history of Nazi Germany that I've read
the best is this the three-part series
by Richard Evans but this is a very deep
detailed book by a guy who was present
in Nazi Germany during the rise of the
Nazi Party again the book is the rise
and fall of the Third Reich it is a slog
it is a very long read it's like 900
pages but when you finish you'll be more
scared for civilization when you finish
than you are now as well you should be
because civilization is a fragile thing
and what we are watching is the greatest
civilization in history and in tension
simmering under the service that
threatened to tear it apart ok time for
a quick thing I hate so
the thing that I hate today is Bill
Maher on Friday night he dislikes
President Trump so much that he is
hoping the stock market crashes that
Trump falls apart here is Maher making
this case I thought he would crash the
stock market and I don't think he will
I'm hoping actually because that's one
thing that would maybe lose him a lot of
support and and the Republican Party but
I thought and predicted and I was wrong
that the stock market hates volatility
and uncertainty and who is more volatile
than Donald Trump but I guess I
underestimated their greed because they
still want their tax cut ok so again one
of the big problems here is that the the
left is so focused on taking down
President Trump they don't actually want
what's good for the country and I would
say that there are people on the right
who sometimes are so focused on
protecting President Trump that they
don't want what's good for the country
either how about we all want what's good
for the country and we all want policies
from our politicians and moral stances
from our politicians that are good for
the country and if people don't uphold
those moral stances on either side we
call them out this is not difficult
politics is is valuable politics is
necessary politics reflects deeper
values but if we can't share values of
decency if we can't share values of
freedom and and liberty to say what we
want if we can't share values where we
hope for prosperity for the country then
we're just doing it wrong we're just
doing it wrong we become nihilists and
god forbid we should become nihilists
and destroy the greatest civilization
the world's ever known I'll be back
tomorrow I'm hopeful the president Trump
will correct his errors of the weekend I
hope the president from forcefully
condemns the alt-right and begins his
separation from them as well he needs to
do we'll talk about it either way i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
you
