so let's talk about the white
supremacist first of all let me say
without fear or equivocation that any
movement that burns tiki torches but
doesn't serve my eyes is clearly on the
wrong track also there's the whole
hateful racist dirtbag thing that's not
so good either secondly in their latest
rally many of these white supremacists
were chanting Jews will not replace us
if that's true it's a tremendous
disappointment after all if we could
replace white supremacist with Jews the
IQ of the country would rise
dramatically and more people would be
doctors and lawyers instead of sitting
around in their mothers basements
pleasuring themselves while staring at
pictures of Hitler and calling a date
night so if they really cared about this
country I believe the white supremacist
would rethink their Jews will not
replace us philosophy and maybe change
their slogan to please replace us with
Jews as quickly as possible and here's
another thing this Hitler character
these white supremacists are so fond of
I'm not sure he was as great a guy as
they think he was I mean sure he was a
creepy little lunatic who caused the
needless deaths of over 60 million
people but his career wasn't all roses
after all the man promised Germany a
thousand-year Reich and instead turned
the place into a rubble-strewn vacant
lot so it's not exactly a success story
maybe instead of waving those swastika
flags of theirs the white supremacist
should wave flags that say let's give a
big ixnay to the whole Nazi business so
we don't kill everyone and destroy the
country like Hitler did hopefully
they'll be smarter enough to do that
after we replace them with Jews and now
let's talk about blacks I hear some
people saying okay black men and women
are among the most talented artists and
athletes our country has produced blacks
have been great thinkers like Thomas Sol
and world-renowned statesmen like Martin
Luther King but some of these radical
black protesters are violent racist
dirtbags themselves so why can't white
people be violent racist dirtbags too
well I think the white supremacist have
proved that white people can indeed be
violent racist dirtbags
so congratulations white people if I
understand this philosophy right white
supremacists feel that white people are
the best people ever and in fact I can
think of many white people I admire very
much Isaac Newton was a good one William
Shakespeare
and I'm very fond of my wife as well
after all Newton invented science and
Shakespeare created great literature and
my wife is one of the nicest people you
could meet so that makes white people
look pretty good unfortunately when you
add in a bunch of white people carrying
swastika is enchanting hateful racist
garbage it lowers the white person
average until we're no better than
anyone else so in conclusion if white
supremacist want to make the white race
supreme they should stop being white
supremacist although I'd still prefer to
replace them with Jews trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show that serves only also single
mm the role of the citizen it's seen
so this is why we can't have nice things
with one Clavin this weekend and we have
Nazis and communists fighting with each
other come on come on you know I go away
for three days it's like I cannot leave
anymore I we got Michael Knowles is
going to come on he has done a lot of
the work reading and writing about the
alright so he's going to talk to us
about the roots and get to the depth of
it but first let us pause before we get
into this obviously the depressing topic
to talk about something that is good
about our country namely stamps calm
because stamps calm makes it so you
don't have to go and wait on line in
front of the post-office an organization
which we should mention does a really
good job the post office the only
problem is it's a little bit
old-fashioned have to get in your car
drive to the post office stand there
waiting on line to get things that
stamps calm we'll put directly into your
computer with stance calm you bring all
the services of the US Postal Service
right to your fingertips you can buy and
print official US postage for any letter
any package any class of mail using your
own computer and printer stamps comm
makes it easy they'll send you a digital
scale which automatically calculates
exact postage and stamps comm will even
help you decide the best class of mail
based on your needs right now you can
enjoy the stamps comm service with a
special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale
without long term commitments go to
Stan's comm click on the microphone at
the top of the homepage and type in
clayvin now you're asking the tough
questions a Clavin it's a Chinese mind
disaster okay help VA n stamps.com enter
Clavin stamps com never go to the post
office again terrific product good thing
to have ugly ugly stuff all right you
know one of the things one of the
reasons I say that politics is
frequently the opposite of religion or
the opposite of spiritual wisdom is
because it convinces us that the most
important thing we have to do is focus
on the sins of our opposition and a
or those of you who read the gospel will
know that we are instructed very
carefully pay attention to what's going
on with you and so I see all the stuff
that's going on I see the press using
this to attack Trump I see the press the
the politicians you know coming on
putting their fat faces on TV and trying
to use evil in this debt that took place
and these depths I should say that took
place in Charlottesville Virginia and
trying to use it to their advantage I
see that they treat the Nazi terrorists
differently than they treat Muslim
terrorists I see that there's all kind
of hypocrisy coming from the left and I
get that I'm going to talk about all of
it and that's especially obviously the
stuff that's going on with the president
but but but let's start among ourselves
because we're all good conservatives
here let us gather together and just
remind ourselves these clowns are in our
house ok these evil satanic clowns are
in our house and it's no good saying
it's no good saying well they don't
believe what they believe of course they
don't believe what we believe of course
they don't they don't believe in the
Constitution they don't believe in e
pluribus unum they don't believe in the
great American tradition of bringing
people in transforming them into America
through our creed that that we
conservatives are fighting so hard to
defend they don't they don't believe in
low taxes they don't believe in any of
these any of this stuff they don't
believe in America they don't believe in
the whole thing that makes America what
it is but they're in our house they
identify themselves as right-wing they
vote for the people we vote for they had
their slogans unite the right and all
this stuff it's no good you know when
the devil is in your house you got to
take care of that it's no good saying
well the devil is in the other guy's
house too of course is but let's not
mince words about it and and by the way
by the way one of the things I think the
right wing prides itself on and rightly
so rightly so as we pride ourselves in
remembering our Christian tradition the
fact that everything we have everything
we believe in everything is good about
this country ultimately rests on that
building block of judeo-christian ideas
and Christ himself and on the things
that he preached and a lot of these
right-wingers a lot of these alt-right
nots
you say well we believe we don't believe
in Jesus but we believe in the tradition
of Christianity well no they don't
you know no they don't look you cannot
you cannot believe that man is made in
the image of God you cannot believe that
the Lord came and said in so many words
here are the commandments here are the
two big Commandments love God and here's
the next one because it's right next to
it is love your neighbor as yourself and
then become a racist you're just you
cannot go around telling God what his
image should look like okay so these
guys violate everything that we are they
are evil and they violate every and they
stand for evil and they violate
everything that we are and we and
they're in our house they are in our
house oh okay we're going to talk about
the left we're going to talk about all
the hypocritical and nasty things they
do but let's not mince words about it
okay this these guys need to be swept
out and they need to be discarded and
they need to we need to turn our back on
them and walk away and by the way you
know if in some moment of anger if in
some moment of personal you know
problems or something something they've
said has made sense to you or you've
gone online and said something that sort
of links you to them that was yesterday
today walk away walk away these guys are
not the good guys they are the bad guys
and they're in our house we have to
reject them so what happened I you know
let's just go quickly over this thing
they have a a park in Charlottesville
this is not Charlotte North Carolina
Charlottesville Virginia which has that
beautiful that's where UVA is and it's
beautiful City I've been there and which
Jefferson designed and all this stuff
anyway they have a park with a statute
has robert e lee statue they had a vote
to get rid of the robert e lee statue
and rename this park from lee park to
emancipation park celebrating obviously
the Emancipation personally I'm always
against removing this kind of Soviet
idea that you remove the past if you
don't like it but it's their town it's
not our town you know they if we're
conservatives we believe in federalism
we believe all the power should be
concentrated on the individual and then
locally and then the state and only at
the last in the last necessity to go up
to the to Washington it's their town if
they want to do this that's up to them
these guys came in from out of town to
start trouble they showed
loaded for bear they showed up armed
they showed up with helmets they showed
up with weapons and and the left came
out to protest them never left you know
another problem for us on the right is
that the good folks the religious folks
who are just saying love your neighbor
you know we reject the white supremacy
nevermind our politics whatever they are
they're also standing with the the Anti
Fog guides and the amplify guys are
fascists they are fascists so while we
were getting ready for the show Donald
Trump came out and made us a second
statement and we're going to get to that
in a minute we're going to get to that a
minute first let's play the statement
that he made at the time he was just
honoring some veterans and he paused
hearing about what's going on and he
gave what seemed to be a prepared
statement so this is cut number one and
this is what has caused all the
anti-trump controversy we condemn in the
strongest possible terms this egregious
display of hatred bigotry and violence
on many sides on many sides it's been
going on for a long time in our country
not Donald Trump not Barack Obama it's
been going on for a long long time it
has no place in America what is vital
now is a swift restoration of law and
order and the protection of innocent
lives now so he said the hatred is on
all sides and this drives the left crazy
how can you compare how can you make
moral equivalence to between these Nazis
and wonderful lovely people like
anti-fog they must be anti-fascist in
their name while they're hitting you
over while they're wearing a balaclava
and hitting you over the head with a
stick and the black lives matter people
who include people who say you know pigs
in a blanket cook them up whatever they
say we incite violence and who have
committed violence against police
officers in the name of their loving
peace so you know Trump is right as far
as it goes he's as he's right as far as
it goes obviously there was this stuff
during his campaign where he didn't step
up and immediately condemn David Duke
people felt it wasn't dog whistles they
just felt he was being
soft on it so they were not I just want
to play I want to remind you well let me
let me do this in order alright first
here's Peter Alexander what does he I
can't remember CBS I think I think he
CBS play NBC sorry NBC News right Peter
and he's interviewing vice president
Mike Pence and he's like can't imagine
what Trump could have meant you know
here is he said on many sides name those
sides what are the sides well look as I
said today we condemn in the strongest
terms the hate and and violence
advocated by groups like white
supremacist neo Nazis and and their ilk
that's one side what's the other side
when he does on many sides well as you
look throughout the course of recent
years we've seen protests turned violent
we've seen fringe groups use peaceful
protests environment to bring violence
in some cases against police officers
only wider it goes on which respect with
only one cook yesterday mr. vice
president killed an American and we're
bringing the full weight of the federal
government to bear on investigating and
prosecuting that individual for that
heinous act that took the life of that
innocent woman I will tell you that I
take issue with the fact that many in
the media are spending more time
criticizing how the president address
these are attached and Cory Gardner sir
media grab reading their quotes many in
the media spend an awful lot of time
focusing on what the president said and
criticisms of what the president said
instead of criticizing those who brought
that hatred and violence to the streets
of Charlottesville Virginia all right so
let's let's take a look and listen to
what Trump has now said he came out this
morning with a new statement I haven't
heard it yet so I'll hear it for the
first time racism is evil and those who
cause violence in its name are criminals
and thugs including the KKK neo-nazis
white supremacist and other hate groups
that are repugnant to everything we hold
dear as Americans we are a nation
founded on the truth that all of us are
created equal we are equal in the eyes
of our Creator
we are equal under the law and we are
equal under our Constitution those who
spread violence in the name of bigotry
strike at the very core of America okay
let's clear enough I think you know they
are they're gonna pick about that I
don't know I mean the whole thing is
this is the whole thing that's so
bothersome is what other side for their
possible you know who else is hateful
how could you call these other people
hateful gay Cheryl gays Stolberg a New
York Times reporter was there on the
scene and she tweeted out you know that
she was surprised at how that the
anti-fog protesters were also filled
with as she put it hate filled violence
and the Twitterverse just piled on top
of her until of course like all up that
she apologized the Stalinist show trials
and she apologized for what she said but
it's just true and let us not forget our
former president while we were picking
on Donald Trump every word that comes
out of his mouth has to be you know
turned against him and made into a big
thing but while we're picking on him
let's not forget our former president
and how he reacted when a Muslim
shouting Allahu Akbar opened fire in
Fort Hood in 2009 and killed 13 people
let's hear how the powerful statement
against Islamist terrorism that came out
of that president I want to begin by
offering an update on the tragedy that
took place yesterday at Fort Hood this
morning I met with FBI director of
Mueller and the relevant agencies to
discuss their ongoing investigation into
what caused one individual to turn his
gun on fellow servicemen and women we
don't know all the answers yet and I
would caution against jumping to
conclusions until we have all the facts
so how would it have been let me just
transpose that how would it have been if
Donald Trump had gotten up and said
let's not rush to judgment let's not
rush to judgment on who is to blame here
until we have all the facts and by the
way just to finish this thought remember
when the cop started bothering the
Harvard the black Harvard professor in
Cambridge remember so it's don't rush to
judgment don't make any decisions until
wait until we get all the facts and
here's what Obama said then same here
I
no not having been there and not seeing
all the facts what role race play damn
it but I think it's fair to say number
one any of us would be pretty angry
number two that the Cambridge police
acted stupidly so so I'm saying all I'm
saying is you know Trump has made some
mistakes about this if I were if I were
in his shoes what I would have said is
there's hatred on all sides but some of
these guys who support me have to know
that they're not helping me or my
administration my administration does
not support this and not the friend of
these philosophies you know if you want
to make America great again because
let's look you know America has has had
greater days than it's happening right
now and during those days there were in
justices that need to be put away we
want a new greatness we want a great a
greatness that doesn't have that stuff
there's nothing wrong with Trump saying
that there's nothing there was nothing
that would hurt his efforts and his
agenda for him to come out and say look
there's about ten of these guys in the
country they're not that many of them
even even here they do a lot of work
though these right-wing fascists do a
lot of work to make themselves seem like
they're more of them than there are
there aren't that many of them they
didn't put Donald Trump over the top
they're not the reason he won the
election he can obviously just say look
if you actually favor my administration
you have to not be this guy put it away
the guy who really bugged me of all of
these people was Michael signor the
mayor of Charlottesville and of course I
feel for him I thought horrible thing to
happen to his city but he basically laid
this directly at Trump Stewart let's
listen to this well look at the campaign
he ran I mean look at the intentional
courting both on the one hand of all
these white supremacist white
nationalist group like that anti-semitic
groups and then look on the other hand
the the repeated failure to step up
condemn denounce silence you know put to
bed all those different efforts just
like we saw yesterday and this is not
hard there's you know there's two words
that need to be said over and over again
domestic terrorism and white supremacy
that is exactly we saw on display this
weekend and we
just aren't seeing leadership from the
White House we certainly are going to
see leadership from cities like
Charleston for mayor's from leaders all
around the country left and right
Republicans and Democrats if there's an
issue that can unite this country that
this can be a turning point for this
democracy I think it just happened right
now this weekend in Charlottesville you
know I to be honest it doesn't matter
much to me whether he's already on on
the sidelines I think of so many issues
but the country is going to move ahead
this will be a turning point for the
country to overcome this stuff just like
we've overcome these challenges in our
past and I think it's happening right
now as we speak this by the way again I
know when you hear that you think
domestic terrorism white supremacism how
come these guys aren't as fat he's a
Democrat why aren't they is quick to say
domestic terrorism Islamic
fundamentalism why was Trump
controversial when he did say that but
you know we again let it go these guys
are in our house we have to face and we
got it we have to purge these people
from anything that even looks like our
movement we have to announce and say
repeatedly you know I know it's not fair
I know it's not fair and the reason it's
not fair
the reason it's not fair is because
leftism is racism repped ISM with this
identity politics is now wholly infested
with racism we're not just like I said
before you can't fight for free speech
by silencing other people's speech you
cannot fight for the Constitution and
America and and be a racist you cannot
be a right-wing racist that two things
simply do not go together and anything
that looks like that has to be purged
out of the movement thing that bothered
me about Cigna though is listen to my
pal Doug McAvoy great Fox News Street
reporter he was out there on the scene
listen to his experience with the police
in Charlottesville and before you lay
this at Trump's house mayor and and
Governor Terry McAuliffe listen to this
what Lynn Kelly says about the cops when
I got out of my car yesterday in
Charlottesville for the first time at
about 10:30 yesterday morning you knew
this was a bad scene and that bad things
were going to be happening because
people were congregating at Lee Park at
Emancipation Park wearing helmets body
armor hearing big heavy sticks
nobody was intent upon peace here from
either side people were intent on
causing havoc and causing damage and
even as wounded were being brought out
of the park the police were sitting idly
I I was standing by a cordoned off area
where the police had set up as a staging
area the State Police is set up and they
said you can come in here this is a safe
area but when the tear gas started to
fly thrown by protesters the police
themselves began to evacuate that I
asked the guy who was in charge dude
where are you going
he said we're leaving it's too dangerous
they had an opportunity to nip this
thing in the bud and they chose not to
that's the State Police but you know the
thing is when you have when you know
these people are coming why are they
protesting anywhere near each other why
not just put them in different places
that is the way you avoid these these
problems so I would like to be hearing
from Terry McAuliffe and cooter
McAuliffe is up defending the police it
really sent look it's not the individual
cops job it's not the cop on the beats
problem
it's where the orders are coming from
where was the order to stand down
where was the order to let these people
come together we're going to have
Michael Knowles after the break but
first let us pause and what I admit is a
dark subject to have a little bit more
brightness because there's so much you
know there's so much about this country
these guys are so few there's so few and
when we when the rest of us turn on each
other in their name they are getting
some of the stuff that they want you
know when we when the decent people
start fighting with each other over
these clowns they are getting some of
the stuff we want always good to pause
and remember that capitalism is still
working well the job market is working
well and you can get great snacks with
naturebox
a cup is a good it is a good thing if
you are like me when you're up late at
night you that's when you start to hit
whatever in the closet was ever in the
cupboard you start eating whatever is
there a lot of times maybe not so good
with naturebox
you send away they will send you snacks
and they're all they have they're made
out of better stuff they tell you you
know the calories and what since mom
died and what's involved they have over
a hundred snacks that taste good and
actually better for you all the snacks
are made from high-quality simple
ingredients which means no artificial
colors flavors sweeteners you can feel
good about what you're eating today are
they're good they are good I talked
before about the one the kettle corn
with coffee detentions I mean just
talking about it makes me a little bit
the man you'll you'll be happy if I
don't just walk away Frenchmen
almond granola or wheat chocolate chip
cookie bites and they come in these bags
so you can tell how much you're getting
so simple go to nature box calm and
nature box will deliver them right to
your door I can promise you if you just
go on the website you will do this thing
because you'll see the pictures and they
look so good there's no risk if you ever
try a snack you don't like don't eat it
nature box will replace it for free and
you can save even more right now nature
box is offering my fans three free
snacks with your first order
when you go to nature box calm oh so
glad you asked you feed me a question I
can actually answer que la VA en
naturebox.com/tyler three free snacks
with your first order nature box calm
and it's good stuff you will like it
alright we got a break from Facebook and
YouTube where you get free video for a
while but then if you want to watch the
rest of the show you got to come to the
daily wired.com and subscribe you can
come over to the daily while you're calm
and listen but if you want to see the
whole show you can just subscribe that
way you get in the mailbag it allows it
ten bucks a month you get all your
questions answered your personal problem
solved and if you subscribe for a year
it allows you hundred bucks for the year
you get the leftist tears tumblr come on
it's worth it alright let's quit we'll
see you on the other side alright NOLs
have you gotten the great and powerful
michael moles there we are
hey it's good to see you you know I have
to thank you you and all you have given
me some really terrible assignments
before outside of you berries on I'm I'm
really glad you did not send me to
Charlottesville this weekend yeah but
it's just that would have been worse
than Southside with you know I just like
to thank you on the show it would have
been it would have been a toss-up South
Sider your head cracked in bio it's true
AC fair enough how's your show going as
shows going well I want to thank
everybody for listening we rose up
pretty high in the charts and have been
doing shockingly well I figured we would
have been canceled by now but thanks to
viewers like you somehow I still have a
job I've tried my best to get
cancels it and that I have to remind
people you have to go on you cannot let
this man look look at this guy's face
and I cannot let this man rise above my
show and it's all about the reviews you
got to go on iTunes and review my show
and give it good reviews so you can
humiliate this man as you so obviously
deserves I so you have written a lot and
wrote you wrote a really excellent piece
a long time a while back for The Daily
wire about these what do we call them I
almost hate to call them the old right
because it doesn't mean anything watered
down to me nothing they've sort of done
it it's a weird alliance between these
guys and the media to make this term so
ambiguous that they pull people in and
this is the cleverness of them it's why
they called their rally unite the right
this rally was just neo Confederates and
neo Nazis white nationalists very
they're very small group of people and
centered around those ideas but they
called it unite the right because then
people like Richard Spencer and so on
get to mainstream themselves and
insinuate themselves in the conservative
movement that booted them out 50 years
ago right we did right this is these are
the guys that William Buckley chased out
of the temple base that's right and
they've always been around a little bit
you know the Buckley purged them purged
the Bursar's and and other racist and
anti-semites and they've all kind of
come back a little bit you know there
was always this Buchanan is employed
around with this a lot I think a lot a
lot of other people John Derbyshire has
written racist articles a Peter Brimelow
has veered into that territory and for
decades now there have been people like
Jared Taylor my fellow Yale a who's a
white supremacist white white
nationalist I think is fair he is a
unique I think among them because he's
actually not anti-semitic he's just a
ethnos state advocate and once a white
country and all those sort of things not
the same cannot be said of some of these
other guys
there's Theodore Beale who goes by box
day oh yeah he's one he utters the 14
words about protecting white people what
are the 14 words the 14 words are let me
see if I remember this from summer camp
it's we must secure the existence of our
people in a future for white children
it's often paired with 88 which stands
for the eighth letter of the alphabet
H which stands for Heil Hitler of course
oh great okay and other writers too Sam
Francis the old right-wing writer he
called for a white racial consciousness
Paul Ramsey is a YouTube guy white
supremacists
questions the Holocaust it was really
interesting about these guys is just
like the progressives they're going
backwards you know they're going back to
this primitive idea I mean ever since
Jesus basically the idea has been that
we great ideas transcend nationalism and
transcend race at least since Jesus it's
been that idea they're going back into
this perminov ISM these guys are
evidence that a little bit of knowledge
as a dangerous than necessary value
because they're not totally stupid and
they're not totally uneducated they are
a little bit stupid and lightly
education you've read some things but
not but without a lot of context they
position themselves as defenders of
Western culture Western civilization I
think they know very little about those
two things and as a result their views
can seem attractive a guy like Richard
Spencer who's kind of become the head of
this thing he runs all right calm the
National Policy Institute which is white
nationalist he is a good-looking guy
he's articulate and he seems educated to
the uneducated he's not a stupid guy he
was in a ph.d program at Duke and that
that's what that's what's worried since
David Duke University whereas David okay
it's a correspondence course with what
its attractive it's subtle it's
attempting much like the devil exhibit
enough talking of uses information that
way and as a result I think particularly
young people particularly that
right-wing set of internet trolls can be
brought over to them you know Andrew
Anglin the guy who runs daily store more
this disgusting website which is just a
neo Ku Klux Klan thing he says that he
is the king of the trolls which makes
this quite personal but actually back
when you were just neo-nazi as I was
angry but now you're claiming my people
now you are listen I think we all
acknowledge that you are king of the
troll I appreciate like Game of Thrones
you guys are going to have to fight it
out with like dragons when to ethereal
armies go to battle particularly with
dragons aside with Michael always
I have no ethical returns out so but
there's this worry these some young
people went to this stupid thing in
Charlotte's ville there's a guy as a
college president College Republican
president at Washington State University
James Alice if he's a youtuber guy he
went there in in solidarity with these
guys he's the guy who mowed down the
poor woman and 19 other people was 20
years old right threw his life away
probably had more testosterone than
sense and and the other strange thing
about this movement is that it's not
just Hillbillies you know it worsley of
course there are a lot of wranglin the
storm daily stormer guy says that he is
largest source of traffic and donations
is Silicon Valley really not Appalachian
now who knows I mean the guy's a liar
and a troll but I wouldn't be surprised
there these roots of neo reaction that
came out of Silicon Valley so wait let's
talk about the young the young aspect of
this for a miniature because I have to I
have to believe I mean I obviously
there's no study of it but I have to
believe that part of the appeal to young
people is shattering the Pyatt ease I
mean when you see a guy fired from
Google for basically saying hey could
you please allow a little bit of
alternate opinions in here and they go
yeah you're fired that there it becomes
I mean I always used to say this about
John Derbyshire - is that it becomes
glamorous to fight the power I mean it's
kind of like Satan and Paradise Lost you
know he's up against this massive power
it becomes kind of romantic precise and
up against even if you're utterly in the
wrong that's precisely right and I think
that I don't think we should condescend
and patronize these young people and say
oh you've got a lot to learn young fella
and but nevertheless you have to be
careful when your ideas are forming and
you don't quite know where you stand and
you have a little bit of knowledge or a
little bit of Education or a little bit
of passion because you're watching
Brandon I get fired or so this guy
Google get fired and you're seeing your
grades lowered because you're on the
right it creates reactionaries that's
what the school out of Silicon Valley is
it's a reactionary thing and you really
ought to calm down or you can ruin your
life the Internet is forever and
and the extreme of this is a guy who
mowed down a woman and killed her he'll
he'll go to jail if there's any justice
that it's a it's a dangerous thing
you're playing with the memes are fun
Pepe is fun yelling about Mitch
McConnell and Paul Ryan is a lot of fun
I embrace all of those things yeah sure
but you're you are playing with fire if
you're playing around with these guys I
mean this is always my argument with
Milo you na+ he thinks he's being ironic
but evil eats irony I mean evil this
like irony is a snack for evil I mean
you can be ironic about it all you want
and it's a good thing to make fun of the
devil but basically if you are
participating in this stuff and thinking
it's glamorous or funny the devil just
he'll have you for money if you live
your life ironically yeah you there's
there's no difference right now i ron't
what's ironic
now what's ernest and Milo did in
estimable damage to the to the right in
this country into the conservative
movement yeah I mainstreaming these guys
he ostensibly wrote this article the
establishment conservatives guide to the
old right right which my article is is
refuting and responding to but he on the
one hand he said racists or a fringe in
this movement and then he said here are
the founders of this movement everyone's
a racist neo-nazi or something you know
to go back also for a minute and I
really do want to talk about this
because it's important to me personally
this idea of Education and a little bit
of education one of the things that I've
noticed repeatedly with these guys is
that they have read a couple of great
books and they can quote from the me Jay
and things like that people who are
really important in the history of
Western culture but they're looking at
them without any context without any I
mean if you've read Nietzsche and you've
never read Dostoyevsky you don't know
what you're talking about right and so
if you're looking if you're looking at a
mountain and you're saying oh that's the
highest peak and you don't look around
you and know that there are mountains
that are ten times higher you really
don't know what you're talking about it
is because this atmosphere of sounding
educated when it's truly truly not and
when you read them in-depth you see that
they really don't have a depth of
education I think that's why the
Objectivist Society of America the
average and median age is probably
around 17
that's the swing when you pick up on
randa's happen to me you pick up on Rand
at 17 you say oh my gosh I understand
everything now and then you think about
it for a couple years you say I know I
don't know a lot of that doesn't make
any sense
same thing with these books when you
read Nietzsche or so on and so forth but
they talk about defending Western
civilization defending Western culture
there's something glamorous about that
there's something important in to urgent
about Shore but what are you defending
right what is Western culture
what is Western civilization what is it
looking at what is it geared toward and
what are you looking at and what are you
get right something tells me it's not
the same thing right a really really
good point you can't defend Western
civilization by violating all of its
Norman Michael Vols the Michael mol show
is coming on soon and he'll continue
talking about this thanks a lot Michael
is really interesting good to be here
either oh man oh man you know we got it
you know what we should play did I send
you that cut from the 1947 military put
this out after the war after World War
two to get people away from these
philosophies I just want to play this
for a little bit as corny this is from
1947 a guy making the kind of speech
that these right-wingers are making and
the military sort of trying to teach
people how to stay away from it
I see Negroes holding jobs upon me and
you
I asked you we allow this thing to go on
what's going to become of re-enactors I
just kind of talked before but I never
expected to get it in America
promising can always talk we're gonna do
life you'll find it right here in this
little pamphlet the truth about Negroes
and foreigners the truths about the
Catholic Church
you're leaving just kind of tour and
you'll find almost pretty good sense to
me
and I tell you friends we will never be
able to call this country on our old
until it's a country without without
what yeah
without what without needles without
alien foreigners without Catholics well
out Freemasons you know what's wrong
with the Masons I'm a Mason I look for
love talking about me and that makes a
difference doesn't it yes I am what it
says wait a minute donations it's not it
I didn't mind when you're relaxed with
the Jews the Masons I'm amazing and you
know it's it's funny because it's
old-fashioned and corny but it is so so
true that you know this stuff turn will
turn on you as fast it will turn on
anybody else you know it will it'll turn
on you know whatever you think you are
whatever you think protected class you
think you're in one day you let these
guys in and one day they come after you
all right we have a new feature today
our crappy culture there it is
I love it we've even misspelled crappy
and culture which I think excellent
excellent music good job uh you know
this is it is kind of a tough day is a
tough day for comedy Liz perfect it is
it is really a tough day for coming we
haven't even mentioned the two police
officers who died in that chopper crash
while trying to patrol this these events
in Charlottesville so I you know I don't
want to go off too far too far afield
and I want to talk a little bit in our
crappy culture one of the things that is
crappy about our culture is the
mainstreaming the mainstreaming of
bigotry from the left almost exclusively
that has given these clowns on our side
our evil doers it has given our evil
doers shelter ok here is a piece tom
night net PJ media linked to this pieces
from the college fix my college fix
covers you know bad things that are
happening in colleges Stanford
University ok this is one of the premier
universities in the country Stanford
University is slated to offer a class
this fall called white identity politics
during which students will quote survey
the field of whiteness studies and
discuss the quote possibilities of
abolishing whiteness according to the
course descriptions citing pundits who
say quote the 2016 presidential election
marks the rise of white identity
politics in the United States the upper
level anthropology seminar will draw
from the field of whiteness studies and
from contemporary writings that push
whiteness in new directions
questions to be posed throughout the
semester include does white identity
politics exist and how is a concept like
white identity to be understood in
relation to white nationalism white
supremacy white privilege and whiteness
students will consider the perils and
possibilities of different political
practices according to the course
descriptions including abolishing
whiteness or coming to terms with white
identity the course will be taught by
instructor John Patrick Moran reached by
email Moran declined to comment I'll bet
he did
instead directing the college fix to
Stanford Communications office Ernest
Miranda a spokesman for Stanford told
the fix via email that abolishing
whiteness as a concept put forward in
the 1990s by a number of white
historians their belief was that if
other white people would like them stop
identifying politically his wife it
would help end inequalities but let me
ask you this then okay if white people
are supposed to stop identifying as
white are black people supposed to stop
identifying as black because of black
people stop identifying as black the
Democratic Party would disappear if the
Democratic Party could stop would stop
convincing people to identify according
to their race and according to their sex
and according to their identity the
Democrat Party would disappear its
policies don't work its cities are
cesspools for the people they suppose to
help I mean go on look online at any
place where blacks are being shot down
where they're living in squalor where
they're living in desperate situations
see who's been running that city since
like you know twelve hundred and three
you know the places like Chicago
Baltimore st. Louis you know they almost
never have Republican governors or
mayors you know that the fact that this
philosophy this progressive Democrat
socialist philosophy has failed
everywhere and has failed with people
it's supposed to help is very very well
established so the only thing they have
is this grievance politics why on earth
why on earth would black lives matter I
mean if you if you if a Democrat
politician stands up and he says all
lives matter he gets shouted down we've
seen it he gets booed off the state so
what is it
it makes Richard Spencer and these white
Nazis what is it that drives them of
their legitimacy in that world what is
it once you say that black people have a
right to rise up there's black people
why don't white people have a right to
rise up as white people you are eating
the results of your own logic I mean it
is it was it Antonin Scalia who said
that if you want to get rid of racists
you know preferences you have to stop
referring people on the basis of races
it was attacking the permit of action of
course affirmative action is wrong of
course it's wrong it's wrong to see this
is the problem with the
we're always talking about whether
things work or not they always have us
in these kind of conversations about
well does this improve things does this
make life better with the socialism make
life fair
socialism is wrong per se because the
government has no right to take your
property it's your property it has no
right stealing just because the
government does it doesn't make it any
less stealing it is wrong per se racism
is wrong Perseids identifying people
according to their color of their skin
is wrong per se we who believe in God
know why it's wrong but everybody knows
it's wrong we know why it's wrong we
know we were made in the image of God we
know the image of God has different
colors as different races comes from
different places we know that we are
meant to love one another we know
because we are people who believe in God
but even if you don't believe you know
you know this could be true down in your
heart that the idea of attacking
somebody not for what he does but for
what he is
is wrong so why is it that the left has
been allowed to mainstream this idea if
a white cop kills a black guy it's
immediately a racial issue but who says
it was who says it was you know how do
you have proof you have evidence that he
was a racist instead they have accepted
I've said this before they have accepted
the values of the people they think are
oppressors and expect by those values to
get to a different place they think that
there's been so much bigotry against
black people and God knows there
certainly has in this country and in all
countries but this country has had a
specific problem with it it's been so
much bigotry against black people that
all we got to do is have some bigotry
against white people like they're doing
it's Stanford and the scales are going
to balance but all the bigotry all the
bigotry goes in one side of the scale
that is the way it works the reason is
simple it has to do it goes back to
Robert Ely in a way it goes back to the
way the past works the past history
writes itself indelibly into the fabric
of reality every sin every evil every
bad thing that happened writes itself
indelibly into the fabric of what is
going to happen next okay so there's no
getting away from the way that evil
misshapes
the generations but each person who is
born is given a soul of his own with
which to start the world
new okay each person is innocent so when
you say I'm going to fix the bigotry of
the past against blacks by being bigoted
against white people you are harming
innocence the devil does not care who
does the hating as long as the hating
gets done that is the thing so wait so
when you have affirmative action and you
exclude white people you're excluding
innocent white because it's not the guys
who did the crime the guys who did the
crime are gone you cannot change the
past the only way to change the past is
through forgiveness and grace and
letting things go and CS Lewis said it
best he said everyone thinks forgiveness
is a lovely idea until he has something
to forgive okay so it's not easy I know
it's not easy but it is the only way
forward and these guys who think that
black lives matter saying black lives
matter is not racist it all goes in the
same pot it's all racism the
mainstreaming of racism is part of what
is making our crappy culture hopefully
better days ahead but I feel that
there's some troubled waters we're going
to have to get through first we will get
through them it's a great country it's a
great people is a great idea and it will
not go down easily to clowns like these
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we will talk some more
tomorrow
