some of you men out there probably
asking yourself how can I be a good male
feminist some of you men are probably
asking yourself how can I find a woman
who will stick a lit cigarette into my
private parts while whipping me with
barbed wire this is no accounting for
people's tastes but for those of you men
who want to be better feminists for some
reason here are a couple of handy tips
if you want to be a good male feminist
remember always listen to women when
they're blaming you for something this
will save you from ever having to do
anything else but listen to women
blaming you for something if you want to
be a good male feminist never accuse
women of being irrational and hysterical
but instead just stand quietly while
they scream nonsense at you and then do
whatever they tell you if you want to be
a good male feminist never tell a woman
she shouldn't get drunk with a bunch of
men at a college party
that's blaming the victim for the gang
rape that's going to occur while she's
blacked out if you want to be a good
male feminist always encourage a woman
to lean into her professional ambitions
until you make absolutely sure she's
miserable and his wasted her best years
doing something she secretly doesn't
care about and hates you for it if you
want to be a good male feminist you
should be sure to ask a woman for
consent to every step of every sexual
act until you're insistent questioning
just drives her completely out of her
mind and she's practically begging you
to just get on with it
so that 30 years later she can accuse
you of rape and ruin your life so in
conclusion if you want to be a good male
feminist
you're an idiot trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right we're back after a brutal
Kalev endless weekend especially for
Jeff Flake who had his manhood forcibly
ripped from him by a pair of women in an
elevator and put in a jar where it will
be in the feminist museum forever are we
talking about a little bit about that we
also have Michael Knowles with us to
just talk about the fact that men are
taking it on the chin they heard four
men that is just flaring up listen I you
know I always hate to plug myself but if
you enjoy the show please tell a friend
about it and also subscribe to the
Andrew Clavin show on iTunes if that
really helps us and while you're there
leave us a 5-star rating and that also
really helps us in the ratings and makes
me personally happy all right it's
October and you know that means an
important holiday is coming up it's no
more Shay day is coming up October 9th
not many people know about this we're
trying to educate people about the fact
that che guevara
was a mass murderer and you know a
fascist and a killer and a coward and
all kinds of wonderful things so I know
a lot of you out there have been
cherishing your Che Guevara t-shirt it's
just time it's time to give it up it's
like it's really like walking around
with a Heinrich Himmler t-shirt but
while I was you know looking at some of
the you know I was putting up the no
more shade a tree singing some no more
shade a carols but while I was doing
that I found this quote from Che Guevara
which I'd never heard before which
really speaks into this present moment
with Brett Kavanaugh and Che Guevara
said youth should learn to think and act
as a mass it is criminal to think as
individuals it is criminal to think as
individuals and I was thinking what is
it about the left why do they love mobs
why do they love turning us into
thoughtless unthinking mobs and mobs
have certain you know they've
revolutionaries have loved this from you
know the French Revolution at least but
they they're always
depended on mobs to follow their
charismatic leaders and they're angry
grievances and whatever it is they get
the way they bind you together to get
what they want the left has always done
this tyrants have always done it and of
course the reason is in part that when
you are in a mob your identity gets
diffused into the mob and this is what
psychologists say that you're no longer
yourself you're now this group your
conscience gets diffused you no longer
blame yourself for the things that
you're doing it's everybody everybody
was doing and we were all lynching him
you know every everybody was doing it so
it wasn't you and you've got it kind of
takes the moral weight of your actions
off your shoulder and that means you can
be organized into a group of you know us
versus them you can be in that kind of
the moral panic will sweep you along and
and so wherever and what is it the left
is trying to overcome why why do they
need a mob to overrun things for what
they need is American traditions
American jurisprudence they need a mob
to overrun our sense that man is
innocent until proven guilty that we
shouldn't that a person who is accused
of something has a right to find
evidence against him not evidence that
things happen that these things occur it
doesn't matter if other people have been
raped that doesn't mean the man being
accused is a rapist so wherever there is
an injustice whether it's real or
imagined they want to organize us into a
mob so if a cop shoots a guy in Chicago
and the guy is black and the cop is
white they want to organize us into
black and white it's the blacks oh my
gosh Copts white cops are killing blacks
now again and again again and again
studies even by leftist organizations
have shown that cops are not killing
black people they're not killing black
people out of you know out of order of
this it's not it's not happening they've
shown it again and again and yet if you
can convince people that that is going
on you can turn them into a mob and that
is the way that you overcome the breaks
that American society has built on on my
passions I mean this was the great fear
of our founders the mob was the great
fountain fear of our founders they
wanted the people to have power but they
knew the people could be easily
organized into a mob and so they were
afraid of that and that's why they have
all these systems for breaking power for
putting some power over here and some
power over there too
pose it and for everybody to be fighting
with each other so that nobody gets
carried away until this one that and the
left is trying to overcome that so Brett
Kavanaugh they've got the votes on the
committee Jeff Flake if I offend the
feeling Jeff Flake is just not a very
bright man you know that is really what
I feel and I feel that that the Donald
Trump of it all kind of undercut his
vision of the world and he hasn't got
another vision to put there so he
doesn't know what he thinks anymore
there are people telling The Daily wire
behind the scenes this guy has lost his
mind
but he's clearly not a very brave person
so he says that he is going to vote for
Brett Kavanaugh and so they've got the
votes that they need Grassley has the
votes they need to confirm then at the
last minute he gets on an elevator and
these two women attack him and start
screaming at him and he says oh no and
he says it's not this is not why this is
not why he says I know no that didn't
affect me but they start screaming in
his face and we'll get back to the
screaming because it's those two women
we're not just ordinary women who walked
in off the street these were these they
meant to do this they were paid
operatives doing this but flake just
collapsed and he said all right well you
know the the Democrats have been trying
to do everything they can to delay the
vote just because they want to get to
the midterms they hope they can take
back the Senate they hope they can keep
Trump from having any more Supreme Court
picks or anything else if they get the
Senate they'll stop him from doing
anything so he caves in he says all
right we've got to have an FBI
investigation now this FBI investigation
is nonsense it doesn't mean anything the
most telling clue that this FBI
investigation doesn't mean anything was
an article an op-ed written by your old
friend James Comey in The New York Times
a former newspaper former head of the
FBI in a former newspaper writing an
op-ed that says the FBI can do this and
he starts out with his long self-serving
paragraph about how impartial he is
people kept calling him partial people
kept saying that he was for the
Democrats and not for the Republicans
the rest of the op-ed is an attack on
the Republicans he says we live in a
world where the president routinely
attacks the FBI because he fears it's
work he calls for his enemies to be
prosecuted and his friends free we live
in a world with a president is an
accused serial abuser of women who is
caught on tape bragging about his
ability to assault women that by the way
is not true he was caught on tape saying
that women would allow you to do things
if you were a celebrity that is not
assault that is women allowed that's why
I think that's why women got so angry
most disturbingly we live in a world
where millions of Republicans and their
representatives think everything I just
said is okay so he hates the Republicans
he says the FBI is up for this it's not
as hard as Republicans hope it will be
Republicans hope they can't find the
truth so he's already telling you what
he thinks he's already telling you what
he thinks the FBI is going to find this
is a shameful disgraceful thing for a
former FBI the Trump was so right to
fire this guy he should have fired him
and then kicked him you know they like
don't let the door hit you on the way
out
should I kicked them in the back side as
he was leaving he says they hit listen
to this this is James Comey this guy led
the FBI FBI agents know time has very
little to do with memory they they know
every married person remembers the
weather on their wedding day no matter
how long ago significance drives memory
they also know that little lies point to
bigger lies all of that is untrue all of
that is untrue people you know they do
this to guys in court all the time he
says I guy says I saw a murder I saw
this I saw it mr. X murder mr. Y and
they say did you lie on your resume in
1982 guesses yeah I was needed a job C
well if you lied then you would lie now
so everything he says is wrong it is not
true it is not true that member that
time doesn't affect memory time does all
kinds of crazy things with memory ten
minutes can affect your memory and make
you think you saw something that you
didn't see he really turned out to be an
intellectual thug this guy he's a guy
who just uses his pretense of honor and
dignity to to bully other people
meanwhile Rachel Mitchell the prosecutor
that the Republicans brought into
question
Christine Blasi Ford she gave a report
to the Republicans now they brought her
in to get the truth they didn't bring
her in she didn't say this in public
they brought her in to get at the truth
and she said of Christine Blasi Ford he
said she said remember this is a woman
trained in prosecuting the these sexual
cases he said she said case is
incredibly difficult to prove but this
case is even even weaker than that dr.
Ford identified other witnesses to the
event and those witnesses either refuted
her allegations or failed to corroborate
them for the reasons discussed below I
do not think that a reasonable
prosecutor would bring this case based
on the evidence before the committee nor
do I believe that this evidence is
sufficient to satisfy the preponderance
of the evidence standard which means you
don't even have to prove it beyond a
shadow of a doubt you just have to bring
in a lot of evidence doesn't matter Jeff
Flake caves listen to Jeff Flake and
listen to what the women say is Jeff
Flake gets into the elevator and these
women accost him listen to what is what
is Jim Brett Kavanaugh have to do with
this woman why is Jeff Flake telling
this woman anything about herself she is
saying I was assaulted and therefore if
you let somebody else who's been accused
of assault and parent according to this
prosecutor not very credibly who's been
accused of this what you were saying
something about me and this is the left
wing line now just so you know that was
annamaria archila and Maggie Gallagher
of the two women and according to John
Fund who's an excellent reporter
reliable reporter our killer is an
executive director of the Center for
popular democracy she had spent the
previous week in Washington engaged in
protests against Kavanagh she's a
Gallagher as a 23 year old activist with
the group the center is a left-wing
group that is heavily funded by guess
who George Soros so these are Soros
operatives doing what Soros wants them
to do and I mean I think that that's
important to know it's a tactic and
what's the tactic the tactic is to make
Brett Kavanaugh the symbol of all
rapists not an individual accused of a
certain crime hey you know I was talking
to the people at Neeson and
make these wonderful this wonderful
kitchen cookware they sent me a couple
of knives these things are so good what
they were saying to me is any just like
any other job having the right tools can
make all the difference in cooking just
like with any other job now I am a
fix-it guy I can fix almost anything and
I really really believe in tools I mean
tools are just so important these knives
are incredible I am NOT a good cook but
the one thing I can make is I can make
omelettes and I go home from the show
almost every day and make myself an
omelet I got to cut up all this stuff
and I've been using these Me's and
knives and they're just incredible they
have one knife that does it all a giant
knife sets can be a waste of space in
your kitchen and money in your wallet
but the museum knife
can replace 99% of what all knives in
your big stand set can do you can
replace all old dull knives in your
kitchen save space it's a better knife
and with a better knife you get better
cooking the New York Times calls it the
holy grail of knives I've tried this
knife I don't know how I ever did
anything but I'm really really is so
much better than the other knives I've
got cooking is faster and actually more
fun and now you can also join in on the
fun in the kitchen my listeners will
receive 20% off their order simply by
going to me z'n dot-com / Andrew use my
code Andrew at mi sen dot c - Oh /
Andrew I'm sorry it's not com
it's - it's me--some dot co / Andrew Mis
en co / Andrew reason dot Co / Andrew
and don't forget to use that code so the
whole point here is to make Brett
Kavanaugh a symbol of all rapists
instead of the person that he is and and
she went on TV this woman Adam annamaria
who confronted him she went on TV
annamaria Keeler she went on TV and this
is what she said we have a culture that
fundamentally doubts women in every
respect our ability to lead our ability
to be part to exercise power our ability
to control our bodies Brett Kavanaugh
represents that he represents a culture
that fundamentally does not believe that
women are equal and that's why he's so
dangerous and he has expressed that in
his actions as a young boy actions that
he's unwilling to take responsibility
for and
he has expressed that in his politics I
think he's dangerous to the country not
just because he is accused of with very
credible allegations of having violated
several women but he is also dangerous
because the work of justice is about
recognizing when harm happens taking
responsibility for that harm and
beginning to repair it if he's not able
to do that in his own life he should not
be sitting in the highest court of the
land
so now Kavanagh represents the entire
culture now compare that to what
Kellyanne Conway said to Jake Tapper as
they're covering this because she said
she was a victim of sexual assault but
listen to her conclusion I feel very
empathetic frankly for victims of sexual
assault and sexual harassment and rape
dad I'm a victim of sexual assault I
don't expect judge Kavanaugh or Jake
Tapper or Jeff Flake or anybody to be
held responsible for that you have to be
responsible for your own conduct I this
is not Bill Cosby those those
comparisons on your network are a
disgrace and the anchor should have
called them out this is not even Bill
Clinton you have you have Senate
Judiciary Committee members who refused
to remove Bill Clinton from office after
he received oral sex in the Oval Office
and lied about it to a grand jury as
president United States the hypocrisy is
ridiculous and if not one Senate
Judiciary Committee member changes his
or her vote because of what they learned
from the FBI investigation that tells
you all you need to know about what the
president and Judge Cavanaugh has has
said as a sham let's just be honest what
this is well it's all partisan politics
all women can't you know I want those
women so everyone covered the fact that
she was sexually assaulted she hadn't
told that before but the real story
there was she said I'm an individual and
an individual attack me that individual
is responsible we are all responsible
for our own actions
that was what Che Guevara doesn't want
you to know that's what the left doesn't
want you to believe you know what I
really think we need here is I think we
need a little history we need a little
history so just to make just to make put
this in context and make us understand
who's talking to us and I'll tell you
why I'm so suspicious of
why I find it hard to take them
seriously one of the great moments in
the hearings was Lindsey Graham going
off on his fellow senators Lindsey
Graham being sparked actual spartacus
spartacus would have been proud to be
Lindsey Graham Spartacus would have
start and said I'm I'm Lindsey Graham
here's Windsor Graham this is the most
unethical sham since I've been in
politics and if you really wanted to
know the truth you sure as hell wouldn't
have done what you've done to this guy
are you a gang rapist
no I cannot imagine what you and your
family were going through boy y'all want
power god I hope you never get it I hope
the American people can see through this
sham that you knew about it and you held
it you had no intention of protecting
dr. fort none she's as much of a victim
as you are god I hate to say it cuz
these have been my friends but let me
tell you when it comes to this you're
looking for a fair process you came to
the wrong town at the wrong time my
friend do you consider this a job
interview the advise and consent role is
like a job consider that you've been
through a job interview I've been
through a process of advice and consent
under the Constitution would you say
you've been through hell I've been
through hell and then some okay so now
then by the way all now what they say
was a week you have rape and then you
get angry you look angry you look angry
so now Lindsey Graham goes on George
Stephanopoulos and listen to this
exchange it appears that the FBI will
not be invested will not be questioning
those College witnesses who contradict
Brett Cavanaugh's testimony about his
drinking now isn't that a relevant given
that there clearly was drinking going on
at least it's alleged at the party no I
think you're trying to portray him as a
stumbling bumbling drunk gang rapist who
during high school in college was Bill
Cosby six FBI background checks over the
years would have a
this okay now I want you to remember who
George Stephanopoulos is and I'm gonna
get to the point of this here is a
George Stephanopoulos from a documentary
called the war room the war room was
built by Hillary Clinton to defend Bill
Clinton from the accusations of women
credible accusations that he had
assaulted exposed himself to and even
raped here is George Stephanopoulos in
1992 bullying a reporter to kill a story
about an affair that Bill Clinton was
having during the elections I guarantee
you that if you do this you're never
working democratic politics again maybe
I don't want it I'm not saying it
matters you would be embarrassed for the
National Press school
people will think nobody will believe
you and people will think it's coming
that the alternative is you don't do it
it causes you some temporary pain with
people who tomorrow aren't gonna matter
and you have a campaign that understands
in a difficult time you did something
right and you know that's important I
mean it doesn't mean anything we can't
do anything for you specifically or
anything like that but you you know that
you did the right thing and you didn't
dishonor yourself George Stephanopoulos
working for Hillary Clinton Hillary
Clinton who went on Matt Lauer's show to
say that the women should be
investigated Matt Lauer who is now
accused of assaulting so many women one
of whom he turned over a chair and was
in the middle of taking her when she
fainted and needed medical attention
that's who's reporting on these stories
that's who's putting together and and
and that that's just ABC ins and an NBC
at CBS we had Charlie Rose doing the
same thing can we not be a little
suspicious can we not be a little
suspicious of the way this narrative is
unfolding we're being told from mr.c
that only four percent of their time is
spent giving Cavanaugh's side of the
story only four percent and it can't we
be a little bit suspicious these are the
people who buried Teddy Kennedy telling
us what a wonderful the heavens were
weeping for Teddy Kennedy today said
Andrea Mitchell the if he had lived if
she had lived Mary Jo Kopechne II who he
left to drown would would have been
given a lot of comfort in her old age
from the laws
by Teddy Kennedy and we not be a little
suspicious of the narrative these people
are sending or selling us these are the
abusers these are the abusers trying to
tell us that we're the bad guys it's
utterly ridiculous all right you know
Ann Coulter has a great the thing I like
about Ann Coulter is that she's such a
blushing reticent flower you know she
never comes out and actually says what
she means she's so she's so delicate and
no I'm kidding she's just she is just
will unleash on anybody when I first
heard about Ann Coulter I remember
thinking that in the old days you know
if you went to the movies and you saw a
smart talking tough beautiful blonde
right you would think oh that's the hero
of the movie but when when the left
meets a smart talking tough beautiful
blonde in real life what do they do they
run for the hills they hate her they
hate her so she wrote a piece called no
more mister white guy because this is
another way this is another way in which
the left is trying to organize us into
gangs they start attacking white people
she begins I play this on the air last
weeks he begins by just reciting all the
things that people have said they know
the optics of 11 white men questioning
dr. Ford will be so harmful says a CNN
legal analyst they understand they have
all these were white men who would be
questioning this woman says Gloria
borders another CNN analyst a
congressman says women across this
nation should be outraged at what these
white men they're doing and she goes on
and on and she says you know and then
Ann says as the Supreme Court
confirmation hearing resumes this week
for judge Brett Kavanaugh it's clear
that the Republicans are simply too
white to get the job done
I suggest the Republicans sign up some
outside help the way baseball teams make
late season acquisitions of pitchers and
designated hitters for the playoffs they
can get some black men and then she
starts listing all the black men who
have been accused and convicted of
hurting women reverend al sharpton bill
cosby keith ellison whose story by the
way he's accused of beating his wife and
beating his girlfriend and they're just
like completely burying that story but
she says what is the thinking behind
snickering at white men judging an
accusation of sexual assault the chuck
Grassley is a rapist you can be for rape
or against it she says I happen to be
against it but the
idea that alleged sexual assault
survivors need the loving care of black
Indiana Hispanic men to judge their
stories flies in the face of crime
statistics from around the globe in the
history of the world she says there has
never been a more Pacific less rapey
creature than the white male of Western
European descent so she quickly comes
out but the thing is they set the rules
if the left sets the rules that they can
be racist they can attack white people
and is right she can respond in kind and
they are certainly setting the rules of
dividing us certainly male and female
let us talk about that with one of our
nominal males I think he's a male is
Michael Michael Aiken you you identify
as male don't you I identify as it
depends when I'm on my MSNBC show I
identify as a woman but now I identify
as a male you were citizen of the sexual
universe I think that's and also the
host of the Michael Knoll show which you
know it is for men and women both I
think right so I mean one of the reasons
I have a prettier you a video out today
called who needs feminism and its attack
on feminism I'm an anti-feminist and one
of the reasons I hate feminism is
because it blames men for things that
are just part of nature and it blames
men for the journey of women to the
place that they are now which only
happened because of men because men
invented things because men had ideas
that that basically liberated women when
the technology was available and yet
they hate us as that is a fair to say
the feminism is selling an anti male
story how dare you - it's just like
young man forgot that you identify as
something it it is now true to say
feminism is anti male not just auntie
this guy or not just anti that guy anti
male and this was always the K we would
always say oh feminism they seem to be
so angry and against men and whatever
and they would say well that's not true
femme feminism as this feminism is that
they now it is now common among
feminists Twitter and feminist articles
to say hashtag men are trash is it
really yeah or hash
Tagg hate man yeah these go these are
very common it's true at every level
it's true from the activist level it's
true in the media it's true in academia
it's true in politics and it's true in
the government you have all of these
examples so I think the most blatant one
comes from the media came out from the
Washington Post fairly recently from
Suzanna Danuta Walters a professor of
sociology and director of women's gender
and sexuality studies at Northeastern
University she had a piece out that
asked why can't we hate men that was the
headline why not why not and she and
Judd by the way just in case you want to
blame the editor of that piece and say
it was just a titillating headline she
writes in the article quote we have
every right to hate you you've done us
wrong hashtag because patriarchy it is
long past time to play hard for Team
feminism and to win it's not just the
Washington Post the New York Times
recently hired a Sarah Jong yeah to
their editorial board sarah jong i can't
read everything that she wrote on
twitter because this is a family program
but she did say white men are bull she
said oh man it's sick how much joy I get
out of being cruel to old white men well
those are some of the more polite things
that she's said about men goes on and on
and on there was a there was an outcry
from reasonable people mean to say
conservatives to say are you really
gonna let this woman on your board they
said absolutely and then Twitter which
is now censoring hate speech gave her a
little checkmark because she's now a big
important person you know and whenever
you accuse them of this whenever you
actually hold this stuff up to them they
always say well it's not all feminists
it's just this feminists here and that
feminists there but that to me is like a
mobster saying we're not all hitmen the
only we only have one or two hitmen but
you know they control everybody you know
they if you have these people and you
don't denounce them when one of them
you're with them that's right and you
say it's not all feminists it's just the
public ones yeah I would even say it's
just their leaders but it's not even
just their leaders its leaders of
feminists in all of these areas so the
one excuse there's a magazine I probably
can't even say this on here a female dog
magazine and they said that all of these
things hashed
hey tall man hashtag manage rush it's
just performative misandry but well it
is certainly being performed but then
you look at people like that Hawaii
senator mazie Hirono who says men need
to shut up it's time for them to shut
their mouths and do something good for a
change you know other than creating
civilization other than that other than
forming our politics I mean is it and
what do you think she will pay any price
for that with an electorate that I
assume is half male
well I yeah I think her poll numbers
will go up because her her base I mean
Hawaii is quite far to the left and so
her base are these feminist men and
women and these you know there were 1600
men who took out an ad in The New York
Times full-page ad just say that they
believe all women and there are the good
ones there you know they're not the bad
guys and but it goes it's all over the
place even the ones who say we're just
kidding Huffington Post at a piece on
this what women mean when we say that
men are trash is to quote it can
actually be directly translated into
masculinity as in transition and it's
not moving
effing fast enough and this is what
they're really talking about this is
where academia is coming in this is
where these senators senator Hirono is
coming in is they're saying no no it's
not it's not all of masculinity it's
toxic masculinity that's right yeah
toxic masculine CDC has studied toxic
masculinity and but what they what they
define it as it comes from hegemonic
masculinity this is a gender theory
which is that hegemonic masculinity from
our W Connell formerly Robert Connell
he's a transgender guy who's now he's
now a academic and he says that it's the
oppressive characteristics of
masculinity boys and men must assume and
perform to be considered a real man we
want to separate what defending the
country and right not fires and things
like going out taking care of your
family I don't know and so that's what
they're getting at and they and then as
a result of all this academia all of
this activism we're getting these bogus
statistics the CDC is saying that in a
mirror
one in five women is raped oh come on if
that were they I mean apparently they
might be studying downtown Fallujah or
Chicago yeah or Chicago but according to
the National Crime Victimization survey
that the actual number is an order of
magnitude less at the most so you've got
in a in a culture where you've got it
where it's permeated by lies lies by the
media lies by politicians lies by
academia you're going to get a culture
that says men are trash the trouble is
the reality just doesn't match up all
right I got to stop you there I've got
to say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
but come on over to the Daily wire calm
and while you are there subscribe for a
lousy ten bucks a month or allows you a
hundred bucks will get you a full year
plus the leftist tears tumblr everybody
must have a leftist years tumblr to
collect their leftist ears however you
want to just drink them out of your
hands so come on over to the daily wire
comm and subscribe so you're saying the
reality is just not there the reality is
just not there but it does create a
pretty ugly politics when I mean this is
you know this is a tension that goes
back to the ancient Greeks said that
we're getting a sort of lice estrada
situation there was the BBC ran this
interview with a few mothers and the
question was why his feminism affected
the mother-son bond a mother was
interviewed she said she was furious
because she gave her her little boy
gender-neutral toys you know dolls to
play with her this or that but he
gravitated toward the traditionally male
toys guns an army man that sort of thing
and she's furious over this what is she
to do I mean they've done a million
studies about this and kids do this
without any training whatsoever yeah of
course they do and I gotta tell you your
Praeger video it's come at at the right
time because last year feminism was the
merriam-webster a word of the year this
is the end unsurprisingly so but I can't
imagine that this can go on forever
there's got to be a turning point here
because what they're doing is is they're
creating this this sense of panic based
on lies and and slander and they're in
this case obviously destroying a good
man's reputation in brick
how long can that persist before people
of good faith and reasonable people and
half of half of the global population
those men say we could we can no longer
tolerate this this is vicious this is
vile this is based on lies you know it's
funny I had friends who had two boys and
they wouldn't let them play with guns so
the boys took a piece of Wonder Bread
bit out the center and made it into a
gun and shot each other
Michael moles from the Michael moles
show thanks so much for coming on a
great job and I will be listening to
your show later on good a Feder of night
uh you know one of the things I've
noticed about young men I work around a
lot of people who are much younger than
I am and I've noticed that when we talk
about women as which is what men talk
about you know men talk a lot about
women that we say the same thing we
notice that women have the same traits
we can see them with our eyes and
experience them in life but the younger
men are angry about it the younger men
are angry about the trace of women and
older men tend to talk about the trace
of women with great affection so if you
say that women for example women are
more emotional than men that is true
women are more emotional than men most
of us older guys kind of find that
charming and delightful news and it's
kind of softens our lives to have a
woman in our life softens our lives a
little bit because it reminds us that
emotions do play a part in life and we
should pay attention to that the younger
guys feel somehow cheated by this and of
course it only took me a while to figure
out the reason it is the younger guys
had not been told nobody told them
everybody told them men and women are
the same any difference you see is
societally induced okay and so they're
angry when they've been cheated they've
been lied to the same is true of women
it used to be that women told their
daughters watch out for men they have a
very very powerful sex drive they lose
their heads they do stupid stuff they're
sometimes cruel some of them are bad
guys you have to really pay attention to
this you know and and once you knew that
you understood that when you were
dealing with a good man when you were
dealing with a man who didn't behave
that way you were dealing with somebody
who had a lot of restraint somebody who
had been trained to respect other people
to understand that women were in fact
other people you know and I think this
is very hard it's very hard for young
men when they are awash in testosterone
to get that through their heads it is
very hard not that for them not to think
like target you know there's the thar
target female target female that's who
that's everything in there
tell him to do that so girls were warned
and they were told and then they learned
that men most men most men are pretty
good you know most men are pretty decent
especially when they're sober most men
are pretty decent and they they learned
to respect that as well and they learned
to respect a man's power and they
learned to respect his restraint if you
lie about what people are it makes
people angry when they discover the
truth this is one of the biggest
problems with the left is they want to
lie they want to tell us things aren't
the way they are oh Islam it's the
religion of peace you know they want to
tell us that and then you get twice as
angry and you start generalizing twice
as more it twice twice as much instead
of saying oh you know some some forms of
Islam are not so peaceful you get
furious at everybody and this is the
state we find us ourselves in they have
lied to us the feminists lied to us
about what men are they lied to us about
what women are and now everybody is
ticked off at one another and that's not
the way it should be
this the relationship between the sexes
should be one of the chief joys of life
all right it is time for our crappy
culture
so kanye west's god love the man went on
set Saturday Night Live he was a late
replacement on Saturday Night Live to
host it and when it was at the toward
the end of it he put on a Maggie had and
he went on and this part was cut out I
think this did not make the final cut he
went on and gave a kind of speech all
they do is call it a rant how you can
tell when Kanye West's ranting as
opposed to when he's speaking I have no
idea but Kanye West went on and it's
kind of hard to hear but let's play a
little bit of it anyway
to take the father's have the home and
promote welfare if I know about that as
a democratic claim it's so many times
I've talked to like a white person about
this namesake have too much want these
races well uh if I start about race to
the moment America we don't just make a
decision
so he's basically he's kind of half
wrapping half talking he says I want to
cry right now a black man in America is
supposed to keep what you feel inside
right now he says and he says the blacks
all want always Democrats she says you
know it's like the plan they did to take
the father's out of the home and promote
welfare does anybody know about that
that's a democratic plan that's not a
rant that is actually a kind of a truth
of what he's talking about is back in
the 60s or 70s when they were designing
welfare Daniel Patrick Moynihan said you
know if you do this you are basically
promoting the dissolution of the family
because you're going to pay people they
were repeatedly warned that you were
paying essentially people to have
children out of wedlock and if the
father's there they lose their welfare
and it in fact worked out that way the
black family has been virtually
destroyed they are now more black
children being raised in single-parent
homes than there were when the Democrats
who were the slave owners back in the
day when the Democrats were actually
breaking up families intentionally so
there's more now more legitimacy more
single parents and in black communities
than there were during slavery days when
Democrats were actually selling families
apart and making sure to break them up
so he's actually right about this so
people booed and people applauded you
know three to two or three people
applauded and people were shocked and
all this stuff and he's and and he said
the County of West said they bullied me
backstage they said don't go out there
with that hat on they bullied me
backstage they bullied me and then they
say I'm in a sunk in place here's the
thing why is this why is it even news
that Kanye West supports Donald Trump
why is that even news first of all Trump
has improved the lives of black people
in this country economically is
certainly true why is it even news that
a rapper is supporting them it's news
because the left insists on monopolizing
the culture it is not the fans that they
think like oh you know we're really good
at culture so we're gonna cut it is that
they insist on monopolizing it every
single comedian on TV is left-wing every
single one every late-night comedian
there's not one show and if there were a
show if there were a show that had a
comedian who was Pro Trump it would
drive everybody crazy when Fox News
came along foxnews has like 1/10 I think
of the ratings of the networks that the
network's have like 10 times the ratings
of Fox
why is Fox stuck in people head people's
heads because they're the only people
there are the only people saying what
they're saying they're the only place
you can go to hear Sean Hannity's point
of view the only place you can go to
watch at the bret baier news program
which is the most honest program on TV
it doesn't have a right-wing slant and
the the point that point here is that on
the right
I don't want right-wing culture I don't
want every comedian to be a right winger
I don't want comedians to be
right-wingers or left wingers I think
you can laugh at everybody in politics
you really can because they're all what
they are what we see in front of us
they're all pretty funny but they want
monopoly they want only one side to
speak they want silence on the other
side and we have let them get away with
it and it really really has been a
mistake they because of that it's
because of that that if they can sell
this Brett Kavanaugh narrative it's
because of that that the conversation we
are always reacting to the conversation
never making the conversation it's
because they monopolize the culture and
insist on monopolizing it that we are
always fighting a rearguard action
against left-wing tyranny and we have to
keep it up until we take over the
mainstream all right that's it I got to
say goodbye I will be back again
tomorrow I'm speaking up in Santa
Barbara at Westmont College my old
hunting my old stomping grounds of Santa
Barbara an I used to go to West Monster
Church up there if you're in the
neighborhood drop by and see me if not
come back here tomorrow and we will be
back right here on Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austin Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
