when you say money in politics and again
I ask you Buddy Roemer gave you four
million dollars to start TYT what did he
expect in return should he not have
given you money with money not speech it
was just money I throws with a hooker I
assume so are you the prostitute how
does this work
you can't run ads within a certain
period of time your public financing
versus private financing those are rules
around the election that is completely
different issue than the government's
saying randomly you can and can't invest
in businesses while you're conflating
those two issues that have nothing new
with one another why so we're clear why
me because you go there because hey why
you know you believe in education I
believe in health care because it's a
but because it's a free country and I
get to spend my money wherever I damn
well please my point is that overall if
you're talking about the level of
government spending it needs to go down
and you believe that really needs to go
up okay so it's it's not on Ward those
no but all not on the war on drugs
I don't think so many of those ways over
all throughout whether look overall you
want the federal budget increased
overall I would like the federal budget
decreased to pretend that this is not
true is to lie okay and when you suggest
that there is no difference between you
know we just have different visions of
what the government should cover these
things cost different things
okay the war in Iraq was very expensive
you know it's more expensive Social
Security Medicare and Medicaid
all of these are baffling more expensive
than the warranty period is this myth
that spending is inherently better for
an economy than saving it's only true if
you're talking about somebody's actually
taking the cash you're shoving it into
their mattress banks are in the business
of lending when they take the money in
they don't just stick it in Al Gore's
fake lockbox they actually lend the
money back out to people to actually
create new businesses and new products
you had an investor right when you start
a TYC
you were given four million dollars my
buddy roemer to start typ
that's great that's the way business
should work right but that money has
then come from money to poor people
buying hamburgers it came from a very
very wealthy guy who gave you money to
create a business a lot of people want
to patronize if you want better products
and better services you need more
investment in the products and services
nicknamed trickle-down economics
the basic name is trickle-down economics
is not something that any conservative
even proposed it's a leftist revision of
what economics actually is because
you're not giving me the money it was my
money in the first place created through
voluntary transactions that I had with
others I've not stolen money from either
from anyone neither have you and the
idea that money has to be forcibly taken
from you and handed to somebody at the
bottom end of the economic spectrum
somehow jobs the economy that made job
McDonald's but it's not going to jog all
of the creation of the products and
services that make all of our lives much
better today than they were 30 years ago
in terms of the stuff we have access to
the problem with medicare-for-all is
that when people say that it's
affordable this isn't affordable to the
person who has the Medicare it is not
affordable to the country
in fact it's so unaffordable to the
country that the state of California was
a nutjob leftist state just refused to
even pass Medicare for all because it
would have immediately doubled the debt
as far as the idea that Medicare that
medical care is a right but it's not
actually a good or a service this is a
way to make things less plentiful if you
declare things right but you don't
actually incentivize the creation of
those things you don't get more of them
so the South African Constitution has
right in there that health care is a
right that housing is a right the fact
is that you don't have good housing or
health care in South Africa because just
declaring things rights does not make
them appear what makes more things
appear it's a market-based system that
creates more doctors that creates more
medical care that creates more incentive
for people to join up this is why I say
that it is better to treat things as
good than is right because declaring
something of right just means that you
have the right to steal it from me
but declaring something a good means you
get a market process that leads to lower
prices and better care over time and the
big problem we've had before Obamacare
is that it was already treated quasi as
a right you had it heavily regulated on
the state level it is continually
heavily regulated it was a completely
unregulated market is absolutely
nonsense the reason you have
employer-based health insurance in the
first place was as a response to wage
and price controls placed in the
aftermath of world war ii and employers
began giving health insurance as an
actual good right they gave it as an
actual incentive to their employees if
you had an actual individual based
health insurance market you bought it
just like you bought your car insurance
you would see more
better healthcare for everyone I think I
think that the greatest ally that the
Republicans have is the incompetence and
stupidity of the Democratic Party the
the 2016 in fact I have a feeling that
shank actually might agree with me on
this the 2016 election Donald Trump
became President of the United States
right Hillary Clinton was the worst
candidate in the history of mankind and
that had so you know the Republican
message I never thought was a
particularly losing message I just think
that what we have right now is such a
polarized politics but it's going to be
very difficult for anybody to pass
anything in this climate I also think
that what we have almost a reactionary
feel on both sides like what I like
about the surveys that were actually
talking about ideas which is actually
pretty rare in this in this in this
sphere well what's become more common is
that on the left there's this retreat to
intersectionality is in identity
politics this idea that if we can cobble
together a group of people who are
feeling victimized by American society
you know we have black people and we
have a static people and we have women
we have gays and lesbians and
transgenders and they all feel really
bad about how American politics is going
if we push that notion we can create a
coalition there'll be a brand new
coalition never before seen in American
politics and that requires a woman to
run or that requires a black woman to
run or that requires a minority to run
if they do that then what you're going
to see from and I think an equally nasty
way from the right is a response and
says okay well if you're going to do
identity politics you will see some
white identity politics from the right
which i think is really negative I don't
want to see either of those things but I
would like to see is the Democrats
campaign on the bigger on the on the
stronger involvement of government in
your life and higher taxes program that
chanc wants them to campaign on the
Bernie Sanders or was the foreign
program and I would like to see the
Republicans campaign on my program a
smaller government libertarian program
that says the government should get as
much out of our lives as much as humanly
possible as far as the idea that all
money should be out of politics here is
the problem
kyt i we both have corporations and we
expand upon politics every single day
and we motivate thousands of people
right every day on both sides of the
aisle that is effectively an in-kind
contribution now I you campaigned with
Bernie Sanders did you do it because you
expect it that's fine did you expect did
you do that because you supported Bernie
Sanders or did you do that because you
expected some gimme 40 why
see in return I assume you did because
you supported Bernie Sanders right yes
so okay so the point that I am making is
to attribute to everyone else bad intent
when it comes to political spending in
politics but to yourself it's totally
fine when it comes to other media
entities that give in-kind contributions
on a regular basis from their coverage
visits when the New York Times when the
New York Times which is biased to the
left spend an inordinate amount of time
and money reporting on Mitt Romney's
idiotic stories about how he's in high
school and cutting a gay kids hair in
1932 if you're saying to me that that is
less impactful on the political sphere
than a corporation which is a group
giving money to a to a political
candidate for purposes of supporting
that candidate I fail to see how you can
say for yourself that you are innocent
in this but everyone else is guilty I
don't believe that either everyone's
guilty or everybody is innocent or if
you can find the actual cases of guilt
where there's a quid pro quo then we
agree that's prosecutable there's many
things you can't do with your money and
one of those should be bribing
politicians but we made it legal I'm
curious what your opinion on that is do
you think that they're just golly jux
change I just mean well I think you're a
lawyer so you know that bribery requires
two parties to the bribe if I give money
to a politician there must be something
in return if there is no quid pro quo
there is no bribery there's loving in
return well you're doing the politicians
don't know no I think very often there
is something in return but I want you to
point me to the things that are in
return not just say that all spending on
politics ought to be forbidden except
for the young turks know this of course
I will we say if you if you want to get
money out of politics and then you said
The Young Turks cannot donate money to
politicians I'd say of course no point
to be any money out of politics
okay you can't go this idea that you
well hey what come on it's so
disingenuous you mean even if you're a
Republican and you are conservative you
think there isn't cony capitalism you
think that that four point four trillion
dollars that went is subsidies - is it
because they got campaign donations you
know it's because they got campaign
donation okay okay final question here
be the last word I don't think
okay final question on this so young
versus super six outs we have 80 million
uniques it's wonderful do you think
Bernie Sanders would care more if you
gave him ten thousand dollars or if you
dedicated your entire network to kissing
has asked for an election cycle
