so let's talk about the white
supremacist first of all let me stay
without fear or equivocation that any
movement that burns tiki torches but
doesn't serve mai tais is clearly on the
wrong track also there's the whole
hateful racist dirtbag thing that's not
so good either secondly in their latest
rally many of these white supremacists
were chanting Jews will not replace us
if that's true it's a tremendous
disappointment after all if we could
replace white supremacists with Jews the
IQ of the country would rise
dramatically and more people would be
doctors and lawyers instead of sitting
around in their mothers basements
pleasuring themselves while staring at
pictures of Hitler and calling a date
night so if they really cared about this
country I believe the white supremacist
would rethink their Jews will not
replace us philosophy and maybe change
their slogan to please replace us with
Jews as quickly as possible and here's
another thing this Hitler character
these white supremacists are so fond of
I'm not sure he was as great a guy as
they think he was I mean sure he was a
creepy little lunatic who caused the
needless deaths of over 60 million
people but his career wasn't all roses
after all the man promised Germany a
thousand-year Reich and instead turned
the place into a rubble-strewn vacant
lot so it's not exactly a success story
maybe instead of waving those swastika
flags of theirs the white supremacist
should wave flags that say let's give a
big ixnay to the whole Nazi business so
we don't kill everyone and destroy the
country like Hitler did hopefully
they'll be smart enough to do that after
we replace them with Jews and now let's
talk about blacks I hear some people
saying okay black men and women are
among the most talented artists and
athletes our country has produced blacks
have been great thinkers like Thomas Sol
and world-renowned statesmen like Martin
Luther King but some of these radical
black protesters are violent racist
dirtbags themselves so why can't white
people be violent racist dirtbags too
well I think the white supremacist have
proved that white people can indeed be
violent racist dirtbags
so congratulations white people if I
understand this philosophy right white
supremacists feel that white people are
the best people ever and in fact I can
think of many white people I admire very
much Isaac Newton was a good one William
Shakespeare
and I'm very fond of my wife as well
after all Newton invented science and
Shakespeare created great literature and
my wife is one of the nicest people you
could meet so that makes white people
look pretty good unfortunately when you
add in a bunch of white people carrying
swastika is enchanting hateful racist
garbage it lowers the white person
average until we're no better than
anyone else so in conclusion if white
supremacists want to make the white race
supreme they should stop being white
supremacist although I'd still prefer to
replace them with Jews
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
