we just want to jump right into it
because I know that our audience has
been waiting with bated breath ever
since I announced this morning on
Twitter that we would be having on the
author of the Google memo the infamous
Google memo the most important document
since the Magna Carta James d'amour is
joining us right now he of course was a
senior engineer at Google until he made
the mistake of penning an eminently
correct scientific treatise on the
differences between men and women and
why that may contribute in part to
discrepancies in terms of the levels of
employment and wages at Google between
women and men and then of course Google
found out about his wrong thing and he
was fired James thanks so much for
joining the program yeah thankful okay
so let me just jump right in here
and I want to ask you begin to start
you've alleged that there's actually
some illegal activity going on at Google
because that's why presumably that you
should be in trouble for firing you
because it's an at-will state California
snail State anybody can be fired for
anybody any reason but according to the
National Labor Relations Board you
cannot be fired if your whistleblowing
so what is the purported illegal
activity that's going on at Google that
you are attempting to expose so part of
it is that they treat people differently
in the hiring process depending on what
their race or gender is and some teams
will preferentially choose certain
groups
okay so you've also said that they have
these sort of super-secret diversity
sessions in which they discuss all of
this can you take us inside one of those
what does that look like from the inside
it's just a group of all these people
talking about the benefits of diversity
and how much they love diversity and all
the sexism and racism that happens and
how we have to try to fix that okay we
know that Google has spent some two
hundred and sixty five million dollars
apparently trying to increase their
diversity ratios and this of course has
been a wild fail well I've read your
memo at least three times now because I
just want to make sure I'm not crazy
because if you watch the media coverage
of your memo it is not in any way
related to the actual contents of the
memo the media's made a bunch of
different claims about the memo they've
said that you were saying in the memo
that women are biologically unfit for
tech that was a Chiron on CNN were you
making the claim James d'amore a Google
memo guy were you making the claim
women are biologically unfit for the
tech industry no I was just trying to
explain why we see a disparity in the
population of people that are interested
in working in tech and began and you can
see that right there I mean I'm quoting
your memo back to you here but it says
I'm not saying that all men differ from
all women in the following ways so that
these differences are just I'm simply
stating that the distribution of
preferences and abilities of men and
women women differ in part due to
biological causes this has been
translated by the left into you are
saying that women ought not work in tech
or they're unqualified for tech you
weren't even saying you have an entire
section of your memo promoting the idea
that there should be more women in tech
and you offered a bunch of ways that you
think that the tech community could be
made more welcoming to women so are you
in favor of more women yeah I mean I
like women right and if we're in general
just trying to get more people
interested in tech then that would be
one way to do it so I want to I want to
talk to you a little bit about something
that the YouTube CEO a woman named Susan
watch kicky that she wrote this morning
over at Forbes she wrote a piece it
forms at the horrors of your memo and
how they do obviously emotionally
crippled her a young daughter who
apparently came up to her and said mom
is it true that there are biological
reasons why there are fewer women in
tech and leadership now it seems to me
that that was not exactly the claim you
were making is it true there are
biological reasons why there are fewer
women in tech and leadership what's your
response to the YouTube CEO well I mean
to me at least like what Piers Morgan
was trying to do to you on his show by
taking a little kid out and saying oh
aren't you sorry for him
right I mean they're just trying to
guilt me so I'm saying
yeah I do want to ask you about what
that what the political representation
is like inside Google cuz there was a
poll sort of an informal poll that came
out this morning that said that 56% of
people who were responding to this
online poll who are working at Google
said that they were against your firing
number one you know are there a lot of
people inside Google who have been
expressing support for you yeah since I
wrote it there have been many people
that privately messaged me and said yeah
I support you I agree this is a real
problem do you think that Google is
biasing
their search results in the way they do
business toward the left do you think
that how they're treating you is
reflective of how they do business as a
company I don't know about biasing
search results but they may definitely
be biasing who they do business with
okay so uh and inside the company itself
is it do you think that there is a
obvious political preference for you
know folks on the left you know if you
had written a memo about how black lives
matter was the cause of the day and that
really mattered more than anything else
I mean they're all these sort of
internal Google chats apparently that
you're a part of these Google message
boards have you ever seen stuff like
that politically oriented material
toward the left and has that ever been a
problem for anyone yes so you can openly
shame white people or all men and we do
this in our company-wide meetings so yes
there's definitely a bias towards
certain movements like we had a whole
TGIF that was for the black lives matter
movement and in can give me some example
me you said you have company-wide
meetings where people are shamed what
does that what does that sound like like
can you give me an example of some stuff
that people have said so I mean one
example was just that someone wrote a
question and then it had something to do
with gender she was a woman and out of
300 votes 50 of them were downloaded and
she was complaining about how she didn't
feel included at Google because she got
1/6 of them down votes and there were
many other just random examples okay so
you know with with all of this said
number one you know I think you have a
lot of broad public support obviously
but it what do you think this says about
the Left views of science because
there's an article in Slate for example
today saying science is bad now we we've
now found that science is bad
Susan watch Nikki as I say now she said
at the very end of her of her screed she
said that that these are questions that
shouldn't even be asked this is direct
quote from her piece of Forbes today she
said for example for instance what if we
replace the word women in the memo with
another group what if the memo said that
biological differences amongst black
Hispanic or LGBTQ employees explained
their under-representation and tech and
leadership roles with some p
still be discussing the merit of the
memos arguments or would there be a
universal call for swift action against
its author what do you make of the left
essentially saying that questions can
never be asked about topics where the
answer may not favor what the Left
wishes it to say yet there at least just
putting their ideology before truth in
these cases and she's just trying to
guilt me by association with like Nazis
or something and you know when one group
is just trying to guilt you and call you
names and the other is actually using
evidence in science you really know
which side is actually seeking truth and
this I think is one of the points that
that I that is why this story has
captured the imagination is because the
memo itself is really moderate in tone
and tenor even people like Kirsten
powers who are on the Left have said
they really don't see what the what the
big problem here is or why people are
going nuts over it and yet you step out
of line at a company like Google and the
reason people are freaked out about this
is obviously Google is a super powerful
company but this happens inside
Hollywood all the time this happens
inside journalistic institutions all the
time obviously so James do more Google
memo guy what comes next for you I've
offered you off the air I offered you a
columnist gig to write about stem issues
particularly with regard to two
differences between men and women and
social science data and all of us but I
assume that you have job offers that are
coming in from a wide variety of sources
what comes what comes next for you now
that Google is no longer in your future
yeah I'm still evaluating all my options
it's been a really busy past few days
and and I've heard also that you were
offered a position by WikiLeaks out urge
you not to take them I think that is
probably a bad career move but it's up
to you you're free man so okay well
thank you for for you know writing this
memo because I think obviously when more
truth is promulgated it's a better
country and and please keep us updated
as far as your own lawsuit or is that
actually going to happen or is that just
a possibility at this point of lawsuit
against Google yeah it's it's a
possibility
I'm definitely pursuing it that okay so
keep us updated on that
and obviously we are rooting for for you
as far as the whistleblowing
aspect of this and please keep writing
through things even though there's
there's pretty tremendous blowback
thanks so much for joining the show I
really appreciate it all right thanks
thanks that's James d'amour he's the
senior engineer at Google who penned
that diversity memo that regarding why
we Google changes practices if he wants
to attract more women actually and he
got shellacked for it by the left end
and fired from from Google for that
James d'amour a senior engineer at
Google thanks so much
