is the media deliberately scaring people
about North Korea our Republicans really
willing to cancel the 20/20 election and
we're about to have on the famous
infamous most important guy in America
today James d'amour the Google memo guy
in just a second i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show
okay we're all waiting with bated breath
to talk to James tomorrow he's sitting
right here on the Skype so we're gonna
be talking to him momentarily we just
want to jump right into it because I
know that our audience has been waiting
with bated breath ever since I announced
this morning on Twitter that we would be
having on the author of the Google memo
the infamous Google memo the most
important document since the Magna Carta
James d'amour is joining us right now he
of course was a senior engineer at
Google until he made the mistake of
penning an eminently correct scientific
treatise on the differences between men
and women and why that may contribute in
part to discrepancies in terms of the
levels of employment and wages at Google
between women and men and then of course
Google found out about his wrong thing
and he was fired James thanks so much
for joining the program
yeah thankful okay so let me just jump
right in here and I want to ask you
begin to start you've alleged that
there's actually some illegal activity
going on at Google because that's why
presumably that you should be in trouble
for firing you because it's an at-will
state California is now well state
anybody can be fired for anybody any
reason but according to the National
Labor Relations Board you cannot be
fired if your whistleblowing so what is
the purported illegal activity that's
going on at Google that you were
attempting to expose so part of it is
that they treat people differently in
the hiring process depending on what
their race or gender is and some teams
will preferentially choose certain
groups
okay so you've also said that they have
these sort of super-secret diversity
sessions in which they discuss all of
this can you take us inside one of those
what does that look like from the inside
it's just a group of all these people
talking about the benefits of diversity
and how much they love diversity and all
the sexism and racism that happens and
how we have to try to fix that okay we
know that Google has spent some two
hundred and sixty five million dollars
apparently trying to increase their
diversity ratios and this of course has
been a wild fail well I've read your
memo at least three times now because I
just want to make sure I'm not crazy
because if you watch the media coverage
of your memo it is not in any way
related to the actual contents of the
memo the media's made a bunch of
different claims about the memo they've
said that you were saying
in the memo that women are biologically
unfit for tech that was a Chiron on CNN
were you making the claim James d'amore
Google memo guy were you making the
claim that women are biologically unfit
for the tech industry no I was just
trying to explain why we see a disparity
in the population of people that are
interested in working in tech and began
and you can see that right there I mean
I'm quoting your memo back to you here
but it says I'm not saying that all men
differ from all women in the following
ways so that these differences are just
I'm simply stating that the distribution
of preferences and abilities of men and
women women differ in part due to
biological causes this has been
translated by the left into you are
saying that women ought not work in tech
or they're unqualified for tech you
weren't even saying when you have an
entire section of your memo promoting
the idea that there should be more women
in tech and you offered a bunch of ways
that you think that the tech community
could be made more welcoming to women so
are you in favor of more women in tech
yeah I mean I like women right and if
we're in general just trying to get more
people interested in tech then that
would be one way to do it so I want to I
want to talk to you a little bit about
something that the YouTube CEO woman
named Susan watch kicky that she wrote
this morning over at Forbes she wrote a
piece at forms at the horrors of your
memo and how they obviously emotionally
crippled her young daughter who
apparently came up to her and said mom
is it true that there are biological
reasons why there are fewer women in
tech and leadership now it seems to me
that that was not exactly the claim you
were making is it true there are
biological reasons why there are fewer
women in tech and leadership what's your
response to the YouTube CEO well I mean
to me at least what Piers Morgan was
trying to do to you on his show by
taking a little kid out and saying oh
aren't you sorry for him right I mean
they're just trying to guilt me so I'm
saying yeah I do want to ask you about
what that what the political
representation is like inside Google
because there was a poll sort of an
informal poll that came out this morning
that said that 56% of people who were
responding to this online poll who are
working at Google said that they were
against your firing number one you know
are there a lot of people inside Google
who have been expressing support for you
yeah since I wrote it there have been
any people that privately messaged me
and said yeah I support you I agree this
is a real problem do you think that
Google is biasing their search results
in the way they do business toward the
left do you think that how they're
treating you is reflective of how they
do business as a company I don't know
about biasing search results but they
may definitely be biasing who they do
business with okay so uh and inside the
company itself is it do you think that
there is a obvious political preference
for you know folks on the left you know
if you had written in memo about how
black lives matter was the cause of the
day and that really mattered more than
anything else I mean they're all these
sort of internal Google chats apparently
that you're a part of these Google
message boards have you ever seen stuff
like that politically oriented material
toward the left and has that ever been a
problem for anyone yes so you can openly
shame white people or all men and we do
this in our company-wide meetings so yes
there's definitely a bias towards
certain movements we had a whole TGIF
that was for the black lives matter
movement and
and can give me some example of me say
you have company-wide meetings where
people are ashamed what does that what
does that sound like I can give me an
example of some stuff that people have
said so I mean one example was just that
someone wrote a question and then it had
something to do with gender she was a
woman and out of 300 votes 50 of them
were downloaded and she was complaining
about how she didn't feel included at
Google because she got one six of them
down votes and there were many other
just random examples okay so you know
with with all of this said number one
you know I think you have a lot of broad
public support obviously but it what do
you think this says about the Left views
of science because there's an article in
Slate for example today saying science
is bad now we've now found that science
is bad
Susan watch Nikki as I say she said at
the very end of her of her screed she
said that that these are questions that
shouldn't even be asked there's a direct
quote from her piece of Forbes today she
said for example for instance what if we
replaced the word women in the
with another group what if the memo said
that biological differences amongst
black Hispanic or LGBTQ employees
explained their under-representation and
tech and leadership roles would some
people still be discussing the merit of
the memos arguments or would there be a
universal call for swift action against
its author what do you make of the
left's essentially saying that questions
can never be asked about topics where
the answer may not favor what the Left
wishes it to say yet there at least just
putting their ideology before truth in
these cases and she's just trying to
guilt me by association with like Nazis
or something and you know when one group
is just trying to guilt you and call you
names and the other is actually using
evidence in science you really know
which side is actually seeking truth and
this I think is one of the points that I
that is why this story has captured the
imagination is because the memo itself
is really moderate in tone and tenor
even people like Kirsten powers who are
on the Left have said they really don't
see what the what the big problem here
is or why people are going nuts over it
and yet you step out of line at a
company like Google and the reason
people are freaked out about this is
obviously Google is a super powerful
company but this happens inside
Hollywood all the time this happens
inside journalistic institutions all the
time obviously so James do more Google
metal guy what comes next for you I've
offered you off the air I offered you a
columnist gig to write about stem issues
particularly with regard to two
differences between men and women and
social science data and all of us but I
assume that you have job offers that are
coming in from a wide variety of sources
what comes it what comes next for you
now that Google is no longer in your
future
yeah I'm still evaluating all my options
it's been a really busy past few days
and and I've heard also that you were
offered a position by WikiLeaks out urge
you not to take them I think that it's
probably a bad career move but it's up
to you you're free man and so okay well
thank you for for you know writing this
memo because I think obviously when more
truth is promulgated it's a better
country and and please keep us updated
as far as your own lawsuit or is that
actually going to happen or is that just
a possibility at this point of lawsuit
against Google yeah it's it's a
possibility
I'm definitely pursuing it though okay
so
keep us updated on that and obviously we
are rooting for for you as far as the
whistleblowing aspect of this and please
keep writing through things even though
there's there's pretty tremendous
blowback thanks so much for joining this
show I really appreciate it all right
thanks thanks that's James d'amour he's
the senior engineer at Google who penned
that diversity memo that regarding why
we Google should change his practices if
he wants to attract more women actually
and he got shellacked for it by the left
and and fired from from Google for that
James d'amour a senior engineer at
Google thanks so much okay so in other
news I want to talk about what's going
on with North Korea because obviously
this continues to unfold let's start
with Brian Williams so Brian Williams
who should not be a member of the media
after repeatedly lying about his own
past over and over and over Brian
Williams was on MSNBC last night where
he is still respected because it's MSNBC
and Brian Williams said that the reason
that the media are covering North Korea
in such insane terms is because it is
their job to scare people now before we
get to Brian Williams on this I do want
to say that I think that a lot of this
is overblown ok North Korea has been
pursuing nuclear weapons for a long time
they've had nuclear weapons for a long
time obviously it's not good if an ICBM
is capable of reaching the United States
but mutual assured destruction is still
a thing and kim jeong-hoon or his
successors they would be fools absolute
fools if they were to try and attack the
United States we would wipe them off the
face of the earth in no time flat
I mean legitimately if they if they
fired a nuke at us they would be toast
their country would be a sea of glass
within moments I mean this is not even
talking about the USSR right the fact is
they even if their missile hit here it
would do you know awful awful damage
that would be that would be terrible but
we would survive it and then we would
nuke the living crap out of them and
that would be the end of that so
mutually assured destruction is still a
thing South Korea it's a little bit it's
a little bit more tenuous because North
Korea has been pursuing violent
incidents against South Korea for years
and years and years and years they sank
a South Korean ship a few years back
they killed a member of the the North
Korean leaders family with VX gas at
nerve gas at like an airport so if
you're South Korea mutually assured
destruction actually doesn't do the
trick for you because you always have to
fear that there's going to be a
conventional war under the umbrella of
the mutually assured destruction
with the North Koreans but for the
United States are we deeply worried that
they're going to destroy us no we're not
deeply worried they're gonna destroy us
I'm not losing a lot of sleep over the
possibility that LA is going to be
destroyed even though we are under the
umbrella of the North Korean nuclear
missile I'm really like really I think
that a lot of this is is hyped to the
extreme but Brian Williams says that the
media haven't have a duty to hype the
city extreme Mar job tonight actually is
to scare people to death on this subject
so the talk isn't as free as it is about
a pre-emptive or surgical military
strike okay why is it their job to scare
people to death and this is the problem
with the media the media sees it as
their job to push you into a certain
position they see it as their job to
evoke a certain emotional response in
you and it's something that we ought to
keep in mind when we look at media
coverage of world events for many
members of the media it is not just
about covering the events that are
important to you it is about trying to
cover the events so as to evoke an
emotional response in a particular way
another example of this today on an
unrelated topic so there's a poll that
lefties are passing around from The
Washington Post that says 52 percent of
Republicans would support the
postponement of the 2020 election if
President Trump called for such a
postponement when shocking result over
half of Republicans would be fine with
postponing the 2020 election if Trump
claimed voter fraud and said that he
didn't want to hold it the polls showed
that 56% of Republicans would be fine
with postponing it if Congress were to
support Trump in that effort okay so
you're getting a lot of think pieces
from the left speaking of the media
though pushing people to an emotional
response it's important to know how they
got this particular result this was a
push poll by The Washington Post first
it asked respondents if voter fraud was
real then it asked them if they thought
that it occurred and if Trump won the
popular vote and then finally it asked
them if Trump said that it occurred
would they be in favor of postponing the
election sorry these good results no
they're not good results but is it true
that more than half of Republicans would
be fine with postponing the 2020
election I highly highly doubt it also
important to recognize that these sort
of push polls exist from both sides you
know in 20 in in 2016 there is a poll
from WPA research that found that
two-thirds of Democrats would take an
unconstitutional third Obama term over
Hillary Clinton apollon November 14 from
The Economist found that 39% of
Democrats wish the Constitution would be
changed to that purpose so a couple of
lessons from these things first lesson
is Moe
people only like the rules if they
benefit them they only like the
elections every four years if their guys
not in power but the more important
things that the media attempt to gain a
particular headline and very often they
are they're attempting to to get to that
headline via the questions they ask and
you can see it even look in the
interviews that I do obviously when I
ask a question I'm expecting a
particular response from people when I
talked to James d'amour I'm questioning
him in a way that I think is important
but obviously the responses that he
gives are ones that I'm looking for
right I mean I'm not I'm not questioning
him as a feminist would who's looking
for a different response from from James
tomorrow yeah that's the way the media
works and so you should always take that
into account when you look at the
coverage of North Korea so the media
yesterday was going nuts over Trump's
apparently provocative threats fire in
the fury of the fury and the fire the
power the glory the fury fire power
glory huge emissaries Ben's Viva right
they were going nuts over Trump's over
to the top language but the reality is
does any of that make a huge difference
in all of this not really
okay General James Madison out Mad Dog
Madison out yesterday and what he said
was quote the United States and our
allies have the demonstrated
capabilities and unquestionable
commitment to defend ourselves from an
attack kim jeong-hoon should take heed
of the UN Security Council's unified
voice and statements from government's
the world over who agree the DPRK that's
Democratic People's Republic of Korea
poses a threat to global security and
stability the DPRK must choose to stop
isolating itself and stand down its
pursuit of nuclear weapons the DPRK
should cease any considerations of
actions that would lead to the end of
its regime and the destruction of its
people that's pretty harsh language from
mattis but I don't see the media losing
their minds over that back well I think
as last year a couple of years ago
Barack Obama threatened to destroy North
Korea so and in the media obviously are
attempting to evoke fear in Americans
that Trump's precipitous nature will
lead to a nuclear exchange that's not
what's going to happen here it's not
what's going to happen here and North
Korea is basically they understand that
they're in a rhetorical pissing match
now with Trump and so there's a
statement released by the North Korean
military in which they basically called
Trump a load of nonsense they said that
his threat was a quote unquote load of
nonsense and they called to me a guy
bereft of reason he basically have Trump
and the leader of North Korea in a
Twitter fight but is this going to
devolve into nuclear war I really don't
think so and here's the
okay that the fact is that people who
are living really under the threat of
North Korea are happy that the United
States is taking a pretty militant
position on all this Guam which was a
station that was threatened by North
Korea in response to Trump's threat they
the governor of Guam he he likes Trump I
mean here here he is praising Trump so
do you think that the president's
remarks are getting to the heart of the
problem no longer strategic patience and
does that play to solving this problem
in the big picture as far as I'm
concerned as an American citizen I want
a president that says that if any nation
such as North Korea attacks Guam attacks
Honolulu attacks the west coast that
they will be met with hell in fury what
I'm concerned about is if a u.s. senator
says initiate an attack and causing the
war and remembering that there are there
in the Mariana Islands
this is American sovereign soil this is
600 mile archipelago violence similar to
Hawaii where there are over 200,000
American citizens right so it's
important that as we make decisions that
those folks that are in a position of
leadership that they understand to that
war is the last because not only will
tens of thousands American military
forces and dependents be affected by a
regional war right but because the
western Pacific has American soil in it
then a couple of hundred thousand
Americans could get caught in the
crosshairs so I think it's important to
be very strong right at the same time be
calm and I think everybody is on board
with this and I don't think Trump is
precipitously into launching nuclear war
but I've got a lot of this is the
Democrats playing politics with all of
this a lot of this is the Democrats
attempting to play politics with with
national security and basically suggest
that Trump is a madman who is going to
get us into a nuclear war and MMSD musi
military analysts essentially said this
he said if Trump ordered a nuclear
launch mattis would defy it because
obviously Trump is crazy we clip for
and what if he orders a nuclear strike I
mean my understanding from general
Hayden and public comments is that
that's a pretty quick timeframe between
the commands I tell you you think
matters would defy an order yeah I think
he would don't forget the people how
damn he'd say I'm not gonna I'm not
doing it okay so this is this is the
narrative the media is creating is that
Trump is a nutcase and he's gonna order
a nuclear launch for no apparent reason
again I've seen no evidence of this on
the on the international scale from from
president Trump the sort of precipitous
action even on domestic policy Trump
will fire off a tweet but the actions
that he's taking are really not
particularly precipitous the only
precipitous action that you can say the
Trump has really taken was his
transgender been in the military tweets
and even those are not being implemented
by the Pentagon because there was no
follow up so you know the the business
of American government does not work
quite as smoothly as people think now
there's this sort of old Cold War
mentality that were five seconds away
from launching nuclear war I don't think
that's right and I do think that the
media are attempting to twist you into
knots make you feel really uncomfortable
make you feel like we're a second away
from being obliterated you know we also
don't know what nuclear we are we also
know military options are on the table I
mean we don't I've been saying this now
for weeks okay I don't know as much as
the Department of Defense knows about
what military options are on the table
to take out the the Kim regime but I
promise you that the last thing that
anyone wants including President Trump
is a nuclear exchange as president Trump
said during the campaign there's nothing
like nuclear nothing like it it's just
the biggest and the hugest you remember
when he said he actually said that
during a debate which is pretty
incredible so now all of that said don't
be deeply worried don't worry so much
everything will be okay you know worry
in the sense that we should come up with
solution to North Korea but don't worry
that we're five seconds away from a
nuclear exchange we're not okay so
before I go any further I want to talk
about Trump's conflict in this McConnell
I also really want to get to some things
I like things I hate and the big idea
today I really want to get to the big
idea because I think there's some
important stuff here and there is a bit
of a conflict breaking out now between
President Trump and Mitch McConnell and
that's not because Trump and McConnell
disagree on policy as much as it is
because Trump doesn't like when people
insult him and this is my biggest
problem with Trump attacking McConnell
if you want to attack McConnell on
policy I'm totally fine with that
McConnell has not been an effective
Senate Majority Leader thus far clearly
okay if you're just attacking McConnell
because you're mad at him then that's a
whole difference
you know it seems that he's attacking
McConnell cause she's mad at him not on
policy if you're really mad at McConnell
on policy he wouldn't be backing Luther
strange in Alabama who's sort of a
moderate Republican who backs
McConnell's play over a couple of other
candidates like Roy Moore in Alabama so
what this really says to me is that
Trump is still being driven by personal
animus for particular political figures
not being driven by policy
considerations which is a problem right
I want to see the policy I don't care
about the personal animus I don't get
back Trump's personal issues I don't
throw their Trump likes McConnell that
makes no difference to me it makes a
difference to me whether we get the
policies that I would like to see right
and that's what should make a difference
to you you shouldn't be upset if Trump
is mad at McConnell or McConnell's upset
at Trump who cares in the soap opera you
should be much more upset if you're not
getting the policies that were promised
to you so Trump was ripping McConnell on
Twitter it all started because McConnell
stated on at some Rotary Club meeting
that Trump had excessive expectations of
what the Senate could do the president
and others have said these early kind of
lies about things need to be done by a
certain point now our new president of
course not been in a lot of work before
and I think had excessive expectations
about how quickly things happen in the
democratic process and so part of the
reason I think people feel like we're
under performing it because too many
kind of artificial deadlines on
unrelated to the reality of the
complexity of legislating may not have
been fully understood anything
okay so McConnell is not totally wrong
on this and the fact is the president
Trump doesn't understand how the
vagaries of the Senate work and so he's
upset with it Trump but if the Trump is
right when he says this to McConnell so
here he tweets back at McConnell and he
tweets that he tweets senator Mitch
McConnell said I had excessive
expectations but I don't think so after
seven years of hearing repeal and
replace why not done fair question Trump
should ask himself that because he
wasn't particularly active as we pointed
out at the time in pushing this thing
beyond the last couple of weeks
didn't understand the policy but you
know that's not a wrong to man I would
hope that Trump's personal animus for
Mitch McConnell turns into him actually
demanding policies that I like from
Mitch McConnell and McConnell caving
that's what I would like to see but as
even Laura Ingraham is noting you know
it's hard for Trump to be ripping
McConnell at the same time he's
providing McConnell with more senators
who agree with McConnell President Trump
came out and endorsed Luther strange and
that Alabama special election for Jeff
Sessions seat now Luther strange was
appointed so he's the incumbent for the
time being but there's all these other
people running including mo Brooks and
judge Roy Moore is running and so
they're probably gonna have to have a
runoff because no one will get a
majority but Donald Trump came out and
endorsed the incumbent more of an
establishment a guy Luther Strange and
that is very interesting cuz that's
Mitch McConnell's favorite pick this is
obviously true so if Trump is going to
go after members of the Republican Party
let's do it on the basis of policy what
I don't want and when I sort of see
happening which is which is not
particularly encouraging to me is that
President Trump is mad at leaders of the
Republican Party and you could easily
see Chuck Schumer making an overture to
him after the 2018 election and from
swivelling left in order to work with
people who are praising him more
fulsomely
and gaining praise from the new york
times in the process that's the scary
part of all of this in terms of policy
okay I want to get to things I like in
things I hate in the big idea but before
we do all that you're gonna have to go
over to Daley wire calm and subscribe we
bring you the greatest of content okay
$9.99 a month means that not only do you
get to see this most watched and Beau
this most listened to news and politics
podcast in the country according to
iTunes we're still number two to Oprah
people we're still number two to Oprah
Oprah delenda asked she must be defeated
so go and leave review and subscribe but
not only do you get our show when you
when you subscribe for $9.99 a month
over at daily wire com you also get
Andrew Clavin show which is searching up
the iTunes charts you get Michael
Knowles's show live you get the whole
thing live you get to be part of their
mail bag and you gets part of my mail
bag we're doing that tomorrow so you get
all of that and if you get in the annual
subscription you get this the very
finest of tumblers leftist here's hot or
cold the tumbler incomparable
indescribable until you hold it in your
hands you will never be able to
understand the glories of it and all it
will cost you is $99 annual membership
which comes along with all the other
great things I just told you about again
if you just want to listen later go over
to iTunes or SoundCloud leave us a
review we definitely appreciate it
we are the the top news in politics
podcast in America
you
okay so let's do some things I like and
some things I hate in the big idea so
Thursday's are our big idea day here at
the Ben Shapiro show so let's first
start with things I like so you know
we're talking about communism and I
thought that it would be worthwhile to
recommend a book about North Korea in
case you are interested in what North
Korea is actually like today the book is
by andre lank often it's called the real
North Korea life in politics in the
failed Stalinist utopia and it's it's a
fascinating book because it doesn't try
to paint an excessively dark picture of
North Korea while not ignoring the
problems in North Korea basically it
says that it is a stunted rump state
that is run well it is run in the most
horrific dictatorial way and that
manifests more in the everyday lives of
North Koreans than it even does in sort
of our horror imaginations of gulags and
people being shot and unmask that's less
what's happening then just the the
gradual degradation of a great people
and the real North Korea on trial and
cough fully worth reading I think a fair
and honest relatively objective look at
what North Korea is like today it is a
stain on the on the global on the
so-called global community that doesn't
really exist it's a stain on the UN
certainly that North Korea has continued
to terrorize its people for more than
half a century at this point just as it
sustained on the international community
that Cuba continues to be a dictatorial
backwater it's really it's really quite
horrifying if there were a way to get
rid of the Kim regime I'm all for it
okay other things that I like so this
exchange is making the rounds on the on
the interwebs it is an amazing exchange
James Franco the actor was talking with
this Princeton professor and the issue
of abortion came up now his Princeton
professor her name is Elliot Michaelson
and she is discussing her support for
early stage abortion and why she
believes nothing morally bad happens
when it occurs and even James Franco
sitting there going what you're saying
makes no sense to me okay and James
Franco I cannot imagine is pro-life but
even he is looking at her and going this
doesn't make sense what you are saying
namely because what the left says with
regard to abortion doesn't make a whole
hell of a lot of moral sense here's a
bit of the exchange in some of my work I
defend a liberal position about early
abortion so I defend the view that
there's nothing morally
at about early abortion so a lot of
people think well it's permissible to
have an abortion but something bad
happens when the fetus dies and I think
if a fetus hasn't ever been conscious it
hasn't ever had any experiences and we
aborted at that stage that actually
nothing morally bad happens and this
view might seem unattractive because it
might seem that it dictates a cold
attitude towards all early fetuses but
what I think is that actually among
early fetuses there are two very
different kinds of beings so James when
you were an early fetus and Elliott we
you learn early fetus all of us I think
that we already did have moral status
then but we had moral status in virtue
of our futures in future of the fact
that we were the beginning stages of
persons but some early fetuses will die
in early and pregnancy either due to
abortion or miscarriage and in my view
that's a very different kind of entity
that's something that doesn't have a
future as a person and it doesn't have
moral status okay and James Franco goes
I can't you only judge that in hindsight
when James Franco is wrecking you on
abortion and you're professor of
Princeton you should lose your job okay
like that is the worst argument in favor
of early stage abortion I've ever heard
the left when they make the argument for
early stage abortion what they say is
that this is not a fully formed human
life like that's actually an argument
okay that it has not reached the stage
of life at which we care it's not a good
argument rights not an argument I agree
with because potential life is still
potential life and the question is to
what level of potential life is
necessary in order for you not to be
able to kill it that's a that's a pretty
dicey question morally because they're
children who are born with disabilities
you get to kill them because they don't
have a lot of potential to grow into
full human beings or fully functional
human beings it's it's you know this is
why the abortion argument doesn't work
but the argument she's making is so
nonsensical the James Franco absolutely
wrecks her unconsciously like in without
even thinking about he says if a woman
decides to have an abortion with an
early fetus just that act or that
intention negates the moral status of
that early fetus just because if she
goes out and has an abortion it's pretty
certain it's not going to become a
person and this professor just struggles
and struggles and struggles and
struggles as well she should again this
lady this lady was she
she's a member of the of the shittest of
philosophy a PhD in philosophy from MIT
a bachelor's from Harvard her father was
a member of the Princeton philosophy
department faculty she's part of the
Princeton philosophy department faculty
and she teaches courses called designing
life the ethics of creation and its
control and morality in the face of
moral ignorance ok this lady should not
be able to teach a course called
morality in the face of moral ignorance
when James Franco again James Franco a
guy who looks like he maybe has seven
brain cells that he can rub together is
wrecking her unconsciously on abortion
like when even James Franco is going on
this doesn't make a lot of sense to me
because it makes no sense
Wow Wow so well done Princeton hiring
only the best ok time for a couple of
things that I hate ok so the first thing
that I hate Skip Bayless who is made of
living saying inane things on sports
channels for a long time he used to be
on ESPN now he's on Fox Sports 1 I
believe and and he says that Colin
Kaepernick not getting a job is a
full-on disgrace black players platt
black players should boycott games in
the NFL we have Colin Kaepernick a
terrible quarterback does not get a job
easy cop-out to say it's because of the
flag and it's not because the subject
that he is protesting makes you
uncomfortable but you know what guess
what they used to do skip the NFL used
to charge the military to have the
servicemen walk out on the Terrible it
wasn't until they got the whistle guy
got uncovered that they were charging
that they gave the money back so they
really love the military but if you want
what our feel say one last thing if the
black players would unite and say we
will not play game 1 this year I promise
you it would have impact yeah get so
everyone
earth-shattering just earth-shattering
will be unbelievable it'll be huge it'll
be incredible back there no ok no that's
not correct ok the fact is all that will
happen is that people will stop actually
going to games because people will
assume that we are now going to use the
NFL as a cram down for leftist politics
viewership dropped relatively
dramatically last year thanks in large
part to
colin kaepernick and other players
protesting in the national anthem you do
this for colin kaepernick and you
reinvigorate this particular debate I
promise you the NFL is going to lose
ratings as well it should because when I
watch sports I don't want to hear about
how America is racist and sexist and
bigoted and homophobic I just want to
watch sports particularly when a lot of
the best players in the sport are black
I mean just enough is enough but there
is a leftist pander pandering element
that is really gone over the top okay
other things that I hate so Bernie
Sanders cut a commercial and this just
demonstrates how far left the the left
to the left wing is moved Bernie Sanders
cut a commercial about Medicare for all
look who he is using as a sort of moral
guideposts in discussing medicare for
all single-payer insurance Medicare for
all the time the Canadians have become
more civilized democracy on the planet
has I would make sure that changing in
terms of not worrying about illness
putting them into bankruptcy thank you I
just want to say as an electioneering
Butler do you ask us a lot singer Arcade
Fire
are we now at the point where the
country does need to think about some
sort of single-payer system with my
limited knowledge Warren Buffett okay so
it's like this this group of deplorable
who have decided that single-payer is
just gran and great do any of these
people actually use single-payer of
course not all of these people are
extraordinarily wealthy all of them pay
for their own insurance all of them have
top-notch insurance a single-payer
health care this idea Medicare for all
okay there have been studies that have
been done that show that on 16 out of 40
health measurements Medicare provides
less than two-thirds of the people on
Medicare with satisfactory results on 16
out of 40 measures Medicare is wildly
expensive it has blown out the budget of
the federal government to a tremendous
extent it's going to continue to blow
out the budget
on to a tremendous extent doctors are
overburdened they're not taking a lot of
Medicare patients they won't take new
Medicare patients even the idea that
you're gonna purchase supplementary
insurance and that's only gonna last if
there are doctors who take the
supplementary insurance plus the
Medicare and a lot of doctors are saying
I'm not even to work in the Medicare
system because the reimbursement rates
are too low so know none of this makes
any sense but it just demonstrates the
the coalition of the far left is is
growing but it's still reliance on these
tentpoles of insanity people like Bernie
Sanders okay so now I want to talk about
the big idea I want to talk about this
last week a little bit and we ran out of
time on it but there's this idea that
you see sometimes discussed in
philosophical circles Athens versus
Jerusalem the idea that Western
civilization is built on these twin
polls Athens in Jerusalem Athens being
the idea of Greek reason people like
Plato and Aristotle and Socrates morons
his sorry Princess Bride but and then
the other poll would be Jerusalem and
that poll being the idea of faith so
faith and reason are the twin pillars of
American society what you're watching
right now in action it's really
fascinating is that if one of those
polls falls both of the polls fall okay
if reason Falls then religion can't last
on its own and if religion Falls then
reason can't last on its own we now live
in a secular society where Jerusalem has
largely fallen where people have decided
that faith in a Creator who cares about
you cares what you do morally and has
created a rational system capable of our
interpretation because we're human
beings made in His image as that pole
has fallen in esteem in American circles
and
Killer circles then science is the next
thing to fall because without the idea
of a rational universe and a rational
creator an irrationally articulable
system and people who are capable of
grasping huge swathes of that system you
end up with people basically saying that
science should no longer be a thing so
slate has an article out today talking
about how science is bad but it's
science is actively bad because it
creates this idea that science is going
to govern all of us and that there are
objective standards of right and wrong
or more importantly objective standards
of true and false science can tell you
right and wrong but science should be
able to tell you true and false in
scientific terms the left is saying
science can't even do that anymore
science can't even do that because we
live in a universe where cause and
effect aren't really things they're just
things that we perceive to be that that
science is all about the idea of
hypotheses being verified but those
hypotheses depends on the on the ideas
that come out of biased brains as
there's no way to really get to a
scientific truth and so you're seeing
the left do this because the left is
looking at science and they're saying
science is coming up with results that
we don't like so science itself should
be undermined without the faith and
rational creator and a rational universe
capable of our penetration it's very
difficult to make the case that science
ought to be the gold standard in terms
of how we live beyond that religion
creates the notion of free will and
personal responsibility how do you build
a society along those lines on
scientific lines if you don't believe in
any of those things
the tragedy of Western civilization is
that if you look back at Aristotle
Aristotle and Plato we're attempting to
grasp at the infinite right when they
talk about Plato's cave this idea that
that we are all sitting in a cave and we
see shadows on the wall but there's
something out there that we can't fully
grasp but we can sort of grasp the
shadows but we're grasping in darkness
you know that idea brought to fruition
by Aristotle in the idea of the forms
there's a reason that religion went when
Aristotle's work was rediscovered in the
in the late in the late 1st millennium
it was it was taken in by a lot of
Christian scholars like Thomas Aquinas
and merged with religion in Judaism
Maimonides tried to do the same thing
looked at Aristotle and saw a religious
thinker a secular but religious thinker
a rational thinker who is attempting to
reach out to the idea of the infinite
what is it about the universe that
allows us to grasp it in so much of its
complexity but not grasp its purposes
why is that there right this is the big
question
that animates all of human life and all
of human reason and the striving and the
religious community takes that question
and they say okay here's our answer to
the why but science is gonna have to
tell you the what we're gonna have to
use reason to grasp God but it's
important to grasp God why because God
is involved in your life cares about you
wants things to be to be it wants you to
succeed wants you to make the decisions
God but God is is offering you a
directionality to history right the idea
of a messianic future that we can all
move toward right that's something that
judeo-christian religion very strongly
believes in and freewill right
we're not determined by the Stars which
was sort of an ancient idea that the
Stars determine our fates right we are
determined by our own capacity to make
decisions in the world you combine that
with the power of human reason and you
end up creating the most glorious
civilization in the history of mankind
but over time science ate religion and
now a sort of bizarre spiritualism is
eating science because people still have
the desire to grasp out at the infinite
and they're looking at science and
saying you're not getting me there and
so basically you know the Enlightenment
comes out of these twin poles the
Enlightenment comes out of the idea that
there's a faith-based there's a
faith-based universe out there that we
can attempt to grasp using Aristotelian
reason and using science and this
results in the idea of natural rights
right natural rights as a God based
system we can create a rational
reasonable freedom based system but only
if we believe that there is a God who
made us in His image and these were the
twin poles of the Enlightenment and then
science says you know what let's apply
the standards of science to religion
okay religion is unverifiable therefore
we can't say anything about it and then
science gets even more science gets even
more provocative science has not only
can't we prove religion religion is
false right the Richard Dawkins school
of thought science can prove religion
false and by proving religion false by
proving that it's just a figment of your
imagination we can move into a better
world right where man is king except
that the next thing that happened is
that science ate the idea that man is
king because the more you move into the
scientific world the more you realize
that human beings are just another
animal with a bunch of brain functions
and that you know in the EO Wilson view
of sociobiology that all of our actions
are not free willed right we can't wall
our own actions everything is
predetermined so why should there be
punishment Why should there be societies
why are moral standards better why
shouldn't I do whatever is hedonist
pleasurable to me why shouldn't I be the
marquis de sade right so science as it
progressed ate the foundations of
science itself and that's what we're
seeing we're seeing the the Ober the
over us the the the the snake that eats
its own tail right that's what's
happening with science right now because
once you disconnect science from faith
in a rational universe with a rational
Creator who cares about us then you lose
number one the impetus to to actually
seek out the universe
number two you lose the faith that there
is a rational universe to be
comprehended and number three you lose
the free will that would drive you to do
all of these things that's why you need
both Athens and Jerusalem and they seem
mutually exclusive and they do battle
with each other for primacy and the
upper hand but if you lose either one of
those if you lose science then religion
just becomes you know grasping at
shadows religion just becomes faith
based in nothing and if you and and if
you lose religion then science just
becomes a group of animals seeking to
build huts of sticks with no meaning and
no drive toward a better society you
have to answer the question as to why a
more moral societies necessary when
morality has no meaning better has no
meaning and society has no meaning
outside of just a bunch of animals
living in a similar space so this is why
you need both Athens and Jerusalem this
is why reason and faith must hold hands
even though they disagree all the time
and slap at each other with their free
hands
okay so we'll be back here tomorrow with
the mailbag it's Thursday right yes okay
so we'll be out here tomorrow with the
mailbag remember we are the number two
podcast on iTunes if you help us out
with subscriptions and reviews and and
listening to the show then we will
overtake Oprah we will I have faith we
will overtake Oprah and you won't get a
car and you won't get a car a note we'll
get a car get yourself a damn car okay I
don't have to get you a car I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
