here's a new book I'm sure you'll want
to buy and read unless you prefer to
just stick a fork in your eyeball for
free the book by Philip nel is entitled
was the Cat in the Hat black the hidden
racism of children's literature and the
need for diverse books I know that fork
in the eyeball is looking pretty good
isn't it
in a wonderful article over at News
Buster's Tim Graham delves deep into
Phillip nettles philosophy Nell
apparently believes that there may be
racism hidden in our favorite children's
books and that if she can ruin our
enjoyment of those books he might be
able to pick up a couple of bucks and
some publicity without ever having to do
anything worthwhile
thus Phillip now asks the all-important
question is the cat in dr. Seuss is Cat
in the Hat books really a black person
if you answered no you knucklehead he's
a gray and white cat and you may not be
an English professor like Phillip nel
you see Phillip now is an English
professor and so he has enough free time
on his hands to look deeper into the
substrata of the cat in the hat' books
he says the cat's top hat and white
gloves show that his character has its
roots in minstrel see the practice of
white performers pretending to be black
in order to entertain people instead of
writing useless books about The Cat in
the Hat now to me the question of
whether the Cat in the Hat was really a
black person seems simple if you
remember the story the Cat in the Hat
bursts into the home of two children and
turns the place upside down while
teaching them the important lesson that
it's fun to have fun but you have to
know how obviously if a black person did
that he'd be arrested so the question
answers itself but Philip now also
opposes Babar the elephant he says Bob
our books present colonialism in a good
light because Babar becomes more
civilized in European and is thus more
greatly admired by his native people
this also happened to Gandhi and Bishop
tutu but they didn't have the funny long
noses so it doesn't count
an article about Nels book and Time
magazine suggests that we combat the
hidden racism in children's books by
asking our children some important
questions while we read the books of
them like whose point of view is this
story favoring what kid wouldn't love
to be asked that in the middle of
reading his favorite book if nothing
else Philip Nels book has proved that
The Cat in the Hat was right it is fun
to have fun but you do have to know how
obviously Philip Nell doesn't know how
or maybe he just didn't listen to the
cat because he doesn't like black people
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
