so the FBI investigation into Brett
Kavanaugh is happening I should say
another investigation the man has been
investigated by the FBI through FBI
background checks like like six times so
this is this is the seventh time the
seventh investigation no allegation or
hint of sexual misconduct was uncovered
through through the first six
investigations so now we're gonna have
we're gonna have a seventh one and and
maybe they'll turn something up this
time around now I've heard some very
frankly well stupid Republicans and
conservatives who have said hey you know
there's there's no problem here there's
no problem with a with an FBI
investigation what's the big deal with
an FBI investigation right it only it's
only gonna last a week and it'll help us
get to the truth
so it's it's it's great you know you
don't you don't lose anything here well
to the people in that camp I you really
need to wake up from your coma you you
it's it's I think it's time that's it's
a time to to awaken and look around and
just exist within reality I think it's
really time for you to do that if you're
in that camp you need to realize that
the nothing the Democrats say is true
they're the ones who want this FBI
investigation nothing they say is true
nothing they say is said in good faith
nothing nothing at all there's a reason
why Democrats desperately want this
investigation and like everything else
that they say and they do it's got
nothing to do with the truth whatsoever
ever okay if Democrats were interested
in truth they wouldn't have held on to
these allegations until the last minute
if Democrats were interested in the
truth they wouldn't be entertaining wild
conspiracy theories and they wouldn't
they wouldn't be entered
these wild stories from emotionally
unbalanced women about roving high
school rape gangs okay if Democrats were
interested in the truth
they wouldn't have announced that they
believe Christine Ford before the before
they'd ever even heard either one of
them testify if Democrats were
interested in the truth
they would have taken the opportunity
during the hearing to ask Christine Ford
some actual questions about what
allegedly happened rather than just
taking turns giving her high-fives and
each other high-fives if Democrats were
interested in the truth they would have
actually asked Kavanagh about the
allegations rather than asking him about
things that were in his yearbook when he
was 17 but Democrats are not interested
in the truth at all whatsoever in fact
they've already said that Kavanagh is
unfit for the Supreme Court no matter
what the FBI investigation turns out
they made they made that declaration
minutes after his nomination was
announced they'd already decided that he
was unfit and they made it on the at the
hearing on Thursday before the guy to
even testify they'd convicted him
they've already said that they that they
believe the accuser they don't need any
more information and even now as they
demand an FBI investigation they've
already made it abundantly clear that
they're going to oppose him no matter
what and they're going to be unsatisfied
with the investigation no matter what
but the investigation won't turn up
everything anything at all as as we're
all well aware if we've been paying
attention because there's no evidence
okay there are no witnesses the accuser
doesn't even know the year or the place
that this attack allegedly happened so
they have nothing to go on
they have nothing to investigate we talk
about FBI investigation an FBI
investigation has to be investigating
something what are they going to
investigate the only thing they can do
is is is is get the people who are
allegedly involved or alleged
be present and ask them about it well
all of them have already been asked and
they've already put their answers down
on paper and writing on the record under
penalty of felony and they've and
they've all said that it didn't occur so
what else are they gonna say it's not as
though these people have have said that
yeah the thing happened but it didn't
happen exactly as Christine Ford said it
happened well if that was the case then
there would be something to talk about
but what they're saying is this didn't
happen there was this event didn't
happen or if it did I have no memory of
it whatsoever
Christine Ford's best friend in high
school sang I didn't even know this guy
well I wasn't at this thing so what
she's good at what is she gonna say to
the FBI but is she gonna say it again in
Greek in Spanish what does she need to
do does she need to communicate it via
sign language or carrier pigeon or Morse
code that you need to draw a picture of
it not happening does she need to sing
it like an opera I mean what else can
she do what what else can any of them do
Ford says that a certain party happened
35 years ago and a certain thing
happened at that party everyone else
concerned everyone else concerned says
that no such party happened okay and the
only person who claims the party
happened can't tell you when or where it
happened so how can you investigate that
it's it's like if I it's like if I
called up the FBI and I said hey FBI I
need you to investigate a terrorist
threat okay I need you to investigate
and they said okay who made the threat I
don't know when was the threat made I
don't know well what was the threat
exactly I don't know where was the
threat made I don't know what was the
threat against what did what is it
what's the terrorists gonna attack I
don't know well what I don't know I
don't know it's just there was a threat
okay I mean there was a threat I
remember the threat and I remember how I
feel when I heard the threat is very
scared so so so please investigate no
the FBI wouldn't investigate that
because there's no
thing to investigate that's not even
there's nothing for them to go on for me
to say that a terrorist threat was made
by someone somewhere at some point is
not enough and but by the way in that
analogy at least a terrorist threat is
the kind of thing that the FBI might
investigate on the other hand groping
allegations between high schoolers 35
years ago in the early 80s is not the
kind of thing that a federal law
enforcement agency investigates because
it's not a federal crime so the
investigation will accomplish nothing of
substance lead nowhere so why are the
Democrats so intent on it well there are
three reasons why their intent on it
okay and again it's got nothing to do
with the truth number one they want to
delay Cavanaugh's confirmation so that
they have more time to dig up dirt about
him number two they want to delay
Cavanaugh's confirmation so they have
more time to put pressure on the
cowardly squishy Republicans like Jeff
Flake and Murkowski and Collins and
number three they hope although the
FBI's FBI said they're not going to do
this but what they're hoping is that the
FBI will follow irrelevant trails in two
unconnected but embarrassing matters
thus further destroying Cavanaugh's
reputation so they're hope they know
that the FBI is not going to come up
with evidence about this allegation they
know that okay just what you need to say
everybody who knows anything and no
matter where they stand on whether or
not this investigation should happen
they all know every rational person
knows that the FBI will not find out
anything about this actual thing itself
what they're hoping though is that
they'll find other information that's
got nothing to do with sexual assault
perhaps but will still be embarrassing
for Brett Kavanaugh and it goes without
saying as I said already Democrats will
demand another delay after this
concludes they'll call the investigation
unfair no matter how its conducted
no matter how it concludes short of the
FBI coming out and saying yes Brett
Kavanaugh is a serial rapist and he's
going to prison okay
short of that they're going to be
unhappy they're not gonna be happy with
a week they wouldn't be happy with two
weeks they're not happy with anything
okay
so so we understand this so I say it
again no matter what no matter what they
will not be swayed no matter what the
people who are against Kavanagh will
remain against him no matter what
Christine Ford could retract her
allegation and it wouldn't sway them it
really wouldn't okay one other thing one
other thing I want to mention here
somewhat connected you're gonna hear a
lot this week and we've already heard
quite a bit in the last few days but
you're gonna hear even more about Brett
Kavanaugh supposedly lying under oath
okay in front of the Senate I know that
the Liberal Liberals are hoping that
this is proven by the FBI investigation
but it can't be it won't be either way
we'll get to that in a minute but but
the claim is what we're hearing and I
think we're gonna hear more about this
is the this is the theme that's gonna be
hammered on quite a bit is that is that
we know that Cavanaugh did lie at least
a couple of times about a couple of
seemingly silly things but he lied
that's the claim because one he was he
was asked about the Devil's Triangle
which was something that he wrote in his
yearbook about Devil's Triangle he's
asked what does that refer to he said it
was a drinking game - he was asked about
goofing okay again that was in his
yearbook and he said that it's
flatulence right the problem is that at
least today those terms don't mean those
things okay it's not what those turns
mean today Devil's Triangle is a sex act
and
puffing is where you consume alcohol
through your rectum okay don't try it at
home kids or at work actually don't try
it anywhere in general so especially it
worked honestly I mean you really just
shouldn't shouldn't try it so we're told
that that he lied under oath and so even
if he didn't assault anyone he should be
disqualified just on that basis alum
that's that's the argument so should he
be should it seem is he now disqualified
anyway because of the things that he
said in front of the Senate I say no for
three reasons okay number one these are
slang words and terms and it's possible
that they meant something else back then
I mean slang changes over time it's it's
possible that his group of friends had
developed a different meaning for those
terms or that the terms have just
developed I mean it's possible that
Devil's Triangle was a drinking game
back then and then later became
associated with a sex act I mean who
knows you know and whether or not that
was a commonly used expression the fact
is I mean my friends and I when I was
when I was a kid I wasn't when I was
teenager we had all kinds of slang words
and terms and phrases we practically our
own language and and I think that's
pretty common especially among guys so
you know you got to keep that in mind
number two even if those terms really
don't and didn't even back then mean
what Cavanaugh said you still can't
prove he lied you could never prove that
because it could be that he just forgot
you could have misremembered Kristine
Ford forgot a lot of things okay she
forgot many many important details but
she still felt okay coming out with
these allegations against against
someone even though she had no you know
she didn't know even the basic details
about when and where it happened
so she forgot that I think Cavanaugh is
entitled to forget like what's dumb
slang terms meant 35 years ago
so regardless worst case you would just
say well maybe he forgot number three
all right let's say for the sake of
discussion that Cavanaugh did remember
what those terms meant and they didn't
mean what he said and so he did lie
let's just say okay again that can never
be proven we can never know that it was
a lie so so it's kind of irrelevant
anyway because we can't know but let's
just say for now that it was a lie okay
let's just follow that thread it was a
lie under oath for the sake of
discussion a lie in front of a
senatorial committee under oath would
that disqualify him and I would still
say even then no and I know we can all
say it was a lie under oath those
perjury oh my goodness it doesn't matter
what it was about it's a lie under oath
that's it really it does it are you sure
about are you sure that it really
doesn't matter what it was about are you
sure I know it sounds very noble for you
to say that and you sound very honest
you say well the words I would never lie
under oath about anything right I don't
mean to say if anyone who would do that
they're a pathological liar
terrible sounds very noble of you I
don't believe you though that's the
thing I don't believe you or I don't
think that you've thought this all the
way through now it is look it's wrong to
lie it's it's wrong to lie under oath
it's wrong to lie in any situation it's
it's it's wrong to lie on a boat with a
goat in a house with a mouse you know in
any way and if he did lie about those
things then he should repent of it
before God but I am not comfortable
setting a precedent where a Supreme
Court nominee can be disqualified by
that kind of thing what I mean is
these were humiliating irrelevant deeply
personal questions that were asked in
bad faith in order to paint him as a
pervert a draw
and a rapist okay so if he lied if then
he lied out of humiliation embarrassment
and probably a certain contempt for the
questions themselves and the people who
are asking them and probably a certain
feeling that while these people don't
have any right to this information in
the first place does that make it okay
morally objectively no does it make it
disqualifying well think very long and
hard before you call it disqualifying
just just just think about it because if
that's disqualifying then guess what
this is the game from here on out are
you prepared for that
you're very noble and honest position
this is where it brings us are you
prepared for that it means that from
here on out Democrats will try to
disqualify every Supreme Court nominee
by traipsing them in front of the Senate
and asking them the most personal
embarrassing irrelevant bad-faith
questions possible and if they can back
the person into a corner where they
state the truth out of sheer humiliation
then they're disqualified and so
suddenly the litmus test for the highest
court in the land becomes a person's
ability to endure shame and mockery from
the vultures in the Democrat Party but
why should that be the litmus test why
is that all this I know you might say
one of the litmus tests is honesty well
look we already know that nobody is 100%
honest everyone tells lies even Supreme
Court justices everybody does sometimes
okay it's bad everyone does it right
so it's not as though we're under any
illusion that we're gonna find someone
who's a hundred percent totally honest
all the time what we want to find out
about apparently if this becomes a
litmus test it's will they be 100
percent honest in that situation with
the most personal irrelevant
embarrassing details asked by people in
bad faith for the purpose of painting
them as something that they are not will
they be totally honest in that situation
and I say why should that be the litmus
test for the Supreme Court because it's
got nothing to do with what the Supreme
Court does nothing at all I mean this
whole circuit
act has nothing to do with the Supreme
Court they're gonna sit down and they're
gonna decide link legal okay they're
gonna look at cases and apply it to the
Constitution and so if we've got someone
doing that who you know draws a certain
line and says look I'm just not gonna
you know I'm not gonna tell you this
kind of information about you know my
personal life well what does that have
to cares what does that have to do with
the with whether or not they can assess
the constitutionality of a situation so
again I mean let's just let's just let's
just follow this thread okay so so what
if the next nominee you know you've got
the next nominee up there and they're
asked under they're under oath right and
and so they say you know they're asked a
judge we heard that you have a
flatulence problem is that true
judge is it true that you peed the bed
until 12th grade ma'am is it true that
you lost your virginity at the age of
fourteen is that true is that true it is
is it true that you lost your virginity
at age of 14 but you lied to your
husband you said you were virgin when
you married them is that is that true
ma'am did you suffer postpartum
depression after your last child there
are reports there's a severe postpartum
depression is that true ma'am we need an
answer you're under oath ma'am sir sir
there are reports that your wife caught
you watching internet pornography back
in 2007 is that is that true sir you're
under oath
sir we need an answer to that question
ma'am are these reports correct that you
have irritable bowel syndrome and you
have to defecate five times a day ma'am
you are under oath we need an answer
ma'am the country deserves to know sir
is it true that you had a homosexual
experience in college there are several
reports of this sort we need we're going
to need an answer to that sir your
homosexual experience did it happen
ma'am is it true that you have a body
odor problem man is is it true that you
once went three days without brushing
your teeth that's the reports that we're
hearing ma'am you are under oath I
remind you again answer the question and
on and on and on
okay are we are we prepared to say that
only people the only people qualified
for the Supreme Court are those who are
willing to be interrogated with
questions like those and who will answer
them honestly even though they have
absolutely no bearing on anything and
they're only being asked in order to
paint a negative portrait of the nominee
and to humiliate them are we prepared
for that so all these people saying well
perjuries perjury all perjury is the
same really is it
I mean is it honestly though is it all
exactly the same look it's too bad if
Cavanaugh lied about poofing okay under
oath when he was asked about it by
people who are trying to paint him as a
rapist
I think his better course would then
just to refuse to answer those questions
completely that would have been you know
if it was alive in the better course
would have been to not answer them both
the more honest course but also just the
more I think just the more effective
course is just to say I'm not gonna
answer those stupid ridiculous questions
and you should be ashamed and
embarrassed for asking me them you
vulture it's what he should have said
but if backed into a corner he said you
know flatulence I mean you know it's
like not the same thing but kind of
related then you know that's that's very
naughty of him that's he should
apologize to God but disqualifying come
on I mean seriously
a guy who who has by by all accounts is
a very competent and honest judge in
that situation if he was not totally
honest about poofing in front of the
Senate he's disqualified I really want
you to think about that if that's the
position that you're taking I really
want you to think if that if that really
makes sense to you okay come on I just
I'm not saying we become moral
relativists or we become ends justify
the means kinds of people but we got it
like we can't the democrats and liberals
are playing a game and we have to stop
so willingly going along with it right I
mean what we'll see what the FBI turns
up maybe they will follow the roofing
trail to its conclusion and and then you
know and that's what this will become
all about who knows all right have a
great day everybody to talk to you
tomorrow
Godspeed
you
