with the President and Congress off on
vacation this is a good time to take
stock and make some predictions about
what's going to happen next of course no
one knows the future and so predictions
are always meaningless and usually
incorrect but why should this political
commentary show be any different than
the rest of them
the big question facing us immediately
is whether the new chief of staff former
General John Kelly will be able to bring
order to the White House I believe
Kelley will solve the problem of Oval
Office chaos by taking some very simple
steps like instituting a strict
appointment schedule keeping the office
door closed during meetings and shooting
the President of the United States with
a tranquilizer dart after the president
loses consciousness Kelley will change
his enormous body inside a crate and
ship into Manhattan where he'll be put
on display as Trump the eighth wonder of
the world
Trump however will recover from the
tranquilizers burst from his chains and
climb to the top of the Empire State
Building clutching a beautiful young
woman by the crotch as biplanes circle
the gigantic president firing machine
guns at him Trump will swap the planes
away like flies and manage to send out a
tweet unleashing a nuclear strike on
wolf blitzer meanwhile back in DC
special counsel robert muller and his
crack staff of democrat donors will come
up with the bright idea trying to unseat
a duly elected president by indicted his
compatriots for the sort of trivial
malfeasance
that hillary clinton usually pulls off
between felonies paranoid talk-show host
alex jones will declare that this is a
coup by the deep state the deep state
will respond by declaring that jones
doesn't have a government license to
express his opinion and will therefore
have to pay a fine of $5,000 a day until
he obtains a license by leaving a paper
bag full of cash in the men's room of
the Starbucks nearest FBI headquarters
furious at the deep state coup Trump
voters will rise up to protect the
president
whereupon Democrats will suddenly
realize Trump voters own most of the
guns in the country and that may be
trying to unseat their president for no
reason wasn't such a brainy idea
panicked by the rebellion that Democrats
will call the military and will receive
a recorded message
saying that the military isn't in right
now because it's out protecting the
president from the deep state at this
point Nancy Pelosi will announce that
when she recently said she would never
resign she actually meant she had
resigned six months ago and was now
living with a 27 year old psychiatric
nurse named Lance in the sprightly
European principality of liechtenstein
finally summer vacation will end Trump
and Congress will return to Washington
Trump will go back to appointing
conservative judges and cutting
regulations and congressmen will go back
to bravely facing down political
pressure by fulfilling their seven-year
promise to repeal Obamacare okay forget
that last prediction satire is one thing
but there's no point in being absurd
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show we also
sing top zero level is if anything it's
a wonder
all right the Clavin this weekend has
come to an end those of you who have
survived welcome back we have a lot to
talk about we're going to talk about the
new film Detroit the Kathryn Bigelow
film that is bombing at the box office
film about a racial atrocity it took
place in 1967 we'll try and get to that
Google memo that went out and of course
we will have the lovable rogue Michael
Knowles which is now I think his only
job and he also hosts the Michael no
show is going to come on and talk about
that new guy at NASA who is he there to
protect the planet I think NASA iured Al
Gore and now they have a planetary
protection officer it that's you know if
you want to be a planetary protection
officer or protect the world from alien
invasions to do any of the new jobs that
are coming up in the new century you
might want to go on Skillshare
Skillshare is this really interesting
place that I've been using to refresh
old skills learn new skills learn all
kinds of stuff for hobbies and things
like this because I always like to be
learning things you know it's for
professionals you want to get a leg up
at work or you're just someone who loves
learning things what it is it's these
videos these incredible video classes
basically where someone who knows what
their job talking about will teach you
they'll give a series of classes on the
video they'll have things like design
they'll teach you how to use Adobe
Illustrator logo design typography
animation photography marketing
entrepreneurship I mean these are things
you can really use if you're moving into
a new field or if you just want to learn
new skills or if you just want to learn
how to do something you've never done
before like calligraphy some crazy
things like that and you can learn just
about anything and you get unlimited
access to all of this for a low monthly
price so you never have to pay for class
again it's not like those things where
they say in app purchases and halfway
through the class they say oh yeah we'll
continue this class but we got a hitch
up for more money doesn't happen you
just pay one price and you're on
Skillshare is giving my listeners a
month of unlimited access it's
absolutely free so you can test out the
whole thing
I did it really is interesting go to WWC
I'll share comm slash Andrew and redeem
your free month WW Skillshare
/ Andrew and you get a free month of all
the class so many of them there it's
really worth taking a look before we
talk about the movie Detroit list I
really want to talk about I just have to
talk about this hilarious interview that
Chris Wallace had on with acting AG rod
Rosenstein that's Chi comes up you have
seen this guy talk he is like I you just
all you could do is think about what it
would be like to be interrogated by this
guy because he was just a stone-faced
machine I mean just this absolutely no
way through him so he's taught what they
were talking about of course is that
robert muller is reportedly we don't
know this but sources say as we now say
now as we say nowadays sources say that
robert muller has opened a grand jury
has gone to the grand juries who further
investigate this Trump Russia connection
or whatever he is investigating at this
point and there was word rumors that he
was also going to look into Trump and
Associates financial ties to Russia now
this is one of the things that when
Trump was talking to the New York Times
they asked him would that be a red line
if they asked him at the same time two
people were speaking and they said would
that be a red line or would that be a
breach of his brief of Muller's brief
and Trump answered yes that's going too
far
basically so there all these leaks and
the first thing Chris Wallace asks
Rosenstein is why are there all these
leaks is it because there is a coup
going on basically by the deep state and
just listen to gross and Steen's
response and put yourself in Wallace's
shoes okay so this is number three do
you see a concerted effort by people
inside this government to hurt or take
down or try to take down President Trump
Chris you know we evaluate every
referral we received based on the facts
and circumstances of in particular in
leaked and so as the Attorney General
described we've had a surge in referrals
to the department and we're responding
appropriately we're going to devote more
resources reevaluate our procedures and
make sure we investigate every one of
those leaks in an appropriate way but
you must have some thoughts about why
there has been a surge in these
referrals as many in the sentiments of
the Trump presidency as in the last
three years of the Obama presidency
that's right Chris we have seen a
surgeon and referrals we've seen an
increase in the number of leaks and
we're gonna respond appropriately and
try to establish an effective deterrent
criminal prosecution isn't the only way
to prevent leaks but it's important part
of the solution it's not giving them
anything you say why is this happening
why are there more leaks yes there are
more leaks and we're going to
investigate that it's but why are there
more leaks well there are more leaks
you're right Chris and we're going to
investigate it is it is this a coup by
the deep state well there's certainly
more leaks Chris we're this guy his own
so then he goes on and he asks him he
won't even talk about it you know a
grand jury is supposed to be secret and
the fact that the leaks came out on this
it really is there's something like
three times at least as many leaks in
the first six months of the Trump the
Trump administration as there were in
the last I don't know what it was years
of the Obama administration and the
reason is of course because because
Trump has been slow off the dime
appointing his own guys in there so
there are all these Obama operatives
inside the government trying to destroy
the president that's the reason that's
why it's happening and of course Trump
is such an outsized figure in such a you
know a wild card
that people who are maybe not even
opposed to him or just nervous and
they're giving out this information and
they get petted by the press and all
this which they all like so he asks them
about the grand jury noting this is
number four I'm you're right but I'm not
going to comment on the case I'm not
going to comment about whether director
Muller has or hasn't open a grand jury
you know you read a lot about criminal
investigations in the media and some of
those stories are false we just don't
comment on investigations that's
important for a number of reasons first
of all we don't wanna disparage anybody
who may be a subject in the
investigation number two we don't
interfere with the investigation but I'm
asking you a different question
what does it say when a prosecutor takes
a case in general to a grand jury about
the likelihood of indictments in general
Chris it doesn't say anything about the
likelihood of indictments because we
conduct investigations and we make a
determination at some point and of
course the investigation about whether
charges are appropriate and what's the
advantage in terms of investigation to
taking a case to a grand jury
many of our investigations Chris
involved the use of the grand jury is an
appropriate way to gather documents
sometimes
bring witnesses in to make sure that you
get their full testimony it's just a
tool that we use like any other tool in
the course of our investigations oh he's
not going anywhere but finally just one
more cut just it's worth playing that he
asks him whether this is a fishing
expedition and and Rosenstein says no of
course not it's not a fishing expedition
but he asked him about the process by
which Muller can expand his
investigation because you remember that
under Clinton ken starr went in to
investigate I think it was in whitewater
he went in to investigate wounded up
wound up investigating Monica Lewinsky
and whether he lied about having an
affair and it just expanded and expanded
and expanded and he asks him basically
if that can happen here now this valley
we're going to skip cut this number six
well Chris if you find evidence of a
crime that's within the scope of what
director Butler and I have agreed if the
appropriate scope this investigation
that he can if it's something outside
that scope he needs to come to the
acting Attorney General at this time me
for permission to expand his
investigation but we don't talk about
that publicly and so the speculation
you've seen in news media that's not
anything that I've said it's not
anything director Muller said we don't
know who's saying or who credible those
sources many people so so anyway you
know Chris Wallace got hit even by us I
think it's a Daily wire I said they said
why didn't he ask him what he would stop
him where he would stop him and I can
tell you from being a journalist I can
tell you that he just was looking at
this thing and thinking this is going
nowhere I'm sure they had an arrangement
before he went on the air that he was
going to ask specific questions about
specific cases he did the best he could
with a sweat inducing interview I mean
you could see Wallace just his eyes
going he was so relieved when it was
over he actually reached out of shook
his hand you know who's grateful for
being over but let's move on to Detroit
I want to talk about this film Detroit
this is Kathryn Bigelow's new film and
it's a big new movie came out with of
course this is just absolute it'll rave
reviews I mean just oh whatever it's
brilliant and she gets those reviews I
will say at the outset I am I like
Kathryn Bigelow I don't love her films I
mean I love Point Break and and there's
something else I love about Kathryn
Bigelow which is that she obviously who
she mattered to James Cameron right she
was married to the director of Titanic I
think at one point and she likes men she
goes as she likes being
burly active guys has seen in every one
of her movies which she basically pays
tribute to action men and is a
completely meaningless scene in this
movie with Jennifer Ealing of that girl
was the biggest thing was that she was
in Pride and Prejudice on the BBC but
now she appears he's a good actress and
there's a scene where she appears as a
doctor talking about raising boys and it
has nothing to do with the movie just
like Jennifer is just something that
Kathryn Bigelow sucked now this movie
comes out gets all the great reviews in
the world and basically bombs they gave
it a small opening and it grossed about
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars
at twenty theaters and then they
expanded and it just collapsed basically
it's not making the money they thought
it was going to make they thought it was
gonna make thirteen million it made
seven million plus it's just not going
anywhere
and I want to talk about why this is
because first is it a good movie yes it
is it's a harrowing film and it's about
a racial atrocity that took place a
racist atrocity I should say that took
place in 1967 Detroit let's play the
trailer clip and is that what went on at
the motel what happened at the motel
don't know I tell you I was working
security file Wisconsin and on Tuesday
night the gunfire coming from Darian
energies
Greece was a there was a lot of shooting
when I went in there three kids have
been cute you know so they were killed
right before you got there you carry a
38 right revolver you carried a revolver
I do have a 38 you didn't do it please
ha here we go okay so that actually
gives a kind of false impression of the
film it makes you think it's going to be
about guy falsely charged but this is
not what the stories but I'm going to
tell you what the story is about slight
spoilers but it's a historical event and
I won't give give away what happens in
the picture but in 1967 Detroit blew up
there was a minor police incident where
they busted a unlicensed nightclub that
frequented mostly almost entirely by
black people they arrested the guys they
brought him out front and people sought
a crowd gathered and a riot exploded
okay and this was one of the biggest
riots in American history I mean the
only rights that are bigger than this
riots the anti draft riots during the
Civil War and then those ones we had
here in LA
back in 1990s 1993 I think it was so
this was huge 43 people died thousands
of people injured the place was an
absolute war zone there were snipers on
the roof they had the Army National
Guard called out the police obviously
State Police everything the Algiers
hotel at the hotel that he's talking
about was a dive it was a place where
prostitutes hung out and thugs hung out
and at one point as the picture tells it
some of this is you know reason stuff
they've researched and some some
obviously with any historical thing that
has to be guesswork involved but
apparently some thug started firing a
starter pistol
purposely making it look like it was
sniper fire and they went nuts of course
they riddled the place with bullets the
police charged in found a group of
people in an annex of the motel and what
followed after this was a harrowing
hours long event where the police
essentially tormented these people in
the hotel and killed some of them and it
was you know led by a cop who was
obviously I don't know if I want to call
my psychopath but clearly a racist they
seem to have been set off by the fact
that there were white women with black
guys there that seemed to be part of the
deal I'm going to stop here and say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube you get
us free on video if you want to come
over to the Daily wire calm you can
listen or or while you're there you can
subscribe for a lousy ten bucks a month
and then you can watch the whole thing
right on the daily wire.com if you
subscribe for a year it only cost you a
lousy hundred bucks for the entire year
plus hahaha you get the wonderful
leftist tears mugs or you can drink your
leftist tears from a mug instead of just
lapping them up off the floor which
let's face it dis bad manners and kind
of disgusting come on over to the daily
wire.com okay so and this terrible
racial atrocity took place in 1967 of
course the picture starts with some
beautiful african-american what would I
call it it's kind of uh it's very simple
art country art there's a word for that
I can't remember but anyway sucks with
that and it has a little bit of a
preview where it says you know there was
a great migration of course the blacks
came up from the south looking for work
in the north they but when they came
they found there was bigotry here too
and there was a lot of and they were as
it says in this introduction they were
restricted blacks were restricted to
certain neighborhoods the police force
was almost entirely white there was a
lot of racial tension a lot of the hopes
of having a better life did not pan out
and there was a lot of segregation and
there was just a lot of tension okay so
there's a lot of stuff going on now
where first let's talk about with the
right there people on the right were
saying stuff
about this film that that are in it's
incorrect okay that they're saying well
look you know you can't say the blacks
were restricted to certain neighborhoods
there was no policy there's no
government policy restricting blacks to
certain neighborhoods well the fact is
that if you were black and you went into
certain neighborhoods and tried to get
housing you wouldn't get it and there
was stuff called redlining and there was
you know redlining what's interesting
about redlining of course this was where
the banks I wouldn't give money to
certain areas and you know what really
exacerbated redlining it was FDR's New
Deal because they brought up they
started the federal housing you know
whatever was the Federal Housing Agency
and like everything that government does
it was a complete screw-up and it did
the opposite of what they wanted to do
and it redline that idea of things being
in red comes from the law starting this
agency and anyway it was very tough for
black people to get in you know there's
stuff in the movie that's manipulated
okay the scene the scenes in Algiers
motel Hotel are just harrowing to watch
these Americans who are African American
or black American whatever you want to
call them Americans being tormented by
policemen is a terrible thing to behold
anybody who's ever dealt with the police
knows it's very frightening the police
have a lot of power you want them being
the kind of professionals that most of
us run into most police officers are
back in those days a lot more of this
went on and it went on especially went
on with whites too but went on
especially in black neighborhoods there
were a lot of bigotry look the film
shows the victims in the most
sympathetic light there are two white
girls in there they kind of make them
look like they're girls just want to
have fun all the information I can get
about them is they were in fact
prostitutes at the Algiers hotel I'm
sure a lot of the people who were
rounded up were criminals it was that
kind of place they show you them in the
most sympathetic light okay you know and
that's and the security guard who you
saw that's that guy from Star Wars Paul
Yeager John Williams yeah excellent
actor I mean all the actors and Anthony
Mackie is and he is great he should
really be in more stuff I mean I know he
does a superhero turn but he really
should be in more stuff he's a great
actor all the acting is terrific and the
fritter
actor who plays the main racist cop let
me see if I got his name here it is a
will Poulter and he's great because he
has this innocent sweet kind of eggs
British but he has a citizen sweet
all-american face and they just use it
very well as you know to make them a
psychopath is really frightening okay so
they manipulate you a little bit
obviously when riots start there's a lot
of people having fun when you see some
of the interspersed actual clips of the
riots and one of the frightening things
about righteous people go nuts I mean
people start to really really have fun
burning things down and they cheer and
they cheer each other on and all this
stuff let's let's talk about the racism
thing just a minute you know when there
is a dominant culture and a successful
culture it is absolutely natural for
those in that culture for those who come
from other cultures to want to be part
of it to want to imitate it why not
right it's the successful culture if
you're a tribe living in the dark and
the cup tribe next to you invents fire
you're going to start to want their fire
because you don't want to live in the
dark it would be absurd to have somebody
in the New York Times writing well we
don't want to use that's cultural
appropriation you know we don't want to
use their fire of course that is how
good ideas spread so when you have a
country like England that is doing well
and is bringing in immigrants from India
the Indians want to become like the
Englishmen they want to talk English and
they want to wear English suits and they
want to and when you have a white
culture that is doing well the bland
that blacks have been kept out of it
they want to become part of it they want
to become businessmen they want to learn
to speak well they want to become part
you know partake of the successful
society when you deal when they are
excluded when they are excluded because
of tribalism it's night it's racism is a
sub-sub order of tribalism you know we
all have our tribes all you have to do
is take a baseball player in a Boston
Red Sox hat and the New Yorkers hate
them let them turn that hat into a New
York Yankees hat suddenly they love them
and that's how tribal we are when you
exclude people they become alienated
from that main culture and they think
screw it I'm not going to become part of
this culture I'm going to tear it down
I'm going to live on the outskirts I'm
going to be alienated I'm going to
become a criminal class happen
to the Jews in Russia happened to the
Irish in England it has happened to
black people here and so there is a
reason to this but now that's the that's
the macro view of it now look at the
micro view of it you're walking down the
street and a black guy mugs you what do
you care about the macro view of it you
don't care about that all you know is
your black guy mug you a black guy mug
the friend of yours black guys are
burning your city down that's all you
know you know and that's it that's a
completely rational point of view the
macro view the micro view it is just as
rational as the macro view of it and
this is the thing when you have a press
that concentrates only on the big view
and doesn't take into account the fact
that there are innocent white people
innocent black people in the
neighbourhood being you know tormented
by these riots tormented by the black
criminal class you're not seeing the
whole picture the picture goes both ways
and when you only look at one side of it
you exacerbate the tension between the
two groups of people the problem with
this movie and it's a really good movie
and I recommend it and it's worth
watching the problem with this movie is
nothing that's in the movie it's the
little stuff they do to manipulate you
in favor of the victims of the crime is
perfectly valid movie stuff it's a movie
it's a Hollywood movie if you're getting
your history from the movies you're in
the wrong place it's a perfectly valid
it's not that bad
they show you that the thug and he is a
thug fires a weapon out the window
terrifying the police they show you that
the police they're a good police officer
just concentrates on a bad cop but they
show you they're very good police
officers trying to do their job they
show you like all the tension everybody
is under but it is about an atrocity and
it really took place and it really was
an atrocity these guys confessed to the
crime the confessions were well I won't
go on because I don't want to spoil
everything about it but like you know it
really was an atrocity the problem is
with the reviews and the interviews that
Kathryn Bigelow has been giving here is
Kathryn Bigelow the director on the CBS
Morning Show and just listen to what
they're saying about this movie
Entertainment Weekly says it's quote an
American Horror Story would have so deep
deeply and shamefully in home soil that
it is still painful to watch
a century later and it is painful these
are the watch and so relatable tomatoe
relate a millinery what made you want to
tell this story
well predominantly that but it is so
relatable to today when I was first
introduced to it it was right around the
time of Ferguson Missouri and I'm
thinking this is 50 years ago today and
yet it's happening today it's happening
tomorrow it's happening you know it's
recurring far too often and so I hope
that it could perhaps invite a dialogue
to encourage a bridge between an
incredible racial divide in this country
what the hell is she talking about what
the hell is she talking about this was
1967 these cops you were dealing with an
influx of people that exacerbated racism
there was racism they were all white and
you know just like having all liberals
on TV and all they do is reinforce their
opinions when you have all whites on a
police a major metropolitan police force
with a black population they're going to
do the same thing they're going to
reinforce their their you know bigoted
positions listen to this from I think
this is from USA Today it is from USA
Today
she says I've lost it oh there it is
wait a minute I will find it exactly
here it is
the very early on in the picture will
poulter the racist cop very early on
shoots a looter in the back with his
shotgun and the cop calls them in and
says hey you know I'm that's I'm going
to recommend murder charges for your
doing that and Poulter just sort of
shrugs it off he doesn't feel anything
is going to happen to us a today review
it's impossible to take in the scene
without seeing Trayvon Martin's face or
Michael Brown's well guess what I didn't
see that
why not because Michael Brown was a thug
who attacked a cop they're living in a
mythology where it's still 1967 you know
here is Heather McDonald one of our
favorites wrote the book the war on cops
just just talking in a Prager you video
about the actual statistics of police
violence against black people today this
is number nine
when it comes to the subject of American
police blacks and the deadly use of
force here is what we know
a recent deadly force study by
Washington State University researcher
Louis James found that police officers
were less likely to shoot unarmed black
suspects than unarmed whiter Hispanic
ones and simulated threat scenarios
Harvard economics professor Roland fryer
analyzed more than 1,000
officer-involved shootings across the
country he concluded that there is zero
evidence of racial bias in police
shootings in Houston he found that
blacks were 24% less likely than whites
to be shot by officers even though the
suspects were armed or violent this
movie bombed because they told us it was
about today they told us we have not
come and come anywhere they did that
that sinister thing you know Barack
Obama's policies failed they failed in
the Middle East they failed at home they
failed just about everywhere his
policies were wrong on everything as he
went on he started to play the race card
more and more and the way he did it was
on targeting police and he was targeting
the police so that federal investigators
could come in and look over the police's
shoulder and Institute the kind of 1970s
restrictions on police to cause the
upsurge in crime in the first place this
but had to be you know that way they had
to respond to with better policing they
give this with The Handmaid's Tale to
where they said oh yeah this is a story
about today the freest women who have
ever walked the face of the planet
American women's looking at a dystopian
story like the hand minute town say yeah
it's just just like now excuse me kind
of another might I you know I you know
sitting here in my my brownstone in New
York that I own you know and talk about
how I'm living through The Handmaid's
Tale I mean this is the same thing you
know we just got through an
administration with a black president a
black Attorney General a black you know
virtually you know not once there was a
black administration that's not true
but it was a fully integrated
administration but if nothing else
proved the people were going to elect a
black president twice ok we are not
living in that world to the left though
it's always this fantasy that of crisis
that gives the
because why because when there's a
crisis people get afraid and they're
willing to turn over power to the
government that is why
and it's always a crisis it's always
1967 they're always heroes standing up
for the people and it's offensive it's
offensive you know it's offensive to say
to these police officers since the 60s
policing has become so much more of a
professional occupation that cops when
you watch cops on the streets of New
York first of all they look like
everybody I mean they've got every color
of skin they're women they're men when
you watch them you are watching a highly
trained professional paramilitary force
policing one of the biggest cities on
earth excellently well I mean really
well you that is what you were watching
I'm not saying that's not an individual
racist somewhere along the line guys
who'd do bad things I'm just saying that
the idea that this film represents that
it's a good historical document it's
good to remember this stuff really
happened when the right plays it down
and says oh it wasn't so bad I was alive
it was bad it was bad black people the
treatment of black people is inexcusable
in this country there's no writing it
out of history it's a real thing it's a
real deal but the save it it keeps going
on just makes the situation worse
because it's offensive to people in a
country where whites are suffering too
with everybody's suffering only only
when you stop judging people by the
color of their skin does the injustice
stop as long as you do it you can't make
it right you cannot make it right let's
bring on have we got the lovable Michael
Mills there it is the semi lovable
Michael Mills crema is generated okay
got that he's doing how hey I listen to
the show it's the Michael Knoll show it
really is good you're doing a shocked I
mean I'm as shocked as anybody and I was
I was really tempted to just make it 45
minutes of silence that gives people
what they want but we have words in it
anyway frankly some of the best words
thank you you know all the best we've
always in marzo about it so I brought
you on because I had to talk about this
story about NASA now has and we all
remember NASA they used to do something
that they used to do Muslim outreach I
believe it.what yeah for I know in the
last eight years the primary mission of
NASA this is not hyperbole or a joke
as outreach to the Muslim world
according to director of NASA but I
don't remember what they did before that
you know what I love about the Obama
administration is was so insane that we
act and the press was kind of covering
it like was normal that we kind of
accept it I mean really I was joking in
the opening about Trump climbing to the
top of the Empire State Building with a
beautiful girl inside if that happened
it would still be less insane under the
Obama administration
so now NASA is hired a plant what do
planetary planetary protection officer
this is a good topic to talk about today
because as you can tell I took a turn on
the Sun over the weekend on the face of
the Sun so yes NASA has gone in and you
know it's funny by the way it's just
thinking that NASA's primary mission was
outreach to the Muslim world under
Barack Obama that is like the 65th most
bizarre thing in his administration
that's why we don't think about it
you're exactly right
now they're hiring the planetary
protection officer there they're
offering a 160 to 180 thousand dollar
salary for someone who has a secret
security clearance and quote advanced
knowledge of planetary protection I
don't know where you protecting us well
I hate to ask the big question but
protecting us from what exactly well
I've got obviously it has to go to Gore
I think you're absolutely right the only
guy with the credentials to do it but
what the planetary protection officer is
supposed to do is protect us from aliens
really is to protect us from really any
alien microbes and also as we explore
other planets to protect them from us
which is probably probably a better a
better bet resources are we going to
build a wall like you've got it will
work you know we're allowed to protect
against extraterrestrial aliens but not
against us real aliens that the
government can't do that that's very big
I don't want those little green men
coming or taking my job yeah they're
doing the job that Earthlings won't do
don't you know exactly exactly this is a
crisis for trying I did until you came
on here I had no idea so so what does
NASA do anything anymore seriously
they're know the answers but there is
good news on the horizon there actually
seems to have been some move in the
right direction you know in 1966 height
of the space race we're gearing up to go
to the moon
NASA constituted over 4% of the federal
budget I think is four point five or
four point four percent of the annual
federal budget today it comprises 0.47%
while the annual federal budget very
little money it's been declining ever
since then part of the reason you know
the last time we sent a human being into
a beyond low Earth orbit with 1972 Wow
really is that right Apollo 17 it was 45
years ago was the last time a human
being left near-earth orbit and the
reason for that is it's extremely
expensive it's uh not a lot of space out
there's nothing out there yeah there's
nothing out there but just to launch one
of those shuttles to go to the moon cost
seven hundred and eleven million dollars
in twenty sixteen dollars which just to
put that and that doesn't I'm sorry
that's just to build it that actually
doesn't include the cost to launch it
and to put that in perspective in twenty
sixteen dollars to build the Empire
State Building would cost about six
hundred fifty million dollars okay so I
mean you're justjust to build the thing
you have to build fifteen percent more
than a than the Empire State Building
and unless unless you get to Mars
there's nothing out there basically yeah
there's a lot of space and not a lot to
see I suppose yeah but the real story
here is that finally for the first time
in over 50 years we are beginning to
have private partnerships and have
private industry begin to explore space
and this is I think one of the
unintended consequences of the Apollo
program and the space race you know we
were able to land on the moon within
eight years of JFK calling for it which
is a pretty amazing thing but it seems
to have crowded out all of the talent
and all of the funding that could have
gone toward private space industry and
private space exploration classic
government knows every everything the
government touches turns to crap that's
right that's right and you know the road
to hell is paved with good intentions
there were some pretty good returns we
beat Russia to the moon and so on
we beat Russia to that soundstage in
Culver City and I saw that movie yeah
yeah but we you know as a result it has
there is no coincidence I think that
only as NASA as a percentage of the
federal budget has decreased basically
to nothing are you seeing people like
Elon Musk and Boeing and so on
developing private technologies and
even now there's a lot of red tape at
NASA only within the last three years
have you seen NASA starting to to
partner with individuals to try to send
astronauts to the moon commercially
rather than buying suits on on Russian
shuttles so you know it's the government
did a great thing in the 60s and then
the result is 50 to 60 years of slowed
progress so now just just to wrap this
up I have to ask this guy is literally
going to protect us from a lien microbes
you said so you're there is a great
Stewart so I'll leave it to the
government government well has never
found a job too absurd to pay people too
much money for but there was a
nine-year-old boy who applied for this
position and he ray said I I'm young
enough that I can begin to think like an
alien I think I'd be great I've seen all
of the space movies and a NASA did write
him back you know certainly he was more
qualified than anything the Ignazio
officers were doing during the Obama
administration but I as we're looking to
come up with a federal budget looking
for all this money to have tax reform
and Obama care perhaps the planetary
protection officer it's not not totally
new that get a job all right Michael
voles is the host of the Michael nul
show now which is absolutely terrific
turn it on and I hope it will be just
completely silent like your book yes sir
we'll go right to number one good
talking did all right we got to talk
about this Google thing you know because
this is classic and you know a Google
document has been going around and when
it went viral some guy they don't know
who it is some tech guy in Google went
off on the what culture of diversity the
enforced diversity and the attempt to
bring more women in and all the stuff
and the thing about this document he
sent out an internal memo is it
it's bleeds goodwill you know it's just
like I come for diversity I understand
all this stuff but we have to deal with
the facts and he talks about the fact
that conservatives conservative voices
are completely silenced there's so much
I and I know this for a fact because I
wrote a script
for a nap and we were dealing with I
guess it was Apple and the just the
left-wing and buried in there there are
conservatives but the left-wing culture
is so powerful so this guy sends out a
thing saying at Google were regularly
told that implicit unconscious and
explicit bias biases are holding women
back in tech and leadership of course
men and women experience biased tech and
the workplace differently and we should
be cognizant of this but it's far from
the whole story on average men and women
biologically differ in many ways okay so
so far right there's nothing exceptional
these differences aren't just socially
constructed because they're universal
across human cultures and this is true
there is no culture in which men and
women perform the same tasks none there
never has been there's never been a
culture in which men and women perform
the same tasks they're always a dividing
line because men and women are different
because some of them are men and some of
them are women so here are some things
that he says are different about women
women have more openness directed
towards feelings and aesthetics rather
than ideas women generally also have a
stronger interest in people rather than
things relative to men also interpreters
empathizing versus systemising this is
true
observation shows us and of course there
are exceptions to every rule it's always
on a bell curve but he's speaking
generally he says these two differences
is in part explain why women relatively
prefer jobs in social or artistic areas
more men may like coding because it
requires systematizing and even within
these tech jobs comparatively more women
work on the front end which deals with
both people and aesthetics we always
will ask why we don't see women in top
leadership positions but we never ask
why we see so many men in these jobs
these positions often require long
stressful hours that may not be worth it
if you want a balanced and fulfilling
life
why do men destroy because status is big
deal to women if a men men care a lot
about status it's a primary metrics he
says the manager goes on and on and all
I'm saying about this is it's common
sense right this is like just absolutely
what everybody knows of course
they went nuts this thing went viral and
one of the guys said oh you know a lot
more people agree with this than I would
like this is really bad
classic I want to read Justin's one
reaction because it's kind of typical of
the reactions this is from a former
Google engineer Erica Baker who actually
got some press by writing about
diversity and she says I am disappointed
but unsurprised by the news that an anti
diversity sexist manifesto is making the
rounds at Google this is not entirely
new behavior google has seen hints of
this in the past with employees sharing
blog posts about their racist beliefs
and the occasional internal mailing list
question innocently asking if black
people aren't more likely to be violent
what is new is that this which by the
way there's nothing to do with this
about I mean what is new is that this
employee felt safe enough to write and
share an eight-page sexist screed
internally aside from how they're going
to repair the damage of this event of
which there will be much is so damaging
that what this guy said the most
important question we should be asking
leaders at Google and that they should
be asking themselves is why is the
environment at Google such that racist
and sexist feel supported and safe in
sharing these views in the company I
mean this is it's in fact not just on
what he's saying it's not arguing it
it's an attack on his right to say it
and his right to express but I think our
normal common sense opinions and this
was the reaction throughout this is a
false free speech thing oh you know I'm
hiding behind the First Amendment
someone else said you know it went viral
because it's so obviously true and the
way the left works is not just by
propagating their nonsense but also
silencing the truth because the truth is
so powerful that it bowls over their
nonsense whenever it gets out so they
have to tamp it down and silence it and
this is the stuff that makes people
insane
this is the stuff that makes for the the
blowback that they get you know when
people start to say you know when people
somebody says to you hey I'm for
diversity let women do whatever they
want but they may not want to do all the
things that you want them to do they may
well you know you may you may not
actually they may not actually be right
to write on your daughter's Disney
Princess book and tell her that she
can't be who she wants to be it may not
be right to tell a woman that she should
be interested in this when she's just
not that maybe
in fact oppressive in and of itself that
voice has to be silenced and that's the
sort of stuff this that creates the
fantasy world in which an intelligent
woman like Kathryn Bigelow can make a
movie about 1967 Detroit and think she's
making a movie about today it's only
because they will not listen to any
other voice that disturbs their fantasy
all right stuff I like we have to
celebrate Robert Mitchum it's aside
yesterday I think would have been his
hundredth birthday one of the great
tough-guy film more actors and a
conservative people don't know this he
was I think his son actually went into
conservative Republican politics I'll do
it I'll do a film a day here is one of
his greatest films the night of the
hunter 1955 it was directed by the great
great British actor Charles Laughton it
had Mitchum Shelley Winters and Lillian
Gish and it was screenplay by the very
famous journalist James Agee
based on a novel by Davis Grubb and make
him place this preacher who for various
reasons he's a psychopathic serial
killer and he's hunting down these
children and the children take refuge in
the all-american home and he comes after
them and does his routine this is the
routine that he always does when he's
preaching about he's got love and hate
written on his right and left hand and
he uses that business sermon ah a little
lad just aired it my fingers did like me
to take up a little story of right hand
left hand the story is good and evil h80
II it was with this left hand that old
brother Cain struck the blow that laid
his brother low l.o.v.e you see these
fingers dear hearts these fingers has
veins that run straight to the soul of
man the right hand friends the hand of
love now watch and I'll show you the
story of life these fingers dear hearts
is always a war and a tug in one against
another now watch him oh brother left
hand left hand hates a-fightin and it
looks like love's are gonna but wait a
minute
wait a minute I dog loves Odin yes siree
it's not that one a no left 10 haters
down for that cup midterm he lived an
adventurous life he was on a chain gang
for a while he was a wandering like hobo
basically and it gave him a very
interesting perspective great
performance in night of the hunter which
affected all of the great directors
today all the directors who loved C saw
night at 100 cuz it was filmed almost
like a silent film and it's really
interesting to watch tomorrow we have
the great viewing Lomborg on one of the
only rational voices in the
environmental discussion we will be here
and you will be here too if you know
what's good for you I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show
