the problem with medicare-for-all is
that when people say that it's
affordable this isn't affordable to the
person who has the Medicare it is not
affordable to the country
in fact it's so unaffordable to the
country that the state of California was
a nutjob leftist state just refused to
even pass Medicare for all because it
would have immediately doubled the debt
as far as the idea that Medicare that
medical care is it's a right but it's
not actually a good or a service this is
a way to make things less plentiful if
you declare things right but you don't
actually incentivize a creation of those
things you don't get more of them so the
South African Constitution has right in
there that health care is a right that
housing is a right the fact is that you
don't have good housing or health care
in South Africa because just declaring
things rights does not make them appear
what makes more things appear is a
market-based system that creates more
doctors that creates more medical care
that creates more incentive for people
to join up this is why I say that it is
better to treat things as good than is
right because declaring something a
right just means that you have the right
to steal it from me
but declaring something a good means
that you get a market process that leads
to lower prices and better care over
time and the big problem we've had
before Obamacare is that it was already
treated quasi as a right
you had it heavily regulated on the
state level it is continually heavily
regulated but it was a completely
unregulated market it's absolute
nonsense
the reason you have employer-based
health insurance in the first place was
as a response to wage and price controls
placed in the aftermath of World War two
and employers began giving health
insurance as an actual good right they
gave it as an actual incentive to their
employees if you had an actual
individual based health insurance market
you bought it just like about your car
insurance you would see more and better
health care for everyone
