so just a minute it's no problem just
say it say I love big government it's
okay so you're talking about when you
like tax when when you're rich and you
want Texas oh I don't want the
government I want small government but
when it's convenient for you you like
oil subsidies and you'd like Wars and
you'd like to meddle in people's private
lives then you love big government
anyone look I need to respond to finish
a up definitely me okay so first of all
I'd like to point out that shanks big
government small government economy was
proposed by you not by me I talked about
the proper scope of the government
involved in particular areas the same
way that you do and we may disagree on
all of that my point is that overall if
you're talking about the level of
government spending it needs to go down
and you believe that really needs to go
up okay so it's it's not on Ward those
no but overall not on the war on drugs
I don't think so many of those ways
overall for the lit overall you want the
federal budget increased overall I would
like the federal budget budget decreased
to pretend that this is not true is to
lie okay and when you suggest that there
is no difference between you know we
just have different visions of what the
government should cover these things
cost different things
okay the war in Iraq was very expensive
you know it's more expensive Social
Security Medicare and Medicaid
all of these are vastly more expensive
than the war we paid into it now as far
as again going back to this idea going
back to this idea that again I don't
like this big government dichotomy any
more than you do in the sense that you
say well it's big government for the
government to get inside people's rooms
and I say that is the government's job
to preserve life liberty and property
and one of those things is why
