specializing and that is because of
asexual costing that occurred very
publicly at the hands of our next guest
it was it was something it was
everything we hoped it would be
he is the host adventure Pierrot show on
The Daily wire calm and now it's growing
I think it has millions of plays
legendary his debate with chink wigger
been that you were being on the show sir
hey thanks for thanks for having me as
always I mean it's always wonderful to
see you and watch you dance and just
think to myself what have I done with my
life yes I know I know imagine me
looking at myself on the monitor I look
at a nice even I don't like myself Hey
so a shank we go now you're making the
rounds you you're everywhere it's like
chlamydia I see you everywhere now
you're in Joe Rogan and I mean a
complementary by the way you got
yourself checked right after the debate
because you went in deep what was it
like for you prepping getting ready what
did you expect with the nest de souza on
next which we'll talk about with him was
a big turning point in the chanc thing
because he always went low what were you
expecting yes I think that you know I'd
watched the last couple of debates how
he's kind of Scout out my opponents in
debates I've watched shanks debates with
Ann Coulter and then I watched his
debate with Dinesh and it seemed like it
was the same tactic over and over which
was he would pull some quote from 10
years ago that somebody said and then he
would and then he would say well I
remember you were us and then as soon as
they start defending it he would
immediately swivel the crowd like
physically swivel to the crowd and then
say what is really saying the race list
right that was that was the routine see
I hear your impression when I wonder
what I'm doing with my life but I want
you to continue yeah exactly so I
prepped for it like that was what was
going to happen like like he was going
to come after me you know with quotes
that are 15 years old and trying to take
something out of context and so I had
you know with me a stack of crap that
was just like I was I was fully prepared
if he had gone low then we would have
talked to our meeting in China side for
an hour that was my immediate followup
with our Mannion genocide included yeah
I mean that there was definitely
material there if he had if he had
called me an Islamophobe I would have
read quotes that he had stated about his
won back in 2005 like I really had
prepped it and so I was ready to go and
I think two things sort of threw him off
one was that in the greenroom I was very
cordial to him but I don't think that
would have mattered to him so much I
think that what really threw him off is
that the last couple of times
with Dinesh when he did those debates
there were it was it was definitely a
majority Young Turks army room right it
was definitely his people and so you can
play to your people and when your people
are there you play them when he walked
out I mean first of all the crowd that
showed up for my Town Hall was supposed
to like 300 people they had to move the
room because a thousand people who
showed up and then for the debate they
originally had it slated for a thousand
person room and 3,000 people showed up
and probably two-thirds of them or
people who are fans of the show so that
meant that he walked out he got booed
and so I think in that moment he
realized okay if I go low and Shapiro
hits me with Armenian Genocide it could
be I mean it could legitimately in my
career I may get serious problem I don't
think that were there was that amount of
more thought I think you just seen the
feedback from the national thing we know
we'll have the national nap a little too
Dinesh is is obviously a formidable
debater but he's used to a certain level
of decorum with like hitchens or i think
he would debate with dawkins even though
they would be mentally disagree they
wouldn't go your wife divorce your
boogers you know that wasn't what they
did right um and by the way did you at
any point when he was literally sit and
I'm not misusing literally but when he
was literally saying of course did you
feel like you were possibly debating my
impression of Jer well there were a
couple points where I I started grinning
because it's like all of a sudden you
Crowder's in my head you know I'm just
looking across the room and it's like
it's like those old Popeye cartoons
where you're stuck on a rowboat with
somebody at Oakland with a hamburger I'm
looking across the stage and suddenly
chank chank looks exactly like steven
crowder in the chanc outfit shouting of
course google it so yeah I mean listen
to I was happy with it with it just
because I was happy you stayed substance
of I mean for an hour it was actually a
pretty substantive debate we did
healthcare and we did taxes and it was
only at the very end he tried to drop in
the Southern Strategy crap which of
course doesn't fly with me because I
know too much about that stuff so it was
he tried that with with Dinesh for an
hour and every time Dinesh tried to get
a word in edgewise he would then
demagogue destroyed stronger and your
bullshit that was writing a fight I
think you were ready for this I think a
lot of people there was sort of even
just two years ago with the era of a
world war legitimate media and so Young
Turks were just seen as youtubers and
now we know that they're every bit as
big and influential as traditional media
so we've done our homework so that where
you were prepared for you understood
what what it is that they brought to the
table and I also think again there was a
turning point
people have realized that's what shank
does and people have seen his playbook
but I do wanna ask you some more
questions after I wouldn't necessarily
say he was super substantive or that it
was unbelievably cordial but I do well I
think you were but I do want to let's
roll a couple of clips let's see the
first one for people who haven't watched
the debate please go watch they have the
whole debate up at Daley wire.com a
couple of highlights let's see the first
one if money was speech well then if you
go to a hooker and you say oh no I
office er I was just talking to her okay
money is the hot speech
final point here when you say money in
politics again again I ask you buddy
roemer gave you four million dollars to
start TYT what did he expect in return
should he not have given you money was
money not speech it was just money I
throws for the hooker I assume so argue
the prostitute how's this one it is
every bit as bad as I thought it would
be but that was pretty I think it was
substantial because he was trying i
wouldn't say getting personal
but again trying to imply character
flaws of manipulating elections and you
flip that on him so i think even when he
was trying to present somewhat cordial
appearance that wasn't what was really
happening for more proof let's go to
another clip naki jared are we ready yep
alright let's go to the clip if you want
to get money out of politics and then
you said the young person cannot donate
money to politicians I'd say of course
our sole point of getting money out of
politics young person super 6-ounce we
have 80 million uniques it's wonderful
view that Bernie Sanders would care more
if you gave him ten thousand dollars or
if you dedicated your entire networks of
kissing his ass for an election cycle
oh but where would you pick up same shot
the one game he didn't like but God
chose his people you said you you just
you prepared for him some people take a
different approach with debates
it's just be generally prepared like
there are fighters who say I never watch
tape on my opponent I just worry about
me now I've always taken a different
approach I wouldn't consider myself
anywhere in your league as far as
debating but we happen to have a lot of
leftist in the show I think you need a
base level of being prepared for
anything
you know it's jack-of-all-trades master
of one is the original term and then
watch tape to prepare as best as you can
for this individual especially someone
like Schenk who goes rogue how do you
prepare in general for your debate this
Dennis really does differ by person so
you know they're they're people who have
greater expertise on a specific topic
than I do right if I were to debate
somebody on global warming I'd really
wanted to a deep dive into global
warming before I did the debate because
they probably have a higher level of
expertise on the particulars than I do
before I do my research but you know
when it's a general debate like with
Chang then you sort of just have to look
at his tactics so the truth is that the
stuff that we ended up debating on was
not stuff that I had prepped the stuff
that we ended up debating on was was
almost like there was a list of
questions that the moderator was was
going to talk about and that went out
the window pretty much right away so
just turned into a general debate about
all these issues like I knew the chanc
likes to talk about money in politics so
I'd done my research about you know
where he got his funding for example
what you see in those clips but okay we
have a female governor right Luisi has
that was in a former Republican Romer in
Louisiana and then I also mentioned you
know right after I said that about about
him receiving money from Buddy Roemer I
said you know are you in the pay of the
qatari is also about Al Jazeera like I
had you know III done the research on
that sort of stuff because I figured
that was going to come up but most of
the stuff I prep didn't actually come up
I mean again I had like I had pages and
pages of research that I'd done to
prepare for him going rogue in a number
of certain ways and when he didn't do
that then it just turned into sort of a
normal political debate and that's the
stuff that's or my bread-and-butter so
normal political debate about issues
like health care and tax tax rates that
stuff that I can do off the top of my
head because I've just been doing it for
so long right I like I like I would say
that hit us if you were to Nash who had
the debate with Chang on those topics
and that's sort of done fine right like
that is the it was mega
to the yeah the issue was he just went
to prison and divorce it really is you
know Dinesh's is a good boxer Marcus
Queensberry rules and the way that some
of these debates are there just MMA I
mean and it's fine when you go in
fighting Conor McGregor thinking that
it's going to be boxing rules but and I
recommend that if Conor McGregor is
losing in the 11th round that he gonna
lose anyway he may as well just throw a
roundhouse kick it at Floyd Mayweather
knock him out and then that's the end of
the debate so just to save face and say
you're a boxer you'll get your nothing
you don't come often
that's enough would might be the
greatest end to any match ever though
like if they have this whole boxing
match and McGregor is just getting his
ass kicked because he's not a boxer and
then it's very anything you know just
screw it just screw it and he just a
roundhouse Chuck Norris roundhouse kick
to the face Mayweather goes flying out
of the ring and then he's unconscious
and you see the referee just go pick up
his car from cos he won that'd be
amazing it'd be great TV I also would
pay to see you roundhouse kicked Ching
but you know he'd be wearing a proper
headgear because we're civilized here um
you know it's odd we've never once been
invited to politican now I do think that
shank is specifically requested we not
go and I don't blame him after we showed
up to Chang's panel as chink but I
remember years ago when Lee Doren had a
very small channel shank invited him out
to politican I was in a room was like
maybe 50 people same kind of thing
got very personal and what he tries to
do is cut people off at the past okay
right this is what Republicans do when
they say this but really and that's
actually a very clever debating
technique it's insanely in combat where
you learn okay see you know I'm gonna
step away from his power and counter
same kind of issue and he would handpick
people there was a thing he would pick
on this channel when I had 50 something
thousand subscribers couldn't get enough
of it apparently and now it's like her
name is Voldemort he won't even speak of
it so when did you know that you were
invited to politican and was this a
mutual decision or did they just offer
shank you and he accepted no so it was
sort of mutual so what happened is that
I had done politican last year I debated
or two years ago I debated Sally cone
and that drew a big crowd and got some
attention and then this year obviously
we've grown in size since then I mean we
there we have a lot more followers since
then and so politican approached us and
they gave us a list of people they said
well you can be on this panel or this
town under this panel or you can do a
debate and I said well I'd obviously
prefer to do a debate than a panel
because what the hell I
and they give us a list of people who to
debate and we were the ones who actually
said you know if we're going to do this
give us chanc let's do this thing and
then shanks people were and then shanks
people were like yeah that sounds good
and then if you notice like in the
run-up to it
he was so cocky to do he was so cocktail
welcome in the run-up to it I didn't do
what I think I actually if you remember
the debate with dinner she leads off by
saying well Dinesh you came in here and
he said you were going to kick my ass
right I didn't do a lot of the kind of
trash-talking boxing match stuff
beforehand instead I basically said
let's have a cordial conversation and
that sort of force sank into a corner a
little bit because now if I tend to
boxing Max and he could come out he
could do the whole you know he used her
to kick Mario's well you're a jerk you
know and instead instead I said let's
have a cordial conversation and so it
became okay who's the first person who's
going to punch below the belt and if we
don't punch if he doesn't punch below
the belt
then it's the debate is not going to go
in his favor if he does punch below the
belt that's what I was prepared for so I
was prepared for he was going to punch
below the belt if he had done what what
his typical tactic was I was going to
actually do it back to him what he does
or I was going to deconstruct his tactic
so I think that's different about you
and I think it's important to note and
this is kind of something we do on this
show we always do we match intensity we
had my first person jiu-jitsu instructor
when I was a white belt he said you know
he was resilient if you go if you go
mild they're gonna go mild
you como spicy rope your partner gonna
como spicy and I was we always learned
you know you give and take and so that's
how a white belt rolls the black belt
you don't hurt yourself in Italian cook
nothing that was what are you going to
go spicy so I'm with fine and I remember
this because it was very clear like you
match the intensity of your opponent and
that's where we've had super civil
dialogues with mark Duplass beau and
Christopher Titus came on and just said
you don't care about X amount of
children dead with guns you do have to
address it and I think you do that well
because most of your conversations are
like this are productive I do think tank
went a little below the belt with a
couple of them but but you're not afraid
to hit back and I think that's the big
difference generational is you don't go
there but you are willing to match
intensity would you say that's a fair
assessment I do think that's a fair
assessment I think that this is I mean
not that not to get broader but I think
this is one of the reasons that Trump
won is because there was a feeling like
he's willing to not only match intensity
but go further than the intensity level
that's necessary and if you're on the
right you've been watching Republicans
get kicked around for years you figure
okay who's going to punch back Trump's
the only one who's going
match intensity and we can't do the kind
of Mitt Romney asked let's have a
cordial debate routine when they're
saying that you're strapping dogs to the
top of cars and putting women in binders
and putting y'all back and change and so
Trump never felt like that so I think a
lot of Republicans resonated to that
right so I think that's that's sort of
the same thing here that's been my
shtick for a long time though is the
idea that if you go low I'm happy to do
that I mean that's that's been forever
since Piers Morgan so that's nothing new
although you didn't strangle the tranny
who grabbed you on that show well then I
would have paid good money for you to
zero back and go uh-huh I can do the
Vulcan death grip as well and just see
what and just let the cards fall where
they may
well also there's that would not have
gone well for a variety of reasons I
mean if that's one of those things where
it's like if you do that and and you
knock somebody who's transgender off a
barstool in CNN studios you go to jail
and if you don't then you just got your
ass handed to you by by former Bob Kerr
so that's that that's just not there's
only one way to handle it just a gentle
SEC tip just so that way you get them or
you go oh proven wrong I tip my hat to
you sir that's the only way College
again everybody what I do with my life
you know listen don't wonder anymore
because the questions been answered okay
let me give you one final question is
there any inside baseball anything that
happened behind the scenes that people
don't know about did you meet Ana
Kasparian
did something happen behind this with or
something there's something I cease
Marcus you leave or shave get behind
okay so you know I think that thinking
that the only thing that happened behind
the scenes that it was it was very weird
they moved to the entire venue like
within an hour and so he moved over
there and they take us this tiny green
room and the green room is legitimately
like shank and shanks assistant and May
and so it's just the three of us sitting
there talking for a while and so that
had some some interesting moments that I
don't really want to get into but it was
it was it was interesting I'll put it
that was interesting then afterward I'm
not sure how happy Chang was with the
whole thing
just because again I'm not sure that he
was used to the idea of there being this
many people who are not Pro him in the
crowd
I mean honestly we were shocked by it we
were shocked he walked out and I was
figuring going in that every year I
believed he Whitey's a natural
co-sponsor of Politico so I was
expecting to walk out there and it to be
an entire army of TYT fans and when we
walked out there and it was
like two to one against shank that I
think dramatically changed the terms of
engagement a little bit which actually
tells the audience was pretty silly your
audience is pretty simple because it
sounded like half half it sounded but
pretty much I wouldn't have guessed two
thirds we kind of guessed half half but
your audience isn't as much of the the
Train feels could just clap when you
mentioned someone's prison sentence or
divorce I was really glad to see it I
hope to see more like this I was glad
that it was as productive as it was I
think he did a great job I returned
listen enable sadistic you know we my
rib you a lot because you know your
tumbler sucks but I will say this you
are like shanira it travels audibly look
at this hand etched I don't know what
people are thinking when you see someone
coming up I've known Ben for almost a
decade now it is like I used to
recommend for a long time people say
what do you recommend I read I would say
Thomas soul when I was John Stossel I
know a lot of people don't necessarily
think of him first great books and I
will say I recommend ben shapiro to a
lot of first-timers shapiro levin i
think he's become one of those prolific
writers and debaters and i think people
would do well to study his blueprint he
is kind of the guy to look to when it
comes to this and being prepared there
you go there's a compliment that's what
you're doing with your life you came
here for that daily wire calm the ben
shapiro show available everyone iTunes
Ben thank you sir I know you're tired go
go have some many cheves and relax
I definitely well thanks so much and
then try to recover from the
circumcision you recently underwent
along with those sidelocks
