why do you think that you had to break
from March for our lives why not stick
around and try and change the thing from
the inside for example well at the end
of the day March for our lives
advocating for things that I'm currently
not advocating for now when a policy
stance I agree with March for our lives
almost entirely and they are currently
involved with advocating for policy
change they're involved with raising
awareness about gun violence in parts of
the country that are very often
forgotten and I have tremendous amount
of respect for that and I'm proud of my
friends truly I believe that my friends
are great people who really want the
country to be a better place and I'm
proud to cheer them on to the future
proud to help but right now I'm focused
more on social things I'm focused more
on the fact that we all have that family
member that's why we can't talk about
Trump at Thanksgiving and and I think
that we need to destabilize these
conversations March for our lives is a
is advocating for policy I'm advocating
for for conversation so I couldn't be
connected to March for our lives when I
was so focused on other things it was
bad for March for lives it was bad for
me I'm proud of my friends I always will
be and I'm doing something else
so what what are the conversations that
you're trying to pursue obviously you're
here so this is part of the conversation
we'll talk policy in a little bit but
what are the other kind of conversations
you're trying to pursue and how are you
going about doing that I think that the
strangely enough the conversation that
needs to be pursued is the conversation
about conversations is the fact that you
know if I'm speaking to somebody who
does not share my views on abortion that
does not mean that they are they want to
kill babies or they want to oppress
women I think that if I'm talking to
somebody about the israel-palestine
issue and they one side of the issue
doesn't net doesn't hate Jews and one
side of the issue doesn't hate
Palestinians I think that we need to
stop it you said this to me before we
need to stop the left and the right need
to stop attacking each other's worst
arguments I think that's a big problem
so I'm here to say well where can not
even where can we agree but how can we
approach this respectfully
