well summer and you know what that means
it's summer and as you rush off to
vacation or a day at the beach I know
all of you will want to be careful to
keep your environmental-impact down to a
minimum he I don't give a crap either
but according to an article by Julie
Kelly at National Review climate
scientists are now issuing reports on
how to have summer fun without
increasing climate change and without
having summer fun these are real
suggestions from actual climate
scientists a study by researchers at
Sweden's lund university recommends that
you cut down on climate change by having
one fewer child you can accomplish this
by putting little Timmy in the backseat
of the SUV waiting down the gas pedal
with a brick and then jumping out from
behind the wheel just before the car
goes over a clip if the police become
suspicious just tell them you did it to
cut down on climate change and also
little Timmy wouldn't stop listening to
the Spongebob Squarepants theme song at
top volume over and over again
if the police accuse you of being an
asterick of sociopath just tell them you
got the idea from climate scientists and
that should explain it other
environmentalist suggestions for how to
have non climate changing summer non-fun
include eating a plant-based diet you
can even grow your own plants such as
grass then feed the grass to a cow kill
the cow and have a barbeque mmm nothing
like some plant-based steak to make a
summer to make summer a blast climate
scientists also recommend that you
refrain from using a car or airplane
this summer so for good climate II fun
when your summer vacation rolls around
you can just walk to an exciting holiday
locale like the parking lot of the
7-eleven on the corner or just stay home
and maybe make love to the wife have a
child then put the child in the back of
the SUV and drive it off a cliff so you
don't affect the climate another study
trying to ruin your summer for no reason
comes from James Hanson Hanson is known
as the fire father of climate change I'm
sorry she's known as the father of gly
Machane awareness the father of climate
change awareness is of course married to
the mother of alien invasion
preparedness and they have three
adorable children of silly panic over
nothingness
all right I'm making this up now Hansen
says it's no longer enough to reduce
carbon emissions we have to actually
pull the carbon out of the atmosphere
this will require an expenditure of
around 500 trillion dollars to develop
technology that allows us to see carbon
molecules and pluck them out of the air
so if you pass a group of people wearing
gigantic electronic glasses plucking at
the air with tweezers and shouting ooh I
got a molecule you'll know you're among
people with the same scientific
credibility of climate scientists now
though I kid around about climate change
I must admit I have noticed that the
weather has mysteriously gotten much
hotter recently and I myself am taking
important environmental steps to ensure
it gets cooler by October like waiting
for October
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show climate
change you there was a story yesterday
at Al Gore's homes use thirty four times
as much energy as the average American
home so but but it's ok when he does it
I know it's ok when he does it because
he's Al Gore so he's working he's
working to save the climate so if he's
using you know the whole thing about
this is I will believe there is a panic
when the people who are telling me to
panic panic until they panic I'm not
panicking anyway you know nowadays we go
online Oh Christian Toto is going to be
here we're going to be talking about
movies and we will stay on and let you
watch the whole thing wherever you are
as you can see Christian toto he's from
Hollywood in toto and we'll be talking
about movies Disney Princesses and all
kinds of things ah which I know is I
know you love those Disney Princess I
they say they told me they called them
complain they say you will not leave us
alone
and we're animated so it's really
uncomfortable you know nowadays we shop
for everything we shop we go on a trip
we shop to get the best hotel the
cheapest hotel the cheapest plane plane
ride everything we do online but people
don't think about this when it comes to
mortgages and the reason is they don't
really know what a mortgage is you know
mortgage obviously you get for your
house but you're basically renting money
you're renting money because guy says
this house is going to cost quarter of
million half a million million bucks not
all of us can go into our wallets and
just take out that money so we rent the
money from the bank we pay them in
interest you can shop around for cheaper
mortgages and you can do it at
LendingTree that is the way to do it you
go to Lending Tree here's the thing the
average person who goes to let me assure
you all it is is it's a website where
you can get people to come and compete
to give you a mortgage
the average Lending Tree customer can
save twenty thousand dollars over the
life of the loan that's the average so
half of those people are saving more
than twenty grand which a lot of though
when you're looking for a new mortgage
refinance or home equity loan Lending
Tree is the only place where you get to
up to five real offers from America's
top lenders and
pair side by side for free it takes
about three minutes and probably the
bank that you were going to go to is
already on there a lot of people just go
to one bank and don't compare mortgages
they don't shop like you do for
everything else it's like shopping for
flights online except you're shopping
for the best mortgage offers for you
rates go he's always go up and down but
regardless of what's happening with the
rates you can always get the right offer
for you with Lending Tree dot-com find
out how much you can save today at
Lending Tree dot-com / Clavin that's
Lending Tree comm / Clavin oh you know I
thought you would never ask because que
que la VA n Lending Tree comm / Clavin
Lending Tree LLC in MLS number one one
three six terms and conditions apply but
you got a shot for everything including
a mortgaging you can save an average
savings is 20,000 bucks
so yesterday I got a say Stephen Miller
Stephen Miller is a star that you know
people act like Stephen Miller just
appeared on the scene yesterday because
there was this big dust-up with Jim
Acosta that kind of blowhard no nothing
show voter from CNN and but Stephen
Miller I remember talking about him
almost a year ago because he went on the
sunday shows and he just ate those
people for lunch it was like like they
had released a lion into the thing and
he is the big speech writer he wrote
that warsaw speech pretty much i mean i
think there's a lot obviously these
speeches go through a lot of drafts and
everything like this with steven miller
has just been a star and he came so so
yesterday i just have to i have to play
this because I just think Jim Acosta is
the reason we hate the media I mean he
is like he's like the poster boy of bad
news media he is the poster boy you know
if you had to say what is fake news it
would be Jim Acosta would be the face on
that poster so yesterday Donald Trump
announces this thing the Rays plan and
he's going to rationalize the legal
immigration system this is the system
where you come in and get a green card
and you probably have met people who get
green course it's hard I mean people
come in from Canada with real
qualifications but they come in with
real qualification it's hard to get a
green card but we kind of give them away
to people who don't have any skills and
can't
speak English and you know they the only
thing they can say in English is like we
want to kids everybody here and that's
all good we'll give you a green card so
Donald Trump made the announcement that
he is going to rationalize this plan the
decades the United States was operated
and has operated a very low-skilled
immigration system issuing record
numbers of green cards to low wage
immigrants this policy is placed
substantial pressure on American workers
taxpayers and community resources among
those hit the hardest in recent years
have been immigrants and very
importantly minority workers competing
for jobs against brand-new arrivals and
it has not been fair to our people to
our citizens to our workers the race Act
ends chain migration and replaces our
low-skilled system with a new
points-based system for receiving a
green card this competitive application
process will favor applicants who can
speak English financially support
themselves and their families
and demonstrate skills that will
contribute to our economy so so here's
the thing that you know this is from
senators that was Tom cotton and David
Perdue standing on either side of the
president and this is just rational
everybody wants to come to America
everybody that means it's a buyers
market it's our market everybody wants
to come to America I lived in England
for seven years when I came in they made
sure that I could support myself they
you know that I got a fast-track because
I was doing well and bringing money in
and all this stuff in the country has a
right to bring in the best people the
people who will serve the country we are
they want to come here so it's not a
charity it's a country and it's not
compassionate it is not compassionate
they want to come here because we are
the light of the world politically and
if you want to keep the light of the
world burning you got to treat it well
you can't just bring in everybody and
give you know that nowadays you know the
other thing about this is this is what
Canada does this is basically Canada's
policy rolling stone had to discover do
we have this picture of this cover with
Justin Bieber their prime minister
Justin Trudeau or Justin Bieber I always
get the two of them
confused I think Bieber is the one who
has some kind of political a common
sense but Justin Trudeau is though it
was Justin Trudeau's got this dreamy
picture of him like he's like a you know
the teen rock star or something like
this
this is why can he be your president
well guess what now he is Donald Trump
is doing what Canada does and so of
course this is awful it's bigotry it's
awful with the people troops so Acosta
now you remember Jim Acosta is this
loudmouth this blowhard who went off on
the fact that they stopped the Sean
Spicer stopped for a while having
cameras at the White House press
briefings why because Sean Acosta when
you put a camera on him suddenly becomes
the Shawn Acosta show you light the shot
across the Jim Acosta the Jim Acosta
show you know suddenly it's the Jim
Acosta show and he asked what had to be
one of these stupidest questions I have
ever seen anybody ask in a White House
briefing and that's saying something
this is cut number three what's the
problem with this rationale this
rational immigration program first of
all right now it's a requirement to be
naturalized yet to speak English so the
notion that speaking English wouldn't be
a part of immigration systems would be
actually very a historical secondly I
don't want to get off into a whole thing
about history here but the Statue of
Liberty is a symbol of Liberty
enlightening the world is a symbol of
American liberty lighting the world the
poem that you're referring to it was
added later it's not actually part of
the original Statue of Liberty but more
fundamentally its history more
fundamental they're saying exactly not
represent I'm saying that when the
center is ocean not of anything the
notion that the claims of this missing
the notion sorry
no verify you that sounds yeah they a
suit that sounds like some national park
revisionism no
sachit memory it has always I mean yet
out home to the world yet for people to
say do you believe to this country and
they're not always going to see a much
needed yeah so we played that out of
order but it what he starts out by doing
and I won't go back and play it but he
starts out by doing is he starts up by
reading the Emma Lazarus poem give me
your poor your tie your your seasoning
that's right so and and Miller schools
in one the fact I look it's a nice poem
it really is it's a nice poem and Miller
schools him on the fact that it was put
on afterwards the poem was written to
raise money I think for the pedestal of
the Statue of Liberty the Statue of
Liberty was originally created as a sign
of the Enlightenment that linked France
and America the ideas of Liberty that's
why it's called the Statue of Liberty
the idea of Liberty that links France
and America and that was one of the
reasons we supported each other in our
revolutions and all this stuff so he is
quoting it as if it's the constitution
and Miller proceeds first he tells him
the truth that it was put on afterwards
but the point about it is is we don't
set our eating it's a nice poem we don't
set our laws by poems
so now Miller says well what would be
the right Emma Lazarus poem law to have
as a cup number four in 1970 when we let
in three hundred thousand people a year
with that violating or not violating the
Statue of Liberty law of the land in
nineteen in the 1990s when it was half a
million a year
was it violating or not violating the
Statue of Liberty law of the land
what is seven five thousand irrational
tell me what years and you tell me what
years tell me what years me tell me what
years meet Jim Acosta definition of the
Statue of Liberty home law of the land
but what you have to the pole so of
course but now looks like an idiot and
on even on left-wing media like even on
the scarborough show they're saying that
a costume made a fool of himself but
they said well miller was rude and
miller miller to me just did what he had
to do i mean this is absurd that this
guy comes in and he's going to make this
a debate you can hear he won't even like
miller filling finish a sentence how can
you learn anything if you don't listen
right
if you're a reporter you're trying to
get information you're not schooling
anybody Miller knows more in that little
finger of his about immigration than
Acosta will ever know he knows more
about the policies of immigration so
this I mean this goes on and it gets
worse and worse and worse and he Acosta
starts to complain about the fact that
they're what they want English speakers
and he says well you can hear me he says
well if you have English speakers he'll
only have people from Australia and
Canada and Miller just rips into pieces
listeners whole notion of well they
could learn you know they have to learn
English before they in the United States
are we just going to bring in people
from Great Britain Australia Joe is
actually I on a Thursday I am shocked at
your statement that you think that only
people from Great Britain and Australia
would know English it's actually it
reveals your cosmopolitan bias to a
shocking degree that in your mind now
this is an amazing this is an amazing
moment this is an amazing moment that
you'd think only people from Great
Britain or Australia would speak English
it's so insulting to millions of
hard-working immigrants who do speak
English from all over the world Tim if
you honestly Jim have you honestly never
met a an immigrant from another country
who speak English outside of Great
Britain in Australia is that your
personal experience forceable just took
this and just just so you know though
that the I mean acosta goes on
afterwards after after he's just
destroyed and he goes on and this is the
report he files I mean this is a cut
number seven so just you know this
basically he is representing CNN this
blowhard this guy who thinks the Emma
Lazarus poem is something it's a
sentimental poem is going to set our
immigration policy and that we don't
have a right to have the same kinds of
protections for our country that Canada
and Australia does this is the way he
goes on and reports this on CNN this is
remember a theoretically objective News
guy on CNN which keeps telling us it's
not fake news here's Jim Acosta x'
report on this I think it's x this White
House has an unhealthy fixation on what
I call the 3ms of the Mexicans the
Muslims in the media that their policies
attended
crafted around bashing one of those
three groups and we just see it time and
again and today on immigration with the
white houses is essentially saying in a
wink and a dog whistle to some of these
battleground states that they won is
that immigrants coming in from Latin
America are taking your jobs wolf
immigration is not the reason why the
factory closed in Pittsburgh or the coal
mine was shut down in West Virginia and
just I'm going to finish this because
I'm not going to talk about this all day
but I just I just want to finish this
this thing by just to prove to you that
this is not just one rogue guy who
should be fired which he should I mean
if you want to be the most respected
name in news you don't have a guy like
filing reports like this and shouting at
people in the newsroom when the guy is
just announcing a policy you know you
don't you oppose the policy too bad too
bad nobody cares what you think
you know just report the news but just
so you know that this level of thought
is basically endemic to CNN here is
Chris Cuomo must be the stupidest man on
TV who's not Don Lemon and Don Lemon is
the stupidest man on TV who's not Chris
Cuomo here is Chris Cuomo on the Statue
of Liberty and what it means for America
is let me just begin well let's play it
first go ahead theater of the absurd to
the side for a moment and get back to
the main point the words the poem was
added later Miller said the words being
the signature promise of this country
from the poem new Colossus by Emma
Lazarus of course they were added later
the pedestal on which the words were
placed came after the gift of the statue
but that's not what Miller was really
trying to brush aside he was trying to
brush aside their significance this
isn't about calling illegal immigration
or bad hombres as the president liked to
say this is about changing not just how
many but who gets to come in Legally
restrictions that would brush aside
America's greatest strength the
diversity of people who have sacrificed
to come here with nothing except the
passion of purpose to make better lives
and to make this country great they're
not just words added later they are a
solemn vow that was supposed to endure
forever
solemn vow that's supposed to endure
forever it's the signature promise of
this country by the way this is the same
guy who said that the Constitution
doesn't protect speech that he thinks is
hateful okay so the Constitution is a
living document we can interpret that
any way we want but ever since poem it's
like we're it it's literally written in
stone and we have to obey this pole and
that's a unbelievable and you what they
wonder you know they wonder why when
Donald Trump blows up at them and you
know is rude and unkind ah when do i
erase it they're kind of not going yup
alright enough of that we you know think
about this summer is it's already August
it is already August and summer is going
to come to an end I hate to break this
to you but it actually will come to an
end and you want to get your grilling in
and you want to get the best meats to
get your grilling in and that's why you
got to go to Omaha Steaks man this thing
I got to tell you they sent me the
package that they will send you this is
a limited time deal exclusive savings on
a special large combo called the Giants
of grilling combo fifty items for 50
bucks now they sent it to me
you know they yeah they sent it to me to
try it out unbelievable at fifty items
for fifty bucks
eight boneless pork chops at four ounces
eight four ounce boneless chicken breast
eight two ounce ground beef sliders six
four ounce burgers eight three ounce
gourmet jumbo Franks eight three ounce
kielbasa sausages for 5 and 1/3 ounce
Delmonico burgers come free with the
purchase I mean this is an unbelievable
deal and the meat is so good I don't
know what they do to it I mean everybody
I serve some of them I ate a lot of them
but I serve some of them and and people
just said you know this it tastes
different if something really tender and
great about this meat it's a huge menu
of steaks at Omaha Steaks premium aged
beef for maximum tenderness high-quality
ingredients convenient and quick
shopping and a hundred percent guarantee
they just deliver it to you premium beef
and bison which is one of the great red
meats there is seafood poultry pork veal
lamb veggies deserves an appetizer and
right now that incredible 50 bucks for
50 items deal and just for my listeners
this
exclusive package is only $49.99 go to
Omaha Steaks calm type in Andrew in the
search bar and add the Giants of
grilling combo to your cart again visit
Omaha Steaks comm and enter code Andrew
in the search bar to get this great
package for $49.99 and speaking of great
deals you know we're going to stay on
Facebook and YouTube so you can hear
Kristian todo talking about the movies
in the summer movies and the craziness
of leftists in show business but but
normally we would like you to come to
the daily wire.com watch the whole thing
by subscribing it's a lousy ten bucks a
month for which you get the mailbag and
if you subscribe to the year it's just a
lousy hundred bucks for the entire year
and you get just dears mug you get the
leftist tears mug somebody complained on
Twitter that we were you know making
money by making fun of the left and it
wasn't that despicable they don't
understand we're making money and making
fun of the left so that's actually is
actually a bonus it's a feature not a
bug so come on over to subscribe and end
up talking about CNN stupidity let's
hear from Snow White
so yesterday there was this incredible
piece at pj mediacom their parenting
page by faith more now we kind of stole
it on the damn you're still there we did
a link to it really link to the original
piece but the original piece was by
faith more on the parenting page of pj
media and I know that because faith more
happens to be my daughter second it was
it's a great piece that's not why I'm
talking about his faith writes there all
the time and I don't talk about four
pieces I'm not always promoting my kids
stuff but we're about to bring on
Christian Toto from Hollywood in toto to
talk about movies and this piece is
unbelievable it's called mom edits
daughters disney princess book to make
it or feminist okay so this is about a
professor sociologist named daniel
Lindemann who is the mother of a
three-year-old girl and and danielle
Lindemann and she studies she's a
professor of gender roles of course and
she decided to edit her doctors disney
princess book her three-year-old
daughter because she thought she was
sending a powerful feminist message okay
and faith writes that her misguided post
is a perfect example of the flaw in the
whole disney princesses or anti-feminist
narrative according to Lindemann i'm
reading this now the books are basically
teaching these little girls that they're
worth lies and looking nice and hooking
up with the right guy so she took a pen
and added some edits to her daughter's
book i mean this is unbelievable this
little three-year-old girl loves this
book about disney princesses and the
book is very simple and it tells you
what the disney princess does it's
illustrated with disney pictures right
and so it says a princess is kind and
the professor took a pen and wrote in
her three-year-old daughters book kind
of a badass okay victus is where
princess is brave another picture right
and the professor right the sociologists
writes in the speech balloon for i think
it was jasmine one of the princesses
saying my body my choice that's
bravery or fighting for abortion a
princess likes to dress up she writes in
in her medical scrubs when she goes to
work as a neurosurgeon
okay and the worst of them the worst of
them is a picture of jasmine and Aladdin
on their flying carpet and Aladdin has
his arm around they're kind of holding
on to each other and she writes in that
jasmine is holding on to a Latin because
he's scared oh so now who the professor
says I'm quoting from faiths article
this is over PJ Media a pair of the
parenting page it's weird
says Lindemann because I expected my
daughter to react to the edits but she
should have just rolled with them maybe
the new narratives seem natural to her
why wouldn't Cinderella have sparkly
shoes and also be a neurosurgeon and
faith writes well write nothing in the
original book was at odds with the
feminist agenda so her additions were
unnecessary and went unnoticed by her
daughter she says I believe there are
differences between genders and Disney
this is faked writing I believe that
there are differences between genders
and the Disney Princesses really are
positive examples of femininity in a
modern world the fact that so many
little girls gravitate toward these
characters says something about their
impact and importance as role models the
stigma around Disney Princesses the idea
that their message is no longer relevant
to today's women and girls or worse that
it's actually antithetical to it is in
error it just isn't true little girls
even girls like Linda Vince daughter who
are raised to believe the gender is a
social construct love Disney Princesses
why because Disney Princesses are brave
because they are kind because they are
beautiful and magical and smart because
they are women no editing required faith
is knows about this because she is a
Disney fanatic and she has a page on
called Disney Princess attic on Facebook
so you can find that ver on Facebook or
you can find her on Twitter at faith K
more but let's bring on Christian Toto
sorry about the glitch before Christian
you there there you are okay you look
you look good Christian Coto is an
award-winning journalist film critic and
podcaster he's the founder of Hollywood
in Toto calm and you can find him on
Twitter at Hollywood in Toto tio2 your
one of the very very few conservatives
covering the movies who actually knows
what he's talking about they always they
always just give the movie beat at all
these think tanks they just give them to
some guy who's doing something else and
say well you know everybody knows about
movies but you actually you know I read
your stuff because you actually know
about movies did you see this piece did
you see this Disney Princess Lee I'm you
know what's amazing about this
particular piece is the projection
that's going on and I think projection
is exactly what you see across the
liberal landscape it is them projecting
these ideas these fears this this
pretend you know boldness and it's
absurd it you know in a way it reminds
me of the lady Ghostbusters situation
where we couldn't have young women
become scientists until we had a lady
Ghostbuster and until that point they
were helpless they just they just sat
there in school thinking oh if I only
had a lady ghost bus to look up to I
could be a scientist too and that's what
this reminds me of in an odd way there's
a connective tissue there that's both
scary and all too real it's really it
really is they go after everyone even
their own daughter she can't even let
her daughter be herself
I mean her daughter loves this little
book and everything has to be made
turned into the image of their politics
and eventually they devour their own I
mean they have this thing the creators
of Game of Thrones right I mean it got
to be one of the most talked about
television shows ever written and they
come out and they have a new idea and
you were writing about this in Hollywood
in toto they're they're brilliant new
idea for their new show yeah it's going
to be the Confederacy is back the Civil
War ended the South seceded and slavery
never went away now I think it's absurd
on its face because you know
civilization matures and evolves and
grows and slavery would have went away
anyway
but even given that construct they're
allowed to make this show because those
are the two of those show runners from
Game of Thrones it's the most popular
show in the world it's like the next
Sopranos and if they aren't allowed to
kind of follow their vision then who is
but the funny thing about this is they
come out with the show which is it's
kind of like that the man in the high
castle if Hitler won the
or but if Hitler won the war you'd have
this oppressive regime forcing his ugly
stupid ideas on the world and there that
kind of made some sense but the
Confederacy won the war just as you say
slavery would have passed away I mean
there's just simply no way slavery would
have endured they except in Muslim
countries of course but remulak West it
would have been destroyed but the thing
was right-wingers immediately reacted to
this rolling their eyes we immediately
set out God you know we have to listen
to this garbage and we have to listen to
how wonderful Hollywood is because they
opposed slavery as if everybody doesn't
but what got me is they were attacked
from the left they were taught by their
own people yeah it's amazing you know
and I have yet to hear one either HBO
star or even just like celebrity say hey
let's these let these these artists have
their voice share their story and we can
go from there what was there ever you
know what's amazing what's amazing is
that the the conservatives right now are
on the forefront of the Free Speech
Movement and it's liberals who are way
in the back like you know when I was a
kid playing dodgeball I I couldn't I
couldn't face the heavier children I
hung in the back that's what the
Liberals are these days you either
deathly quiet or they're just even
defending it or making excuses for it
it's a very sad state of affairs it is
what was their beef with the Confederacy
I mean oh what was the problem with the
story the problem is it will show modern
slavery black people in 2017 being
enslaved in some capacity and that image
is inappropriate and also those
particulars showrunners the show's
creators are white so they wouldn't be
able to grasp that slavery is is
dehumanizing and awful I mean that's
insulting on its face they are so they
are so racist I mean they boil down
everything to race and then and they did
but but it's all about what's allowed
nothing is allowed they don't that you
know we we basically say everything's
allowed what we're going to criticize it
but they say they did this to our pal
Dennis Prager right he was going to kiss
he was gonna conduct an orchestra or he
is going to he's going to later this
month he's going to be at the Santa
Monica Symphony I believe is the full
title it's a one-day gig you listen he's
not a master musician but obviously he
knows his stuff
they invited him to be a conductor and
now
as a movement by some in the Cork astre
and some in the community to get him out
because he's a bigot and a hate monger
now of all the voices on you know
conservative talk radio across the
country he's offered the most genteel
yeah I would think yeah no he isn't he's
obviously it's deeply deeply religious
sky with a lot of a lot of his bases of
thought is based in the Old Testament
made last thing he is is a bigot or a
hate monger of any kind
so let's talk about the summer pictures
let's talk about the summer line first
first of all they're big film the
outdoor film the outdoor sequel to an
injury in truth didn't that didn't
actually tear those there wasn't a lot
of like warming at the box office for
that was their kind of died you know it
did actually eight did okay I'd say you
know I don't agree with a lot of it I
think it really did affect the
conversation on climate change and from
that perspective there have been worse
reasons to make a sequel having said
that even some liberal critics are
saying well this is just a love letter
to Al Gore his ego is so big he can
barely fit on the screen so while the
reviews are mostly fawning like it
expect and hyper uncritical and and not
skeptical at least some of them are
saying you know what this is really kind
of an ego piece and that's kind of
embarrassing that is embarrassing and
did anything that he said in that first
film that any of his predictions come
true I mean I remember he said that New
York was going to be underwater and then
he points out that during the storm
sandy there was some water downtown but
that's not the same as New York being
underwater because of prison that's not
even close what amazes me about the film
is that if they come out and tell you
know it some of our predictions have
been wrong but we still feel based on
the science base and the data that we're
that this is important information they
can't do that they can't admit anything
and they can't they can't stop calling
deniers deniers and making them actually
worst comparisons there's a moment in
the film late in the movie where they
talk about there was a terrorist attack
in Paris and basically they weaponized
that particular attack to talk about
climate change it's the most tone-deaf
moment of any film I've seen in quite
some time what's what's the connection I
mean between the terrorists lives you
the movie and I still can tell you
but if you reduce the Segway a bit
awkwardly from climate change to
terrorism back to climate change and
it's about how we need to we need to
fight back against terrorism with our
values that was part of the I started
the conversation I thought it was maybe
the middle east is so hot now they're
just getting cranky that's like oh they
talk about how climate change causes
part of the Syrian crisis by the way all
I heard him talking about this yes the
migration so what about the rest I have
actually seen a pretty good I'm not a
big summer picture guy but I've seen
I've seen a fairly good amount what's
the worst worst social justice aside
from the Gallagher film what is the
worst left-wing big picture of the
summer do you think you know I don't
know this has been a preponderance of
sjw movies but spider-man homecoming
stopped cold multiple time and to have
some sort of woke moments and so that
was really ill-advised to say the very
least but the movie itself is kind of
charming and lighting and breezy so you
can kind of accept it I actually for me
just from a moviegoer point of view if
if I ever have to watch transformers the
last night again I need to have some
sort of like cyanide pill like clench
between my teeth just to make sure I
don't watch the whole thing
it was beyond awful you know I turned on
Stephen King's the missed a novella that
I liked very much and and I like Stephen
King very much and it starts out in the
first two two scenes or the first the
second and third scene this opening
violin scene but it starts out lecturing
us on transgenderism and and gay rights
and how everybody's you and and I'm very
easygoing about people's sex lives I
don't care but I don't want to be
lecture that when I'm turning on to
watch monsters where people apart I
turned it off I just I just found it
like offensive that they were in my face
like that it's bad storytelling 101 and
even if you agree with it it's bad story
no one but that's where we are you know
I think it's often more in television
shows these days with a lecturing is
really in your face I think movies the
budgets are bigger and they know they
can't anger people as aggressively as TV
often does interest so I think that they
kind of smooth out some of the edges
defense you know I saw the war for the
Planet of the Apes which I thought was
believable in terms of the technology
but I was me I mean I found that kind of
offensive like the scene where they
played the national anthem while they're
torturing the Apes and all this stuff
and I know Alpha and Omega is the name
of a bomb but it also of course is from
the Gospels from the Bible you know it
just it just seemed aggressively
anti-american well wasn't the burning
American flag kind of subtle metaphor
for ha ha yeah maybe that's what it was
maybe it came for the way and also the
other thing I got to say Christian his
Christian todo from Hollywood in total
calm which you really should go to if
you want to see intelligent conversation
about show business and movies from the
right the other things every movie has a
wall in it and the wall is bad so I mean
in Planet of the Apes it was like oh
it's crazies building a wall I thought
an army is coming bearing down on their
position build a wall right and then the
Blade Runner the new Blade Runner thing
looks like it's got a wall it's you know
people build walls and all this I mean
you know I think maybe in two years and
all the films in production now come to
fruition there could be it could be wall
sequels wall franchises or movies and
new walls old walls
everything was just warming up so so
what's the best movie you've seen this
um you know I like - Wonder Woman a lot
I think it captures something that the
original Superman did it had a sense of
humor and joy I loved even though the
the sort of last third gets a little bit
weak I also like baby driver a lot I
think that was fun and had a good use of
music and it had a sweet love story kind
of mixed in with all the action and
mayhem and I think that's pretty rare
these days
the rom-com is essentially dead
Hollywood has left it behind
they can't even crack the code about how
to show people falling in love in movies
anymore right so I think the fact that
this had a sweet little love story mixed
in was actually kind of refreshing yeah
yeah no question about it I mean I I saw
the Beauty and the Beast live-action
film which I thought was actually pretty
good but one of the worst things about
is I just thought Emma Watson right
that's who's she's the star I guess but
she couldn't she couldn't let go enough
to play a woman falling in love you know
she couldn't look soft enough and and
kind of swept away enough and you just
it just kind of was a sore point
a little picture what about Dunkirk did
you like that you know I didn't like as
much as my fellow critics I feel like it
was more technique and style than
substance and I never connected with
these characters even Mark Rylance who
has the most emotional arcs in the story
it just didn't work it and I have to say
I don't know what I'm just getting old
but I couldn't hear half the dialogue
between the sounds of war and the
accents I'm looking toward to actually
watching again on the small screen and
putting on the closed captioning because
I missed a lot of it you know I had the
same feeling I liked the movie I of
course admired the technique but I have
the same there were no relationships and
it how can there be an emotional arc
when nobody has a relationship with
anything but with the battle there are
no people the only only the two kids
have a relationship and I thought that
was a was a real problem with it and I
had a problem hearing the hearing the
pilots over the engines I mean I was
very time yeah and you know in ten years
we're gonna be talking about hacks our
rage I think a lot more than Dunkirk Wow
that's my that's what I think I
interesting what so what are you looking
forward to anything good coming upcoming
okasha you know this time of year is
really rough but you know I think things
turn around in september/october some of
the Oscar bait movies coming soon so we
shall see
you know it's lucky Logan is coming out
in a few weeks it's a new Steven
Soderbergh film yes Jean
he's always got interesting things to
say and I just saw the trailer for the
new death wish which is angering the
social justice warriors now and in
record four oh no fortunately a Bruce
Willis classic story we'll see how that
what they do with it alright well I'll
have you back when the new movies come
out Christian toto from Hollywood in
toto it's always good to talk to you
thanks so much I know I noticed I
shouted people in there on skype like
like a microphone won't carry my voice
alright I want to deal you know last
week it was we were talking about this
whole idea of purpose and we talked
about natural law and and the whole idea
of humans having a purpose in the world
having a purpose in life having a
purpose and I found this baby it's time
we have to take a trip to really see why
I talk about this and why I feel that is
something we need to address and it's at
the core of a lot of our disagreements
we have to take a trip to knuckle head
row
knucklehead Roe of course is the op-ed
pages of the New York Times where
knuckleheads gather with their Harvard
and Oxford and you know Yale degrees to
show that no matter how good your
education is you can still be a
knucklehead and so they have this thing
called the I think it's called the stone
it's their philosophy section and this
was written by Joseph Carter Joseph P
Carter who is a philosophy student and
at you know post grad student and he
talks about purpose makes life
meaningful and makes people happen he
says purpose is a universal human need
without it we feel bereft of meaning and
happiness
a recent ethnographic study draws a
strong correlation between
purposefulness and fabulous purpose
seems beneficial to overcoming substance
abuse healing from tragedy and loss and
achieving economic success but where
does purpose come from what is it for
over two millenniums discerning our
purpose in the universe has been a
primary task of philosophers Aristotle
believed that the universe is saturated
with it that everything has an intrinsic
Drive now I want to explain that stop
the toilet because this is what we're
talking about talk about a friend
Aristotle is over here on the on the
fireplace you can see him and Aristotle
thought that everything had had the
things had purpose but that doesn't mean
that they had intention okay so the
purpose of your heart is to pump blood
but the heart doesn't wake up in the
morning says huh and I gotta get pumping
blood it's just what it does and is the
purpose of what it does now at our level
of consciousness where you have an
actual soul which is your form this is
what makes you human it is the human
nosov you it is not a ghost it's not
Casper the ghost inside your machine it
is the fact of your humaneness because
you have reformed your consciousness is
something your purpose is something that
you do through choice and will and you
thought you have to find it you have a
relationship say to your purpose all
right now I just want to get to this
this thing that Joseph P Carter writing
about he says I'm certainly no
Aristotelian not because I reject
happiness
as a materialist a guy who only believes
this material there's no such thing as
spirituality I think there's nothing
intrinsic about the goals and purposes
we seek to achieve it modern science
explicitly jettisons this sort of
teleological thinking from our knowledge
of the universe teleological means with
a probiem with an end it's the end of
something modern science explicitly
jettisons this sort of teleological
thinking from our knowledge of the
universe from particle physics to
cosmology we see that the universe
operates well without purpose now this
is the thing this is what you what
everybody knows everybody knows that
what he just said is true ok and the
reason everybody knows that what he just
said is true is is it's because it's the
intellectual atmosphere in which we live
about a month and a half ago I read a
book called the metaphysical foundations
of modern science by EA Burt now I can't
recommend this book because I didn't
think was that well written but it's
considered a classic and what he does is
he takes the first real scientist guys
like Galileo and Kepler and Copernicus
all these people and he talks about how
they jettisoned the idea of purpose from
science because they didn't they needed
to go they needed not to be restrained
by it and doing science but that they
didn't jettison it through logic they
simply got rid of it so they could do
the work they wanted to do which was
measure stuff they just wanted to
measure stuff and they didn't want to
talk about its purpose and that is that
became a byword in philosophy you know
guys like David Hume would say you can't
know anything because because we only
know things by induction well yes we
knew this no the Sun rose yesterday and
it rose today but we don't know it'll
rise tomorrow and it was it was nuts and
it totally skewed the trajectory of our
philosophy until now we take it as given
what this guy is saying but it was
simply a fun it was just a functional
thing to do it was a thing they did not
through logic but they did it because it
helped them with their work and the
thing is yes you know measuring the
universe you don't necessarily have to
know about purpose although when you
listen to the way people talk scientists
talk and they talk about genes having
information well having
is a purpose you know that's the purpose
of jeans is to transmit information
you can't talk without purpose listen to
a mother with her child and she'll say
oh you know don't throw that that's not
for throwing you know the shoe is not
for throwing as you know we don't throw
things because we know things have a
purpose and all I'm saying is this guy
who's obviously a very bright guy and I
don't mean to call him a knucklehead but
he's a very he's a very bright guy and a
student in philosophy he just assumes
that he hasn't thought this through
for himself he ends up basically saying
that our purpose is just kind of a myth
that we make up and because of that he
is selling this idea of a purposeless
universe without having thought it
through himself and that's what I'm
talking about we got to say goodbye
the Clavin this weekend is upon us I
know I know who-who will be fired from
the Trump administration this Titans
weekend we do not know but survivors
will gather here on Monday I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show we
will end with stuff I like Aladdin is
not afraid to take his girl on a magic
carpet ride tell me Prince now when do
you let that go ha
I can take you wonder by wonder over
sideways and under on America my new a
new magnetic warning of you know 1 to
1000 never knew but now way of me it's
crystal clear that now
Oh
