the tweets are in at real Donald Trump
cutting College affirmative action which
is actually racist
I wouldn't want extra SAT points for my
race why not
hashtag affirmative action is just a
fancy term for reverse discrimination we
need to end discrimination in all forums
against all people good idea good it's
about time we eliminate the soft bigotry
of low expectations
hashtag affirmative action I'm confused
liberals is it okay or not to treat
people differently based on the color of
their skin
Wednesday wisdom it's good wisdom Martin
Luther King jr. dreamed of a day when
people weren't judged by the color of
their skin and affirmative action
leftists dismantle systemic racism now
right
okay let's end affirmative action
leftists way to wealth some systemic
racism is okay
sorry libs we will no longer give
privileges based on race but rather on
the content of people's character
hashtag affirmative action is a racist
cancer paternalistic whites who think
blacks can only get ahead if they're
given a head start
toxic you tell them on Tuesday the New
York Times reported that the Trump
administration is preparing to
investigate and sue universities over
affirmative action admissions policies
which discriminate on the basis of race
on the meager grounds that those
policies discriminate on the basis of
race what bigotry plus roaming
millennial so raychel and ladder with
graders not gay Jared joined the panel
of deplorable z' to talk about the stock
market's predictable drop to an historic
high the president's running roughshod
over environmental regulations to build
the wall and speaking of aliens NASA's
new planetary protection officer to save
Earth from et I'm Michael Knowles this
is the Michael Knowles show
sessions at DOJ is reportedly about to
target the affirmative actions policies
at universities and in employment but
specifically on campus at universities
and we are we are really lucky because
here at the Michael Knowles show we have
obtained exclusive footage of former
Obama administration officials reacting
to the news do we have it that is really
gory that's too bad for them well
they're there at least out of office now
you know before his head exploded the
Obama DOJ employee Vanita Gupta said
this about the reported policy change
yet again the sessions Justice
Department led by the political
leadership and marginalizing the career
employees is changing course on a key
civil rights issue now he's making a
point about affirmative action but it's
really interesting the other point he
makes which is that the political
leadership you know the people put in
place by our elected representatives are
undermining the career bureaucrats who
have been governing us with no
accountability for a decade upon decade
because apparently there are benevolent
betters there the Technic technocratic
an tell us how to live our lives better
than we can live them ourselves but then
he's also making the point that this is
a terrible change for civil rights and
so on let's allow Attorney General
Sessions to speak for himself on the
issue
I couldn't put it any better myself
that's screaming dog of course or the
lefties you know Obama era officials who
were raising a ruckus about this but and
he does sound a lot like Foghorn Leghorn
but he's a great American and a good
Attorney General and but that is
basically what he's tell him he's
telling him to shut up and we can go a
little bit more in-depth on the subject
the in 2003 the Supreme Court sent a
very confusing message on the issue of
affirmative action in the indicates
gratz V Bollinger they decided that
affirmative action was not okay it was
unconstitutional but then in Grutter V
Bolinger they decided that it was
constitutional one case was about the
undergraduate admissions policies at the
University of Michigan the other was
about law school admissions policies at
the University of Michigan and it was a
complex case I think even Sandra Day
O'Connor who wrote the opinion of the
court understood that she was making a
very complex and gray point what she
said was the United States Constitution
quote does not prohibit the law schools
narrowly tailored use of race in
admissions decisions to further a
compelling interest in a diverse student
body but she went on the court expects
25 years from now the use of racial
preferences will no longer be necessary
to further the interest approved today
so I don't know why she picked the
number 25 I think it's because she
understood this is unconstitutional it's
unconstitutional now but it will effect
a social change that we would like or
apparently will affect a social change
we would like so let's just do it for a
while and you can overturn it in 25
years and there is some precedent for
this even Bill Buckley who's credited
with founding the modern conservative
movement he advocated quote a pro Negro
discrimination policy in employment to
make up for historical in justices and
inequalities and the exclusion of blacks
in America Clarence Thomas the only
black justice on the Supreme Court at
the time vehemently disagreed with this
opinion he said quote the majority has
placed its imprimatur on a practice that
can only weaken the principle of you
equality embodied in the Declaration of
Independence and the Equal Protection
Clause quote our Constitution is
colorblind and neither knows nor
tolerates classes among citizens now he
agreed with the 25 year a structure that
was set up by Sandra Day O'Connor but he
agreed because quote these policies will
clearly have failed to eliminate the
perceived need for any racial or ethnic
discrimination because the academic
credentials gap will still be there so
is the academic credentials gap still
there we're not quite 25 years at but we
are a number of years out from this and
not too far behind
I think Clarence Thomas put it even more
succinctly in another talk do we have it
I have never understood the notion that
we could continue to focus on race in
order to get over race I've never
understood that that we have to continue
to identify us and oh you know the race
conscious in order not to be race
conscious what a virulent racist and
clearly so uneducated isn't he so there
there are these these two arguments
there's this constitutional and American
ideals argument how are we supposed to
not be race conscious if we're how does
being extremely race conscious get us to
being not race conscious and this
constitutional argument that we
shouldn't be discriminated against on
the basis of our racial background now
there are also more tangible reasons to
oppose affirmative action the first
argument is reverse discrimination this
is the reason that even that socialist
utopia the United Kingdom got rid of the
policy is that clearly it discriminates
against some racial groups but not on
others a Bush administration department
of education civil rights official said
this in 2005 she said quote these
policies dismiss the very real price is
paid by individuals who end up injured
by affirmative action and those
individuals by the way are not just the
much-maligned straight white male there
are a lot of other groups as well Adam
Carolla explains his experience here
jeez I want to talk about my white
privilege so badly
I graduated North Hollywood however the
1.7 GPA I could not find a job I walk to
a fire station in North Hollywood I was
19 I was living in the garage of my
family home my mom was on welfare and
food stamps
and I said can I get a job as a fireman
and they said no because you're not
black Hispanic or a woman we'll see in
about seven years and I went to a
construction site and dug ditches and
picked up garbage for the next seven
years I got a letter in the mail sent to
my father's house saying your time has
come to do the written exam for the LA
Fire Department I took it and I was
standing in line and I had a young woman
of color standing behind me in line and
I said just out of curiosity when did
you sign up to become a fire man because
I did it or person seven years ago and
she said Wednesday that is an example of
my white privilige it's I think it's an
economic privilege more than it is the
color of your skin there's Adam Carolla
fellow sexual heterosexual
italian-american man I identify very
strongly with him but the notion that
Adam Carolla a fairly burly guy would be
overlooked for seven years and a smaller
woman would be in line right the next
days it's quite interesting there there
there are these two other arguments
there is the class inequality argument
there's the mismatch theory argument the
mismatch theory argument is what got
Antonin Scalia and a lot of trouble than
the year before his death the classic
equality argument is easy it's the idea
that these programs don't actually help
the people that they're intended to help
poor ethnic minorities poor blacks who
should be able to climb up out of
poverty and go up into social mobility
but it actually helps the already
upwardly mobile the middle middle class
in the upper-middle class and your ears
thomas sol explaining both of these
ideas i think only since the net effect
of the preferential treatment which is
preferentially an intention more so than
results is that those blacks were
particularly disadvantaged have fallen
further behind under these policies that
such policies have typically benefited
those blacks were well-off who became
better
blacks who have relatively less work
experience lower levels of education
black female-headed families all these
groups have fallen further behind during
a decade or more of affirmative action
don't you feel the racial hatred pouring
out of that noted brilliant economist
Thomas ol he the other point he makes in
another clip somewhere else is that
affirmative action encourages people to
continue to separate themselves into
smaller and smaller and more specific
groups because preferred groups then are
rather people who come from non
preferred groups want to appear as
though they come from preferred groups
which is why I'm a Palermo Sicilian
American and so on and so forth and this
ultimately leads to that
intersectionality hierarchy where we
need to decide if a a black transgender
Jewish Muslim is more oppressed than a
Persian pygmy who rides horses or
something to that effect
now Richard sander explains the effects
of mismatch theory which Thomas Sol just
explained explains some interesting
statistics that come out of this UCLA
law professor who points out black
college freshmen who aspire to STEM
careers at a rate that's significantly
higher than whites but they dropped out
at double the rate because of a mismatch
the idea that students are going into
these schools but they're unprepared and
because there is an advantage given
based on racial preferences they maybe
they would do better off at a lower tier
School where they could succeed and then
go on to advanced degrees on that point
black students who attended a college at
which they're mismatched were two times
as likely to be derailed from pursuing
advanced degrees if they intended on
doing that when they got there one half
of black college students ranked in the
bottom 20% of their classes the bottom
10% in law schools also explained in
part by mismatched black law grads are
four times as likely to fail the bar
exam and Sanders says that the mismatch
explains at least half of this gap
campuses with lower academic mismatch
are also significantly more likely to be
socially integrated because people tend
to be attracted to people of their
intellectual peer group and so campuses
where people are of roughly the same
academic caliber tend to be
we're social Ian's created across all
criteria including race and ethnicity
and then here's the craziest statistic
of all after UCLA dropped its
affirmative action the total number of
black and Hispanic students who received
bachelor degrees were five it was
exactly the same for the next five years
as it was for the five years before the
change
there was no change and the explanation
for this is while there may have been
fewer students from certain demographics
the dropout rate dropped significantly
so you had the same number of students
actually graduating and obviously there
are a lot of other factors that come to
which is saving lots of money not taking
out needless student loans being
productive during those work years so
with that we bring on our panel of
deplorable z-- do we have them we have
NACA Jared from ladder with grad er we
have roaming millennial from everywhere
else on the internet and we have the one
and only so Rachel now fortunately for
us we have a member of a much persecuted
minority on our panel today so I'd love
to hear from him a Nakia Jared as a not
gay American do you think it is time to
finally end affirmative action I think
it's fine time I think it's mind
boggling that people are just now waking
up and realizing this is a issue you
know we talk about that on our show for
a long time people get screwed the most
our whites and Asians almost
indefinitely poor roaming that was never
a millennial yeah I want to kill my tie
I was not discriminated against oh
that's right is Troy I forgot you had
those those persecuted ovaries you lucky
duck yeah that's it that's very
interesting I mean so what do you think
do you think there's a role for
affirmative action in 2017 has it served
its purpose as it done absolutely
nothing has it made things worse here's
here's the fix for affirmative action
here's how you make it go away
any white person who's concerned about
affirmative action is what you got to do
or if you want to get your job or you
work at the fire department or anything
like this is what you do all you got to
do is just tell makes for a black woman
are they gonna use the application of an
objective biological science to prove
that you're not you know that stuff is
work that is so smart
because I've been tanning a lot I go to
the beach very frequently in LA and
because I'm Sicilian
I can become almost Hispanic I can
become trance espenak
but I don't even need to do any of that
I can just become a black woman the
funny thing is about affirmative action
is that I have never met a black person
yet who claims with me today right it's
like oh you've got this you got into
school you got this job because you're
black no I didn't I just because I'm
telling you because I'm smart now the
rest you know there's also this amazing
side to it which is you know when I was
in college only five years ago and at
Yale some of the you know 10 15 smartest
people there or were from ethnic
minorities but there was this awful
cloud over it because you think well
possibly they got where they are because
they're black or because they're
Hispanic or something and it really is
it isn't that fair to these people who
are really smart and talented but they
have this cloud hanging over them
because of legalized discrimination no
roaming I'm sorry go ahead
the people who didn't deserve to be
there who you're essentially setting up
for failure rates and debt a tremendous
amount of debt yeah that's a great point
roaming I mean you know there were a
debt crisis in the United States
particularly among young people with
these awful student loans
quarter-million dollar loans don't we
think that compassion here is clearly
misguided yeah and exactly and you bring
up a really good point talking about the
the average graduation rates of some of
these minority groups the last thing you
want to do to someone who is from
underprivileged background its saddled
them with a bunch of debt for a degree
they're never going to end up completing
right and the u.s. already I think has a
little bit of a problem when it comes to
the global economy you know in context
with skilled labor right and you know
these university spots they're important
we need them so we need to be giving
them to the students who are most likely
to finish most likely to go enter in the
workforce with their degrees and be
skilled workers right I mean this this
so social justice in universities
is one of the most damaging things I can
think of to the American economy listen
to Richard Spencer over here spouting or
racist claptrap
you know if affirmative action isn't
achieving the results it was attended to
achieve Jared why do Democrats insist on
perpetuating it you know I think the
real problem is that it goes back to
government trying to fix bad government
policies with more government and so you
know you see this just very much so with
the that you know the standing made
Freddie Mac situation that the market
crashed in 2008 they're trying to fix
over-regulation with more over reach
into over-regulation so you know I think
a few words to wind the clock back for
some of these students who maybe did
stand a shot at getting into these
universities on their own merit
you know school vouchers for instance
you know Steve and I talked about this
on the show all the time we've yet to
hear a real solid argument against
school voucher so say these students
could get out of the ghettos get out of
the places go to schools that actually
provide real education real training
that aren't you know in the dumps and
claiming to be underfunded all the time
well you know more money will fix these
schools right and the ghettos you know
they stand a chance to think of actually
earning their mayor to get into his
college and actually set themselves up
to be much more successful than just as
we talked about you know failing
dropping out and being stuck with a crap
ton of student loans that's right this
happened in my own hometown mayor de
Blasio of New York in a payoff to the
teachers unions tried to target the
charter schools and there was vicious
pushback because it was the only shot
for mostly black but you know heavily
impoverished areas to get out of poverty
and to have a shot of going to a good
school and getting a good career and so
on and so forth
yeah that is it's really incredible so
it's just you know the the government
creates a problem and then there's more
government to solve the problem and then
there's more government to solve that
problem so where does it end
well it doesn't end because the issue
adds up mainly to two things money and
boats so as long as we keep this
affirmative action airs well narrative
going as long as we keep this uh racial
strife narrative going that's what
you're gonna get you're getting money
votes and may know how to keep this
thing going that yeah that's really
interesting and what do you think though
about these awful racists Clarence
Thomas and Thomas Sol you know it is it
is pretty incredible to watch to watch
both of these guys some of the smartest
guys in the country saying very much as
Frederick Douglass said leave us alone
stop trying to help that's really what
it comes down to you know if they would
just leave us alone you know we would
have a we'd have a pretty good chance to
catch up you know I don't know you know
you might have seen to some of us print
some time you got some could be a
explosive nation to be able to catch up
if you just get out of our way really
that is that would be all the gas but
unfortunately there is a system that
keeps per group from programming
programming us to believe that you know
what you have to keep asking you need
this this all I need the cycles of
dependency you have no no will or talent
of your on yeah absolutely
now we have to say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube I know you want to watch
more I know you want to hear more from
these guys but you're too cheap so what
you need to do is go over to daily wire
calm right now and subscribe it's only
$10 a month or $100 a year very very
little it's more money than I make here
but it's not a lot of money for it most
of the population and you'll get the
leftist here's tumblr the leftist here's
tumblr it keeps your leftist tears hot
or cold always salty plus you'll get to
hear us talk about all of the important
news of the day but only if you go over
there so go and subscribe right now
daily wire calm we'll be right back
so the mainstream media all predict hit
before the 2016 election that if Donald
Trump were elected president the stock
market would absolutely collapse there
were I just googled stocks if Trump is
president CNBC NBC New York Times CNN
they all pretend want one quote the
stock market would almost certainly tank
do we have right now live view from the
floor of the New York Stock Exchange
Wow those coins just keep dropping
that's great the Dow Jones Industrial
Average broke 22,000 for the first time
ever in no small part because of a 4%
surge in Apple stock the u.s. added
170,000 jobs last month though is this
what President Trump meant by getting
sick and tired of winning are you sick
and tired of winning yet wait asked me
about Charles Payne did you get spitting
image talk about bullying administration
it looks like with Boeing that's
reflecting that but you know I think the
bottom line though is that if this if
this sustained if this if this chain
sustains hopefully people will start to
feel it they can look at it they can
look at it taking all that sort of stuff
but they have to feel it in their own
economy all say oh this is great for you
know the rule for Wall Street and the
holders and stuff like that but you know
when it when when am I gonna feel it
that's a great mom I'm sorry I did get a
little distracted because I was thinking
about milk of magnesia lattes but I
think I think I got most of your point
you know it is a really great point Romy
is this is a ginza I think you may have
made a point roaming is this just a
lucky break it's just caused by Apple
surging 4% or are the fundamentals of
our economy right now are they strong
are they headed in the right direction I
think they definitely are headed in the
right direction I think this goes to
show that no matter how much you cost
someone sexist racist a bigot and an
islamaphobe turns out markets don't
really care right and if we look at
President Trump's his initiative toward
jobs I think that's one area where he
has he's really you know made an effort
to keep his campaign promises I mean we
see that he's repealed I think it's 16
regulations for every new one introduced
toward businesses and I think that's
definitely a step in the right direction
and what's funny is that all of these
news outlets who were
so keen to get the message out that if
Donald Trump is elected it's gonna be
economic doomsday now that we're
actually seeing successes in the markets
are seeing great job creation Louis
unemployment had a long time
they're very silent on the issue they
are very quiet that isn't great why are
they so quiet you know they all got it
wrong almost to a man not gay Jared is
it because they are deceptive or are
they just extremely stupid well they're
more than the same I think on this issue
but it's not an either/or question with
the you know it's really hard to comment
on because it's just so volatile you
know it could be up it could be up today
and down tomorrow and it's kind of hard
to wait does that say EP of laro the
Crowder on my lower third I'm the
morning grinder so what is the I've
never even heard of ladder with grandeur
I only subscribed to morning grinders
Marshall is a huge oversight that you
know Apple is doing well that's actually
more shocking that's true we have a live
view of Twitter's stock is it still just
just bursting well yes actually through
the bottom of the floor I think yeah
this is right when I get verified
Twitter's gonna go out of business
that's terrible I guess you know I got
verified for not writing a book so
that's ruling Millennials way more
famous than me or you that's wow man
alright now I see why that company's
failing okay we got to move on the
Department of Homeland Security says it
will waive more than three dozen laws
and regulations most related to
environmental review and the protection
of wildlife as it pushes to build a
border wall with Mexico
we go now to Sarah McLachlan for a
reaction
I'll visit for one time
thank you Sarah there was a string
report naki jared is this an example of
President Trump cutting through red tape
or is this lawlessness from the White
House here's the thing there's always
gonna be just mountains of mountains or
red tape of this and I think when it
left us realized they can't make
arguments on the immigration front it's
just a natural shift to say oh but their
climate you know change reasons to shift
you know away from the border wall I
member Jeff Corrine like a month ago is
saying we build this wall it's really
gonna mess up the birds I don't know if
you know what Burt happens but bird
encounter you know objects in the
wilderness such as a wall but they tend
to fly over them they fly or you know I
have never heard our u.s. science deny
or not gauge here I've never heard of
that all right so this is just leftist
getting their own way I mean it's it
it's perfect for them right because it's
a something they oppose and they can
relate it's just a national shift it yes
exactly you know they but they get in
their own way with this kind stuff as
well you can't build us solar panels in
the Mojave Desert because of some stupid
endangered turtle
so tortoise tortoise vein I was that was
rude of me rampant species just no I
don't think I think chumps gonna have to
do some these things that cut through
the BS or at least you know maybe talk
about some the funding for these
programs and these these people who want
to just you know rayul on the climate
change issue for the wall because I
think you're gonna find most of it's
unfounded and it doesn't make any sense
I have to push back on your species as a
NACA Jared roaming if securing our
borders might endanger half-a-dozen
chupacabras shouldn't we just completely
abandon the project well I mean that's a
great point right this is about
priorities we have arms tracker arms
traffickers drug traffickers documented
like criminals who who we've sent back
and keep coming over but you know place
like the EPA oh well there's this
species of rabbit that likes to you know
hop back and forth this area therefore
we shouldn't do it really is that it's
not a legitimate argument against this
and I think you know if nothing else it
proves the point that hay walls do work
and restricting a population movement
right that's a very good you know one
time I was I was working in local
politics I was advising a company on how
to build in this middle of nowhere in
New York and we we had to hold the
entire project would have brought a lot
of jobs in because of a rattlesnake
which last time I checked we don't want
we want we don't get rid of them we want
to kill them apparently we had to stop
the whole problem they are a nuisance
they are a pest so destructive I'm sorry
go ahead
oh I was gonna say if you remember
though that a lot of times when they do
and push these proposals right the
climate change we can't do because XY
and Z have you noticed they don't really
tend to name the actual species they're
trying to save recently speaking the
most generic terms possible I remember
there was a bridge in California like
two years ago they built a new one
because Ola was rusted out and they had
to tear down the other one but the other
one was housing like home to like 800
something Birds it was gonna be a 33
million dollar project to remove these
birds I cannot find any article where
they specified the birds I didn't even
know there were 800 different birds yeah
no no 806 a mind of bird mounted up into
this this old bridge 33 million dollars
to remove them that's like forty
thousand dollars a bird you know you
know why they can't be too specific
though the reason they can't be too
specific is that global warming might
cause new bird species to go and live
there so they have to prepare for them I
mean these these shifts are really
affect the biosphere you might get
people on board but if you were to tell
people like hey actually they're just
pigeons maybe like screw the pigeons you
know they do that in LA they do that in
LA they they divert a ton of our fresh
water because of the delta smelt which
is just an anchovy there's there these
anchovies that are sucking up more fresh
water than Californians are terrible I
think they're they're just the greatest
symbol of I think white
upper-middle-class privilege like an
ambassador
right like what's with this border wall
you have like a low-income let's say
african-american communities in places
like Los Angeles and Texas who whose
jobs are being undercut by legal
immigration it's like sorry guys there's
an owl yeah we don't care you can feed
your family the owl needs to feed its
family that's true do you think do you
think Trump has to do this so does
Donald Trump need to build the wall if
he doesn't want to lose his supporters
you know I think a lot of people mad at
me when I say that I have I haven't
really been a big deal the wall guy I'm
not against it yeah you care more about
the owls I understand I'm with you
though the health care the jobs and
stuff like that
stop leaving out the sugar so you know
that way you know you they stopped
losing the incentive to come over and if
you do see some people trying to sneak
into our country from there with even
though they know they're not going to
get anything chances are that person
trying to sneak in is probably trying to
blow something up that is a good test
one of those very bad one very good I'm
kidding they're both terrible they're
terrible roaming does he have to build
the wall you know what I I'm kind of
like so right I mean I'm not someone who
thought like oh wow would be a great
idea before was mentioned but you know
when you think about it it does kind of
make sense like hey you have this border
it's very porous you have a lot of
movement going back and forth
unauthorised why not into me it's not
just about the actual physical wall it's
about you know hay patrols a greater
monitoring things like that I think I
think Trump doesn't need to build it you
know it's something that he campaigned
on greatly I think it's something that a
lot of people who are feeling like rural
law doesn't apply in in America anymore
it's something that they're counting on
and you know what there's a lot of that
portion is already wild anyway it's not
as a I think as huge a project as some
people are making it out to be acting as
if there's like no separation at all
going on I I think I think he does need
to do it you know speaking of the threat
from illegal aliens NASA is currently
seeking to hire someone with a secret
security clearance and quote advanced
knowledge of planetary protection
to lead the agency's planetary
protection capability now this appears
to be a change in course from NASA's
primary duties under President Obama do
we have that interval when I became the
NASA Administrator or before I became
the NASA Administrator he charged me
with three things one was he wanted me
to help Riaan to want to get into
science and math he wanted me to expand
our international relationships and
third and that's really important so
which poses a greater danger to the
United States extraterrestrials or
Muslim terrorists Muslim
extraterrestrials forgotten that third
category it is really reaching across
the aisle a real melding of the Obama
and Trump administration priorities nage
Jared we're making nice with Muslims
we're protecting against the Martians
but the last time that humans traveled
out of low Earth orbit was 1972 why
aren't we exploring space anymore hmm is
it because of fear of the Muslim
extraterrestrials it could be but if
you've got a protector of the universe
out there as they're planning and I can
only picture at this point
Al Gore with spandex and green mullets I
wouldn't want to leave the earth either
that's something you don't want to
encounter
that's a making of a horror movie you
can't take back that is a fair point
what a job to have by the way protector
of the planet pretty good these jobs
Obama was adding because he was
inflating that numbers I want to go back
and look at those jobs numbers under the
Bureau of Labor Statistics well it's
true actually the the salaries almost
87,000 or something like that yeah
that's right almost $200,000 a year to
protect the planet which well because of
citizens united we
look into all this dirty money in
government but we'll have to look into
it
roaming when we ventured out to explore
the moon all we found was dirt and rock
the same is true of Texas does our
apathy about imploringly imply exploring
imply that we have gone soft as a
civilization you know I've heard that
argument even from conservatives the
fact that you know Russia's making gains
against the US in the space race and you
know what as someone who likes space I
like science it's still really hard I
think to justify that amount of spending
just in general we have such a huge
deficit when we have so many problems
you know on earth in the country but you
know I think the the biggest question
here is that if it's a planetary
protector why why is only the u.s.
looking into this right I mean shouldn't
other countries be kind of going into
this and I'm not saying we build some
sort of Death Star but you know if we're
actually thinking of protecting the
whole planet why is it always the u.s.
that's taking on these initiatives right
I mean if it's just an American job for
NASA I think we you know a sort of
protective bubble just around the u.s.
is it's more feasible in my opinion
other countries can fend for themselves
you know roaming you mind echo this for
oh sorry go ahead you're right I agree
with you I work with you let's let's not
be cowardly here creates jobs but I
gotta ask you know cuz when they keep
looking out into space and they're
always saying this planet could
potentially support life it's always
could potentially support life they
haven't substantiated that there there
is a organic material out there or
something that that is supporting life
out there so why are they worried about
some sort of organic material coming
here when they haven't really proven
that there's something else that
supports light out there yeah well we
can't focused on protecting from
terrestrial life until we first project
against the evil Martians you have to
get your priorities in order
I mean making another planet habitable
is cool but I mean if you look on earth
we still haven't figured out a way to
make like sub-saharan Africa habitable
Chicago or Detroit yeah we could turn
turn our view inside and make our own
societies better that's a really
wholesome point to end on get out of
here you is great to have you
millennial not gay Jerrod and Joe raise
Rachel now it's time for final thoughts
like so many government initiatives a
legal structure that began with
apparently good intentions has wrought
unintended consequences that are unjust
not merely to certain disenfranchised
groups but even to the people that
intended to help the road to hell is
paved with good intentions these
statistical moral and legal arguments to
end affirmative action are overwhelming
but here's the simplest the Justice
Department is entrusted with the
responsibility to stop discrimination
and protect civil rights for everybody
perhaps finally it ought to be able to
do just that I'm Michael Knowles this is
the Michael Knowles show
you
