the big kung pao chicken in the room is
that we have not yet discussed much is
China for years the United States has
leaned on China to pressure North Korea
on its nuclear weapons program to
evidently zero success this week China's
vice Commerce Minister insisted quote we
think the North Korea nuclear issue and
China US trade are in two completely
different domains they aren't related
they should not be discussed together
well there's a new sheriff in town and
president Trump has promised to do just
that finally tie trade to North Korean
nukes critics will shriek about the in
efficacy of this tactic but it couldn't
possibly do worse than our previous
quarter century of failed policy on the
peninsula
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Nolt show come back tomorrow we'll do it
again
