all righty so welcome to my living room
love you're right back all right so okay
so first of all everybody should know
that we are moving the book signing
because we started late here we're
moving the book signing to after the
debate and as soon as this is over to
get right back in line for the debate
are basically back to back now so just
be aware of that and and I have no
opening statements so I'm happy to take
as many questions as you want to give so
charge in line I have there it is right
there I do have one rule which is my
usual which is that if you disagree with
me or if you are on the left
particularly raise your hands and you
get to go to the front no cheating I
mean we're doing the honor roll here so
that's someone's being murdered in the
other room okay so go ahead
Oh y'all singing show tunes meet I mean
that's the question I repeated
so I do think that the president if he
has the authority should prevent the
Congress from getting out of Obamacare
they should have to live with the regime
that they've created for everybody else
as far as whether they have whether it
has the constitutional authority do it I
did to be out to be fair I haven't
actually looked in detail at the
legislation the section of the
legislation so I'll have to punt on that
one oh hi Ben I'm a fan but I'm like a
thirty softball you said at a college
campus event quote something I hate the
most from the right is this constant
refrain
yeah social Miz a great idea if only it
worked it's not true it's unbelievably
morally crappy idea my question refers
to an example in the early days of the
Mormon Church they practice what is
known as the law of consecration or
church members consent adapt material
goods redistributed like most social
experiments have failed because of
individual weakness in theory is this
morally corrupt so here's my view of
economic systems as a general matter
there's a difference in how you handle
your family and how you handle the broad
economy so in my own family we are
socialists meaning that my wife and I
share a bank account right it means that
my children can rely on me to take care
of them that's a socialist system in the
sense that we all pool our common
resources and then you know from each
according to his ability to each
according to his name but that's my
family it doesn't work when you're
talking about a broad range of people
with a vast difference in priorities and
what you see very often in religion and
this is true with regard to for example
the the Old Testament talks about why it
doesn't like interest payments again
it's in the context specifically of you
know basically a familial Jewish tribe
if you look at the if you could the New
Testament when it talks about how all
the disciples shared everything they had
in common it's specifically talking
about a group of people who are treating
each other as family that doesn't extend
out to an entire society every time it's
tried as an entire society it ends up
destroying the society because you can't
get everyone to consent to a common set
of goals that would require me to do
more work on your behalf I don't love
you enough for me to give you my stuff
you don't love me enough to give you my
to give me your stuff nor should we have
to so thank you
hi
howdy okay so I was wondering what's
your opinion on our president Donald
Trump delaying the movement of the u.s.
embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem I
mean he he promised that he was going to
make the move he hasn't made the move
it's that simple to me I don't see any
reason why he shouldn't move the embassy
I know there was a theory that was going
around that maybe Prime Minister
Netanyahu didn't want him to move the
embassy
I see no evidence to that effect in fact
I've been told by people in the know
that Prime Minister Netanyahu said
precisely the opposite that he would
very much prefer if President Trump
would move the embassy the Congress is
for you know more than a decade been
pushing the the executive branch to move
the embassy there's really no excuse for
it and I understand that he says it's
delay and eventually he'll do it but it
seems to me the timing should not be
material especially given what's
happening right now you prove that if
you were to attempt to internationalize
Jerusalem in any way it would
immediately fall into discrimination
violence and brutality thank you
hi Ben howdy I'm doing research
currently on whether or not flat tax is
better or marginal tax rate for income
taxes so I would like to hear from you
for why we should have a flat tax slash
regressive tax or the argument for that
okay so I have a basic moral argument
against the progressive tax rate which
is that just because I'm making more
money does not mean that you should be
able to take more of a percentage of my
money percentage is by nature a
percentage is by nature fair I mean 20
percent of my money is more than 20
percent of your money unless you're
making an enormous sum of money you know
so this is the fact that there are
people who think that you ought to pay
more money just as the more money you
make there's no real moral argument for
that other than I want your money and
you make a lot of it so I have I have a
problem with that just on a moral level
on an economic level it seems to me that
as you penalize people for making more
and more money they're going to be gaps
right you see this you see that there
are certain income cliffs where people
are afraid that if they make more than a
certain amount of money that the next
dollar they make is now going to be
taxed at a higher tax rate and so why
would you bother hiring 20 new employees
to get you past that mark if you're then
gonna have to pay a higher tax rate it
doesn't it's not a steep cliff depending
on how large the marginal tax rate
increases but if you have what used to
the united states gained 91 percent tax
rate for people who were making like 5
million bucks a year once you get up to
that point what's the point of making
another dollar you may as well just save
your breath not hire the employee and
keep your money ok thank you I think
here was my setup man I have a tax
question as well you guys are just
excitement I won't start with a
five-minute speech what is your your
opinion or your position on taxation of
religious institutions so taxation is so
I have sort of a split opinion on this
right right tax exemptions for religious
institutions I have I've kind of a split
opinion on this a little bit so I'm of
one mind which says that there shouldn't
be tax exemptions for virtually anything
but the government should basically just
tax everything that's going to tax and
that way we're all running under the
same rubric by the same token I also do
believe what it says McCulloch versus
Maryland which is the power to tax is
the power to destroy and once you give
the government the power to tax specific
institutions then you could see them use
that in order to destroy those
institutions with that said I tend to
err more on the side of the first than
the second in fact I think one of the
worst things that's happened to
religious institutions in the United
States is you've seen a lot of religious
institutions get out of the political
business because they're afraid they're
gonna lose their tax-exempt status and
that to me is actually an abdication of
religious duty in some cases right there
are religious values that undergird
politics for millions and millions of
people in the country I think that's an
actually good thing and the fact that
religious institutions won't do it
anymore because they're afraid that
they're gonna lose their tax-exempt
status and then people don't give them
enough money you know maybe if you get
rid of that incentive suddenly actually
see maybe you suddenly see if religious
institutions start to get more active in
terms of forming a social fabric and
getting involved in politics which i
think would actually be a good thing
hey Ben I was just in the previous panel
and listening to the infighting among
Republicans and it was quite frankly
depressing and coming here is actually
inspiring seeing you know how many
people came for you but I'm just
wondering what ideas do you have that
you know for us to stop the infighting
to get together and not look at each
other as enemies so I think that we have
to number one stop attributing nasty
motives to one another I think that
there's an attempt by people on both
sides to attribute nasty when I say both
sides I mean really both sides of the
Trump question because that seems to be
the big divide dividing conservatives
right now on the one hand you'll have
people who are like me who didn't vote
for other candidates and some people who
are like that will say that Trump voters
they're they have bad intent and that
they were just a bait they were they
bought into everything that was bad
about the man and there's these sort of
maligned Trump voters as though they did
something deeply wrong I never said that
I don't believe that i think most Trump
voters voted for Trump not because they
loved all the bad things about Trump but
because they thought that Hillary
Clinton was the worst candidate in the
history of the Republic
and on the other side I think the Trump
voters would be wise to look at some
people who are very uncomfortable with
Trump and say maybe there's a reason
people are uncomfortable at Trump and
maybe we'd be better off instead of
embracing all of his stupidities instead
of saying that he's playing 987 degree
underwater upside down Hungry Hungry
Hippos right maybe instead of doing that
maybe we ought to just say listen some
of the dumb stuff he's doing his dumb
some of the good stuff he's doing is
good
like it's it's it's so weird to me that
we're even having a debate at this point
right the election already happened he's
the president when he does something
that's good for conservatives we should
all cheer when he did Gorsuch I put on
the mag a hat okay and when and when he
does something stupid like he attacks
his own Attorney General on Twitter for
a week and a half and then activates
Anthony scaramouche a who's who's
legitimately at this point I'm just
rooting for entertainment so I want much
to stay but it's it but he activates
Anthony scare emoji who legitimately is
the ellice character from die hard right
he activates him to attack the the chief
of staff instead of just having the
balls to fire his chief of staff you
know I think we should all agree this is
kind of dumb like this is not useful the
question shouldn't be is it entertaining
the question should be does it for the
ball and I think that people on the
Trump side needs to get away from the
idea that there's some sort of
mastermind genius working inside Trump's
gourd that is making all the dumb things
obviously super smart because some
things are dumb I mean come on
all right so bear with me Shapiro I had
this all written on my phone with my
phone died on the way here and I left my
charger in the car belt which takes
maybe five minutes to take off not
running through the metal detector again
so I don't really stand a theater party
I was raised Republican but I side with
you and a lot of things I'm called an
anarchist centrist so weird labeled our
it's a word yeah I can't think of a
better one apparently no one else can
maybe mutualism but okay so my question
is and this isn't an attack and maybe
this is indirect I could go over this
for hours but this is the best way I can
say it do you think either party will
push in the next four years to decrease
income equality and return power
opportunity decent wages and liberty of
the working people of this great country
and truly push the fight against the
great favor and power and liberty and
opportunity that is so very much in the
lap of the super-rich industrial elite
or well both parties continue to serve
the elite as they have for many decades
okay so my first problem is I fell
asleep halfway through the question I
don't know I'll still work this 20
minutes trying to figure this out with
my buddy 20 minutes so they said okay so
here's my feeling number one I don't
care about income inequality I care
about the idea that there are people who
have actual obstacles to success that's
not the same thing right if you have
somebody
you know I've been in the 1% I've been
outside the 1% I hope that all of you
when they are in the 1% the fact that I
am now in the 1% is nothing from you
right I didn't take any money from any
of you guys and I would challenge you to
you know take me to the cops if you
think I stole something from you because
I certainly haven't so the idea that
that is a chief problem in the United
States I just don't agree with but if
the idea if the question is does either
party have a real incentive to help the
American people the answer is no both
parties have an incentive to engage in
in the rage machine I wrote an entire
piece about this for National Review
right now what you have is an angry
moment everybody is pissed about
something but the question is whether
your anger is justified if you're a good
person and you're married and you're
getting angry about something and you
want have a good marriage the first
thing you should ask is not what did my
spouse do to me the first thing you
should ask is is it justified that I'm
angry like I'm am I really doing the
right thing here and in politics the
same thing is true political parties
don't have an incentive to do that so
say for example you're living in a dying
miss Midwestern town where all of the
jobs have moved overseas because of
competition or because of Technology
you're no longer gonna get that job at
the factory let's just go on it's not
coming back so you can be pissed at
something right so the Democrats say
what you should be pissed at you should
be pissed at all the people on Wall
Street who obviously screwed you and
that's why you don't have a job in this
industry where machines doing your job
and on the right you have a bunch of
people who will say well it's China
right or it's Mexico and and let's be
real about this the fact is that a lot
of those jobs are gone because
technology moves forward I mean you
don't have the same economy that my
parents had when my mom worked at a
company for 20 years and since I got out
of law school I probably worked five or
six jobs and that's not unusual people
are moving more and more often now but
no one's willing to say that so if you
say to somebody your anger is not
justified the best thing that you can do
right now is recognize that no one cares
enough about you to get in your way
you'll go out and make something of
yourself and we'll try and find
resources for you you know on a social
level not a governmental level we'll try
and go out there and raise the money so
you can go to college we'll try to raise
the money for you so you can we'll try
to give you the job opportunity so you
can get your start but that's the best
way to get ahead not to sit and bitch
and moan about politics those
politicians unfortunately those
politicians lose right I'm not in the
business of getting votes and so I can
say all these things but if you're a
politician and you say to your own
constituency you're pissed but your
reason for being pissed is really bad
how about get your together right
then
if I can add one more thing what is the
solution if half the labor jobs are
maybe gone to robots in the next 20
years so I think that if we reach the
point where we have the replicator from
Star Trek and all goods are you know
plentiful across the board and there is
no more poverty essentially because
everything the cost of things become
zero then you can start talking about a
universal basic income but until then
scarcity is what drives the economy
there has not been a magic shift in jobs
we still have you know as close to full
employment as you can have if you trust
the the u6 unemployment statistics and
so the idea that we are on the verge of
you know half the country being
unemployed and everybody's gonna be
wandering the street selling oxy it's
happening it's happening in some places
in the United States but the idea is
that there have always been these labor
shift right well I'm not implying that's
gonna happen sooner no no I understand
and I understand that a lot of people
asking that question that are not just
you and I think that we should probably
focus on the problems that are now in
five years and ten years in front of us
but as opposed to the future when
technology becomes so grand that I don't
even have a job there's somebody up here
you know speaking in computer language
for you thank you thank you thank you
for your time sir I've been here I don't
know where all the leftists are they
didn't come to the front but I used to
be a leftist you converted me about a
year
your appreciate it
okay it's like an AAA meeting I didn't
expect that I didn't have a speech
prepared but I'm also a gay Jewish
Republican from New York of all places
now that's weird
and both single handedly you and my dad
helped you know convince me with really
just intellectual honesty to consider
the other side so I hope you keep doing
that thank you actually considering your
work you know so I've heard you say many
times that the marketplace works out
issues of discrimination by letting
perpetrators lose business from fair
minded folks thus eliminating the need
for government overreach but I've also
heard you say that while not illegal
it's nasty to exact revenge on
businesses with boycotts so what are you
left with
yeah so this is actually a really good
question so I think that I the the
question is does it impact the operation
of the business meaning that so for
example Brendon dice and Mozilla Firefox
is somebody who gave money to the
anti-gay marriage effort in California
and who's basically thrown out of his
job by the higher-ups there and I
thought that was nasty because that
actually creates a climate where
political viewpoints that you disagree
with our way of throwing you out of your
job if however you have a situation
where people are you know the the actual
function of their job is being impacted
so Brendan Aisha's job was not impacted
by his actual viewpoint then I don't
think that a boycott it if it impacts
the function of your job then a boycott
might be appropriate if you disagree
with the behavior right if it doesn't
actually impact the working of your job
I don't think the boycott is appropriate
right exactly so Brandon I I mean
another example it's controversial in LA
like if you can't show me yet of any
evidence that Donald sterling was bland
it was banning black people from his
games
I think the boycotting the Clippers
because of Donald sterling is really
weird like Donald Sterling's in a piece
of crap for sure
but if it didn't impact how he was
actually running his organization there
might have been impact on that by the
way but if there wasn't then it's weird
to boycott him so my general rule on
this is that a boycott is appropriate if
you feel that the the business is being
run in such a way as to be
discriminatory but a boycott is not
appropriate based on the viewpoints of
the person who owns the business if it
is not enacted in the actual practice of
the business
and a distinction discrimination based
on protected class just mean listen it's
a free country so you know my moral view
may not be your moral view like things
I'm a boycott may not be things that you
boycott I don't think it's so that
that's I don't believe in general
protected class stuff gem tends to me to
apply to governmental action not to
private citizens like for example
there's parts of the Civil Rights Act to
talk specifically about what private
businesses can and cannot do
I think that's an overreach by the
federal government I think the federal
government should be in the business of
what the government can do Jim Crow is a
governmental policy right to pretend
that the government was not complicit in
Jim Crow the government was Jim Crow and
as soon as Jim Crow has done away with
those Jim Crow laws were done away with
the south is now highly integrated
Gallup polls show the people in the
south have almost exact same levels of
racism as people in other parts of the
country so the market does work in other
words thank you thanks hi mr. Shapiro
I'm a huge fan of your podcasts one of
the most common arguments that the left
has against capitalism today is that the
wealth the wealthy and powerful are in
bed with the government and acquire
power from the government through
campaign donations one of the most
common arguments from the right against
big government is that also big donors
have a strong influence on the
government and so policy is catered
toward special interest groups seeing as
both sides agree money and politics is
dangerous why continue to allow private
donations to political campaigns so I
don't think that money in politics is
dangerous I think money in the
government's pocket is dangerous meaning
that I think that if I want to give
money to a political candidate then
that's fine why was it that why was it
that for the vast majority of American
history money in politics wasn't a
massive danger and the answer is that it
wasn't a massive danger because no one
cared what Washington DC did it wasn't
involved in your business it didn't
regulate you right it was actually
unconstitutional for it to do so and as
government grew as the coffers grew
bigger as it had the power to crowd out
your competitors through regulation then
people see a necessity for spending a
lot of money so this was Trump's example
right well Trump was saying this all
during the primaries and during the
general he kept saying over and over
things like well you know I was involved
in giving money to politicians in a
corrupt way because that's the way the
game is played well that's the way the
game is played because there's actually
like a giant piggy bank of
at the federal government level I don't
think the banning money and politics
changes any of that you'll just see
different forms of people attempting to
to gather these people in their pocket
right I mean you can't stop how do you
stop a corporation for example or Union
from telling its members that they
should go out and vote a certain way
forget about political donations
directly to candidates how do you how do
you actually stop that I mean that's
that's that's an actual violation of
free speech right I have viewpoints on
politics those viewpoints on politics
it's my way I have the freedom to
express those viewpoints on politics
there is there is no gap in other words
between political spending on candidates
in campaigns and me going out and
pushing you know going out in printing
my own yard signs or the New York Times
printing a story this is all part of the
grand tradition of politics and back and
forth in the country what needs to
happen if you actually in politics is
stop letting the government be so damn
big the bigger it is the more people
care about grabbing pieces of it
thank you
Thank You Ben I'm a very big fan I
actually have a book I hope I hope I get
assigned but my question today is uh
given that if you examine all sides of
the media spectrum I'm a very big fan of
your show by the way watched almost all
of it thank you if you if you do like
psychoanalysis if you do nonverbal and
verbal analysis of both sides if you
look at on body language if you if you
look at historical context of everything
that they're doing and you expose the
left you expose the right you expose the
center why do all of them say they don't
have it but they do and it's been proven
by everybody and they just bleeped me
throw it out like what is it sorry they
just hypocrisy or an extreme bias
because why is everybody biased I mean I
think you know like why why is it that
when it's shown and it's proven by
hundreds of people it's just they just
can't deal with it well I think that for
a lot of people who are in the so-called
mainstream media people who consider
themselves objective journalists at CNN
if you're brought up in a culture of the
media where you are told that that's
your job then you tend to get into a
mindset where you think you're doing
your job
we all think we do our jobs on a daily
basis if somebody told you your job is
to be objective about the matter that's
directly in front of you it's very
difficult to live with the cognitive
dissonance that says I am politically of
one side but I'm gonna put that to the
side in order for me to pursue this
objective analysis of the issue in front
of me and I think that if you go to J
school or if you go to which is where a
lot of people from CNN New York Times
come from and you're told that your
political point of view is irrelevant to
your reporting but all the people who
surround you think the way you do you've
never actually seen anybody it's like a
strange breed at the zoo you've never
actually seen another political point of
view you don't even know that you're
biased one you are so I'm gonna tribute
a lot of this to ignorance not
malevolence and we on the right have a
tendency to say you know you're biased
but you won't say you're biased and
that's true for some people like George
Stephanopoulos right he's on the Clinton
campaign obviously he's biased but for
people you know like Maggie Haberman at
the New York Times
maybe she's biased to the left because
she hangs out in lefty circles and it
never occurs to her that she's infusing
her stories with bias so I you know I
tend to try and avoid if I can
attributing nasty intents to people with
whom I disagree because I think
everybody's trying to do their best or
at least most people are trying to do
their best and they just come up short
okay one last thing if you had say ten
years in the future or whenever
would you run for president
well I mean 10 years from now I'm fairly
certain it's gonna be a vodka versus
Michelle so I may be crowded out of the
primaries but I would never say never to
anything
mr. Shapiro I'm a big fan so just now
that you're off the air I want to know
how do you really feel about Mack Weldon
underwear they're fantastic they're on
my ass right now anyway so so despite
the fact that the cost of college has
obviously increased due to all these
government loan practices it seems like
the left continues to advocate for more
generous and more and more subsidies
more loans that being the case how
should we decrease the cost of college
without preventing lower-income students
from being able to attend so the only
way to decrease the cost of college is
to stop with all the subsidies for
 majors right so that would
actually decrease the cost because what
increases cost is obvi I'm in supply and
demand the more demand there is it's the
same amount of supply so they just
increased the price and just keeps going
up and up and up you keep subsidizing
college a lot of people are gonna go the
cost goes up so if you actually want to
decrease the price of college what
you're actually gonna have to do is
you're gonna have to say no more
government subsidies for lesbian arts
majors right and no more no more
subsidies like I I'm sure art history is
wonderful but there are three jobs in
that actual industry and maybe you might
want to try a stem right or if you're
gonna be a limey n-- the entire
educational system in the United States
is really screwed up if the truth is
that I did for years ECOA and political
science complete waste of time I could
have gone I could have gone straight to
law school and apprenticed with a law
firm and done that way that's the way we
actually used to do these things and
that's the way they do these in other
countries right there are other
countries that do this where they they
say pick a track when you're 18 and now
you're on that track and you go in you
intern and you actually work in this job
people are not prepared for it if you
think you come out of college prepared
for a job in modern American economy
it's complete nonsense
what prepares you for a job as everyone
who's ever held a job knows actually
doing a job and so what we have to do
there are still areas that are that are
they're still at that initial trade
schools where you're learning something
there's still areas of college that are
useful my wife's a doctor she had to go
through and through a biology major and
then through med school in order to get
that you wouldn't want her coming
straight out of college and operating on
you but it's but I think that this is a
very simple suppliant to management by
the way the idea that that poor people
would not be able to get a loan to go
major in a stem major if they have great
grades and good SAT scores I don't think
that's true
at all I mean there plenty of banks
would be willing that's a good bet it's
a good bet by a bank and what we've had
right now is a lot of basically subprime
loans to bad College borrowers and then
there's not even any security you can't
repossess an education degree right so
that being said I just graduated from
high school and I'm for financial
reasons I'm heading to Community College
next year
are you looking for interns
so California has a California has
pretty strict laws on internships we're
trying to set up an internship program
right now if we do I promise I will put
that out there on Twitter remind me that
you're the guy who asked me the question
of political you'll go to the top of the
pile thank you so much he disagrees okay
sorry I feel bad for people skipping
lines it is snappy is it quick okay
thank you for letting me cut in front I
disagree with you I wouldn't say I'm
hostile for someone who speaks a lot
about morality it seems like you don't
it seems like you avoid acknowledging I
and rant and I'm wondering would you
agree to debate someone like your on
Brooke or any Objectivist I'd love to
talk to you I'm Brooke Shore okay of
course I mean I think that Iran's take
on what drives capitalism is correct her
take on applying that to human nature
and interrelationships between human
beings I think is more of a problem I
think the debate should be ethical but
thank you okay all right thanks it mr.
ben shapiro the shabbat savage the torah
tank the Hebrew hammer very excited to
meet you sir I just wanted to start off
with a couple of things before I ask my
question just cuz I have the chance and
the mic number one I barely recognize
you without sunglasses to join your
mouth and his new dog song playing in
the background shout-out to thug life
whoever you are and sex second of all I
can't wait to watch you contribute to
the extinction of the water buffalo in
about an hour I know you're gonna have
no comment on that you're a classy guy
but I had to put that out there all
right my real question is though it's
pretty serious as a Jew I've seen a lot
of anti-semitism recently in the past
year or two I mean I expected on the
left it takes the form of anti Xiamen
anti-zionism anti-israel they employs
people like Linda Sarsour keith ellison
as you know have one of the head members
of the DNC but what I've seen a growing
trend very disturbing is uh on the
fringe fringe right you know all right
we've all heard you've been attacked by
them I've seen some very just flat-out
you know
anti-semitic just crazy the Jewish
Question Jews run media Jews are behind
it literally everything and you know
growing up my parents were conservative
and we were
you know Jewish conservatives never we
were always you know out of the
orthodoxy you know most Jews are liberal
so you know I always thought the right
was very welcoming towards Jews and by
looking towards Israel I still think
they are but why do you think there's
such an increase to towards Jews both on
the left and the right okay so first of
all on the chanc thing I'm looking
forward to having a productive
discussion with him
when this happens so to put that out as
far as the as far as the alt-right
anti-semitism I mean as somebody who
received an inordinate amount of hate
from the alt-right in the last year the
anti-defamation league naming the number
one recipients of anti-semitic tweets
for journalists on the internet last
year and that was largely driven by the
the all right I think that people need
to understand what the alt right
actually is and people who think they're
all right so not everybody who likes
memes is an all right person okay I
think a lot of these men I think a lot
of memes are hilarious
you know I'm particularly fun to
Harambee memes so I'm there there are a
lot of these things that I think are
really funny but I think that the
alt-right did a good marketing thing
when they broaden their appeal because
the actual basis of the alright movement
people like Jared Taylor and Richard
Spencer is is essentially a white
supremacist argument that they that the
white race created Western civilization
and that Outsiders to that race are
threats to Western civilization and I
think that the rise of that movement is
partially driven as a reaction to the
intersectionality theory of the left so
on the Left you've seen the this attempt
to basically paint everybody in the
United States as a member of a
particular race or sex or sexual
orientation they're not individuals
they're groups and all of these groups
have been victimized by Western
civilization and therefore they have to
stand up and fight back against Western
civilization and there's a group of
people on the so called alright who
aren't particularly conservative by the
way they're not in favor of smaller
government many of them many of them are
overtly anti-christian not just anti
Judaic and they come along and they say
okay well if intersectionality is good
for the left well I can't be good for
the right right why can't we have why
can't this be true for white people
right if there's an interest group for
black people why not have an interest
for white people and I think that that's
that they're that reactionary tendency
gain some steam during the last election
cycle and and because they consider
themselves to be politically incorrect
more than just wrong
they glom on to a person they considered
to be politically incorrect which is
President Trump and they used him as
sort of an avatar and I think that some
of that's unfair so that's why I think
you saw the rise of this too I think
it's more than a small movement no I
think it's a very small movement I think
that when people suggest that it's
taking over the Republican Party I think
that's nonsense I think that there was
an attempt by the alt-right to broaden
itself out and pretend it was something
that it wasn't it was just people who
were disaffected with the establishment
okay then I'd be alright I think the
establishment sucks it has a tea partier
but that's not what the alt-right is and
those are the people who are really
driving a lot of that on the right all
right thank you Ben appreciate so you
reference the book nudge by Cass
Sunstein at some point on the podcast
and I'm a very interested in the book
and I'm just curious to wonder what your
thoughts in the concept of libertarian
paternalism are because yeah I'm sort of
oxymoronic but I thought was pretty
interesting it is an interesting book so
Cass Sunstein's Book nudge was used by
the Obama administration is sort of a
handbook in terms of if you change the
for people to never at the book the
basic idea is this if you change the
sort of presets in life people don't
tend to people are not active people are
passive and an object at rest remains at
rest so there's a sort of human inertia
so if you go into a cafeteria and all
the choices are hamburgers and pizza
people will eat hamburgers and pizza but
if you take the hamburgers and pizza out
and you put arugula and mango people eat
arugula and mango because now there's an
actual burden to them to have to switch
over to hamburgers and pizza that's the
idea of the libertarian paternalism
basically that if you for organ donation
right instead of you having to opt in to
organ donation we'll just make the
default on your card you're gonna be an
organ donor now and then you have to
physically opt out of being an organ
donor so my problem with this general
idea is that it assumes that your
presets should be everyone's presets I
think that you know there's things that
I thrilled to in that I think everyone
does right like so I tend to be somebody
who thinks that we need more organ
donation in fact I'm such a libertarian
I think there should actually be organ
markets in some cases but but the fact
is but but the fact is that there are a
lot of people who don't believe that may
be shocked to learn because they don't
read the paperwork that when
one dies their organ donor and that's
upsetting them it violates the religious
precepts so I think that the baseline
should be non-interventionism not
setting the preset what I want it to be
because I don't get to control you I
mean I think that that's where
libertarian paternalism comes into
conflict because even the idea they're
gonna set the presets is paternalistic
in a non libertarian fashion all right
thank you hey there Ben so I understand
that you're an adequate opposer of
socialism Mike my question to you is
about socialist ideas that worked in the
past
such as Social Security or Medicare I
understand so Social Security is a mess
right now but it has helped millions of
Americans in the past so do you think
that we should banish socialist ideas in
general in the United States or limited
damage and the reason I say that it's
because so show what socialism basically
does is it takes the resources of a
given society and it freezes them there
and then it redistributes them it
doesn't account for growth it doesn't
allow for innovation and and enlarging
the pie socialism basically says however
much money is in the economy it's unfair
how its distributed take it redistribute
it that's the end of it the problem is
once you do that you get rid of the
incentive to innovate and to and to
build new things and create new services
so of course it's true that if you take
if you if there are five of us in a room
and I have five dollars and nobody else
has any money and I just give each
person a dollar then everybody in the
room is better off except for me that's
true but I now know how I have no
incentive to go and make five more
dollars because you're always gonna take
the money this is true of Social
Security also Social Security has
actually created an enormous downside
for society now so in the short term
it's great right do you take a bunch of
money that doesn't belong to you you
give it to a bunch of old people they're
happy it didn't cost you that much money
because it's the baby boom and there are
a lot of people who are young and
they're not that many people who are old
and the baby boomers get old and now
we're all screwed right people who are
our age are never going to see our
Social Security money it's gone we're
never seeing it again kiss it goodbye
right so it is so one problem is that
older people did not have an incentive
to save so the savings rate actually
went down after Social Security because
you may as well spend your money
somebody else gonna pay for you and
you're old the second thing that
happened is people stopped having kids
as much it actually had a market impact
Jonathan V last week Lise tanner is a
very good book about this there's a it
actually had a market impact
rates because one of the reasons to have
a kid not to be cynical about this but
it's true is that historically when you
get old who takes care of you your kids
right I mean that was the net cost the
net cost was that you were going to
spend an enormous amount of money
educating your children bringing them up
keeping them safe and then when you got
old you weren't gonna have to worry
about it because little Billy was gonna
take care of you now Social Security
takes care of yous did you even have to
have kids and that's what's created this
enormous bulge in the old population in
the United States and very little on the
in on the young side of the population
in the United States and because as a
society we tend to abdicate to
government what government is willing to
take over it's also created this immoral
notion that the government's going to
take care of all the bold people so we
don't have to worry about it as a
society social fabric doesn't matter
anymore so this is why I'm not in favor
of socialism you know and and Social
Security is a good example I'm not in
favor of it because it has just like
every other socialist program it has a
set of discrete beneficiaries but to
fuse victims and the defuse victims are
much more common than the discreet
beneficiaries and they grow over time
okay thank you
please take chunks ass tonight please
hey I have two questions one's political
the other one's much more important and
in your opinion what's the best course
of action towards North Korea and the
second question what is your prediction
for the end of game of Thrones Season
seven okay
I to a much more fascinated with the
second question and in fact I am very
sad that I'll be signing books for you
instead of watching it tonight but it's
so I love all of you but Game of Thrones
done come on high so it's a so as to the
first question with North Korea I wish I
had a simple answer for you I don't
think there is one just like every other
problem that Fester's in American
foreign policy this is a problem 50
years in the making and it's not gonna
be solved overnight because they have
13,000 pieces of ordnance pointed at
Seoul even if we were to try and take
out the the Kim regime there's a good
shot that if they thought they were
going down they'd start firing ordnance
into Seoul and they're you know millions
of people in Seoul you could easily see
hundreds of 200,000 people being killed
by the by the Kim regime as they go out
in a final kind of liberation of glory
so though the options become very
limited I think that what President
Trump was actually threatening today is
the right course of action you actually
do have to put some significant heavy
economic pressure on China if you want
them to oust the Kim regime by the way I
think that that is the best case for
sanctions on China I don't think that
trade is a good reason for sanctions on
China I think that this is a good reason
the human rights reason is much better
reason for sanctions so that seems to me
the only real method that is available
to us other than a very risky operation
now again maybe I'm wrong about that
I'm not sitting with the Joint Chiefs of
Staff so maybe we have some military
options on the table that are really
fantastic I don't know if we do we
should use them if we don't then all
that's available to us is the economic
leverage that we have at our disposal as
far as Game of Thrones so now the good
part so as far as what I think is going
to happen at the end of Game of Thrones
so I think my so my business partner
Jeremy boring is fantastic at predicting
these things and he has a beautiful
explanation of what's gonna happen for
the rest of the season I don't want to
spoil it for all the people who are
watching because I think he's right on
and how it's gonna go I would just tell
you what I think the end of the series
is gonna be so I think the end of the
series is going I think I think Danny's
gonna die I don't think she's gonna
survive I think that I think John will
survive but I don't think he's going to
be king I think what's gonna end up
happening is he's going to devolve power
to a council led by Tyrion I think
that's where this is going which can be
really disappointing is if they've been
fighting over the Iron Throne through
the eight seasons and we've all gotten
into armed anarchist you know feel and
then they go to democracy it's gonna be
like God have you seen democracy lately
so but that's what I think that it's
gonna go - my name is Vikas Khan and I'm
a legal immigrant from Pakistan oh thank
you for coming here and to the country
thank thank you for having me but now I
identify myself only as American well
thank you for that and other than that
I'm a conservative Republican and Trump
supporter and people like you and
President Trump made me switch sides and
I was an ex Democrat and a proud
Republican thank you so I'm also Muslim
and I'm very proud of my religion and I
call myself as a reformed Muslim who
does not believe in any violent
interpretation of the scripture the
problem which I face right now is like
being on the right I see there's an
immense atmosphere of distrust and then
on the left there is immense atmosphere
of denial and delusion actually so so
how can we like reform Muslims like me
who are out there but they are we are in
the closets we want to come out yeah you
want to voice out but whenever I try to
do that especially in the last election
I was intimidated harassed and bullied
by the liberal left and I call them like
liberal that fish fascist who just came
up any different opinion or voice of
dissent so how can us reform Muslims we
want to live under American Constitution
no other law American Constitution can
come together and bring the two sides
together and find some common ground and
tell them like this is the reality and
we are willing to live peacefully with
the rest of Americans as they are our
fellow countrymen and brothers and
sisters yes
so we on the right have an active
obligation to provide to provide a
loudspeaker for people like you we have
an obligation provide a loudspeaker for
people like you because the only the
only way the change is really gonna take
place in the Muslim world is people like
you are heard because one of the big
problems is that as you say the
denialism on the left about the nature
of radical islam in the extent to which
it has actually infiltrated some major
institutions and the one council on
american-islamic relations comes to mind
so does isne you know these these are
major organizations that have a place
with law enforcement they're talking
with the White House both Republican and
Democrat there's denial that happens
because these are the most prominent
organizations in the country and people
who are reformists or moderates you know
the two separate groups I understand but
they but you know they both are I think
fighting for the same end which is a
reform inside Islam that would that
would do away with violence
interpretations of Islam and tamp them
down and push Islam into a Reformation
the likes of which every major religion
has gone through judy's and went through
it Christianity went through it is time
for Islam to go through to we on the
right half to make an active attempt to
push people like you into positions
where you can speak clearly so to that
end my email address is B Shapiro at
Daily wire calm and please email me I'm
happy to print any op-ed by you
I want I want everybody who is who's
pushing this agenda to have a louder
voice I want everybody who's pushing
this agenda be given a voice because on
the right we have a tendency to say oh
Islam is garbage we should it's evil
it's terrible we have to crush it my
view of religion as a religious person
right as a person who sits here wearing
a funny hat you know as a religious
person my view of holy documents is that
they are open obviously to vast
interpretation there's a lot of violent
stuff in the Old Testament as there is
in the Quran and it is up to people who
I think properly interpret their
religion to take over the the future of
that religion and to promulgate it so
I'll do everything I can to help you and
I hope everybody else in the right wing
doesn't so thank you very much
can you please tell me your email again
be Shapiro first initial last name at
Daily wire comm for those of you to
think I for those you think I cut in
line I did not I'm over 50 and so we did
we don't cut in line and we usually
don't destroy property that's not
something we do we respect other
people's property but listen I'm
surprised nobody sitting in my health
care I'm glad you talked fast and soda
live now here in the United States you
have to have car insurance okay it is
mandated by the government I have a
great plan I paid $200 a month for three
of us or three cars and I have a $500
deductible my insurance is great they
take care of me I also know people that
pay 25 or $50 a month
they got $1,000 deductible okay because
there's so much competition is the
millions of people have to pay the
premiums are very low with this new
health care plan I'm seeing is why they
couldn't do that the problem that I see
is that the government is trying to get
in things they're not so be involved yet
okay
it was never mandated for them to be
involved this month with insurance
President Obama did this Medicare for
those you don't know or for people like
me 65 or older Medicare was member
people that are disabled or poor okay
they put all these healthy people on
this plan what's they need to keep keep
their keep kick their butts off right
now okay and require them pay insurance
now for some reason if I get into an
accident whatever and I have insurance
my insurance cover
company pays so some reason if they
require you to have your insurance they
don't go after and penalize me or go to
my taxes what they do say listen you
shouldn't pay your $50 so now you got a
150 thousand dollar bill that you're
gonna pay for cuz you didn't do what
you're supposed to do so for this new
Medicare plan they got to make this real
simple I can get this done in a week
okay first of all they need the Block
Grant this money to the states and say
what they we're taking here are your
Medicaid a Medicare payments that you
have here for your patients all the
healthy people's getting off
pre-existing conditions stepped toe is
not a pre-existing condition we're going
to determine what that is
this your money you use it is not the
federal government's job to take care of
your opioid addiction okay that's your
job as a state you're not doing that in
the inner cities and I'm sick of these
other cities coming in and all of a
sudden it's drug abuse as a health
problem when for black people it's a
crying okay we're not gonna have that
anymore so this your money this are you
gonna have you do what you will with it
okay from there what we're gonna go on
and so people can get their own things
and take care of it from there your
government's gonna get them in the
citizen program if you're if you would
not read your one pal home page counter
to what can we do as far as getting
information to these senators that seem
to have no backbone that let them know
to get the government out of the health
care what they're doing and to do just
simple things simplify it and they can
have this done in a week so what does
that process look I mean or do I need to
fly to Washington to get it done let me
know that's my question
cuz I couldn't handle my business like
that I need to so the answer is you need
to fly to Washington to get things done
the problem is not a lack of solutions
on healthcare the problem is a lack of
incentives on healthcare for politicians
because again the incentive is always
not to tell people what they need to
hear it's always to tell people what
they want to hear and what people want
to hear is I'm gonna make your health
care free I mean listen president Trump
ran on the promise that he was basically
gonna cover everyone I think we all say
that he ran on the promise of Obamacare
repeal that's true but he also made the
promise who's gonna cover everybody's
health insurance he said everyone will
be covered right and it'll be cheap and
it'll be the easiest thing in the world
you can't have all those things at once
that's not the way it works so you know
I I could give you my whole health care
spiel but I think that the ladies did a
pretty good job of it so I've been first
off I want to thank you for everything
you do you really helped me discover
different polit different politics
outside of just the liberal left forcing
everyone to make think a certain way
this week you were in front of the
Congress discussing discussing people
being canceled on when they want to
speak out of campus do you really think
that legislation is the way to go to
help solve this problem so it's it's oh
okay so before I start I see a lot of
people are leaving because they want to
get in line for chanc I totally
understand it's fine with me okay the
second thing still love you though I
appreciate it
I love that beard okay so so as far as
the as far as the legislation that's
being pushed in you in Wisconsin for
example there has to be some sort of
repercussion for administrators who
refuse to abide by the law we cannot
have a situation where people break the
laws in Berkeley or university Wisconsin
or at Cal State LA and the
administrators do nothing and then
there's no there's no repercussion
there's no ramification there's no
remedy that that is available to people
like me and so what that piece of
legislation in Wisconsin is an attempt
to do is it it ties the administrators
hands it basically says if someone
commits a crime that person will be
punished as any person would be punished
in this circumstance it's sort of like
mandatory minimum sentencing in law so I
don't see a huge problem with that I
would see a huge problem if there
actually restricting protests as opposed
to interference with other people's free
speech sure also that yesterday evaded a
cancer sentence at censorship as you can
all you do I do words good they asked
this question and I think I would love
to hear your response is the
responsibility to stop disruptive
protesters or an tyfa is does that
responsibility live with the school or
with the group who brought them in or
with the police eliza the police but the
schools have very often been asking the
police not to do anything
all right been a material problem thank
you so much hi Ben hey how's it going so
you've spoken a lot about the unearned
moral superiority of the left and it's
increasingly socialist policies in terms
of economics specifically I would like
to hear what is the compassionate
argument for more conservative policies
and economics so the compassionate
argued so two things one is that empathy
is actually bad politics so empathy
makes you a worse person in politics
because you empathize with the person
who's right in front of you but you
forget about the other hundred people
the policy actually impacts there's a
very good book about doubt about this
right now the compassionate answer is if
you want a policy that values both
freedom and efficacy you cannot have
redistribution that violates people's
rights I don't think that the leftist
argument is a moral one I think it's
actually a deeply immoral and non
compassionate one it's good that the
question for compassion is always
compassionate to whom right
compassionate is the person you're
taking money from obviously not it's
compassionate to the person to the
person who to whom you are giving money
but if you're undermining the entire
principle of human sovereignty in the
process that's not compassionate to
anyone including the person who receives
the money that would basically be the
argument thank you thanks
I've been so Reese only started getting
into like paying attention to politics a
lot more about a little over a year or
so ago that's been exciting times man
yeah it's been fun
and so but when I wasn't paying
attention I felt like I was more on the
left like I felt like I identified with
a lot more of what they were saying
because it seemed like it's nice and it
has puppies and yeah rainbows and
unicorns oh when I had those opinions I
felt like it was a lot easier to have
conversations with people even if you
even if they felt you disagreed with
them they thought you were still on
there like sigh you're a nice person
when you're on the left they assume
you're a nice person
okay so feelings will come up so I don't
feel like any of my like beliefs changed
but by paying attention to you and like
other ones like steven crowder or
listening to other people who left the
left like dave rubin it like showed me
that like it's not about what your ideas
are half the time it's just about what
party you say you're with yeah so now
that I'm on the right even though none
of my beliefs have changed at all what
would be a good way to go about trying
to get people to to sit down and listen
to understand that like I'm still the
same person I was last year
I just view things in a different way
than you know so I I think that the
first thing that you have to do is you
have to determine whether the person
that you're actually talking to is
capable of hearing you know I don't
think every conversation is equally
valuable like sometimes you're talking
with somebody that's clear this person
is not gonna listen this person doesn't
care this person wants to see me as bad
because they have a stake an emotional
stake and seeing me as the bad guy don't
bother don't waste your time then
there's a group of people who have been
told that it's okay - it's okay morally
to suggest that you're a bad person
without evidence and it's okay to say to
this person listen you can't impute to
me intents that are bad without any
evidence of that that makes you a bad
person but if I came in here and I just
said you're a bad person I don't even
know you that makes me a jerk
you don't get to do that and I think
that once people see that they're doing
that once you expose that that's what
they're actually doing a good person
will say you know what I was doing that
maybe now we can have a conversation
about whether where we disagree on
policy but you first have to get that
out of the way because you're right this
is the number one argument the left
makes is a character argument right
you're racist sexist bigoted homophobic
hates people you hate the porn you want
to kill them right I've heard that one a
lot at the last year's oh yeah oh yeah I
mean this is this is the it is the
fundamental argument of the left is a
character argument and the rights not
used to it because we're used to making
Paul Ryan
you know insurance adjustor arguments
and the first thing you have to do is
you have to do away with the character
arguments you can actually get to making
me the substantive factual arguments
