it's time for another episode of
president chaos and a Keystone Congress
in our last exciting installment with
health care reform nearly dead Donald
Trump demonstrated he had the skills to
be a good president by cat wrangling the
Keystone Congress into reviving the bill
entered Senator John McCain as you
remember during the 2008 election
Senator McCain suspended his campaign
because of the financial crisis rode off
on his white horse to Washington where
he accomplished absolutely nothing and
thus lost the election to Barack Obama
well it turns out McCain just kind of
enjoys riding the white horse to
Washington for no reason and losing
things because last week he left his
hospital bed rode his white horse to
Washington voted to vote on the health
care bill then voted it down because
that's just how he rolls meanwhile
Donald Trump after proving he can do his
job stop doing his job rushed into a
phone booth and swiftly changed into his
alter ego max chaos instead of
shepherding the health bill through the
Keystone Congress President chaos
instead began publicly insulting one of
his most loyal allies Jeff Sessions by
accusing him of not being one of his
most loyal allies Jeff Sessions he then
surprised the Pentagon by tweeting out a
new rule about boy soldiers who want to
be girl soldiers saying they have to
continue to be voice holders so a little
dab of perfume behind the ears might not
go amiss on those particularly hot and
sweaty days in the Middle East then
still instead of shepherding the health
bill through Congress President chaos
made furious Sean Spicer furious by
giving the top communications job to
anthony scare emoji the only new york
italian nickname which who is too
disorganized for organized crime which
then called the left-wing reporter at
The New Yorker and revealed that Steve
Bannon is attempting to perform oral sex
on himself
proving that at least one member of the
administration is working on something
important a technological advance that
would improve the lives of America's men
by allowing them to have sex without
paying for dinner
finally just as White House chief of
staff Reince Priebus was beginning to
wonder what all these changes meant for
his position his position became out on
the street as president chaos replaced
him with General John Kelly so there are
now so many generals and family members
in the administration the country has
begun to look like Venezuela except
without the Civil War last time I looked
outside meanwhile on the Democrat and
real information became public showing
that President Barack Obama spied
illegally on almost everybody Hillary
Clinton colluded with the Russians to
get dirt on Trump Chuck Shore has given
up on capitalism and debbie Wasserman
Schultz has been up to God knows what
with a Pakistani IT guy that's right
president chaos and the Keystone
Congress are still doing a far better
job than the Democrats so that's good
news I think trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
this is why we can't have nice things
okay for three days the government
explodes everything falls apart and
everybody's out of a job all right we
have we have Michael Knowles is here he
was that politican where I was not
invited I was not invited to politican
but Michael Michael Knowles who wrote a
book with no words in it was invited but
I who know all the best words was
nothing this nothing fightin ha ha all
right so but first we have to talk about
the fact that we are not waiting on line
and the reason we're not waiting on line
is cuz we have stamps.com ah ha ha the
thing is I mean in this world you almost
never have to wait on line anymore
unless you go to the post office post
office does a good job but you get there
it's closed you have to bang on the door
your kick in the door you go in and then
there's a long line and then they shut
the gate and you just as you get to it
if you have stamps calm you can do it
all at home stamps calm brings all the
services of the US Postal Service right
to your fingertips you can buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package any class of mail using your own
computer and printer stamps comics at
all really easy and they'll even send
you a digital scale which automatically
calculates the exact post postage stamps
com will even help you decide the best
class of mail based on your needs
there's no need to lease an expensive
postage meter and did I mention you
don't have to stand on line that's the
big one for me anytime I do not have to
stand on line I am there right now you
can enjoy stamps comm service with a
special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale
without any long-term commitments what
you do is you go to stamps com click on
the microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in clayvin hey you
know I'm so glad you brought that up it
is que la vie AM stamped comm enter
Clavin you'll get a four week trial plus
postage and a digital scale without long
term commitments and you never have to
go to the post office again and wait
online you can instead use stamps so
here's the thing
chaos in the amine unbelievable chaos in
the White House yesterday does last week
right means Trump is yelling its
sessions and he brings in scaramouche
scaramouche he gives this incredible
vial you know language interview to a
left-wing reporter at The New Yorker
saying all this stuff about Steve ban
then Reince Priebus gets fired and
replaced he was Ron's previous giving
his reaction to not working at the Trump
White House anymore and rinky-dinky
reminded that much but but here's the
thing here's the thing you really have
to ask yourself is you know all this
casas of course echo chambered in the
press because the press know they know
all these people right they talk to
Reince Priebus they on the phone to all
these people that people they know it is
chaos it's chaos okay the thing you have
to ask yourself is how does this affect
your life right do you care that Reince
Priebus is out of work I mean it mean
anything to you or your freedoms your
constitutional rights and of course it
doesn't but but the important thing the
important thing is the politics because
he I mean you can defend Trump and I
don't care if he fires Reince Priebus it
you know it does mean that he's cutting
himself off from the Republican Party
but we don't really were not that
thrilled with the Republican Party right
now but in order to get anything done
he's going to need the Republican
Congress and by getting rid of Ryan by
picking on Jeff Sessions remember Jeff
Sessions is former senator and they all
get along as very collegial by doing
this he is making himself a total
outsider okay fine but while he's doing
this they're voting on this health care
bill and you know John McCain and I wish
him good luck with his illness I think
it's you know I'm very sad that he's so
ill but he has really been a lousy
senator for the right I mean he really
has been he I mean if you think about
the mccain-feingold act which we had to
work so hard to gut finally it finally
got gutted in the Supreme Court but that
really was an anti free speech act you
know limiting the way you can spend
money in spend money on campaigns I mean
money is speech in a campaign it's the
same thing you can't just say oh you
have free speech but
only hold a cardboard sign next to the
freeway and that was so that was
McCain's big contribution he blew the
election the 2008 election you know by
by basically deserting Sarah Palin who
made his campaign work Sarah Palin made
his campaign work that's the numbers
show that and he was you know he kind of
ditched her because the press didn't
like her and then he did that thing
where he suspended him he has been just
a net loss for Republic for
conservatives and he was again when he
voted down this health care bill with no
he had no excuse all it was doing really
was sending this bill to a
reconciliation debate with the house so
they could keep talking about it keep it
alive he voted to do that and then voted
it down saying well they might have made
this the law and it was not a good law
but everybody knew it wasn't a good law
that guaranteed him they were going to
change it they knew they had to
reconcile it with the house it was just
like does this stuff you be the
accusation against him is that he's
always playing to the new york times
that he always loves being called the
maverick the outsider and of course
they're slapping him on the back and all
this stuff but at the same time the
chaos that is not what Donald Trump
should have been doing during that vote
he should have been on the floor he
should have been calling these guys he
should have been talking to McCain you
you know during the election I said NASA
the campaign and I said nasty things
about you I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
at you know just making it work that's
his job that is his job and he showed he
could do the job by getting him back on
the floor and then he dropped the ball
if he wanted to fire everybody if he
wants to pick on Jeff Sessions if he
wants to start all this controversy not
the time to do it when your central
legislation of this term is on the floor
it's bad politics so again ignore you
know ignore the the press I mean the
press went nuts right is cast Peggy
Noonan I love Peggy Noonan I think she's
one of the best political observers out
there and I always say she that what I
love about her she writes like a girl
she has a different way of looking at
things than most male columnist and most
female colonists who are pretending to
be male colonist Peggy Noonan has a kind
of much more intuitive much warmer much
gentler way of looking at things that
really does frequently make her more
accurate
but she just lost it on Trump last week
she wrote it did you see this column
Austin knows Oh Mike listen listen to
this listen to this
the president's primary problem as a
leader is not that he's impetuous brash
or naive it's not that he's
inexperienced crude and outsider it's
that he's weak and sniveling and he
undermines himself almost daily by
ignoring traditional norms and forms of
American masculinity he's not strong and
self-controlled not cool and tough not
low-key and determined he's whiny we
beat and self-pitying he throws himself
sobbing on the body politic he's a drama
queen it was once said sarcastically of
George HW Bush that he reminded everyone
of her first husband Trump must remind
people of their first wife actually his
wife Melania stuffer than he is with her
stoicism and grace with him it's all
whimpering accusation and
finger-pointing nobody's nice to me why
don't they appreciate me his public
brutalizing of Attorney General Jeff
Sessions isn't strong its limp
and blubbery how shit look yeah hell
hath no fury goes right down below right
below the belt with a guy and there was
a lot of that going on just a lot of
just absolute impatience on the right
with Donald Trump he finally finally
went too far the scarab Moochie thing
went too far I got to be honest I don't
care if he if he's a chaotic manager I
don't care if he's an efficient manager
I don't care as long as the health care
bill gets passed we start to get rid of
Obamacare not just because not just
because I want to get rid of Obamacare
but because I think that what the left
is doing is they're using Obamacare as a
stepping-stone to government health care
and I think government health care is a
disaster you want to see you want to see
at the left at work I got a I got to
play this guy this is an amazing cut you
have got to listen to low logic but you
got to listen to it closely
comrade Bernie Sanders is on with Jake
Tapper and he's pushing single-payer
health care he says that while the right
is failing to do anything about
Obamacare and they are failing while the
right is failing to do anything about it
the left is preparing a big push on
single-payer health care
and so tapper says well wait a minute if
single-payer is so good why can't
left-wing states like Vermont like your
state Vermont and California which just
kind of failed to push this thing
through when they saw how much it was
going to cost
why haven't they succeeded in having
single-payer health care listen to this
carefully here's tappers question and
listen to Sanders answer it's an amazing
piece of left-wing chicanery let's talk
about single-payer because it was
attempted in your home state of Vermont
and it and it didn't work because they
couldn't get the funding because it
would be too expensive the Democratic
governor said and then recently it was
it failed in California as well
Democrats again not able to come up with
a way to pay for it these are cobalt
blue states Vermont and California where
people wanted single-payer and there
were problems because it would cost too
much how do you make it national if you
can't even get it remind about it no no
no no no let's Jake let's be let's be
careful about this all right a
single-payer health care system in my
view and according to studies that I
have seen would save the average family
significant sums of money and what
Republicans sometimes do is confuse the
issue and they say well you're going to
pay more in taxes what they forget to
tell you is that if you were a family of
four now paying fifteen or twenty
thousand dollars a year in private
health insurance you're not going to be
paying that at all so think about that
if you were watching that was like a
magic trick it was like it had to be
watching it to see what was going on
Jake Tapper says California tried to
pass it but they realized they couldn't
afford it it was going they were right
there they had the boats and everything
and they got back the budget estimate
and it would have bankrupted California
it's three or four times over right it
was just would have driven us into the
sea Vermont same thing they can't afford
it there's no money there and Sanders
answer is oh yes but you'll be paying
less you'll be paying less in other
words he'll federal government can hide
that debt that amazing debt for a little
bit longer than a state government a
state government that's why you want all
your governing to be done at the state
level the federal government can print
the money basically but ultimately that
to become Greece you become like this
ruined debt-ridden country with not no
services nothing going on but that's his
answer this answer it'll be cheaper for
you well you know we'll go bankrupt as a
country but you'll be paying less is
absolute absolutely Canyon and then oh I
have to stop and say goodbye the
Facebook and YouTube the reason I have
to do that is because we give you like
the first 15 minutes of the show free on
video but if you want to watch the whole
show on video you got to do it over at
the daily wire.com which you can do by
subscribing subscribe it's a lousy ten
bucks a month a hundred bucks for a year
and for a year's subscription you get
the leftist tears mug I mean come on
you cannot keep going without your
leftist tears mug come on over to the
daily wire calm you can listen to the
rest of the show even if you don't
subscribe subscribe and you can watch us
two over on knucklehead row we have
David Brooks who is also just completely
it because these guys are knuckle as
they easily get swept away in the
chicane rewrite so we can't afford
health care health care well let's let
David Brooks say we can't afford health
care but that doesn't matter because
health care is here to stay here's
Brooks reacting to the failure of the
Republicans to pass this bill this was a
bigger thing than Donald Trump though
there wasn't only one bill that that
lost it was four bills that lost and it
wasn't only a six months effort it was a
seven year effort and you could say you
could go back to Newt Gingrich think of
all the ways the Republicans have tried
to trim entitlements like Medicaid or
cut government name a signal victory
there's not a victory they haven't been
able to trim one agency cutback one
entitlement they failed every single
time
and that suggests the failure is an
internal failure it's not a failure of
whether Mitch McConnell have the right
strategy or not though that was
lamentable it's a failure of trying to
take things away from people people are
under assault from technology they're
under assault from a breakdown of social
fabric breakdown families they've got
wage stagnation --zz they just don't
want a party to come and say we're going
to take more away from you and so
Republicans have to wrap their minds
around the fact that the American people
basically decided that health care czar
right so the logic there okay is we've
got societal breakdown
we've got wage stagnation we've got jobs
you know disappearing whose fault is
mean who has been in charge for the last
eight years it has been because of a
Bills like Obamacare because of policies
like Obama's because of the left I mean
the societal breakdown is almost all
from the left Republicans have been
holding the society together by means
strength all these years but we can't
possibly take it away from people we
it's everybody's miserable but we don't
want to stop and change you know you
know the old CS Lewis I think said it if
you're going in the wrong direction
progress means turning around and going
back you know I think this is the thing
you've got to get rid of this stuff
health care when you say that health
care is a right you are saying that the
labor of other people belongs to you and
you are saying also that there's some
place you know we saw baby guard died in
England get by government health care
we're also saying that the government is
going to be in control of when you die
when you live how much health care you
should get what level of the health care
it should be we're a free market would
solve so much of this when people bring
up well why is our health care that's
the other thing the Sanders is always
saying why does our medicine cost more
our medicine cost workers we're paying
for all these places that don't pay the
freight here's the thing about the left
that it really is when I was joking in
the opening that is bad as chaotic as
the Republican as Republican governance
has been it's an opening of the Trump
administration is not just Trump's fault
I mean Trump is bringing the krumping
brings the chaos but it is the GOP
Congress that has brought the betrayal
and cowardice and dishonesty and failure
they are the ones who have brought that
stuff and Trump you know a more
masterful president a more experienced
president a more controlled president
might have got them into line maybe
maybe would have gotten them into line
would have got something out of them but
that's not happening but for all that
for all that the Democrats are so bad
they are you know Roger Simon that might
pal Roger Simon / PJ Media has a great
summary of all the scandals that are
being unleashed by on the Democrats I
mean it's just incredible the unmasking
ándale which all and all of the stuff
of being buried in the press it now
turns out I'm reading Roger now turns
out that a record number of unmasking
'he's revealing US citizens identities
during foreign intelligence surveillance
by the Obama administration well over a
hundred took place during and after the
election most of these unmasking seem to
have been illegal and were people
connected to trump and we know we know
that Obama did this because of his IRS
corruption we know that he used the
power of the federal government to
destroy and to mess with our election we
know that the worst it's assault on our
election rights came from Obama in the
White House many of these are masking
unmasking appear to have been instigated
by Samantha power who was the UN
Ambassador and had no business doing
anything and that's another thing this
collusion story remember a couple of
weeks ago the Donald Trump jr. meeting
and what a big deal that was going to be
and oh my gosh we finally got you notice
how that's disappeared partly that was
Donald Trump jr. going in and saying
that nothing happened but partly it was
because one of the guys of this meeting
seems to have been connected with that
fusion GPS thing and the fusion GPS is
it's a an organization that you hire to
get dirt on your opponents it's like a
freelance organization of former
journalists you hire to get dirt on your
opponents and one of some of the dirt
they got was they hired this British X
British spy I think he had some spy name
like Christopher Steele or something
like they actually sounded like a James
Bond character and they and he got all
that stuff on Donald Trump which now
seems to have been wrong the stuff about
the prostitutes
you know urinating on him in Moscow all
this crazy stuff they talk and that
seems to been paid for by a Hillary
campaign or at least someone connected
to the Hillary campaign and now it seems
the fusion GPS was connected to Putin so
so it's like the Putin collusion story
is kind of blowing up on their faces and
then there is this guy in Ron awan well
let's let's get the story from the
mainstream media here's how the
mainstream media is reporting the store
hear me please correct just not covering
they're not covering the story except
the New York Times covers the story
Trump fuels intrigue surrounding a
former IT workers arrest I mean this is
a huge story but we don't know what it
is yet at this guy this in family of IT
workers in Congress right they started
investigating them for billing for
double billing or something like this
they arrested one of them the wife
escaped with cash
the husband was about to escape this guy
in Ron Allen's about to escape they
busted him for bank fraud appiy as he
was trying to get away debbie Wasserman
Schultz has been not only protecting
these people everybody else fired him
these are the guys working in the
computers right and they're working with
national security stuff big stuff I mean
this is not like you know just just the
the regular old files they're working
with actual stuff from that let me see
if I can just find where this guy was he
had everything the guy was looking at
really serious classified stuff
Wasserman Schultz is still paying him
after he's been exposed that the Capitol
Police got ahold of her one of her
computers and she when she was still
accountant when she was a congresswoman
she was yelling she was holding a
meeting on funding the Capitol Police
and she threatens the guy if you don't
give me back your computer my computer
we're going to shut down your funding
here's debbie Wasserman Schultz's a few
months ago remember Lisa's equipment
issues and it is found by the Capitol
police for your staff and it is
identified at that member member's
equipment and the member is not
associated with any case and that is
their equipment it is supposed to be
returned yes or no depends on the
circumstances and the short answer I
don't understand how that's possible
members equipment is members equipment
is not it is not it under my
understanding the Capitol Police is not
able to confiscate members equipment
when the member is not
investigation it is their equipment and
it's supposed to be returned I think
there are stimulating circumstances in
this case and I think I think that you
know working through my counsel and
necessary personnel if that impacts the
case and with the permission of through
the investigation and will return
equipment but until that's accomplished
I can't general quickly I think you're
violating the rule 22 learning conducted
business that way and to expect that
there would be consequences there will
be consequences she's threatening this
guy she this is at a hearing controlling
his funding she is still a congresswoman
she was the former head of the DNC
that's what I was trying to say this guy
had electronic files of members of the
House Intelligence and Foreign Affairs
Committee it's I mean I don't want to go
down the conspiracy route but it sounds
very much as if she were being
blackmailed
as if this guy had something on the DNC
and she was paying him she's still
paying him as their arresting him so all
this stuff and one last would we'll get
to Michael moles and in just a second
but one last scandal is this stuff
that's going on in Venezuela right
Venezuela's on the brink of Civil War
and of course we're barely covering it
but this is the legacy of ego shabby
Ava's now they've got the strongman his
inheritor Maduro is about to form he's
about to stack Congress so he can
basically take away their rights destroy
the Constitution people arriving people
are complaining Mary Anastasia Grady was
like the only person that the wall
street journal' only person in America
is covering this points out that this is
all engineered by the Castro regime in
Cuba and she says that the cat one of
the things they've done is they've taken
over the Venezuelan office that issues
national identity cards and passports
this is the Castro intelligence who
carried out with Lugo Chavez's
permission so they are now Cuba is now
deciding who has a passport in Venezuela
who are they giving it to they're giving
it to Islamic extremists they get
Venezuelan passports so they have false
cover when the crossing the borders and
of course anyone who supports the regime
will be able to go in and
cohdon people who don't support the
regime will not be able to go in voting
I just wanted to remind you that this
was Obama and Hillary Clinton's policy
of engaging with these people that gave
them legitimacy to this absolute horror
of a regime in Cuba that is working
against our interests in Venezuela and
against the interests of freedom in
Venezuela and that too is the Democrats
- all I'm saying is yes it's chaos
Washington it is absolute chaos in
Washington but we better hope they get
it fixed because there is no place else
to go there is no other party to turn to
and if the Democrats were in power right
now things would be a lot lot worse
nulls
you there Here I am fresh from Politico
Phyllis yeah you know I understand that
you were invited to Politico no well
drew the reason I was invited to
Politico is because I'm a best-selling
author who works in the realm of
politics yeah so I don't wait a minute I
mean what the hell you wrote a book with
no words in it but I wrote one book with
no words and you've written all of the
books at all of the best words so
therefore why on earth would you know do
you know do you know how I got an invite
this is a wrist rural storyline for CIA
daily wire subscriber decided to tweet a
politican and say hey as Noel's going
and and he kept tweeting at them and it
was this ongoing campaign was one guy
one guy
and finally they tweeted and said all
right already follow us and we'll send
you a message and they invited me to do
a book signing so I I just I just want
to tell you when this thing started I
there's like two years ago three years
ago as long as yeah about three years
ago one of the organizers called me up
and said would you be interested in
doing this and I said because I'm a team
player you know I believe in the sea I
said to them I swear this is true I said
you know I'd be happy to come but really
we're starting this new thing called The
Daily wire so why don't you invite us
all and me and Shapiro and and Jeremy I
don't think you were there yet annal and
he said great got in touch with Shapiro
invited Shapiro and never elected me you
know it's like because I think I would I
think we were having dinner or cigar or
something and I got the call from
poletik on to see if I wanted to go and
then there was a Michael shaped hole in
the wall I just sort of sprang out
on my way to the Pasadena Convention if
everybody's out for me selfie time how
was it because you may not have heard
this I wasn't invited
I'd like to know what how'd it go it was
good I would say a lot of people were
asking for you and I every time it was
funnier than the next playing that no no
you say I I who has done nothing here
but Andrew Clavin I know he's not going
to be able to make an original is to ask
for me krisily say it was it was right
there were about 10,000 people there now
really big turnout that isn't the
craziest number though I had been told
in the last two years it was 80%
liberals who left you have a different
set it up for liberals I think yeah
people who set it up for liberals is
actually I think the founder of it has
no connection to politics he just did a
lot of rock concerts and realized this
would be a fun event you know it's I
guess it's the only it's modeled after a
comic-con
and it's the only place where you get
both parties to come to a convention it
is the kind of novel idea and you get
Tommy Lauren to debate Chelsea Handler
Ben and shank you giriboy's and so that
the return has video as a big turnout
but it was not 80/20 Democrat Republican
uh there were a lot of maggots of this
place nice when you pulled up there was
a hunk for Trump set up and I thought it
was facetious and they were dead serious
Magga hats galore if I had to estimate I
would say at least half the people were
conservative maybe even more than that
we I ended up doing a panel with a
podcast called conservatively unplugged
there was one heckler I was playing
there even more exercise begging for
more there was only one the rest were
conservatives there and then for Ben's
to be 3,000 people showed up out to
watch Ben debate the Young Turks guys
shank you ger yeah the line wasn't just
out the door or around the courtyard it
was down the street there was a lining
base it was unbearable at or iam there
at Bennigan's shank that's kind of a
battle of wits with an unarmed man well
Bennet is going to probably be hearing
from the International Court for Human
Rights
what
it was what it was unforgivable there is
surely inhumane and monstrous thing is
occurred if I would have I would have
loved to seen it but you know I wasn't
invited but it by the way you said this
was based on comic-con I was invited to
comic-con that maybe had maybe that's a
I'm just a cartoon character oh I will
say what if one guy came up to me in the
debate hall said you're Michael Knowles
I said yeah said you you wrote the fake
book I said yeah he goes I can't believe
you're real I thought you were a figment
of my troll imagination I didn't know
you're a person so speaking of which
your show begins today it does it begins
today Ben who names it god help us if
thank you very much it is we begin today
and I'm so happy the timing worked out
because for our first episode we're
going to start with Saint Al Gore patron
saint of the polar bears I saw that God
forsaken movie the convenient sequel I
saw it on Friday night or Thursday
Thursday Friday night in LA
it was incredible I'm glad I saw it
actually at first I thought it was just
typical Andrew flavin statism that would
bring you out to one of those but I I go
there it's only playing in two theaters
in all of LA on its opening night there
were eight people including me and sweet
little Alyssa in the auditorium the rest
of them had been killed by global
warming sound effect that's so awful how
was the film the movie I'm I I went in
there sort of trying to be fair minded
fair minded knowing it would be total
nonsense but maybe a good movie the
first one was a pretty good piece of
propaganda even though it was riddled
with with lies but this movie was
terrible it was so bad it read like a
bad non-profit fundraiser video they had
no joke at the end it kind of petered
off and they just had hashtags and go to
our website and Facebook page it wasn't
even about global warming I think he's
kind of given up that he knows that
there were so many errors in that first
movie which we'll talk about on the show
today there are errors in this movie
which we'll talk about but he just
became about Al Gore it was just this
pathetic trying to remain relevant and
it didn't work
there was one brief appearance by Justin
Trudeau
which was pretty funny in that century
go away I don't think he's a real person
either by the movie itself I mean
there's a reason it nobody is seeing it
I think the emoji movie probably has a
higher rating on Rotten Tomatoes have
you seen the emoji movie uh you know I
saw it last night because I said I
haven't punished myself again it again
I'm enough this weekend it it is a
once-in-a-generation terrible movie wow
really I really mean it yeah I
previously thought
they're the worst movie I've ever seen
is a movie called song soleil by Chris
Marker which is about absolutely nothing
this movie is about less it is it's
actually the review should just be like
a pile of poop you know that voice by
Sir Patrick yeah the the movie is it's
not fun bad but it is interesting bad I
think it's almost worth seeing for this
reason it has no plot it has no ideas
it's vaguely leftist but not even
powerfully leftist and the reason is
it's a movie about something that isn't
language it's about that we're like
weaning ourselves off language we're
using a stupid smiley face well you you
almost convinced me to see it but the
not give me the impossible harder
alright so your show begins today but
when does it go on like five minutes
I gotta get anything right get out of
here no good luck break a leg
thank you very much a quick talk you oh
boy that's a you know but sounded like
the lytic on was fun but I wouldn't know
you know why I wasn't invited I can't I
can't send it all right so I have to go
back and talk about Patrick coffin or as
I called him father Patrick off and I
ordained him a priest accidentally he
was the Catholic answer man who was on
our show on Thursday I thought he was
great really interesting I disagree with
him a lot as I made clear on the show
but I got a lot of reaction to this a
lot of people were really happy that he
was on and they were really happy that
he got to say what he said but I got a
bunch of people emailing me and tweeting
me saying oh you should never I should
have let him on you know you should have
challenged her we should have gotten on
his face and my whole point about
bringing people on is letting them speak
you know I mean obviously obviously
saying something even somebody said
these are dangerous ideas I love
that idea what is a dangerous idea it
dangerous your what is dangerous I
nobody thinks an idea is dangerous to
them they think it's dangerous to other
people because they think there's too
smart to be hurt by an idea but other
people are stupid all those other people
are stupid the only dangerous idea is
the idea that other ideas should be shut
down the only the only dangerous thought
is what Chesterton I thing called the
thought that stops thought so what what
Kaufman was saying was he believed like
a good Catholic a devout Catholic that
sex has a purpose the purpose is to
create children you shouldn't use birth
control you should have a loving
marriage in which you have in which
every act of sex has the possibility of
life and this is based on a wrist
Italian natural law the idea is that
everything has a purpose human beings
have a purpose the eye has a purpose to
see and all this and you use things for
their purpose and the purpose of the
human being is to become United with God
all these things are interesting and I
actually believe in natural law this is
the reason this is the reason I get
along with Catholics but also disagree
with Catholics I believe in natural life
leaving the premises but I don't believe
in their conclusions and the reason I
don't believe in their conclusions is
they are suspiciously convenient ok
you say that every active sex should
have the possibility of life and you say
well what if 2 60 year old people get
married or two people are married and
the wife stops being able to have
children and they go on having a
wonderful sex life well that's ok
because you're not trying to stop the
baby and you say ok well you're not
trying to stop the baby if your two guys
or y'all but that's no good that is no
good you know and then you say well ok
well what if you're a married couple but
you like kind of sex that doesn't you
know leave the possibility of no that's
no good you just think like well wait a
minute you know it just always comes out
to be the way you want it to be you know
there's things that you approve of and
things that you disapprove of and I'm
not talking about religion at all here
ok I like when it comes to religion I
believe that you should be praying to
God about everything about your life
including your sex life and he will
inform you and reading your Bible and
you will be informed about what you
should be doing what you shouldn't be
doing that's not the point the point is
basically your life and the thing about
sex is that sex is a really difficult
subject obviously well let's start with
this let's start with this something is
terribly wrong with our attitude towards
sex and I'll let me let me read you
something from a British paper write
killing babies no different from
abortion experts say parents should be
allowed to have their newborn babies
killed because they are morally
irrelevant and ending their lives is no
different to abortion a group of medical
ethicists linked to Oxford University
has argued their article entitled after
birth abortion why should the baby live
argued the moral status of an infant is
equivalent to that of a fetus in the
sense they both lack those properties
that justify the attribution of a right
to life to an individual these are guys
who associated with Oxford University a
great great university something is
terribly wrong alright something is
terribly wrong when we have people
arguing like this it makes you think
that the only problem with Adolf Hitler
is he was ahead of his time you know the
left always whenever whenever you
disagree with the left they call you
Hitler it seems like their only problem
was not that Hitler was bad it was just
he soon Adolf I mean that is a hit Larry
envisioned that this guy that these
people are selling so something is
terribly terribly wrong in our
relationship to our bodies and in our
relationship to ourselves I think it's
very natural for the church to say oh
you've left us behind and you have to
come back to us and I think that there's
the guy has a right to make that
argument I'm not quite so sure I believe
that the only way forward is through the
only way out is through but the problem
there's a short story by Ursula K
laguage
and it was on stuff I liked so well
maybe we'll make it stuff I like again
it's called the ones who walk away from
Emmaus the ones who and I'm going to
tell you the story because it's not
really a story it's really a
philosophical musing so there's not
spoilers in it but Emmaus is a beautiful
community and a country that works great
everything goes well everything is
beautiful its peaceful its prosperous
everything is fine and as long as you're
a child in all MELAS you don't know
anything else about it except everything
is just absolutely great but when you
reach majority they take you down into a
cellar and you find that there is one
child who in order to get all the evil
out of society
has to be tortured and abused and this
one child is constantly tortured and
abused and that's what keeps Emmaus
running okay
and the ones who walk away from a malice
don't we don't even know where they're
going and as the author said she says
the place that agree may not even exist
but they can't bear the fact that this
injustice on this one child has to be
maintained in order to keep on malice
working as well as it does sucks
is a little bit like that okay because
you'll notice that great societies at
their peak tend to be sexually
conservative if you look at the
Victorian era one of the greatest years
ever in the history of any nation the
British Victorian era of course we know
the Victoria the Victorian era is almost
a byword for being sexually conservative
if you look at the 50s in America when
America really did rise from a great
power to the greatest power that was a
very sexually conservative time if you
look at the Augustan age which is
universally regarded as a time even
though augustus disassembled the
machinery of the republic the Roman
Republican Institute is an empire the
Roman Republic was essentially dead so
Augustus was doing the only thing that
could be done and there was then it
really a golden age even a freedom even
though there wasn't political freedom
there were other kinds of freedom but
Augustus was very sexually conservative
and it tends to work well for society to
be sexually conservative of everybody's
getting married if everybody's taking
care of his own kids if nobody's
throwing their children onto the state
as a burden that this society tends to
work better but but down in the cellar
other people who don't fit in right
these are the pieces like the child and
Oh medalists they're people who don't
fit in are down in the cellar being
forced into life supply it's of
hypocrisy being forced into lives of
being an outsider of being excluded of
being of being rejected by the society
in which they live the gay people the
weird transgender people the oddballs
the sexual eyebolts they are the ones
who are down in the cellar the left the
left are usually the ones who walk away
from a malice the left of usually ones
who say yes the societies prosperous is
free it's safe is great but wait wait
the poor is imperson here is being
tormented let's
or the society in order to you know you
save this one person the right are
usually the people who say no everybody
has to get in life to make the society
work and if somebody has to be down in
the cellar that's the way it's got to be
I actually do believe that there is a
third way and I do believe that while I
believe in natural law I do believe that
creation God's creation is so various so
full of variety that there are people
who don't don't fit into the categories
that natural law provides to the human
mind I mean I know that sex is best done
in marriage I know that married people
have the best sex I know that you know
remembering what sex is about that it's
about creation and about love is the way
to run your sex life in a way that will
make you happy I understand that I also
understand there are people who are
different troubled maybe just created in
a different way and this is not a
religious point I'm not talking about
what God thinks of them I'm not talking
about what God thinks they should do I'm
talking about you and me as tolerant
loving forgiving people living that life
that God told us to to live in which we
pay attention to our own sins and not
the sins of others I think there's got
to be a new relationship to natural law
in which we take the individual into
account and the tension between our
differences with natural law there are
difference with the kind of ideal idea
of a human being that tension somehow
creates a path to God which is really
what I think does happen when people are
left alone with love I do think that in
a society you're going to have to
elevate the norm you're going to have to
elevate people who are married and have
children and all that stuff and you're
gonna have to respect them at a
different level possibly but it doesn't
mean you have to torment and torture the
rest of people and it doesn't mean that
everybody can live according to the same
prescription and that's where I disagree
with Patrick Hoffman but I certainly
think that he should be able to make his
argument and come on without being
shouted down I'm going to bring it back
because I thought he was terrific and I
thought he has a lot to say about other
things as well
I think you know I think we're coming to
the end of the show I think instead of
rushing through anything else I'm going
to leave stuff I like to be the ones who
walk away from emmaus even though I've
done
before Ursula K LeGrande and you can get
it for free I think you can get it
online and if you can't Kevin why is
terrible to do because I am an author I
love those royalties but if you download
a sample of her short stories in the
book of her short stories I think it's
like the first story so you get it for
free yeah that's a load the rest of book
she's a wonderful writer so it's worth
reading all right tomorrow we have a
guest we have Roger Kimball finally
finally we have Roger Kimball going to
talk about the culture to talk about why
as one of the brightest men in America
he nonetheless is a big supporter of
Donald Trump's so that's going to be a
really interesting conversation be there
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show and we'll see you then
