hip-hip-hooray & zippity-doo-dah it's
time for our monthly visit to our
favorite website everyday feminism a
monthly visit that feels exactly like
visiting a woman who has PMS if the
woman happens to be incredibly stupid
and complains all the time about stuff
that doesn't matter this month on
everyday feminism we find a moving
personal tale by one Kendra Lee entitled
my partner came out as a man and I
struggled with losing my lesbian
identity in other words this is a story
about a lesbian who thought she was in a
relationship with a woman until the
woman decided she identified as a man
which meant the lesbian was no longer a
lesbian but just a normal heterosexual
living with a confused person now some
of you might laugh when you hear a story
like this and slap your knee repeatedly
while you choke on your own hilarity and
roll helplessly across the floor
occasionally pounding the carpet with
your fists as tears of mirth streamed
down your cheeks but that would be wrong
what sort of cruel heartless human being
would turn a serious story like this
into a joke we're about to find out
Kendra Lee writes that she bumped into
her girlfriend slash now boyfriend Amy
quote in a lesbian bar surrounded by
women doing jello shots late on a Sunday
afternoon unquote this is a very strange
coincidence because it happens I had a
dream about a lesbian bar where the
lesbians were doing jello shots on a
Sunday afternoon though in my dream all
the lesbians were naked and secretly
hoping a straight man would walk in so
I'm guessing it was probably a different
lesbian bar anyway Kendra and Amy fell
in love moved in together till the
marriage ceremony and had a child but
then the Shocker came when Amy and now
she identified as a man named Simon so
actually this is a little bit more like
my dream after all
Kendra now found herself in the painful
position of having to decide whether she
was a lesbian who lived with a woman or
a straight woman who lived with a man or
a lesbian who lived with a woman who
thought she was a man or possibly a
woman visiting a man who kept the step
body of a woman in the cellar of his
roadside motel so that the woman needed
to get out of there fast before
something apps
solutely terrible happened I'm sure
you'll be glad to know that Kendra and
Simon formerly Amy decided to stay
together and now Kendra identifies as a
lesbian who went to bed with a woman but
woke up with a man but is still a
lesbian because otherwise she'd be a
straight woman and would want to live
with an actual man and then what would
she do with the stuff body in the cellar
all of which only goes to show that
sometimes even in the whiny dissatisfied
world of everyday feminism stories have
a happy ending though not as happy as my
dream about the lesbian bar trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show there's a we also sing
division it's a wonder alright we are
back from Texas and you know it's kind
of a breakdown because we were just in
Glen Glen Beck was so nice to let us use
his studios at the blaze and incredible
facility the Glen has in Dallas and
always you know Glen has got some of the
happiest people working for him and some
of them have been working for him
forever he's one of those guys that when
you work for him you love it and you
don't want to leave and so people just
work for him forever
it's got these beautiful facilities come
back our studios which are under
construction are not quite finished so
we've got it they've got us in this back
room you can see where you've had
Cynthia put up the wonderful Andrew
Klavan scope will go behind me I've got
this little guy on my shoulder like he
looks like he's about to bite my head a
little drawing chalk me sitting there
about to buy my I feel like Donald Duck
remember Donald buck would have the the
angel and the devil Donald on his
shoulder I feel like I've got him
whispering in my ear it's a little bit
strange anyway it was a great great trip
it was terrific we're traveling with the
whole you know upper management of the
daily wire and Ben and Jeremy boring the
god-king of the daily wire and as I say
we don't call in that
cuz he has any relation to God we simply
call him the god king of the daily wire
because he sent out a memo saying you
know you now have to call me the god
king of the daily wire I don't know what
that's about maybe you should get get
out and happen anyway it was great and
in this place in all seriousness this
place the daily wah I have had I have
had the weirdest work history of great
places to work not only great places to
work but places where the people I
worked with were immense talents who all
of whom went on to better things I
worked in a small town newspaper where
all the reporters went on to be big-time
reporters one of them one of the top
reporters at the New York Times which at
that time was a newspaper and you know I
worked at where else I worked at wor
radio which was one of the most
prestigious news organizations in New
York at the time all those people in
this network television and everything l
of appeal and they were great people
it's not just that they were talented
then I was at PJTV when Steve Crowder
and Bill Whittle and so raychel were
there as just enormous talents all of
whom have gone on to have their own
careers everything and now to be here
you know with Ben Shapiro and even even
I'll give a little credit to Michael
Noel's talented talented people but all
really nice people including everybody
maybe
Austin I guys running the show now he's
a little bit dice no no they're all like
incredibly nice people and it really is
a gift and I have to say I think of all
the places I've worked for this is the
place I really like the best and it's
just a well-run happy shop and and
that's because of the people who are
here except obviously for me a bitter
angry you know nasty acidic person but
but I'm a little happier than I would be
if I had to wait on line at the post
office and that's because I don't have
to do that because of stamps.com
I do I hate waiting on line I also hate
waiting in line I hate wearing inline
skates I hate being on line in line or
wearing in lines on line I hate the
whole thing any time I have to stop my
day and get in my car and drive to the
post office and stand on line and just
hope the place is open all of that pain
in the neck don't do it go to stamps
calm you get everything everything that
a post office could give you except for
the line right on your computer you can
buy and print official you
posted for any letter and he package any
class of mail using your own computer
and printer it is very cool put the
envelope in your printer comes out with
a stamp on it stamp set comics it's so
easy to even send you a digital scale so
you can automatically calculate the
exact postage you will need and it
stamps comm will even help you decide
the best class of mail based on your
needs there's no need to lease an
expensive postage meter which but those
things are so heavy and when they fall
on your foot it's a disaster so you
don't have to do that right now you too
can enjoy the stamps comm service with a
special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale
without long term commitments go to
stamps com click on the microphone at
the top of the homepage and type in
clayvin que la visa and victor a n go to
stamps comm and enter clayvin and you
will never have to go to the post office
again one of the true pleasures of this
of this trip was driving we would we
started out in a town called Slayton
then we drove from Slayton to Dallas
than we drove I'm sorry Slayton to Cisco
where our founders and supporters are
great people who are the backers of the
daily wire and some of the visionaries
behind the daily wire which was just
terrific really wonderful visit there
and then we get in the car and we drive
to Dallas so it's mission it's me Ben
and Jeremy in the car with poor Jonathan
hey who was like I have to say I felt
bad for the guy because all we do is we
argue about Donald Trump it's just
constant all we do
when I say argue it's not it's not an
angry argument it's a friendly argument
and the weirdest thing the weirdest
thing about me
me and Shapiro arguing is that we almost
always see exactly the same thing we're
almost always talking about the same
facts it's never like you know he'll say
well this is happening I'll say no
that's not happening it really it's
almost all attitudinal I think that Ben
I think that Ben is more idealistic than
I am and he sees what could be and he
thinks like ah that's not good you know
it's where we're belief where we should
be and I see what could be in the bad
way and I think but we're above that and
so we're actually just arguing about our
our attitudes but but you know it is it
is interesting that Ben does
about good Trump bedroom and I was on
dennis prager show the other day sort of
promoting my prague review video about
the media what his fake news which you
can see on on preggers you and and
dennis was saying to me dennis is it has
been a big trump supporter he basically
got online and a lot of people have
attacked dennis saying oh you know how
can you be your the demand about values
and you know your abandon your your
values a lot of it there's a lot of this
stuff going on the right where people
arguing over trump and dennis said you
know every human being is a package and
you take the good with the bat and some
of the good stuff we're getting with
Trump and a lot of good stuff you know
core search and the rollback of Obama's
incredible regulatory overreach the
stuff in the foreign policy stuff we're
getting now which has really been
terrific the complete wiping out of Isis
the annihilation to use I think it was
mattis's word Isis are you know all this
good stuff is coming down the pike that
Congress has not stepped up yet and
really given us some big legislation
that we can bang our chest about but a
lot of good stuff and then you know
every now and again Trump does something
that is kind of you know makes you shot
in the question that I wanted to ask is
like is this is this necessary is there
some way is a really good Trump bad
Trump or is just just all Trump I mean
is the good stuff and the stuff that
makes us uncomfortable is it all just
part of the same package and somehow
necessary so so Trump is over yesterday
he gave I just thought a terrific
terrific speech in Warsaw in Poland just
reaffirming Western values and we're
going to talk about it a little more
today because some of the reaction from
the left was insane but I think that you
know he's now he's meeting with Putin so
this is the big thing he's in the g20
conference which is 19 countries and the
EU that's why they called the g20 and
it's kind of basically economic leaders
of the world but people are rioting I
have no idea why they're rioting I don't
know what they're protesting they're
basically it's the left going out there
and just starting fights with the police
and some of them but a lot of people
there to March and all this stuff and
some people it's always a small number
of troublemakers who start the fights
and then it looks like a big ride on TV
and you know their protest is called
welcome to hell so you know they're not
there with a good video with good
this is but you know yeah I don't even
know what they're protesting are they
protesting that we're too rich to free
you know the to peaceful what is it you
know like we want we want to destroy the
g20 because it's made the world too
wealthy I mean there's some kind of idea
that if we're wealthy somebody else must
be suffering and I just think that that
is like absolute you know absolute
nonsense obviously but the big thing is
that Donald Trump is going to meet with
Putin he had a meeting they had well
just take a little clip it's not it's
not really anything this is the stuff
they do for the cameras before they go
back behind the the curtain and start
actually doing the armwrestling stuff
okay very well we have some very very
beautiful we have to talk now and
obviously that will continue but we will
call it through a lot of very positive
things happening for Russian for the
United States and for everybody
presented the monarchy with me on I'm
delighted to be able to meet you
facilities the questions about hope as
our leading will yield some results
and if you're if you're not watching it
and you're just listening those are the
cameras million cameras going off and of
course the press goes nuts every time
they shake hands what did that handshake
mean and with somebody snubbed and you
know all the stuff is going on live and
in person so of course none of it means
anything you shake hands with a guy
you're there to meet and so nobody say
nobody's can say anything I I get a
little worried when Trump Trump is
meeting guts like Putin because Putin is
a genuine murdering dirtbag is a bad bad
fascist guy who has been running rampant
because nobody has had the guts to stop
and he's one of those guys he's not he's
not a Hitler but he like Hitler he can
feel the weaknesses of his opponents he
knows how far they'll go he looks at
them and he can assess them and think
well this guy is not going to fight back
and that's what he looked at Obama and
thought think I can take the Ukraine I
can take Crimea maybe I can even move
into back into Eastern Europe you never
know and it's funny because but but I do
worry when Trump goes to meet him
because Putin actually murders
journalists you know and I don't want
Trump to suddenly get any ideas but no
he's not to tell a friend's to
journalists but I want to make sure
we're all talking about the same rules
we don't want people sticking cutonium
into Chris Cuomo and not know other
poisons either I want to make sure we're
getting is very straight you know this
good old-fashioned American bashing the
press the press deserves it
they have been come to become
intellectually corrupt incredibly biased
but no injecting plutonium into Chris
Roma I think we have to know throwing
reporters out of windows I sometimes
feel I should send a little card to our
friend John Nolte you know who's a real
crusader against the press I just feel
like you should put a little card no
throwing Chris Quinn de Cuomo out there
with no defenestrated
Chris Cuomo so I want to make sure we're
all playing by the same rules is one
thing good American stuff criticizing no
killing reporters we clean under I don't
want I don't want Trump listening to
Putin going so hot to toning them and
you inject I get that no we don't want
that but but what what we do want is we
do want Putin to look at this guy and
think I don't know what he's going to do
I don't know who he is
he's he's a wild man I'm not going to
make any moves we want him we want Putin
nervous and of course the press well you
know Rex Tillerson the Secretary of
State he's on the plane he
a very same interview just saying well
you know we're trying to improve
relations this is diplomacy here's
Tillerson I think the important aspect
of this is that this is where we've
begun an effort to begin to rebuild
confidence between ourselves and Russia
at the military-to-military level but
also the diplomatic level I think it is
an effort that serves both of our
interests as well as the broader
interests of the international community
we hope this is going to be the
beginning of other important areas that
need to be addressed in order to
strengthen our relationship but at the
very beginning and I would say at this
point it's difficult to say exactly what
the Russians or Russia's intentions are
in this relationship and I think that's
the most important part of this meeting
is to have a good exchange between
President Trump the President Putin over
what they both see is the nature of this
relationship between our two countries
so of course the press we're going to
talk about the press reaction to this
and the less reaction to this which is
hilarious but first we should talk about
nature box.com because if you are like
me let's not eat very well I could take
care of myself I try to take care of
myself but when it gets late at night
you know I don't sleep much and I'm
still awake when everybody else has gone
to bed and that's the time that is the
time when I might like pour myself a
drink and just reach into the cabinet
and get whatever is there and usually it
ain't good right that's the stuff that
you start grabbing you know just
anything that you want to eat just
something you want to snack on
but with naturebox say they have very
tasty incredibly tasty snacks that are
tailored for help and tailored for
calories you know how many calories are
in each one and I think that that you
know that is going to be make a big
difference when you're up late at night
let me see if I have a list of some of
the stuff that they can give you it's
just really different and if you go on
their website you can see the pictures
of it it's just like just that alone
will sell you will sell the product I
don't have to sell it to you let me just
read some of this vanilla bean wafers
whole wheat chocolate cookie bites
blueberry nom noms here's the
one that will kill you creme brulee
peanuts creme brulee peanuts I mean that
you know that sounds awfully awfully
good and it is awfully good but they're
kind of putting this little portion so
you know how many calories you're
getting and it's just healthier they
taste great and they're better for you
created with high quality ingredients
that are free from artificial colors
flavors or sweeteners so you can feel
great about snacking naturebox recently
made their service even better so now
you can order as much as you want as
often as you want with no minimum
purchase required and you can cancel
anytime it's simple go to naturebox calm
and check out their snack catalogue I'm
telling you once you see the pictures it
will sell they will sell themselves
there are over 100 snacks to choose from
and they're constantly adding delicious
new snacks and you can choose the snacks
you want they deliver them right to your
door so when you're sitting up at night
and you reach into the cabinet and you
grab the first thing it'll be healthy
good for you and really really taste it
with naturebox you'll never get bored
new snacks all the time inspired by real
customer feedback and if you ever try a
snack you don't like naturebox will
replace it for free right now you'll
save even more nature boxes offering our
fans 50% off your first order
when you go to nature box calm
a these and Victor a n for 50% off your
first order nature box calm and try it
you know I'm telling once you try it you
will be a happy camper
I have to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube but come on over to the daily
wire.com
and subscribe because this is it it's
coming coming to the point on July 10th
when we're going to raise our rates
right now it's still just a lousy 8
bucks a month after this you have to pay
by the word and it's been Shapiro's word
so it's going to cost you a fortune come
on over to the daily wire com
yeah
