Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has
now introduced a new Democrat program
called a better deal we being hysterical
peers Schumer delivered a speech to the
group of soggy stuffed animals
he keeps hidden in his bedroom closet
saying quote we have called our new
program a better deal in the hope the
word deal would make people think of
Donald Trump so they might like us for
being him instead of hating us for being
who we really are
unquote the sobbing Schumer went on to
say quote when you lose an election like
the one we lost in 2016
you can't blame James Comey or the
Russians or anyone else you have to look
in the mirror unflinchingly and blame
Hillary Clinton who you can see behind
you in the mirror trying to sneak away
before anyone blames our unquote in a
position paper that the segments of the
Democrat Party that is called the
Democrat Party released to the segments
of the Democrat Party that is called the
news media the democrat party democrat
party told the news media democrat party
how it would now attempt to appeal to
working-class americans who voted for
Donald Trump rather than to the Democrat
base which is six guys who wear dresses
and an 80 year old homeless man who
agreed to vote 17 times in return for a
bottle of Jim Beam the position paper
outlined a program whereby the Democrats
would raise the minimum wage so
businesses would hire fewer people than
raise taxes on the businesses so that
there would be fewer businesses then use
the taxes from the businesses that are
no longer there to give welfare to the
people who aren't working because
Democrats raise the minimum wage and
there are no more businesses falling to
his knees and pounding his chest as he
wept Schumer told his dripping security
blanket quote capitalism isn't working
sure it's made much of the world richer
than it's ever been but it isn't working
because it doesn't let us steal
middle-class people's money in order to
buy votes from the poor with useless
programs that foster dependency
illegitimate and crime we need to have
more government involvement in the
economy so we can drive those cool 50s
cars they have in Cuban Venezuela and
stage fun activities like food riots and
show trials unquote noting the success
of Donald Trump's make America great
again campaign Schumer said the Denver
rats would try to catch some of that
magic by wearing orange wigs and
pretending to love the country we want
to make a better deal with working-class
Americans Schumer said the deal is will
pretend not to hate you and you'll vote
for us and then we'll hate you again
President Trump responded to the
Democrats new plan by humiliating all
his friends firing all his political
allies and hiring the guy from the hot
dog stand outside of Trump Tower to run
the new Department of relish so on the
Republican side everything's pretty much
the same as usual
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
