as many of you have noticed our country
is deeply divided for those of you who
haven't noticed our country is deeply
divided half the people seem to be
clinging to old fashioned values like
faith patriotism and decency and the
other half vote for the Democrats but we
here at the Andrew Clavin show believe
that through education and understanding
we can begin to build bridges between us
conservatives and the evil knuckleheads
on the left so today we'd like to
examine a key principle of what we
laughingly call leftist thought namely
relativism relativism is the idea that
there is no absolute truth knowledge or
morality but that each culture forms its
own sense of what's true or false or
right or wrong relativists claim that
there are cultures where our most deeply
held morals and values do not apply
places where infidelity is acceptable
places where cowardice is admired places
where murder is just an ordinary event
that one must get used to places like
France in other words according to these
leftist the virtue of relativism is that
it makes you less judgmental about other
cultures let's say for example you're a
woman traveling in Saudi Arabia and you
find yourself being flogged to death for
exposing your bare ankle rather than
taking a haughty tone that privileges
your Western values you might instead
observe that when one is in Saudi Arabia
one must learn to behave like a
retrograde Savage without the moral
sense God gave a coyote or you might
prefer to stay in America with your
relatives and it's the term relativism
the important point is that if you don't
believe anything is good or bad you
won't be prejudiced which is bad in your
culture in other cultures prejudice is
good which is bad in your culture and so
on relativism derives from the belief
that there is no God and therefore there
can be no absolute moral values many
philosophers have expressed this belief
for instance me che said God is dead so
when an eagle feeds on the lamb it is
neither good nor evil God responded a
few years later by saying
now Nietzsche is dead so ahahahaha but
of course the belief in God has also
been destroyed by science which has
shown that the universe is without
reason
and without cause science accomplished
this by using reason to discover the
causes of things which would only be
possible in a universe that had reason
and cause and therefore had been created
by God scientists haven't quite made
sense of this yet but it doesn't matter
because everything is relative now there
could be some drawbacks to relativism
for instance if one culture believes in
tolerance and another culture believes
in slaughtering everyone who believes in
tolerance it could lead to occasional
friction but it's safe to say the
situation won't continue very long and
soon there'll only be one of these
cultures left so hooray for relativism
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we also sing gotta go over
the division
hooray hoorah that was my favorite
opening ever I think it's a mailbag day
tomorrow and you know that what that
means just you know what that means
it means you are one day away from
having all your personal problems solved
look in the mirror that miserable human
being that you're looking at will be
gone tomorrow if you get your question
into the mailbag today and if I answer
it my answers are guaranteed 100%
correct and will change your life
on occasion for the better but in order
to get in the mailbag you have to
subscribe to the daily wire.com for a
lousy 10 bucks a month that's what it
costs to have all your problems solved
that you subscribe for the year Laozi
hundred bucks a month and you get the
leftist tears mug which alone will solve
most of your problems there will only be
a few ancillary problems left over that
I will solve in mailbag when you ask we
have a guest today we have Connie Lucas
of independent woman's voice and I'm
going to ask her the question that I
think is on every Conservatives mind are
women just no good at being free is this
like a woman's you know that if women
couldn't vote this is true I'm saying
this suggests because you know so you
don't get the dark Machiko but if women
hadn't been allowed to vote there would
not have been a Democrat elected I think
in the last like ever is Vivek proof of
something it's almost the end of July
I've noticed this month really when
singing by because we had all these
problems and troubles with the set and
everything is just everything goes
singing but but that means that it's
almost natural underwear month so soon
you'll be singing underwear carols
underneath the underwear tree and my
only one who does that give it to
celebrate naturally is I'm not making
this up it actually is national
underwear month and to celebrate
national underwear month me undies is
making it easier than ever to try the
world's most comfortable underwear by
giving you a risk free guarantee all
through national underwear month if you
don't love your me undies they're free I
got to tell you these things are
seemingly comfortable I mean they're
really they're weird I mean it's is this
material it's called it's called lensing
micro Maddow and it actually is softer
than cotton it really is it's not not
kidding
it is sustainably sourced naturally soft
fabric three times they say softer then
fabric is taken from Austrian beech
trees okay this is I swear I'm not
making us a micro model is taken from
Austrian beech trees it's three times
softer than cotton and it naturally
inhibits odor this is why Austrians can
sneak up on you so well because you
can't smell any coming because their
underwear is so fresh it really they
really do field it and if you go on the
website it's lots of fun I'm kind of
old-fashioned and conservative so I keep
hitting the classic button and they'll
send you stuff there's black and white
and grey but if you hit the I can't
remember what it is like radical button
then they have all these incredible
designs they have new designs every
month so they're always changing around
and you can do this and these things are
built especially there's obviously some
for men's some for women though you can
get matching colors not matching
underwear but they're built especially
to make you feel comfortable so all
national underwear month long you can
feel for yourself that with it is
risk-free if you don't love your me on
these they're free until August 31st
also you can get 20% off your first pair
plus free shipping at me undies dot-com
slash Clavin Oh John you know I never
would have thought to say que la be a n
me undies dot-com slash Clavin me undies
dot-com slash Clavin 20 percent off your
first pair it really is worth trying I
mean it's just it is a genuinely
different experience with much softer
material so to move from that to move
from the sublime to the unfortunate we
have to talk just a little bit about
something because it actually plays into
the news of the day which is this
Charlie guard story the parents of
Charlie guard you remember this baby who
was terribly ill basically the parents
said look we think we should take this
child this baby our baby to America
where they have an Express
mental procedure that'll cure this
horrible disease the kid has eating away
the courts said no held this up so long
that when the American doctor was
finally allowed by the court to examine
the baby he said look it's it's too late
this procedure will no longer work
because the courts held this decision up
so long so here it's a heartbreaking
comput is worth watching let's listen to
Chris card the baby's father making the
announcement that basically they've
given up and why it give up there is one
simple reason why treatment kind of now
go ahead and that is time a whole lot of
time been wasted we are now in July and
our poor boy has been left to this lying
hospital for months without any
treatment most lengthy court battles
have been fought tragically having her
charlie medical notes abused by
independent expert we now know had
Charlie been given the treatment sooner
he would have had the potential to be a
normal healthy little boy despite his
position in January dollies muscles were
in pretty good shape
far from showing irreversible
catastrophic structural brain damage
dr. Hirano and other expert say his
brain scans and he VG's were those of a
relatively normal child of his age
we knew that ourselves as hazardous
parents we knew our fun which is why we
continue to fight through Charlie's been
left with his illness to deteriorate
devastatingly for the fourth blow with
her so I mean obviously this is this is
England right they're not they have the
National Health they're so proud of the
national health rich people of course
fly out to America to get health care I
was there I never was that never used
the National help when I whenever I
needed something serious I went and got
private health care I don't know if you
remember I was talking a while back just
a few days ago about I think it was in
Toronto where they needed to build some
stairs because people kept slipping in
this Park and the government put in a
bid that got a bid for $65,000 stairs
and a guy went out with some homeless
people and built it for five hundred and
fifty dollars and the government instead
of saying oh we're ashamed of being the
government and trying to charge get away
with charging between 65 and 150
thousand dollars as I recall they
instead attack the guy who built the
stairs now this father whose baby is
going to die comes out and says you know
you wait it may have been a slim chance
this was our decision we're the parents
we love this baby we know this baby this
is our decision to make you held us up
until essentially you eliminated this
chance the High Court was the high court
of justice family division instead of
saying hmm you know maybe we should
reconsider having killed this baby maybe
you know not at all the judge then
issues a decision and he says I think
it's my duty to comment briefly on the
absurd notion that has appeared in
recent days that Charlie has been a
prisoner of the National Health Service
whether the National Health Service is
the power to decide Charlie's faith this
is the antithesis of the truth in this
country children have rights independent
of their parents this is a baby we're
talking about right that when you say a
baby has rights independent of the
parents other than the right to life the
right not to be tortured or something
like that you're essentially saying that
that the government has the right to
make decisions for the baby because the
baby is not going to be making decisions
for himself this is almost all of the
time the decision goes on parents make
decisions about what is in the best
interest of their children and so it
should be just occasionally however
there will be circumstances such as here
where a hospital and parents are unable
to decide and and it's in the best
interest of the parents that we take it
to the court well good job good job
jackass I mean people were actually
writing me about this because I
complained about it before they were
writing me from England and say no no no
you don't understand in England you see
when you put your child on the hospital
he becomes essentially the charge of the
doctor and the doctor has to decide my
answer to that is remember back in 1776
when we were shooting at you this is why
you know this is why we don't want the
decisions made from the top down we want
this in made by the people who love us
by the closest person to us we want
decisions made by family if not the
family of the town if not the town the
city not the city the state only when it
has to be made by the federal government
do we want it may from some central
government this was a decision and I
look it's this is not even a question we
don't even get to the question of the
right to life or anything like that it's
not quite a question of who decides who
makes these decisions the person who
loves the baby and the reason this is so
important is because as we speak the
Senate is trying trying to continue a
debate about Obamacare all they want to
do is vote they have to vote on the bill
that they have but that vote will open
up the bait it's just a vote to open up
the bait and they're still not sure
I mean Rand Paul is still posturing on
television saying well it's this is that
vote to open the debate debated only let
people see you and they don't want to do
it and Donald Trump you know this is the
thing I keep saying Donald Trump has
learned stuff you know what I keep
saying about Donald Trump is he has
learned to do things but he still has
his personality and his personality is
you know different let's put it that way
it's different than most of the
presidents we've had and the quite the
big question is will is personality get
in the way of his learning to become
president because I do believe he can
learn to be a good president now
suddenly finally he is
hot on to what he is supposed to do
which is get out there and sell this
bill hold the Republicans speak to the
fire so he goes on hears let's just take
a quick look at Trump making a speech
the kinds of speeches he should have
been making all along but he's doing it
now he's caught on this is what a
president does is come one there is
still time to do the right thing and for
Senate Republicans this is their chance
to keep their promise over and over
again they said repeal and replace
repeal and replace but they can now keep
their promise to the American people to
provide emergency relief to those in
desperate need of help and to improve
health care for all Americans every
member of the Senate I say this the
American people have waited long enough
there's been enough talk and no action
now is the time for action we are here
to solve problems for the people
Obamacare has broken our health care
system it's broken it's collapsing it's
God and now it is up to us to get great
health care for the American people this
is so this is what he should be doing
and you know of course you can say you
should have been doing it all along but
okay he's a novice he's learning at
least he's learning he went to Boy
Scouts this was my favorite III luck
this is Trump when I love him you know
he went to the Boy Scouts Jamboree and
different places and again and again he
keeps taunting the press all they're
gonna say there are hundred people here
they're not going to show the press you
know they're not going to show the
crowds and it's just across the CNN
tweets the crowd and the crowd it's only
boy scouts and there's a gigantic big
mockery of Barack Obama Barack Obama
mask in the background it gets on shit
we never have gotten on CNN except just
lives in their heads and they could we
that we're not fake news we're showing
the crowd we're showing the crowd it was
great it was and here was here was my
favorite moment here here he is taunting
his old pal
by the way just a question it president
Oh
mama ever come to a Jamboree and if you
can't see he turns around he's looking
at Rick Perry cuz where's Obama where is
Waldo where's and they're democratically
not with a you shouldn't politicize the
Boy Scouts he said the reason Obama
never went to a Jamboree is because they
politicize the Boy Scouts with the gay
question you know the one that gays so
the Democrats were just pounding them
trying to defend them all this stuff you
know in it but but when oh but when
Trump does it suddenly it's wrong so
Trump is in their face he's fighting
back this is good stuff
all of this is good stuff and meanwhile
you know before I go on and it's really
going to get interesting so you're going
to want to come to the Daily wire calm
and listen to it because you can no
longer use the free video on Facebook or
YouTube when back to the Daily wire if
you subscribe if you subscribe you can
watch the whole show on The Daily wire
calm and put your questions in the
mailbag have your miserable life
transform so so Trump is doing this and
meanwhile meanwhile I mean not to forget
okay because I'm going to get to all the
Trump drama and craziness in a minute
but but meanwhile I won't rumpus doing
this the Democrats have become kinda
gone full commie they've got Chuck pure
it gets up they've announced their new
thing it's called a better deal it's and
it's in you know people that attack them
because it's such a stupid phrase such a
weak phrase but I guess it's better than
the New Deal and better than the deal
that the art of the deal would give you
or something like this and what is the
new that first of all so Chuck truly
gets up and he says that capitalism is
finished this is number four old
fashioned capitalism has broken down to
the detriment of consumers Adam Smith
has lost his way
amidst these big corporations large
corporations in too many instances merge
for their own interests so they not the
consumer can dictate prices the quantity
and the quality of goods
we're going to fight to allow regulators
to break up big companies if they're
hurting consumers and to make it harder
for companies to merge if it reduces
competition yeah that's a Chuck that's
what we need more regulation it's like
who you know they're acting you know you
know which said it's too it's just too
bad the Democrats were in an office for
the last eight years
because if Democrats has had the
presidency it had a supermajority for
two years in Congress they would have
fixed everything oh you know that's what
happened they got nothing done they were
too busy telling us who should use our
bathroom too busy imposing this health
care system which is like it really is
like an anchor on the economy I just
want to play one more cut of Schumer so
you realize it if Donald Trump is
unpopular as the polls keep telling us
he is as the press keeps telling us he
is why are the Democrats suddenly
talking exactly like Donald Trump okay
but let's hear from five this is Chuck
Schumer selling his new plan
average families feel they're being
pushed around by large economic forces
and are losing that traditional American
faith in the future too many families in
America feel like the rules of the
economy are rigged against them they
feel like they're getting a raw deal and
they're right they're almost powerless
to change them we are here today to tell
the people of Berryville and the working
people of America someone has your back
yeah that's that's good the working
people of America someone has your back
this is the party this is the party that
does nothing but divide people it does
nothing but say oh the blacks against
the whites the straights against the
gays oh if you're this you're oppressed
and the people who have would been who
have been their traditional villain the
white male the working-class guy who
goes to work does his job maybe thinks
that like the old-fashioned ways were
better than their newfangled ideas and
he's the guy they have been
are you guys clinging to his Bible and
his guns they had the government for
eight years these radicals these
Communists the Socialists they had the
government for eight years what we are
living in now is Obama's America we are
still living in Obama's America and that
is why that is why it's so important
that Trump gets this right he's been
doing this other thing at the same time
where he has been tweeting about Jeff
Sessions and again this has nothing to
do whether you like if you like Jeff
Sessions obviously Trump is really upset
that sessions recused himself in this
rush from this Russian investigation you
know what I don't blame Trump for being
upset I think this Russian investigation
is nonsense it doesn't mean it doesn't
mean that there wasn't a meeting here
that shouldn't have taken place it
doesn't mean that there wasn't a
conversation what it means is the
narrative that they're puttin wrapping
that all in the Democrats have done so
much more with the Russians even with
Russian disinformation that they were
getting from at fusion GPS that was
gotten by a Hillary donor there was
false information that they were using
and spreading around and getting James
Comey to start an investigation using
that disinformation all that stuff that
they were doing you know that's
completely forgotten unmasking people in
classified phone conversations
completely forgotten it's just any
meeting they had they've got the Kushner
Jared Kushner is now yesterday I think
he was at the Senate and tell committee
was meeting staff and today is with the
house in Intel committee actually
meeting with the congressman answering
questions remember this he was in on
that meeting with Donald Trump jr. where
they talked to the lawyer and nothing
happened it was such a big story because
nothing happened when nothing happens
that's you know that has got to leave
the news and Cushing a kind of came out
and blew it away he gave an 11-page
statement he said he was in the meeting
for ten minutes and he texted somebody
this is assistant to call him get out of
the meeting I thought you should
remember that next time you're talking
to Jared Kushner if he gets a phone call
he's bored they just dire but he came to
comes out and makes a statement a very
rare for him to say anything at all but
here he is let me be very clear I did
not collude with Russia nor do I know of
anyone else in the campaign who did so
I had no improper contacts I have not
relied on Russian funds for my
businesses and I have been fully
transparent in providing all requested
information Donald Trump had a better
message and ran a smarter campaign and
that is why he won suggesting otherwise
ridicules those who voted for him
see that's such a good point because
what he's saying is everything
everything that they have done to
suggest that this was a Russian you know
invasion of America is attacking the
people who went to the polls all those
people the Chuck Schumer's trying to win
back all those former working-class
Democrats who voted for Trump they're
the people who are there saying when you
call them deplorable that's who you're
talking to when you say that they were
fooled by the Russians that's who you're
talking to is a really really good point
if Trump could just stay on point so I
don't blame Trump for being upset that
he's going after Jeff Sessions his
oldest friend is oldest ally the guy who
really gave him the idea of the wall and
going after immigration who supported
him in that he starts tweeting against a
Mac angrily and just kind of humiliating
in public it's no way to treat somebody
first of all it's no way to treat a
friend I mean you call the guy in talk
to him or whatever you want to do you
know send him a message through an
intermediary you don't go out on Twitter
and go after your your pals that is not
what you do and so here is Sarah
Huckabee Sanders you know just before I
play this I just have to say there is a
guy let me see if I can find this there
is a guy on who called here it is
Sarah Huckabee Sanders he called her
this is at The Daily Beast this
left-wing thing this this guy IRA
Madison the third he called her a butch
queen and he said as she went in front
of the press and said it's her first
time in drag at the ball this if a
right-wing guy did that he would be
pilloried and rightly so it just
disgusting anyway she comes on Fox &
Friends and they ask her basically is
she going to fire is Trump going to fire
Jeff
look I know that he is certainly
frustrated and disappointed in the
Attorney General for recusing himself
but as we've said I think that's a
decision that if the president wants to
make you certainly will and he's
continuing to move forward and focus on
other things but that frustration
certainly hasn't gone away and you know
I don't think it will but given the fact
that the president is being attacked
unnecessarily and certainly for no
reason on something that I think he and
most of America feel is a complete hoax
and that the media has gotten so spun up
in Russia fever we're looking to move on
and it makes it really hard when every
single day the media spends 15 times as
much time talking about Russia as they
do that the issues that Americans care
about there was a poll in the Wall
Street Journal just last week that - the
top three issues that Americans care
about our health care immigration and
jobs and the top three issues that the
press covers is Russia Russia and more
Russia you know I get it I do get it but
it's like you know I don't want any
Charlie guards in this country I do not
want any Charlie guards in this country
not one not one I do not want the
government deciding who lives and who
dies because they're just no good at it
they're no better at that than they are
building a stair in the park I make okay
and so all I'm saying about Trump focus
dude oh he could the guy could be good
at being president he has the skills to
be President don't let the senators
don't let the GOP say oh we were too
distracted you know don't let the press
focus on something else keep the focus
on these guys and get that health care
bill up for debate it really is it
really is what I think the Donald has to
do and it has nothing to do with right
or wrong here this politics fucking pure
politics getting stuff done all right
let us bring on our guest sorry I kept
her waiting Kerry Lucas vice president
of policy and economics at the
independent woman's voice her work has
appeared everywhere Wall Street Journal
Washington Post USA Today and the thing
that endears her to her to me more than
anything else she is the co-author of
she is the author of the politically
incorrect guy to women sex and feminism
which I
should have let bound in leather and put
on my shelf you can find her on Twitter
at Kerry Lucas CA RR ie Lu Kas Kerry how
you doing I'm doing great thanks so much
for having me on
it's a pleasure first first of all tell
me what the independent woman's voice
does exactly well we're an educational
organization and we try to represent we
consider mainstream American women me oh
it's interesting hearing you talk about
the list of issues that people care
about it's so important that people
recognize that that's what women care
about too so often when you hear the
average women's group makes it sound as
though women only care about over cut
reproduction or child care issues where
you know we know that women are most
concerned about things like the economy
getting our healthcare system right
national security so though the other
where we spend our energies to so it's
almost as if you're saying that women
are people almost like so let me ask you
this you know I was on Fox once on their
morning show and I said what I'll ask
the question why is now the National
Organization women why is it a left-wing
group if it represents women they were
right wing and left wing women why has
left been able to co-op the question of
what's good for women yeah you know
they've been so successful and I don't
know how we've allowed them to get away
with it I actually think that's
something that conservatives should
grapple with and say and we need to take
this topic a lot more seriously for so
long we've allowed you know the Women's
Studies program do you think of what
happens kind of in our popular culture
and on college campuses really less
leaning women have absolutely dominated
and been able to control the
conversation about women in public
policy that's a real shame because
you're right women you know the last
election you often hear this idea that
women vote overwhelmingly for Democrats
while yes there's a wage gap you know it
was pretty small you know it's nothing
it's not nearly as as expansive as
people would have you but have you
believed you lose four out four out of
every ten voters female voters voted for
Trump in the last election yo that's
still means Republicans often
work to do but it still shows there's a
lot of women out there who are open to
that message will be a lot more open to
that message Republicans focused on
unreached out to women in the resonate
with them what you know as a right
winger I have a lot of friends were
certifiably insane and they constantly
sending me things about you know YouTube
videos women can't do freedom women
don't want freedom they threw out the
man who the men who took care of them
now they want the man
capital T capital m to take care of them
and nobody ever dares to ask this
question so I'm going to ask it is is
this a problem I mean women seem as you
say they're not totally in the pocket of
the Democrat Party but the Democrats
have been very successful in co-opting
their issues is there something about
women that just doesn't want to that
will not support the idea of being free
and individualism you know I don't I
don't think I don't think it needs to be
that way you know it's interesting I
think so I'm I'm a libertarian type of
girl clearly what resonated with me when
I was young was this idea of freedom and
independence and a lot of the messages
that are considered more you know go to
attend to attract more guys work with me
but I think what we're increasingly
learning and what research shows is that
a lot of women are open to the idea of
conservative ideas of free markets and
limited government when you talk to them
about it in ways that make sense to them
you know women are where we have some
different concerns than men the women
are more likely to be taken care of kids
and women are more likely to face issues
like poverty and be worried about health
care access but I think that what
Republicans are what conservatives
should feel good about to say we have a
great story to tell you we should see
you I think it's a reason why women
should support conservativism is that we
do a better job at giving opportunities
for those in poverty we have a better
way better solutions for making sure our
health care system is there for people
who need it in our education system
provides the skills that people
particularly those at the bottom are
going to need to get into the economy
but so often I think there when you talk
about things like tax reform or Social
Security or budgets you can be talking
the language that the guy is the work
with guys things like you know we want
four percent economic growth well you
know that's not going to convince many
women
I talked about how it's going to help
families and how it's going to make them
system work better for people like them
we to win him over we just have to be
smart about it
you know I couldn't help uh that
remember the videos of like with Julia
that the Obama administration would out
I wanted to bring out a little bit of
that in and play it but you know they
they made it impossible to find they've
removed it as well they showed it was an
embarrassment but just to remind people
it showed Obama advertising essentially
that under Obama women would be taken
care of from cradle to grave if if your
organization of the independent woman's
voice made a life of Julia what would it
look like what are you offering to women
through freedom that yeah be good
Trump's what Obama was often yeah you
know I think one of the conversations
begin with all the failures out there
and the life of Julia because here
you're right this idea that the
government um I can take care of you
every step of the way and provide this
like wonderful childcare system that's
going to help your kids and then you can
go to the public school then you can get
a loan and go this whole idea that
governments want you to take care of you
and support you that's you know even if
that is tempting to women um people
should remember that like government
does an awfully bad job at a lot of this
you know why you don't want government
to a run public your your child care
system and if I'm private key and I'm
pre-k school it's because they're doing
not doing a very good job with the kid
that they have from ages five to twelve
I'm you know we look at things like our
health care system the government aches
a lot of big promises but then you know
if you're in Medicaid a lot of people
out there would be saying you know I
still can't get a doctor's appointment
it's still not helping me get the care I
need so I think that first we need to
remind people that government they
promised to take care of you but it is a
really bad job at it you know it does a
better job you look at the things at
work in America and the ways we've made
progress it's in the private enterprise
it's through that market-based
market-based exchanges where things are
getting better or education and other
kind of information is becoming you have
better ways to educate your kids it's
not really the public schools haven't
been changing and improving there's a
whole lot of other things that are so I
think we can kind of explain that those
markets there are these solutions and
then you know I'm not you I don't think
that we should be out there saying that
there's no role for a safety net I think
there is and I think we can have make
sure that the safety net
is doing what it needs to do and that's
helping people who actually need it
instead of trying to put in a vast
majority of American on food stamps yeah
but that's not good news that's terrible
news and we shouldn't all want everybody
to be on Medicaid we should be trying to
get people into a private health
insurance system which does much better
to ever all studies show that private
health insurance serves people better in
places like Medicaid that's why we want
to reform Medicaid and get people off
Medicaid so they have something better
that's I agree and I agree with you
about the you know the safety net that
it's not like we're trying to get rid of
every possible aid the government can
give is just we don't want them running
people's live so you need as little of
it as possible basically I know you're a
nonpartisan organization uh independent
women's voices and non partisan
organization but you're looking now at a
big change we've had obviously this
election has turned everything
topsy-turvy are you hopeful are you do
are you feeling good about where we're
going right now or are you still yeah
necessarily we're feeling better
there's a lot of opportunities out there
when it comes to something like health
care reform you know it's very easy to
be frustrated to be thinking gosh why
can't we just get this repeal done it
seems kind of incredible
oh man it's a much better conversation
and a better problem to have than had we
been sitting here with Hillary Clinton
moving further and further down the line
towards a single-payer system so
obviously I'm frustrated I wish that the
progress was faster I hope that we can
move on tax reform you know right now
the Trump administration is talking
about rolling back a whole lot of
regulations and kind of behind the
scenes doing so I'm doing a lot of the
damage that the Obama administration did
in terms of making our labor markets
more less flexible with you there was a
lot of things that the Obama
administration that was doing behind the
scenes which was really killing jobs and
kind of making our our workforce a lot
less flexible without terrible news
movement the energy policies that Obama
administration was putting together you
know through executive Fiat was terrible
news for our economy it was terrible
news for family and the Trump
administration is succeeding in rolling
some of that back so yeah as you know
there's a lot of frustration that I want
our our guys and anybody who believes in
limited government whether you consider
yourself a Republican or Democrat
somewhere in between I think we need to
do more and focus
Matt but boy it's much better place than
I could have been you know you know it
is funny just as we're having this
conversation I'm just reflecting on the
fact that I almost never hear
I never hear people who specifically
represent women having conversations
like this on TV it's always about sex
it's always about reproductive rights
it's always about abortion and things
like this and it is I can see why that
ceases the news why that colonizes the
news
but it really is a shame because
obviously as we say you know women have
a lot more concerns than just that and
just like everybody else yeah yeah we
have a thing we all just say to our
organization that all issues are women's
issues and it really is unfair to make
it sound as though it's frankly kind of
it's a little insulting and sexist just
a little if there's a little bit yeah
when you know Nancy Pelosi comes out
because oh this is our agenda for women
and it's all about childcare well you
know what yeah childcare is important
for me it's also important to my husband
but um but you know what's more it's
just as important to me it's things like
our tax policy and health care reform is
you know it is it's just funny how and I
think the left can be really guilty of
kind of trying to pigeonhole women that
that's all we care about where can
people find you and and your
organization's well please come see it
come to the independent woman's voice
that I W voiced org online we also have
another organization Independent Women's
Forum and there's lots of information up
there at iws org or on Facebook can come
find us on Twitter and a lot of
information about all these topics we
really appreciate people stopping by
well thanks for coming on Kerry it's
been really nice talking really
interesting thanks a lot
thank you thanks for having me on well
well that is different you know it's
amazing when you think about it it's
amazing when you think about it how how
entirely the left has relegated women's
issues to their bodies you know I mean
it's kind of bizarre when you think
about it that feminists tennis feminists
must be like they must just call the
dumbest women in America and get them to
be feminists like that's the only thing
I can think of I mean I just do not see
where any of the you know it's funny
very quickly when women wanted to enter
the workforce and they're talking way
long ago back in the 70s and 80 yeah you
know that kind of opened up
people sort of corporations don't care
who they I are ultimately they want more
workers they can pay pay people west one
of the reasons I think wages have
stagnated is because the workforce has
doubled with or the potential workforce
has doubled with the entry of women but
you know I just think feminists have
been utterly utterly destructive I do
not think there is a good thing I can
say about them except where the circle
of feminism intersects with the circle
of individualism that little sliver
there I think is where feminism you know
I agree with it because I think people
should be able to do whatever they want
no matter what they are all right stuff
I like this is a complicated one do I
still yeah I have enough time I'm going
to talk about this this is a genuine I
wanted to talk about this it was
yesterday we were talking about
Dunkirk which I thought was a good movie
didn't think was a great movie but I
thought it's good and I was thinking
about the fact that I went to look I was
I kind of considered just doing a whole
stuff I like about war films and war
books but I've done that before and and
one of the things that I find so
fascinating about war is that war has
changed obviously since the days of
Achilles where Achilles must have been
this great athlete right he runs out
there with a sword he's fighting a mill
you know how tired you would get if you
were willing to sword for more than
three minutes miss word swords are
alight in the old days of a much lighter
than people think they were but even so
let's say it was five pounds swinging a
five-pound weight around you know while
people are running at you with other
sort of trying to kill you it's very
exhausting that's why when I see women
doing it the movies I can roll my eyes
because I don't think it would be easy
for a man I mean I think the men who
fought in those days must have been
incredibly fit and in incredibly good
shape and obviously more changed with
the invention of gunpowder changed
further with the invention of like
rapid-fire weapons and the glory went
out of war to some degree the courage
that it took to enter war and the glory
that you got from making that decision
remains but the glory of the fight you
know that old fashioned like one man
against another wielding sword is gone
because the modern warfare is utter
chaos you know when you see you know the
obviously the opening of a Saving
Private Ryan was kind of the cinematic
version where that became real
jutter cast utter death all around and
really if you watch that Restrepo I
think was called that documentary you
see they're just just like confusion and
the terror of it all so the glory of war
and it is a glorious that people
sacrifice themselves to defend our
freedom to defend our country that is a
glorious thing but the the whole idea of
glory and honor and combat and physical
courage it has changed and mutated and
so I want to recommend a very strange
bizarre story very it's kind of an
intellectual stories not for everybody
by Jorge Luis Borges and portes is is
Argentinian was he he was Argentinian
yes he wrote in Spanish and he wrote
mostly short stories he wrote two famous
volumes of short stories a conservative
by the way he he died in 1986 and he was
a became pals with William F Buckley
there's a famous interview with Buckley
and Boris talking and and he wrote these
incredible exercises in intellectual
experimentation so he would write about
an endless library what it would be like
to live in an endless library he has
this one story that I've always loved
called pierre menard
author of don quixote author of the
quixote which is what they call it in
spanish right and the idea is pure
machine art is a more or less modern
writer who sets as his task to rewrite
don quixote word-for-word
and the idea is that if you rewrote don
quixote word for word it would be an
entirely different book because it
wouldn't be written by the same person
it wouldn't be read in the same time it
wouldn't be read in the same context and
he has part of it is just hilarious so
it'll compare parts of the original Don
Quixote to Pierre Menards Don Quixote so
here's it says it's a revelation to
compare the Don Quixote of pierre menard
with that' miguel dicent ace Cervantes
wrote the following truth whose mother
is history rival of time depository of
Deeds witness of the past exemplar an
adviser to the present and the futures
counselor and then Bohr has says this
catalogue of attribute
written in the 17th century and written
by the ingenious layman Miguel de
Cervantes is mere rhetorical praise of
history Minard on the other hand writes
truth whose mother is history rival of
time depository of Deeds witness of the
past exemplar an advisor to the present
and the futures counselor history the
mother of truth the idea is staggering
Minard a contemporary of William James
defines history not as delving into
reality this is a very font of reality
so everything changes because it's
written in a different time the same
word same exact words and it's comical
in this kind of high intellectual way
the only reason this came to mind was we
are out obviously in a crisis of ideas
when I say a crisis I don't mean crisis
like the building is falling down I mean
a turning point a point when something a
tipping point when something is going to
change obviously it's not just the
election of Donald Trump it's the eight
years of this radical Obama that came
before the fact that we have an actual
party a major political party that seems
to have abandoned the basics of freedom
the basics of capitalism the fact that
we have another party on the right the
Republican Party that it's in disarray
that it's at war with itself and now
there are a lot of very deep ideas
underlying me this division that I'd
like to talk about but I don't have time
to talk about now but I'll come back and
talk about it again but the thing is the
conservatism that comes out of this is
not going to be the conservative ism of
the past even if it has a lot of the
same ideas because it's going to look
entirely different in the context of the
modern world in the context of
technology in the context of sexual
freedom in the context of mixed races of
the white race becoming less of a
dominant force and the other races
becoming part of it everything is going
to be different and conservatism is
going to have to accept that in order to
be the same it will have to be different
because if it remains the same it will
be different ways that we don't
particularly like and that in some ways
is part of the message of this board
wonderful board has story if you like
intellectual experimentation or a Lewis
Lewis board has one of the great great
writers of the 20th century and one of
us all right tomorrow
oh the mailbag get your questions in
yeah come on do it do it you got to
subscribe for lousy ten bucks a month
you subscribe for the year you get the
leftist here's mug which will solve some
of your problems the mailbag will solve
the rest
I'm Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew
Clavin show see you tomorrow
