the Republican Party seems to be in big
trouble after the collapse of their
attempt to replace Obamacare recent
polls by Democrat organizations that
have been reported by Democrat news
media show that Donald Trump has a
historically low approval rating with
Democrats who hate Donald Trump and that
Republicans are universally despised by
Democrats who despise Republicans but
what about the Democrats themselves some
prominent voices in the Democrat Party
maintain that the party is doing fine
including the New York Times editorial
board CNN Raul Castro and a lunatic in
Times Square who claims Jesus was a
black guy but others feel the Democrats
are having a hard time deciding what
their message should be as they head
into the 2018 midterms Senate Democrat
leader Chuck Schumer says quote we must
get out the word that Donald Trump is
stinky and has cooties and that he is so
mean he made the Statue of Liberty cry
this is not the America I know and love
but in America we're statues cry giant
bronze tears because of the president's
cooties if I can say this on television
again and again while doing absolutely
nothing to move the country forward I
feel sure Democrats will win the vote of
everyone who is against stinky cooties
and doesn't want to see ladies statues
cry unquote over in the house Democrat
leader nancy pelosi issued a statement
saying quote it's not true the democrats
don't have a message our message is
clear president bush must return my car
to the place where i'm almost sure I
parked it or the public will hold him
personally responsible for this lipstick
stain that somehow got on my forehead
never before in the history of whatever
country I'm in have so many words that
didn't make sense caused me to
accidentally lock myself in the bathroom
with this message I know we can win if
winning is what we want to do otherwise
we cannot win unquote California
congresswoman Maxine Waters who has
become a hero to the anti-trump
resistance by staunchly sticking to her
position of blithering insanity say she
will continue to hammer her message home
until they take her back to the ward
clear waters told reporters quote Donald
Trump would be Hitler if Hitler owned
black slaves and was named Donald Trump
and had no slaves and wasn't Hitler his
election marks the end of our nation as
we know it the death of democracy and a
tremendous explosion in which everyone
is killed
with blood and body parts flying from
one end of my brain to the other this is
my message to anyone who can hear the
sound of my voice through these padded
walls unquote
another left-wing darling senator
Elizabeth Warren added quote message
sent by smoke signals across field of
Tears to Great Spirit of white father
who weeps no more forever unquote the
Democrat confusion and division seems
set to continue providing Republicans in
Congress with a perfect opportunity to
chicken out of all their promises and
accomplish nothing
trigger warning drew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Klavan shelf
