Newsweek magazine has run an article
describing how wonderful the world would
be if Hillary Clinton had been elected
president I wish I were making this up
but I'm not the article as God as my
witness is entitled Hillary Clinton is
president in an alternative universe
where America is great again the author
is Chris Reata whose previous writings
include in a make-believe world where
I'm a journalist my articles have
information in them and in a Fantasyland
where people read Newsweek I'm doing
something useful with my life now this
is the part of the show opening where I
usually start inventing some insert
absurd things I'm leftist said by way of
illustrating that left this your fatuous
knuckleheads who live in a delusional
cloud of fake virtue where they can
pretend their politicians aren't
power-hungry crooks pushing cynical
constitution destroying policies but not
today today I'm simply going to quote
from this article word-for-word with
only a few edits for brevity which will
accomplish the same thing the article
sets the fantasy scene beginning quote
Hillary Clinton sits behind the resolute
desk in the Oval Office
it's 9:30 p.m. and Madam President spent
the day successfully rallying House
Republicans and Democrats behind a
health care bill that will improve upon
her predecessors landmark initiative the
Affordable Care Act the bill passed an
hour ago but she isn't anywhere near
done for fulfilling her duties to the
American people I won't be taking any
more calls Clinton tell senior advisor
Huma Abedin I want to look through these
Russian sanctions one more time tell
bill not to wait up for me
unquote that's right in the same bizarre
alternative universe where Hillary is
President Bill Clinton waits up for her
to come to bed maybe they even sleep
together who knows I mean the Affordable
Care Act works in this universe so
anything is possible
oh and there's Huma Abedin who in real
life received classified emails from
Hillary's illegal server and then shared
them with her husband Anthony Weiner who
is busy sending obscene
sex to underage girls but in this story
she's a good person
what a wonderful imagination this writer
has but let's read on quote and again
real quote Huma Abedin leaning on the
half-open door to one of the most
powerful rooms in the world gives one
last look at the president and says you
did a good job today Madam President who
runs the world Clinton asks girls girls
run the world Abbadon responds leaving
the President to her work unquote
that's right this alternative Newsweek
world is run by girls if by girls you
mean soulless power obsessed hags with a
propensity for breaking the law while
making the kind of stupid decisions that
have left places like Libya and chaos
and given 20% of our plutonium uranium
supply into Russian hands and finally in
this alternative world there are no
Donald Trump mean tweets against
journalists accusing them of reporting
fake news like this article in this
alternative universe there's just fake
news like this article so it's a leftist
paradise
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
we also sing competition you cannot make
this stuff up can you no actually this
is going to turn to the theme today this
this fantasy world that the left lives
in and then tries to sell to us but that
was an amazing article girls run the
world
so the Clavin last weekend is over and
it was a bad one we lost Martin Landau
terrific actor from Mission Impossible
and he won the Oscar for Ed Wood which
is a great film have you seen Ed Wood
terrific film terrific movie and George
Romero died who made Night of the Living
Dead so we lost a couple guys but on the
positive side Michael roles is here to
discuss Game of Thrones as you saw I'm
sure our fantastic video if you haven't
you should watch it with been playing
the Game of Thrones theme on violin
while Knoll shows up as what's-her-name
to our darius star gary would hurt his
shirt off people did you know thank us
for pixelating his breasts but i have to
tell you that's actually the way he
looks he actually has a pixelated body
when he takes off your shirt it's kind
of Harper if ik so just for one more
time let me say how's the sound working
are we doing good perfectly all right we
had terrible problems and you know after
we have after we have problems we have
problems in the new set with the sound
after you have problems you get together
and you sort of assess you have meetings
you know you talk about what went wrong
and I think what we finally decided was
when we went to hire people who could
work sound equipment what we did is we
went out to Hollywood and Vine where the
guy stands with the bullhorn shouting
that the world is about to end and we
thought a bullhorn of sound equipment
right we we hired we hired those guys I
think in retrospect we probably should
have gone to zip recruiter calm I'm just
saying that you know you go to zip
recruiter calm you don't get Psychopaths
you don't get criminals you don't get
people who you know abuse drugs and
things like that which is basically the
entire step officially what Austin loves
it when I make these jokes I hope your
folks are watching Austin they
yeah let me go to zipper guru.com you
can post your job to a hundred-plus job
sites with just one click and then
they're powerful technology efficiently
matches the right people to your job
better than anyone else that's why zip
recruiter is different other job sites
unlike other job sites super cooter
doesn't depend on candidates finding you
it finds them it drags them out of their
homes brings them to you by force I'm
just making that part up but in fact
over 80 percent of jobs posted on zip
recruiter get a qualified candidate in
just 24 hours 80 percent get a job a
good candidate in just 24 hours
there's no juggling emails or calls to
your office you simply screen rate and
manage candidates all in one place with
zip recruiters easy-to-use dashboard
find out today why zip recruiter has
been used by businesses of all sizes to
find the most qualified job candidates
with immediate results right now my
listeners can post jobs on zip recruiter
for free that's right free which is
really inexpensive just go to zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire one more
time to try it for free gotas recruiter
comm slash daily wire or just go out to
Hollywood and Vine find a guy with a
bullhorn and you're all set
alright so you know I think about Romero
I was thinking back to when I first saw
Night of the Living Dead it must have
been I must have seen it a couple years
late because I could draw when Night of
the Living Dead came out I was too young
to drive but a couple of years later I
was driving I lived out on Long Island
and you know when you're a kid in the
suburbs you drive a lot like it's kind
of like just just to try and get away
from home until it's getting in into
your own head a little bit I'm striving
with one of my brothers I think it was
and we saw something that some of you
have probably never seen in your life a
double feature and it was yeah I know it
was the old days they had double
features and it was two films neither of
us have ever heard of nidal Living Dead
and I think the second one was been in
which rats take over the world while
Michael Jackson is a little boy sings
the song band yeah
think I think that was the second and it
may have been been may have been the
sequel to Willard or Willard may have
been the sequel to Ben as one of the
other so we sat it we came in and we
allowed double features good deal you
know and we sat down and we watched
Night of the Living Dead
got up and walked out we were so
terrified that the idea of even seeing
our emotions up there take on another
movie was completely out of the question
we could not do it that was I have to
think I have to say probably beyond a
shadow of a doubt that I don't like I
don't like zombie movies I don't like
monster movies I don't like gore all
that much real gore like that that was
one of the scariest films I've ever seen
it may have been v scariest film I ever
saw to see that without warning in a
movie theater on a big screen and not
know what it was or what you know with
the acting so amateurish and that had
this real sense of that you were
watching something real had a real sense
of a news really it was terrifying and
it really did stick with me and again I
don't like I don't like zombie stories
but they've become a genre and the
reason they become Rosanna I believe is
because their comment on materialism
there are comment on a world in which
people are not supposed to believe in
God and they really answer the question
of what life would be like if there were
no God you just be a piece of meat being
eaten by other pieces of meat who are
waiting to be eaten themselves that's
all you would be and I think that's why
it has so much resonance in the society
I think that's why it became a genre
because because of that anyway it was a
great great film they've never matched
it nothing's ever been as good what's
really kind of weird as then they made
Resident Evil which I played which was
the video game ripoff of Night of the
Living Dead and then they started making
movies of the video game ripoff right
beyond you know it just goes on and on
forever okay what I did see over the
weekend I saw War of the Planet of the
Apes and I really do want to talk about
this because it goes back to this theme
of what we were talking about of this
left-wing fantasy and there's not a lot
of news going on john mccain has been
ill so they haven't they can't take a
vote on the health care value notice
it's i told you this is this what they
call in the news business the silly
season where nothing is happening and so
what happens is they will find whatever
small story they think hurts republicans
and they will blow it out of proportion
that's what going to be going on all
through august all until you know
Congress is back in session and they
start voting on things again maybe
they'll be some news that pops up but if
not if not all through July and August
you will be hearing absolute outrage
every time Donald Trump sneezes I mean
Donald Trump shook hands with president
McComb from France and they had one of
those long handshakes that guys get into
sometimes when they're still talking
this has happened to me half a dozen
times you're talking to somebody and you
still kind of forget you're shaking his
hand but you just keep going and I mean
CNN had an entire panel discussing you
know the this handshake what it meant
and what it you know what it was so
silly and all this stuff anyway so
you're going to see a lot of that so
we're going to ignore it basically I'm
just not going to sit around and talk
about some guy who knew a guy who looked
like Boris badenov and might have been
related to Russia who bumped into Donald
Trump on the in the hallway of this
hotel
you know just we're just not going to do
that if we can help it at all so but I
did good but this is important because
it does really speak to something that
is going on and something that the
people or what have been rising up
against and I think we're in a struggle
I don't know how the struggle is going
to end between people who feel like the
people who made war of the Planet of the
Apes now for those of you who haven't
been paying attention obviously Planet
of the Apes was an old movie with
Charlton Heston and the old idea of the
film was Charlton Heston gets in is in a
ship where he's in suspended animation
the ship breaks and he lands on this
planet and he doesn't realize that he's
gone into the future and he's now on the
planet where the Apes rule and the
people are Apes basically and he gets
his throat hurt when he's caught so he
can't speak he doesn't have the human
facility to speak and nobody will
believe he is anything but a primitive
beast so here just a quick scene from
that as Charlton Heston is trying to
describe to the scientists who studies
the primitive human beings the ape
scientist who studies the primitive
human beings trying to communicate with
them good morning dr. Zira
good morning Julius how's our patient
today no change the minute you open the
door he goes into his act
well I hope we want this warning we walk
pumping come on speak come on speak
did we watts of sugar old-timer huh you
could get hurt during that doctor oh
don't be silly perfectly tame ah they're
all tame until they take a chunk out of
you
well Bright Eyes is our throat feeling
better still hurts doesn't it
see he keeps pretending he can talk that
bright eyes is remarkable he keeps
trying to form words you know what they
say human see human do that's the
basically the entire joke of the movie
that they're human see human do that is
the entire joke it's all the cliches we
say about Apes now they're saying about
Charlton Heston who you know is a
scientist and an astronaut and all this
stuff so that was the old thing was a
really powerful movie when you go back
and look at it it was made for about ten
cents and the special effects are
hilarious the technology that goes into
this new movie is so miraculous the way
it's who's that guy Andy Serkis yeah I
mean he's the guy played Gollum Gollum
and he played King Kong I mean he's just
he has like fulfills this profession
that simply didn't exist you know ten
years ago fifteen years ago
anyway the technology is so great that I
was sitting there thinking that human
beings are such miraculous creatures
that if ever the Apes rise up against
them we should kill them all or you can
kill every single ape we think are
canceled because they'll never be able
to make a movie like this one but in the
movie the Apes of the good guys and the
people there's some sympathetic people
but basically the lead ape Caesar is the
leader of his people and he is fighting
against Woody Harrelson who is the evil
Colonel who has been sent to exterminate
them as gone a little crazy and I will
tell you why I'm thought I'm talking
about this but first let's just watch
Harrelson delivery one of his patented
evil guy performances okay this picture
comes out and it gets fantastic
I mean just spectacular I don't know
what it's got on Rotten Tomatoes like
98% on critics and 88% from the humans
and it under legal reviews and they tout
the box office receipts why we should
care what how much money a movie makes I
don't know why that's any of our
business we're not getting out of that
profit but but that's a big story now
here's the way CNN fake News CNN ran at
Planet eh wins box office war with
spider-man LA Times war is victorious
over spider-man same thing right it's a
victory the fact is the movie didn't
bomb but it came in very low it got to
earned about fifty six million dollars
which is the low end of what they're
hoping for obviously a film this big
this expensive this Titanic and promoted
you know is supposed to make over a
hundred million dollars in this first
weekend didn't do it and people are
talking about why why the reviews were
so good the technology so amazing the
euros maybe it's because it wasn't
violent enough maybe this but I'm going
to tell you why I think this movie is
not doing as well as it could do but I
cannot tell you before I talk to you
about stamps.com
which I have to talk to you about
because this is one and only reason why
I'm here and not standing on line
somewhere is before this is one of those
things that I will do anything I can to
avoid if I have to sell your mother down
the river to get out of standing on line
I will do it but it's much easier to
just sign onto stamps calm because
stamps calm brings all the services of
the US Postal Service right to your
fingertips right there on your computer
and this is the thing the Postal Service
does actually does a good job everybody
likes to complain about the post office
they really do a good job but it's just
a little out of date to have to stop
what you're doing drive to the post
office hope it's open wait on line stand
on line get the you know your stuff away
by the stamp instead you just turn to
your computer put the envelope in you
can buy and print official US postage
for any letter any package any class of
mail with your own computer and printer
stamps comm makes it easy they'll send
you a digital scale so you can
automatically calculate the exact
postage and they'll even help you decide
the best class of mail based on your
needs so there's no need to at least an
expensive postage meter you
just use stamps.com right now you can
enjoy the stamps.com service with a
special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale
without any long-term commitments what
you do is you go to stamps com click on
the microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in clayvin let's spell
it que el hay v as in victor a and
stamps comm hit the mic then enter
clayvin stamps.com you will never have
to go to the post office again
so we got michael knowles coming on to
king the trolls but you will not be able
to see it on Facebook or YouTube we give
you free video for a little while and
then if you come to the Daily wire comm
you can watch the whole show and video
if you subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a
month allows you 10 bucks a month if you
subscribe for a year which only costs
about 100 I'm supposed to say $99.99 but
I know this audience is so sophisticated
so incredibly hip to the jive you know
hep to the jive that they would say wait
a minute that's only a penny I'm saving
a penny so it's like a hundred bucks and
you get the leftist tears mug which will
keep your leftist tears nice and cold as
it keeps my coffee hot come on over to
the daily wire.com and subscribe and you
can listen to the show if you don't
subscribe and you can still hear knowles
say whatever the heck he's about to say
so here's the thing this movie all the
evil is done in the name of Christ and
America there is a scene in this movie
where the Apes who are the persecuted
minority and clearly the good guys in
the movie and we're clearly rooting for
them the soldiers the evil soldiers run
by Woody Harrelson come out and they
start blasting a star-spangled banner
which for those of you know is actually
your national anthem right it's the
star-spangled banner and they come out
and just beat the crap out of these Apes
while this music is playing and I'm
sitting there and I'm Fianna and I was
enjoying the film it's not it's not a
you know it's so spectacular to look at
that you can't help but kind of enjoy
the wonderful technology they're using
it a plot is interesting enough but I
could think like really like really I
have to
some corporate millionaire diss my
country who while he's making millions
and millions off my country really I
have to do that that's a necessary thing
the symbol of the evil soldiers is Alpha
Omega which those of you who are
Christians will know is the sign of
Christ that the symbol is written on top
of a flag the flag goes up in flames in
the moment of victory the symbology is
all against everything you might
possibly hold dear and of course the
evil guys are building a wall and what
is amazing about this part of the plot
is they're building a wall and the good
guys is all this wall as madness and you
think well wait there they're about to
be invaded they should be building oak
wall yeah there's nothing wrong with the
wall except that it's a wall except that
it references job Donald Trump this
these corporate millie I mean this is a
big corporation doing expending tens of
millions of dollars and then poking you
specifically in the eye and you know
this is where we stand you know there's
one way that's kind of funny in kind of
ironic that the West does this a lot you
know the first great work of Western art
what is it it's the Iliad in written by
for the Greeks by the Greeks in which
the Trojans have Hector the good guy and
the Greeks are represented by Achilles
was just a pain in the neck and I was
just a kind of a bully in a kind of
whiny prima donna and you know we have
done this all the time in fact Edward
Saeed who wrote the book Orientalism
which is one of the Bible's of the left
complained about this that complained
about the fact that we created noble
Easterners in our imagination I mean
there's just so many things like this he
there's the Persians after the Greeks
beat the Persians they wrote the
Persians they wrote the Trojan women
about how sad it was for the women to be
conquered by them you know we've always
done this the Song of Roland has the
noble Saladin the noble Muslim who
fights against the fights against Roland
even if you think to All Quiet on the
Western Front you know which was a
German novel but became very popular in
the West tells the story of the war from
the point of view of the people who lost
it this is the stuff we do we owe this
is what why were the West is because
we're always thinking about the other
guy we're always identifying with other
people is very typical of Western art
but at the same time why
do what is best about western art while
dissing the rest of that degree while
telling you and this is you know this is
the way these ideas are injected into
people's minds especially the minds of
the young and the uneducated you don't
have to think to see the star-spangled
banner while the people you're rooting
for in the movie get beaten up you don't
have to think to see alpha-omega get
catch on fire when the good guys win you
know you don't have to think this just
ideas go into your mind and if you want
to see the results there's this
wonderful video that I think we put up
actually on The Daily wire and it's I'll
play a long cut from it because it's
worth it it's an organization called
campus reform that goes out and does
these hit videos against kids on campus
and they're just interviewing kids about
socialism and this is the result of the
kind of propaganda you see in the war
for the Planet of the Apes and your
opinion is socialism a good thing or a
bad thing I mean I think people kind of
throw that word around to try to scare
you but if helping people is socialism
then I'm for it
I could really benefit our country in
the future I think it's a good idea
socialism as a concept as a philosophy
is good I think that it's got a bad rip
trying to spread the wealth it's
definitely a good thing in America and
there's definitely thing that's needed
there's a lot of things with Social
Welfare that I think would be good to
have you have a positive reaction to
toast with them or negative one I'd say
a more positive one I'm definitely more
open to it we should have a standard of
living for all people
by default that should just be available
if we did it democratically then we
could really incorporate socialism like
it it definitely seems like a more
feasible option and it could help more
people like just as a broad term it
could help more people how would you
define socialism
I mean honestly that definition gets
thrown around a lot I'm not exactly sure
how would you view what socialism is
that economically what it doesn't
economically hmm so I'm going to think
about that for a second um I guess just
specifically just you know getting rid
of that wealth gap in the United States
um how would I describe as little as
possible how would you define socialism
I mean it's definitely more of an open
form of government and it feels like a
lot more accessible to a lot more people
and that's kind of how I see it like
being more accessible and more kind of
like equal ground yeah love socialism
what is it
economically I'm not sure what socialism
is economical is an economic system it
reminded me of this picture of the one
of my favorite comedies of the last few
years this is the end very raunchy
comedy but it has this scene where who
who the Rajesh Rogen is that his name
Barry shale and Jay Baruchel plays a guy
who's away from Hollywood and he comes
back to talk to Josh Rogin who's playing
himself as a total Hollywood jerk and
Jay says let's go to carl jr's but he
can't because he's on all these fad
diets here's a little bit of the
exchange look man if you stopped eating
gluten you'd feel way better all day
whenever you feel street that's because
of gluten that's not true who told you
not eat gluten just true you don't even
know what gluten
we're loose not you have no idea what do
you know what gluten is gluten is a
vague term it's only once used to
categorize things that are bad you know
calories that's a gluten fat
that's a gluten somebody just told you
you probably shouldn't eat gluten here
like oh I guess is your new clue gluten
infected man and I'm not eating it but
they cut to call juniors Seth Rogen not
Josh Groban sorry oh so that I mean that
is the world the left is setting up and
I mean even you know I was making fun of
David Brooks for talking about ways in
which the upper strata you know create
little code words that keep the lower
shut out but that only happens on the
left I don't see right-wingers doing
that these little fads that they create
hate America hate Jesus hate gluten hey
you know whatever I love socialism but
you don't know what it is you just know
you have to say it if you want to be in
with the in crowd and that's why they
live in that fantasy world from the
opening they've that fantasy world where
Hillary Clinton is president where Huma
Abedin is a good person where the
Affordable Care Act works they live in
that fantasy and the fact that we woke
them up by voting for Donald Trump by
electing for Donald Trump is like it's
like an invasion it's like Game of
Thrones they've their country the
country of fantasy has been invaded and
I just want to play before we bring on
Noel's to talk about game on Game of
Thrones I want to play Carl Bernstein
remember from Watergate is talking about
why that people don't believe by instill
justice how can they not believe us how
can they not believe everything we say
they don't they doubt our sources why is
it different in Watergate when you used
anonymous sources which by the way
because of Woodward not probably because
of Bernstein because of Woodward and
because of the checks and balances of
the Washington Post they check their
anonymous sources they have to get three
and four anonymous odd sources they
didn't just run with whatever somebody
told them so Bernstein tells you you got
to listen to this really carefully to
hear all the code words Burstyn tells
you why things are different now
difference between Watergate and now one
of the big differences is that we are in
the midst of a cold civil war in this
country a political and cultural civil
war and all of our reporting is taking
place in the context of that cold Civil
War and nothing quite like that existed
at the time of Watergate and that part
part of the cold Civil War itself is the
configuration of media with Fox News
with CNN being perceived by different
sets of viewers as representing
different truths when in fact Fox has
changed American politics as perhaps no
institution as since its invention in
1996 our politics has been changed in
alter ibly by this right-wing counter
force whatever you want to call Fox News
but also cable news itself is a
different form than we had during the
time of Watergate we didn't see
reporters on television
discussing their stories you woke us up
from our fantasy I mean listen to that
the right-wing counter force it's not a
right-wing force the force
it's liberalism the force is leftism
it's a counter force as the right-wing
and Fox News with its million three
million viewers you know wipes away all
everything that the network did all Fox
News did and all Cable News did is move
the camera about behind these guys where
we could see that they weren't wearing
any pants that the seat of their pants
was missing and their backsides were
exposed that's why they're complaining
that is why they are so hysterical we
woke them out of their fantasy world
it's like Game of Thrones except we're
fighting over the minds of the people
nulls you there
hey this is amazing look at this I
cannot believe this we're bringing you
in all the way from down the hall that's
right we actually sent satellites into
space to be able to do this per our
personal daily wire satellites I'm
having deja vu all over again
xiety so this is it your show begins on
Monday right that's right thankfully not
from this dungeon that they put me in
right now it will there will be a set is
going to start on Monday yeah I don't
know what we're going to talk about or
with whom or for how long or really even
from where they told me there's a studio
I haven't seen it but it is going to
start on Monday so that's exciting I
think what you still I hope you'll still
drop by and visit us from time to time
or else we'll have to get somebody
know something you can get you know you
can call my agent I'm sure not just a
little devious days but I'm sure we'll
figure something out
oh well well I'm glad you deserve it
what am I talking about I'm the most
lying to the guys made so we sent you
off on the dangerous mission of watching
Game of Thrones that's right I was
afraid you would just around watching
the nude scenes over and over again
notice you made hadn't watched it before
you're not a game of Thrones watch no
and I wasn't what I was performing the
nude scenes I wasn't watching you yes we
saw that and some of us are still trying
to bleach our eyes I think a great way
to launch my show and to really set it
up for success is to come on today and
trash-talk the most popular television
show in the world thinking yes yeah it's
got to work how I'll say it I'll admit
it I don't care about Game of Thrones I
haven't watched it since Dumbledore died
I just don't I really don't care we
don't do it I didn't win no give way to
before well I did but I did watch it and
I think actually it kind of gives me not
being a big fan of Game of Thrones I've
seen some episodes I don't really care
about it I do think it gives some
perspective when looking at the
controversy surrounding Game of Thrones
and some of the different media
reactions to it and the alleged think
pieces because the there is one
criticism the big criticism of it from
both the right in the left and the
Christians in the atheists is to quote
covenant eyes which is a porn watchdog
organization and software if you're
watching Game of Thrones
you're watching pornography did you know
that I did not know that makes me feel a
little better about those I would have
started watching it a lot sooner affect
many things no I I actually don't
believe that's true which is what's the
argument so the argument is the argument
is Game of Thrones
well the biggest shows in the world its
138 Emmy Awards it's like one of
gazillion Awards and if mainstreamed
everyone watching pornography regularly
and that's the reason it's successful
there are some data to back this up
I took a deep dive into pornhub insights
which is apparently a statistic
gathering organizations I'm sure is on
your most visited sites everywhere
and write my own page actually so
pornhub analyzed some of the the data
from different premieres and season
finales and and just regular episodes
throughout the season and apparently
during episodes of Game of Thrones and
on nights that it premieres traffic to
the website is down by over 4 percent
that's throughout the United States they
have people says people turn off pornhub
and start watching Game of Thrones
that's and then in the lead up to major
events season finale season premiere
searches that include the word phrase
Game of Thrones increased by three
hundred and seventy percent on pornhub
that's right yeah yeah and apparently
the top one when they search for
characters is Emilia Clarke which I take
a little offense at having played her
role in our recent daily wire video but
there are some data people clearly
associate this to some degree with
pornography there are a lot of saucy
scenes
I watched a supercut of all of the heat
all of these scintillating scenes from
oh yeah I made that that's a great great
piece I didn't oh you could edit so well
but any of the supercut was like over 10
minutes long and it was pretty pretty
raunchy you know in a way it's a little
bit encouraging because one of the
terrible things about pornography and
why we're joking around pornography can
be addictive and destructive it really
can one of the worst things about it is
there no characters pornography you're
just looking at shapes and I think one
of the things about Game of Thrones that
makes it so sexy is when the women take
their clothes off you know who they are
and really you know I think most men who
are not like crazy actually don't want
to see women take off their clothes I
want to see a woman this specific woman
take off the clothes is a little bit
more humanizing even though the sex is
overdone that's a great point like when
Emilia Clarke plays that you're not just
looking at a piece of meat you're
looking at when I play you're looking at
a piece of me where you want you there's
no totally objectified that's right so
you know another interesting thing that
I think defends my not liking Game of
Thrones that much is that according to a
study done last July by E score
Democrats tend to love Game of Thrones
they rated as their favorite show
they're most passionate about it and
Republicans don't and it's unclear by
the numbers it might just be the
Republicans or less
turn it about it obviously a lot of
Republicans are watching it because
there are tens of millions of viewers
but but there is a whole element of
feminist fantasy world and the thing
they wasn't at the beginning but there
is now I noticed that no spoilers but
some of the lines from the episodes that
I've watched are you know you can't a
little girl will say you can't tell me
that I can't fight I'll go out there and
I'll fight just as well as anybody she
was a size I mean you could flick her
away with your finger basically yeah
that's right you know it's funny it
wasn't like that in the beginning at the
beginning the women were clever and
smart and seductive and they could
maneuver politically with their wits but
then they introduced a lot of characters
who can fight like men which I just kind
of tuned out because I just don't
believe it that's right that's right and
the complaints from both sides from the
left and the right and the Christians
and the atheists and so on or or the
treatment of women you know obviously we
see there's a little bit of a feminist
injection with women being able to fight
physically like men but here's from the
American thinker from a conservative
outlet there's absolutely nothing in the
show thus far to suggest that the author
or maybe the director has what would be
considered by any well-adjusted person a
healthy sexuality I've seen prostitution
adultery incest rape homosexuality and
except for a couple of rapes I've never
seen any sexual acts committed by a
husband their wife was a fair enough
point yeah New York Times obviously a
former newspaper and coming from the
other side from the fake news side of
the aisle says rape is often presented
in television plot lines but critics of
Game of Thrones fear that rape has
become so pervasive that it is almost a
background noise routine and unshockable
on why does Game of Thrones feature so
much sexual violence and a left.we
writer at Huffington Post and I think
this starts to get at the heart of the
matter
says my feminist opinions ruined Game of
Thrones for me and my boyfriend
The Guardian hammering in a little bit
more on this point that would be
assigned to the boyfriend yeah that's
gonna be a long life otherwise yeah
update my ex boyfriend yeah but the
Guardian hones and I think fully on this
point a feminist writer there says Game
of Thrones too much racism and sexism so
I stopped watching I don't really know
where the racism came in
and she doesn't really describe it but
she says it is strange to quit a show
after putting so much time into it I
also decided to skip the final season of
Mad Men having long ago lost interest in
the weekly display of misogyny and the
ill-will that don draper visits upon
everyone around him
I am a quote I'm exhausted by the
triumph of men at the expense of women
as a narrative device it's like we do
not want to watch the world as it is
that's exactly and they certainly don't
want to watch the world without
technology when everyone is at war
because an important point rape is often
in television plot lines and I don't
want to watch men dominate women
probably best not to watch movies about
ancient warfare yes in fantastical land
you know I once explained this to an
executive that at sci-fi actually the
sci-fi TV channel she was complaining
about this I said well they didn't have
guns so when you don't have guns women
can't defend themselves against men and
she said well you just to write it that
way
and I said then it would be a good show
but not a great show good would be
dishonest you know but that didn't
register with her that's because left us
do not want to see the truth they think
that they are transforming the world by
lying about it that's what political
correctness is that's right and it's the
same response to both sides to people
who say Game of Thrones is exploitive in
its in a sexuality perhaps it is a bit
perhaps television is a little
exploitative but you know there is a
reality that's being presented in this
in this fantastical world and reality is
what makes art worth watching and
experiencing no question about it but
you know I think I think we have we have
a better way to produce to introduce
fantasy worlds I think we have a much
better way I get to you know George
george RR martin says rape and sexual
violence have been a part of every war
ever fought from the sumerians to the
present to a myth them would be
fundamentally false and dishonest I
agree with that
there is another partially realistic and
partially fantastical piece that
includes all of these scary and
realistic and wonderful things but it's
much much better than Game of Thrones
that's absolutely true and it's the next
book by Andrew flavin it's another
Kingdom that we are producing as a
podcast you and I together are producing
this as a podcast and we'll be releasing
I hope in a couple of weeks we'll start
to
release it and people will actually get
to see this book develop in real time
it's pretty cool yeah cuz we you know we
just recorded the first chapter with
what's really cool is that we're
releasing it in real time so we'll be or
I won't be writing anything because as
you saw from my last book it's not my
forte but but you'll be you know you'll
be writing and we'll it'll be very live
and very fresh and it's really good the
first chapter I really loved it and and
you know listen I'm never going to work
in Hollywood again after recent
social-democrat so it's nice to have a
job I'm going to create your accent
absolutely nothing all right knows it's
great to see a good luck with the show I
of course won't be listening because I
don't care what you have to say but
everybody else does
I will actually listen to it I'm sure
it'll be great good luck all right thank
you stuff I like you know it really is
true it really is true did like the left
will not watch the world as it is they
think that somehow it's offensive this
is the whole thing whenever whenever
there's a scandal because of something
some right winger said it's always
because he said something obviously true
men and women are different or you know
crimes or black people create committed
disproportionate amount of crimes
nothing well that's racist life reality
can't be racist does it doesn't make any
sense whatsoever so this week on stuff I
like I want to talk about politically
incorrect masterpieces things that are
actually great in their field but nobody
kind of gives them their due anymore
because they are politically incorrect
the first one is gone with the wind
how many people have seen gone with the
wind all right awesomeness in gone women
Jess come on
this is I mean there is no list of the
10 greatest films ever made
that can't include gone with the wind it
is one of the greatest films and it goes
on forever it's like four hours long I
have seen it maybe five times and every
time like The Godfather
you cannot stop watching it is about the
Civil War it's about the it basically
romanticizes the south of all ideas it's
a civilization that has gone with the
wind and it is it centers around
Scarlett O'Hara this kind of spoiled
planted daughter of a plantation and
Rhett Butler a kind of noble thief I
guess you would call him he's a guy who
lives on the edge who
but you know basically is looking for
the cause that will make him make him
whole and he falls in love with her and
she falls in love with him and not it's
politically incorrect in every way first
of all there's no question that it
depicts slaves from the point of view of
white people you know there's good
slaves and bad slaves dumb slaves lazy
slaves and good Slee own and powerful
intelligence like but they're all
depicted by white people it has nothing
to do with what it is actually like to
be enslaved which by the way was a very
complicated thing because like like the
Hebrews led out of Egypt there were
blacks who after the war missed the
world of slavery I mean that's the
slavery I think is very natural not to
black people not the Hebrews but to
people I mean teaching people freedom is
one of the hardest things we have done
in the West and you can see it how easy
it slips away the minute they start
offering you free stuff you know so it
depicts slaves but it depicts slaves
there's no question from the outside not
from the inside but the other thing of
course is this relationship between a
powerful man and a very sexy seductive
and clever girl and he uses his power
his physical power on her and her desire
for him and she uses her attraction to
control them and there's this bait real
power struggle that goes on throughout
the course of the Civil War here is a
scene where the very famous scene where
Clark Gable Rhett Butler is basically
flirting with her and she is flirting
with him and she's wearing black I think
because one of them one of her students
has died and so and so here is a very
famous scene where they first are
getting together but what I really can
go on accepting these gifts no you are
off because I'm not kind not just
tempting you I never give anything
without expecting something in return I
always get paid you think i'ma do just
pay for the bonnet I won't
don't flatter yourself I'm not a married
man well I won't kid you part either
open your eyes and look at me no I don't
think I will kiss you although you need
kissing badly that's what's wrong with
you you should be kissed and often and
by someone who knows how when I was
using you are the proper person that
might be it the right moment if again
you're gonna conceited black-hearted
vomit wet but I don't know why I let you
come and see me I'll tell you eyes got
it because I'm the only man over sixteen
in under sixty he was around Egeria or
good diet the complexity of this
relationship which goes on for four
hours is so intense it includes scenes
that would never ever be written today
even in Game of Thrones sexual
interchanges between them where one
sometimes one has the upper hand and
sometimes the other has the upper hand
and where things are misunderstood and
understood it's just a it's a beautiful
powerful film and so incredibly
entertaining and when you watch it and
you should watch it if you haven't seen
Gone with the Wind you should definitely
watch gone with wind you will see the
confronting these things because the
left has simplified everything - good
and bad left good right bad that simply
has nothing to do with real life as it
is lived and they insist on it and when
we interrupt it they go nuts
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we will be back again
tomorrow as the Clavin 'list week ends
and drifts into just an evil memory and
our Clavin full week begins I'll see you
tomorrow
Oh
