leftists are attacking president Trump's
defense of Western civilization while
defending left-wing Muslim activists
Linda's archers call for jihad against
the president left to say the president
supported the West's racist at the
anti-semitic terrorist sympathizing
Sharia loving saucers call for jihad is
just a fun playful Italian chic way of
demanding the destruction of America
through violence all in all let this
seem to have developed a general
hostility toward the Western values that
created them strange attraction to the
values of the Islamists threatening to
kill them let this feel they must
destroy biblical religion in order to
establish brotherly love that is the
linchpin of biblical religion and
they're attacking America in their
demands for a level of multiculturalism
that exists only in America they're
using their smartphones which are the
creation of capitalism to spread the
word against Candle ISM so that we can
all be more free by eliminating Western
values who tell the way freedom on the
other hand they condemn bigotry against
Islamists who are bigoted against
everyone who disagrees with them and
they oppose the marginalization of
homosexuals who Islam would put to death
in the name of feminism they elevate
women like Linda Sarsour who believe in
Sharia law which strips women of all
their rights this is the last way of
bringing more multiculturalism to the
world by supporting a religion that
seeks to destroy every culture with its
own now you may say but hold on just a
second here
what are these leftist idiots dirtbags
idiot
they're fags the brains of those little
insects that look like armadillos and
the morals of a dirtbag insect I left
this without any morals why would love
to suppose all the things that have
given them the very values they're
fighting for and support a woman who
despises every single thing they believe
in are they some kind of Nuttall heads
nitwit nincompoops gormless allocated
crackpots without the sense God gave a
headless chicken or like one I'm glad
you asked
truth is let this heat the West because
the West didn't or we share the values
of the West with everyone in the West
which was against the values of the West
so the left wants to destroy the West so
no one has those values they want
everyone to share
once the left is extended Western
tolerance to include Islamist communists
masks fascists so they can destroy the
Western tolerance they want everyone to
have there will be no more Western
tolerance for anyone to have and then
everyone will allow the quality of
Western value that will be destroyed
with the West so that no one is equality
only then when the left is laid waste to
the west will the perfect utopia of
Western values be G this explains why I
left this is so angry all the time
because nothing they say makes any sense
it's frustrating for them trigger
warning
Andrew Clayton and this is the engine
plate of shell is tickety-boo there's a
wing we also say missus you can t go
over the zip anything it's a one
hooray right mailbag day
yeah yeah that's right all your
questions answered all the answers
guaranteed correct and Dave will change
your life
on occasion for the better sometimes
it's just as a culture of this get into
that of course we have to talk about
blue apron which brings restaurant level
meals to your home it's the number one
fresh ingredient recipe delivery service
in the country and it deserves to be
this stuff is so good what they do is
they send you these fresh ingredients
all measured out they give you
incredibly simple instructions you get
together in the kitchen with your family
cook these up follow the instruction
cook them up and get a meal seriously it
is not like a home-cooked meal
it is a home-cooked meal but it is also
a restaurant level meal and it's not
that expensive about 10 bucks for each
person per meal it has they've
established partnerships with over 150
local farms fisheries and ranchers
across the United States and as a result
the seafood is sourced sustainably under
standards developed in partnership with
the Monterey Bay Aquarium Seafood Watch
beef chicken and pork couple responsibly
raised animals products and source from
farms that practice regenerative farming
and because the waiter shifts the exact
amount of each ingredient supply poor
recipe they're reducing food waste which
also is good produce because you're not
stuck with a lot of materials that you
can't use here are a couple of things
they got on their upcoming meals I got
this incredible array and it changes all
the time credible array of menus and
meals they have now seared chicken and
creamy pasta salad with summer squash
and sweet peppers I know you were going
to make that anyway but this is it
really does elevate the kind of who
journey creamy shrimp rolls or pickles
and sheep potato wedges fresh basil
fettuccine pasta with sweet corn and
cubanelle pepper
even if cubanelle pepper finish work
shea butter sakes and parmesan today as
I said you can hear just from the way it
sounds that you are going to be getting
incredible needles right there in their
home you can check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals for free
with free shipping by going to blue
apron comm slash Angelo I have to you
sell this stuff you want to welcome you
free food
that's like Hello these pools my
audience always like I'm going up to the
free food you will love how good it
feels and tastes agree incredible
home-cooked meals with Blu ray throw a
coat of blue apron comm / Andrew it's a
better way to cook better as well good
stuff so does anybody remember remember
Cindy she it was formerly a diabetic
scare doesn't like it
Cindy should you remember you today I am
not even sure you alive 2005 it was like
Sydney she in 2005 summer of 2010
condition was the big story Cindy she
had practically lost the Sun in the Iraq
war but she decided and she went a
little nuts really but she decided she
was going to go out and protest where
George W Bush was suffering at his ranch
this was enormous story Maureen Dowd
where piece saying well if you have lost
a child then your moral authorities
absolutely we think about that man from
oral party
city's youth mala particles absolutely
this is so big and it was every newscast
every day the lead story and you were
seeing
so it's couple of heroes like you know
maybe 100 people I don't know parked
outside Dave peace movement with words
of English left out Brazil summer ended
and nobody paid attention to this that's
the thing summers the silly season
there's not a lot of news legislators
brought home and all this so nothing's
really going on so they just cover
whatever
Willeford Republicans it's not that they
cover any silly story they cover any
silly story making bullard Republicans
right look city should be built
when George W Bush left office and Obama
came and she went after Obama she went
after well she said he was a worst war
criminal in george w bush or at least as
bad no Bert vanish she suddenly her
absolute world or it disappeared all I'm
saying is you're all you're hearing is
the Russian what the Ryan's are coming
we should have started with that where
is the Russians you know if you get to
the whole show to display it over and
over and over again
you know this is so this is when you're
hearing your Donald Trump little dated
event and now it's treason is collusion
all this up play I'll try and get to
this it you know I want to say it's a
nothing burger it's a goalkeeper it's
like you know the National Review kind
of their kind of the last bastion of the
never Trump chompers and they wrote this
piece this was a disgrace for me said
dope you know it's like a filthy thing a
guy the guy called it's like some rock
singer told their promoter who Donald
Trump jr. knew that this woman had
information coming from the crown the
crown prosecutor of Russia which is
equal a job it doesn't exist there is
not round there's no problem Russian
anymore so that could be a crap process
do all I made up stuff and you know big
Donald Trump you're maybe not the
brightest you know the sharpest knife in
the drawer I don't know you might not
like to see these things it experience
that's all of that before we get in this
now because I just think it's but what
I'm saying is by mid-september this is
in order to exist and if it does it's
just going to be because these guys
cannot
out of this tank nothing else Democrat
sentiment becomes this is the this is
what we've got a plan
they don't have an idea they don't have
a program everything they did Obamacare
failed all their overseas stuff that
resulted in them you know fire the
Middle East virtual relationships in the
Middle East Iran is terrorist state
rising to power forming the new
relationship with Russia that is that
forming in relationship with Russia that
Donald Trump's well that was Obama's
fall off this stuff and the only thing
you could do
Obama could do to distract people to the
packet every density bail was play the
race card
evil police are killing black people all
over America so now killings of police
have gone up that's another part of the
Obama legacy that wonderful legacy that
we're all so sorry the Donald Trump is
getting rid of all become Donald Trump
jr. went to a meeting you probably
should move on to want and we're not
being happen that's what they've got
I mean region over you but I think is
the stupidest it's funny I should say
it's looking stupid ass article but it
says something very smart that it
doesn't know it's saying so you can
guess right away that it comes from
knucklehead well the New York Times
op-ed page we need be a musical stinger
mmm that's all go do nothing that broke
again I think like once a week we just
get the stupidest article in New York
Times often this is this article from
David Brooks let me find out it's called
I think it's called we are destroying
America it was very it's very subtle you
know how we are ruining America
that's it was fun how we're ruining
America and he talks about the fact that
it's not like that rich people all live
together and basically get sent and they
dedicate themselves to their kids that's
not fair because then the kids go on and
they become the next
because their parents have taken care of
them while four people having kids out
of wedlock and you know not baby as much
attention but very goes on to say that
they're not just elevating your own kids
because you kind of begrudgingly says
can't blame them for that the worst
thing that they're doing is they're
keeping people from rising up okay he
says he says the most important way they
do this is through residential zoning
restrictions well-educated people tend
to live in places like Portland New York
in San Francisco let's just stop there
from early notice that David Brooks
doesn't notice Portland New York or San
Francisco these are all part of new
builds RFC's I mean if you had to pick
three maybe four Seattle in there too
these are the three most important DIA
New York and San Francisco span and
these are the places where liberals go
to live so they tend to live in places
like Portland yogic San Francisco have
housing and construction rules that keep
the poor and less educated away from
places with good schools of their job
opportunities isn't that strange even a
sense of these liberals who welcome for
and love the outcasts you know this is
rare you go if you want to get away from
everybody else in the same thing by the
way with these guys we so-called liberal
geniuses in Silicon Valley who want to
get everybody a guaranteed income
because that way it would be quiet
you'll go away you will take their
billions away you know you will eat your
job you'll just go and take your opiates
and die young and live off this thing
and go away you know that's basically
the idea I haven't got any our plan
we've got jobs for is it just give you
some money and you'll go away so he goes
on and talks about this in many hands
what it's got to be movie debut books
classic so this is X
he's talking about the fact that she
isn't always talking about that this he
thinks is just talking about rich people
because Oliver Cooper females are
leftist he's owned it he listens when he
says he's only talking about left this
is simply left this day it is not the
way all rich people behave I know plenty
of rich people were not left they drove
a truck races recently I took a friend
with only a high school degree too much
this was probably taken with only a high
school degree lunch day little David
gross Chris first of all I don't believe
he has a friend of a and probably
because a friend who only has eyes for
insensitivity said he says this is a
confessional I led her into a gourmet
sandwich what was he what was he chosen
thousand woman won't he thanks for the
brief points Munich maneuver her way
through the complications of a gourmet
sandwich shop this is this I mean you
can't make this stuff up suddenly I saw
he says David I saw her face freeze up
she was confronted with sandwiches named
Petrino and Totoro and ingredients like
Prasanna capicola and austria a big
baguette I mean these are the things
look she learned in college if you want
to help a high school you know I love I
went to college I have a college degree
I learned about gourmet sandwiches I
took I took a three semester class in
gourmet sandwiches and Howard Peter menu
I would any of adrenal bondage but I am
able to call over a waitress and say
what sin is and usually on every menu on
earth there is a line underneath that
tells you a song she says he says I
quickly asked asked her if she wanted to
go somewhere else and she anxiously
naughty guest is for little person acts
not meaning Mexican wasn't that bigger
than these people are there let me know
you wonder these people are living in a
bubble they are living in a bowl and it
was just absolutely amazing
so basically what he's saying is left is
creating a language a way of life the
beautiful thing you know they that's so
beautiful
that only they can live in it in your
keep you know we're keeping out the Guru
in America by keeping out the underclass
the fools the two are the people who
can't figure out what's in the sandwich
it's these are status you know if she
calls them I love it and it is it is
tell me about what is happening in the
news I'm going to discuss that in just a
moment at first and that's its
assessment Norfolk now here's the thing
here's the thing mortgages right I've
always liked this is probably big most
of us this is the biggest transaction
we're ever gonna make the biggest Sunil
transacted buying and you get a mortgage
we use this word mortgage which only
refers this one thing the only mortgages
only refer to this kind of loan but all
it is is you're borrowing money and
borrowing money Kozma that's that simple
when you borrow money you're paying
somebody you use their to temporarily
use their money that's what it is so it
makes a lot of sense that you want to
pay them less Stu's they're running the
less you pay them to use their money the
more money you can get and Luis's is
free were paying back the money that is
why there is Lending Tree in each recom
where you can compare all the different
acts and it's very likely that your bank
will be on you the bank you're going to
go to anyway will be on here so you can
go online and compare all the prices
average Lending Tree customer can save
twenty thousand dollars over the life of
their loan now for those of you who only
high school education $20,000 is a lot
of money that's for door opens percent
which is that you can buy at the average
of means half their customers are saving
even more than that so whether you're
looking for a new mortgage to be
financed home equity loan Lending Tree
is the only place where you get to find
real offers from America's top lenders
who can compare them side-by-side for
three and it only takes three minutes
and takes a few minutes it's like
shopping for flights online same thing
except you're shopping for the best
movie with you shopping through the best
loan rates always go up and down the
regardless of what's happening with the
rates you can always get the right offer
for you with Lending Tree dot-com if
you're not sure you have the best deal
find out how much you can save today
Lending Tree calm / Claver
spell in case you've only a high school
education is KL a B as in Victor am
UMass the later sort of means it's
Lending Tree the Strom substance rx is
the secretive target live ever again
Lending Tree calm / clay the Lending
Tree LLC MLS number one one three six
terms and conditions apply
I have to tell you that it's all there
on the site Lending Tree calm / Fagan
find out how much you can save
when you buy a house now we are going to
say goodbye the Facebook and YouTube and
what that means is on Facebook and
YouTube and get the first portion of our
show on video or free response speaking
slowly ace you've been out with David
Brooks and you now feel so much stupider
than you were before but you can
understand what I'm saying but if you
want to continue to watch the show
you'll continue to listen to the show
you come over and over to the daily wire
calm if you buy just watch nothing
subscribe subscribe ten it's a lousy ten
bucks a month if you subscribe for a
year you get you left this to yours ma
you have fish about this Cheers
mom I mean this this has good stuff just
all good strings out the steers keeps my
coffee warm it's great stuff and it
looks it over come on over to the daily
water comment subscribe
so that's so true very quickly what's
happening the psalm from punitive Lee he
put out emails we were talking about
this yesterday basically we got the
scheme out in the skies and a crown
prosecutor of Russia and they're coming
up at the Hawaii honestly people
hopefully it wouldn't surprise me the
whole thing was a setup it was meant to
look bad because who benefits from
Wallace better the smallest charges and
counter-charges and all this stuff it's
it's basically the Russians are dining
out on this so you think if we just
forgot about this would they be happy or
no they're happier that we're all in
each other's throats about this so
Donald Trump jr. went on went ins
meaning nothing happened the woman who
brought up some completely other
subjects as Magnitsky act or something
and he walked out and character she
walked out after ten minutes and Paul
buses mini metaphor it was there was on
his phone the whole time
so here's Donald Trump jr. last night on
the Hannity show acknowledging that this
was some of the so you think in
retrospect I probably would have done
things a little differently again this
is before the Russia mania this is
before they were building it up in the
press for me this was opposition
research they had something you know
maybe concrete evidence to all the
stories I'd been hearing about but they
were probably underreported for you know
years not just during the campaign so I
think I wanted to hear it out but really
it went nowhere and it was apparent that
that wasn't what the meeting was
actually about okay live it let me ask a
hypothetical I know hypotheticals maybe
you've thought about it since and since
this has now become Russia collusion
Russia collusion and etc did you ever
meet with any other person from Russia
that you know you know I don't even know
I was probably met with other people
from Russia I mean is really not and not
in the context of actual a formalized
meeting or anything like that because
why would I you know in the grand scheme
of things how busy we were it was much
more important to doing that this was a
courtesy to an acquaintance now I want
to say you know he made a jokey movie
with this
Asian about the meetings questions about
whether that I can't see any illegality
here or anything like that and remember
all of this is wrapped in this fantasy
narrative that Bruton and Trump were
somehow colluding to destroy the
electoral system that's the fantasy
narrative it's all right they get that
fantasy away and it's just a bunch of
different things that happen some $100
some over here remember remember the
Democrats the Democrat donors Hillary
Clinton P an operative to get this
information from Russia remember that
whole thing about chomping prostitutes
in the hotel rich Little's then went to
Comey encoding use that to start
investigation and the Kobe in subs been
leaking information that we know it was
classified information these memos are
supposed to have contained classified
information so these guys are completely
blowing this the Democrats are
completely blowing the flow of
information by let's not think that for
one moment that the Democrats are going
to overreact to this information about
bomb country or is there we have that
was structure might as well s listen to
King nothing is proven yet but we're now
beyond obstruction of justice in terms
of what's being investigated this is
moving into perjury false statements and
even if the 1020 treason treason is
treason had a meeting otherwise phrase
here is Jonathan Chile who is a lucky
law profession responding he's a left
winger he has up some libertarian
leanings from George Washington
University here he is responding to a
boss like we have this giant war Shack
test where everyone seizing plots and
seize crimes everywhere I mean the
criminal code is defined elements to it
you just don't find these ambiguous
crimes some people have said this could
be treason for the love of God treason
is defined in the Constitution this is
not treason other people have said this
could be a Logan Act violation well
Logan Act has been used once in 200
years and is facially unconstitutional
one said well if you take a
things of tangible value under the
campaign laws and treat information like
that then maybe you have a campaign
contribution violation well yeah but we
haven't seen that done you can also
treat it like a panda and say it's an
endangered species violation but courts
haven't done that so I think that people
need to take a breath you know this was
a meeting where someone said they had
evidence of a possible crime by the
opponent of the Trump campaign they met
with this person I think a lot of people
in the city view that as naive I think a
lot of people say my God why didn't you
use a surrogate which is how it's done
in Washington but that itself is not a
crime so why are they over yonder over
ravenously I'm not they didn't have
nothing you go forward proceed judicious
stately way to gather evidence that they
know destroying the surrounding
narrative but is making this giving the
story since of importance similarly we
heard it started so the surrounding
narrative doesn't exist the whole from
you know and Boris badenov Natasha spy
story is all nonsense we have to censor
you Jenna this is stereo no let me show
you how they do this before I do go I
suppose play Ted Cruz because head Cruz
made the essential point that trumps
substantial Trump administration
substantial policy orientation with
Russia has not been Pleasant for
Vladimir Putin so everything else
they're talking about any stupid remarks
Trump may be making stupid remarks about
Russia and that would be a strong leader
and all this stuff
I think stupid remarks he may have
nothing to do with the actual policies
of the administration
so here's Ted Cruz explaining if you
look at what happened with Russia Russia
invades Ukraine and the Obama
administration does nothing is utterly
ineffective you have John Kerry saying
he desperately wants to provide Putin
with an off-ramp dissident Trump is
trying to water down a sanctions bill
that you voted or
didn't want an off-ramp and the policies
of the Obama administration work
weakness and appeasement you know one of
the best things recently announced was
the Trump administration's intention to
go forward with placing anti-missile
anti-ballistic missile batteries in
Poland the Czech Republic those were
scheduled to go in ten years ago and in
2009 in the opening weeks of the Obama
administration Barack Obama and Hillary
Clinton cancelled the anti-ballistic
missile batteries in Poland and the
Czech Republic why because they wanted
to appease Putin they wanted to appease
Russia and Russia didn't want those
batteries to go in I'm glad that the
Trump administration is returning to a
common sense defense of our allies
against our adversaries and substance
matters policy matters which fell asleep
wrestle before they reported something
like 52% of the evening news was about
this meeting that Donald Trump jr. about
50 I think I thought that maybe is 56%
even see the middle is enormous number
52 56 well I can't find it right now it
was it was over 50%
54% very bright bikinis 170 54% of the
evening coverage was about this I mean
that is an amazing amazing stat I want
okay before I get to the nail language I
really have to get quickly we were at a
time but before I get to Justin I just
wish you will play what we cut a Stephen
Colbert you watched on the screen these
audience and what to think
now we're cover this is that's a nice
shirt I don't know this is the or
related literature what is now so this
is on CBS this is supposed to be an
entertainment we tune in the end of the
day you've a long day you're going to
day work wouldn't somebody make you
laugh here is Stephen Colbert
teaching these oils how to react to this
there is no evidence of collusion or
even the desire to collude with the
Russians by anyone in the Trump campaign
it is something that was true 48 hours
ago
because now yeah
right
we learned yesterday that on June 9th of
last year Donald Trump jr. met with a
Russian lawyer after being promised
damaging information on Hillary Clinton
Wow
you yeah yeah yeah you took the view
right out of my mouth you I mean you
could knock me over with whatever you
use to knock over someone who isn't the
least bit surprised everything with the
family that you think is turns out to be
the meeting took place at Trump Tower
and included Jared Kushner and then from
campaign manager Paul Manafort and
proves that at least some in the
campaign were willing to accept Russian
help so it's not a smoking gun but it is
a gun meeting with a Russian bullet
about their mutual desire to smoke from
Ricardo how would you describe atheism
is it an ideology or just a lack of
belief in God it's a good question on
you know if atheist wedding ISM is an
ideology you get something that looks
like the Marquis de Sade I believe we
should kill it we should be allowed to
murder each other
torture each other if they gave us
pleasure that's where we get the word
sadism the problem with most atheists as
they really have not bought out the
mummification stuff their organs and
really but not if you know if they have
this propaganda then this is the way the
left operates but it's not necessarily
the left there's this propaganda that
basically if you're cystic ated
scientifically minded person you do not
believe in God that's that's the whole
thing as pure propaganda that is not
logical it does not follow I had that
time to follow the logic all the way
down true logic through logically
science is invented in the West we
reason every single person who invented
what we now think of it science as a
Christian is
cause it was a Christian philosophy the
Christian worldview which was based on
Aristotle who you can see I don't know
if the camera takes attendees now on our
mental t0 the fireplace of ourselves it
is linked from Aristotle to the Quietus
this Christian idea it really led to
science and when you get rid of God you
really cannot believe morality and when
you can't believe in morality men market
Assad is right that's why iPhone the
only idiots I ever trusted I believe his
philosophy makes sense if you want to
kill your neighbor for your pleasure
so basically what I say is most people
don't believe in God because they are
lost in the fog and modern fault they
have not bought it through for
themselves but there are people I like
the marketing design who had lifted
atheism to the level of a philosophy and
people are out of their minds and like
the sight is crazy
not bad that's what a person believed
their supreme leader k LVN I like it
leaves out the nouns very funny I
recently saw an article from CNN that's
it drinking coffee will help you live
longer I drink a lot of coffee close to
two packs a day has gonna live forever
until sighs tomorrow
given how inaccurate CNN is should I be
worried about chop you deaf anyone but
don't get me wrong it's not definite
scare he is selling before I find out
when the podcast will be on The Daily
wire respectively Dan another man yeah
you know all I can tell you is every
piece of nutritional advice was given to
these of trials now complete country and
I want always eggs-actly I didn't
every Sun rotates and I cut down on eggs
because they told you that they gave you
high cholesterol now they tell you can
cholesterol you just inherited all I can
titles for me a cup of coffee cups of
coffee a day does it but a you know
anything in excess is gonna be bad
that's my best my actually even up
carrots they're going to say can I do
one more yeah sure
there's a good one Supreme Lord Clayton
do you believe I like the faculties
kinda seems like real titles that never
given to you and you did a lot out okay
once the other hand of course you ruin
your car suppose I'm the supreme warrior
Clavin do you believe L is real I am a
devout follower I select a different
plan grasping the concept of hell you
know I try very hard not too much about
the details of the afterlife because
this light completely absorbs me and
it's hard enough to live well without
wondering about things you do not know I
have read a lot about this subject
having said that I've heard a lot about
this subject because I've always
wondered if it's possible when Jesus
said he would be cast into the fire he
meant you destroyed in other words that
there was a whole be part of viewing an
eternal part of you we can virtually
move will continue on as a metro but if
you let it die there'll be nothing left
that there is a word for that at all I
can remember solving lots of
destructions or something like that you
know that you get destroyed unless
you're saying other people say no the
point about Hell though is it is not
somewhere that you are sent with the Sun
but it is a way that you did and when
you look at and when you look at way
people that you can see people with you
see living in Hell now then people need
that light continues there's nothing
with it there's nothing to say they will
continue to live like that fall into
eternity there are some people who say
because God's love and forgiveness is
infallible and never-ending that you can
still get out hell afterwards
these are all questions I don't know the
answer to my trust is in God approve my
trust as
leave that you know life is not like you
my best favorite person acting - Bravo
that man is going to know to follow God
I trust and don't believe that life is a
game show here can get the question
wrong you know the trapdoor opens up
underneath you and you're dropped into
damnation I don't believe this is all a
big joke I believe that means that our
reason was given to us for a personal
reason can distinguish what it is to
live according to God's with that's what
I believe so that I think do that and I
am believe Alan Doyle how's that skirt
if follow and follow God use your reason
and your love and your Bible was
followed on it pretty sure you won't end
up in hell and if you do the daily wire
will send you your money back that's not
going to be alright stuff I like all
week long we've been talking about the
movies that I saw a baby driver and
ghost story at the movies that we're in
genre but if not fulfill requirements of
the genre this is one of my big beats
okay
hey if you want to do something special
new big with a genre first I believe and
we're going a great movie by the great
book you have to book fill the
requirements of the Jean so if you're
going to write a ghost story it is not
enough to people founded a ghost story
is a really interesting movie in a movie
to makes you think it's not scary it's
something spooky them have to be a
shocker but it has no is no effect at
all and we represent of that simply the
baby driver it's so stylish it looks so
beautiful
but a plot make some sense the cottage
make no sense and ultimately the
morality of it that doesn't make any
sense if you use that thrill that you
get them a good place will be a good
chase movie here is a movie that shows
you how it's fun and this is Blade
Runner based on philip k dick no this is
one of the best things I saw was a
trailer possible it stinks but it looked
really good at set the other thing about
this is late runner is and you got to
get the one with the voiceover because
really Scott directed it put out a
director stuff and I'm holding
after classes worse than the original
filming the voiceover is so cool because
it was at a company more brogard private
items except except instead of weather
here is an exchange from old from the
big sleep with Bogart and Bacall robust
is it detective it's up at attack of
three years before your private
detective I didn't know they existed
except in books or also a greasy little
man snooping around hotel Carrodus I am
a sideshow I'm not very tall either next
time I come on stilts wear a white tie
and carry a tennis racket I dot up even
that would help now this business of
dead think you can handle it fine it
shouldn't be too tough really I would
have thought a case like that took a
little effort not too much what will
your first deathly the usual one I
didn't know there was a usual sure there
is it comes complete with diagrams I'm
paid 47 of how to be a detective and 10
easy lessons correspondent school
textbook and your father offered me a
drink you must read another one on how
to be a comedian yeah what I said about
the drink I'm quite serious mr. Malla my
father turning off yourself so that has
the tone of great old-fashioned top
talking crimes detective laborer brings
act home into a story about a guy
honking replicants people who think that
they're people but in fact are replicas
some of their robots essentially and he
is having this exchange with Sean young
nephew pleasure and here's the same tone
of voice the same more detective story
opted in to a new level with new ideas
coming up fuckin don't you
look it's me with my mother yeah
remember when you were six you and your
brothers snuck into an empty building
through a basement window you were going
to play doctor he showed you his I got
to be your turn to chicken and ran
remember that you ever tell anybody that
your mother Tyrell anybody you remember
the spider that live in the bush outside
your window orange body green legs
watched her build a web all summer and
one day there's a big aching egg hatched
the egg hatched and 100 baby spiders
came out I ate her implants not your
memory there's somebody else stuff so
here's to my point
baby driver is fashionable and stylish
but it's not a good nice movie Blade
Runner is fashionable and stylish but it
is a good more detective story the ghost
story is interesting and has deep
thoughts in it but it is not a scary
ghost story Blade Runner as interesting
as deep Watson but it really is a good
thriller it's a really good science
fiction for that's how it's done that's
the kind of stuff I like all right
that's my date tomorrow we have the
great Roger Kimball on the last defender
of high western culture just in fighting
the good fight for many years a really
entertaining guy be there I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the animators
Oh
