yes from met with Russian President
Vladimir Putin last week in a confab
that lasted over two hours
ever since then there have been
conflicting reports of what happened
during the exchange
according to Russian sources Putin and
Trump began the meeting by tearing off
their shirts to compare their pectoral
muscles a competition which the Russians
say Putin clearly one with rippling pecs
that were able to make his nipples rise
and fall both individually and together
the New York Times a former newspaper
carefully reported every claim by the
Russians and even consulted a Russian
body language expert I'm actually not
making this part up the experts said
Putin completely triumphed over Trump
though whether he was referring
specifically to the pet contest was not
specified in The Times article or if it
was it was obscured by the fact that I
was wrapping fish in the paper while I
was reading it according to sources
within the Putin camp the meeting
continued with an arm wrestling match
which resulted in the Russian president
winning control over the state of
Arkansas as well as free lap dance
privileges at several roadside
gentlemen's clubs off the interstate
between San Antonio and Albuquerque the
Russian sources say Trump was forced to
beg for mercy from Putin after Putin
quote showed strength like great Russian
bear causing many females to faint in
admiration
unquote a CNN panel discussing the
Russian reports agreed that Trump had
degraded the office of the presidency by
not developing his biceps prior to the
armwrestling match
Chris Cuomo called for an investigation
into whether the Trump campaign colluded
with the Russians in order to throw the
contest and CNN reporter Jim Acosta
demanded Trump put him on camera right
this minute so that everyone could see
what a dynamic journalistic presence he
was a cost to added that is not being on
camera was a threat to the First
Amendment since no one can see him
according to the Russian sources
President Putin scolded President Trump
for sending out mean tweets about the
American media
he explained that that was not as
efficient as poisoning reporters with
plutonium and pushing them out of
windows
according to the Russians President
Trump took careful notes throughout the
exchange and said he wished
all of the plutonium thing himself
sources in the Putin camp said the
meeting ended with President Trump
swearing allegiance to the Russian
government and hoping he could count on
getting as much help in the next
election as Putin had given him in the
last one and promising to consult with
Putin on all major decisions in the
future CNN reporter Jim Acosta reacted
to this report by calling for a full
investigation into why he wasn't on
camera American officials completely
denied the Russian version of events
they said Trump and Putin arranged a
ceasefire in Syria then Trump told Putin
stop mucking with American elections or
he'd knock them into the middle of next
week the officials did however confirm
the Trump took notes during the part
about poisoning reporters with plutonium
and said they look forward to their next
confrontation with Jim Acosta trigger
warning I'm Andrew Klavan
and this is the Andrew Klavan show
