on Thursday President Trump spoke in
Poland where he laid forth his plans for
NATO Article five common defense he said
that the United States quote has
demonstrated not merely with words but
with actions that we stand firmly behind
article 5 our defense is not just a
commitment of money is it it is a
commitment of will Trump went on to
explain quote our own fight for the West
does not begin on the battlefield it
begins with our minds our wills and our
souls he even warned the Russian
government directly quote we urge Russia
to cease its destabilizing activities in
Ukraine and elsewhere Trump also stated
his support for missile defense in
Poland against Russia this should have
been a ringing rebuke to the American
media who have declared Trump a Putin
shill for nearly a year instead the
media decided to focus on the fact that
Trump received warm praise from the
Polish people CNN's actual headlines -
the real headline quote Trump showered
in Polish praise backs NATO's Article
five it's difficult to recall CNN
running a similar headline during
President Obama's magical mystery
European Tour's the media also went nuts
over Trump ripping CNN while overseas
NBC's Chuck Todd tweeted quote a
thrashing of the American press corps
and Intel community in Eastern Europe of
all places could Putin have asked for
anything more
well yes Putin could have asked him or
he could have asked for a president who
wanted to give him flexibility and
withdrew from a missile defense in
Eastern Europe and handed Syria over to
Vladimir Putin he could have asked for
that and actually gotten it it's not
pleasant that President Trump attacks
the media while he's overseas it's
unpresidential but I mean this is Donald
Trump's is that any giant shock but the
media's willingness to ignore the real
story in Poland that Trump forcefully
chided his supposed conspirators in
election hacking the segment saying with
a missile defense system to defend
against them that he went after their
aggression in Ukraine in Syria that's
the real story they took material steps
to check those territorial ambitions
Ciena ignores all of that the media
ignore all of that because they are more
interested in getting President Trump
even over stupid issues i'm ben shapiro
this is the venture hero show
okay so if you don't know anything about
wine we're going to just straight it and
thank our sponsors over at wink if you
don't know anything about wine if you
are invited over to meet us for dinner
and you don't know wine from a bottle of
Quetta maghreb juice very Jewish
reference then you need to go to winks
calm because wink calm not only allows
you to get an inexpensive terrific
bottle of wine it also tells you what
kind of wine your friends will like and
that you will like you actually go on
their it profiles your taste palate
tells you kind of what wine goes with
what food and they recommend a wine just
for you it's try wink calm t ry winc
calm you take that brief palate profile
quiz and they recommend a distinct and
interesting wine customized to your
palate shipped directly to you right now
wink is offering listeners a 20 bucks
off your first order when you go to try
blink comm slash been try wink comm
slash been again it's winc comm slash
been they'll even cover the cost of
shipping
try wyndcomm slash pin you get that
complimentary shipping you get that $20
off your first to order and these
bottles are like 10 bucks apiece so
pretty great deal try blink calm and
make sure that you never show up at
somebody's house with a crappy bottle of
wine again instead bring the wine that
will have them all talking that you will
enjoy as well so even if you don't like
their company you can at least get drunk
off to one and really enjoy try winks
calm / Ben go over and check it out for
that you also use the flash pens that
they know that we sent you okay so
president Trump is over in Poland and
he's been speaking over in Poland about
missile defense and about Russian
aggression and about article 5 so for
months we've heard that President Trump
was going to a draw from NATO now some
of this was Trump's own fault he kept
talking about how NATO was useless and
obsolete now didn't pay their bills well
now he finally goes where it is
necessary for him to go to talk about
NATO and that is the countries that
border the Russia that would like to
invade Eastern Europe so he went over to
Poland you recall when President Obama
was president he helped dismantle a
missile defense system in Poland he took
it out of Poland they were defended
against Russian aggression Trump goes
over there and he says we are going to
help you reinstall that missile defense
system against Russia then he says we
want Russia to stop its territorial
ambitions in Ukraine and in Syria so in
other words this is not spoken like a
guy who spends his days
coordinating with Vladimir Putin on just
what Vladimir Putin wants but that is
not stopping the media from portraying
it that way to the media are fully
invested at this point there's
illusional okay we have a delusional
media and a delusional left they are
fully invested in the idea to twofold
idea number one Hillary didn't actually
lose and number two Trump is going to be
impeached at any moment these two ideas
are related but the idea is that Hillary
didn't actually lose because she could
never be beaten by a dunderhead like
Trump therefore it must have been that
Trump was colluding with Russia and
therefore we are going to search for
evidence of that collusion even where
none exists the Trump is out there
saying all of this anti-putin stuff it
has to talk about missile defense in a
way that Obama never did
he's never guaranteed flexibility to
Putin in return for anything and yet and
yet the media is treating this as though
Trump actually went there and made a
stop to Putin
so Adam Schiff is on CNN he's on CNN
every two minutes Adam Schiff because
apparently he just lives next to the
camera for CNN at the Capitol he
actually sleeps on the floor like he's
sleeping out of the Thanksgiving Day
Sale and he and then they wake him they
wake him up in Adam Schiff pops up put
on a little makeup and goes on TV Adam
Schiff he says well you know what Trump
was really doing here is he refused to
acknowledge Russian hacking of the
election so it's true during the press
conference Trump was asked about Russia
and their interference in the election
now number one Russia didn't actually
hack the election a CNN reporter named
Chris Chalisa was on all over Trump he
said Trump wouldn't acknowledge that
Russia half the election Russia didn't
hack the election if anything Russia
worked with WikiLeaks to interfere in
the election by getting a bunch of
emails from DNC and then weaponizing
them for release during the election
cycle undermining election credibility
but there's no evidence of collusion
social leza is wrong but Adam Schiff
says because Trump refuses to
acknowledge so-called election hacking
he's giving Putin everything he could
possibly want you heard Chuck Todd say
that when Trump attacks the media this
is giving Putin everything that he could
possibly want well how about when Barack
Obama routinely attacked Fox News
throughout his entire presidency was he
giving Vladimir Putin everything that he
wanted it's just possible that Trump may
have a legit complaint and here's the
thing for CNN every time they attack
Trump and suggest that he's in collusion
with Russia and giving Putin what he
wants all they're doing is undermining
their own credibility and lending
credence to everything that Trump says
about CNN
Trump so far has done nothing egregious
in Poland in fact
his initial speech which a lot of people
were concerned about was quite good
right he talked about with clips of yet
but he talked about the the fact that
Western civilization had unite against
the Islamic fascists threat he talked
about how Russia was providing a threat
to Eastern Europe he paid homage to the
heroes of Poland's past right all of
this is great stuff there's nothing
wrong with that at the press conference
he ripped on CNN but at this point
that's wrote okay if you if you're
pretending that you're really shocked by
Trump's behavior it's not something
Trump's behavior is grand or glorious
and attacking American press outlets
while he's on the road but let's be real
about this it is the new normal okay we
can pretend all we want that it's not
the new normal it is the new normal so
why don't we focus on the fact that what
he's actually there to do not rip the
media but talk with the Polish that's
actually going quite well but the media
can never acknowledge that because again
point number one is that they think that
he didn't actually win the election and
point number two is they keep hoping for
this kill shot they keep hoping that the
time will come when they get this one
moment this one grand moment where they
reveal everything there is to know about
Trump and Trump just collapses his
presidency ends and they're basing their
ratings off of this okay this is a
ratings game for MSNBC and CNN proof is
in the pudding okay MSNBC last week
there's the spat between Trump that's
idiotic spat between Trump and Mika
Brzezinski where he was tweeting out
about her bloody facelift and all this
stupid nonsense the day after he tweeted
that morning Joe's ratings one of 70%
you think that MSNBC and CNN are not
invested in the fight with Trump you
wonder why they cover every Trump
tweeted though at the end of the world
one it raises their ratings because
Trump is ratings and two they are hoping
that they're going to stumble upon the
thing that finally ends Trump's rating
that Trump will basically oust himself
they won't have to do anything
Trump will just finish Trump and more
importantly their viewers are hoping
that their viewers are hoping that they
will be watching CNN on the day and time
when the world ends when when Trump's
administration finally collapses none of
that is going to happen and so the
Democrats have built their entire
platform now it's really amazing the
Democrats have built their entire
platform around just hoping that Trump
clocks himself in the face of the
frying-pan they have nothing to present
there is no program there are no ideas
there is no actual agenda the only
agenda is just insulting Trump and
hoping he implodes and saying were not
that guy we're not that guy and then
meanwhile on the other side there
publicans are sitting around going well
at least we're not Democrats to both
sides who are becoming each other at an
incredibly rapid pace right Obamacare is
now being reinsuring by a Republican
Senate Donald Trump's White House chief
strategist Steve Bannon is now talking
about raising taxes on the rich so
Republicans who are becoming Democrats
and Democrats who are hoping to become
Republicans are both pointing at each
other and saying quote least we're not
that guy this is the new politics in the
United States you wonder why people who
like ideas you know I like ideas
why I'm frustrated with the political
situation I'm frustrated because neither
of these things matters okay I am NOT a
Democrat is not a slogan I am NOT a
Republican is not a slogan your idea
should be your slogan what you're going
to do should be your slogan but nobody
talks about any of that crap because we
are so ensconced in this WWE fight fest
where Republicans slap Democrats and
Democrats clap Republicans and then they
all go out for a beer afterward right
all these media members go out for a
beer with each other okay they like each
other this idea the people at Fox News
get don't get along with people on CNN
it may be true for like Sean Hannity who
actually is a true believer but it's not
true for the vast majority of people at
Fox News
those people have friends at CNN people
at MSNBC have friends in the White House
Joe and Mika we're friends with Trump
until literally five seconds ago and now
they're not it's all a game okay it's
all a big game and the only losers are
the American people who are sit here
sitting here wondering okay well you say
you're not a Republican and you say
you're not a Democrat but how are you
different you look exactly the same to
me yeah and it's not just me saying this
okay these are to be actual slogans that
are now being unleashed so yesterday the
Democrats unleashed their new slogan
okay there's a natural bumper sticker
that they are putting out there okay
this is their new democratic slogan we
can we can show it okay the new
democratic slogan really this is a real
thing it's not a parody was Democrats
2018 I mean have you seen the other guys
that's legitimately
what it says on their slogan I mean have
you seen the other guys that's their
slogan so it's not here's what we're
going to do here's why Republicans are
bad it's just Republicans on a crap show
and at least we're not them at least
we're not them they don't have any other
agenda right their only agenda is we
hate Trump and we hate Republican and
they're making this clearer every day
hoping and praying Republicans destroy
themselves and they can just point and
laugh so the Democrats continue to push
for for example a commission on
President on President
hums Fitness okay you're not going to
ask President Trump under the 25th
amendment I know there's this crazy idea
floating around there and Oh Ross dude
had from the New York Times had talked
about it that somebody's going to invoke
the 25th amendment and claim that Trump
is incapacitated he's mentally incapable
of being president the Trump who is now
the president is exactly the same guy
who ran is exactly the same guy he has
been for all 71 years of his life I mean
nothing has changed he's not he's not
senile he's not had a drop off in
capacity if you think his capacity is
not up to snuff it wasn't up to snuff a
year ago either and if you think that he
was perfectly fine a year ago he's
perfectly fine now in any case the
Democrats are pushing really a
commission on presidential fitness they
are trying to claim the Trump is
incapable of actually being president
so Katy tur of NBC even she was looking
at this and going you guys have to be
crazy this is what you're wasting your
time on well of course it does because
the body is contemplated by the
Constitution in the 25th amendment it
was adopted 50 years ago we're in the
50th anniversary of this provision in
the Constitution and it's you know as I
said it's been used multiple times and
so this simply follows through on our
constitutional responsibility I hear you
could also do so far only been signed on
and correct me if I'm wrong by Democrats
Democrats who are controlled Congress
they don't control the Senate they open
show the house they don't control the
White House so there's not any
Republican support do you think that
this is a good use of time right now
well you know things in Congress I do
take time to happen and it's been you
know 50 years of the 25th amendment has
been in place but the body itself would
be nonpartisan it would only be
activated upon bipartisan bicameral
action by Congress so there's nothing
for anybody to be afraid of except for a
presidential incapacity and that's what
the 25th amendment was all about it was
adopted after the assassination of
President Kennedy and of course we've
had multiple assassination and the
assassination attempts take place in our
history we've had lots of presidents
incapacitated by different kinds of
illnesses physical and mental and so on
and so we need to be prepared ok so a
complete waste of time but Democrats are
relying on this because again they're
hoping against hope that there will be
some duets machinae that something comes
down out of the head
saves them from their own incompetence
and you can see their incompetence on
display terry mcauliffe is the the
governor of virginia he's somebody who
wants to run for president in 2020 and
he has asked ok so names and Democratic
leaders like who are the leaders of your
party and here is his attempt to name
Democratic leaders return States who
said no dice you're not getting the data
and you'll never get it governor I never
get to talk to you so you're going to
have to forgive me that when I pressed
you on this a you are a savvy guy you
are plugged in you've been around
democratic politics a long time you no
doubt are having conversations behind
the scenes no doubt those conversations
are being had probably every day who is
the leader of the Democratic Party right
now I think there are many leaders of
the Democratic Party I will always do
get me a name down there give me a name
I'm not going to give oh I'd say the
governor so we're leaving their states
creating jobs building infrastructure
building an education system that works
we have to balance our budgets unlike
Washington they print money they still
can't balance a budget we create jobs we
build infrastructure we do education
governors need to lead the way and
listen I compliment the folks on Capitol
Hill we're doing what they're doing but
you know we need some action out of
Washington to help us compete on a
global basis and today we're not seeing
anything out of Washington broken you
are a governor are you talking about
yourself yeah
oh no I'm chair of the National
Governors Association I love all of our
governor's that we have today
okay so McAuliffe is obviously trying to
say that he's the leader but nobody
believes Terry McAuliffe is the leader
because Terry McAuliffe doesn't even
believe Terry McAuliffe is the leader
the internal McAuliffe is is more
colorless than a glass of water I mean
the guy is just you just dull is
anything that has ever been put on this
earth there are no leaders of the
Democratic Party and so they are based
they're basically running back to that
slogan at least we're not Republicans
now they can do well with that slogan
I'll explain why in a second but first I
want to say thank you to our sponsors
over at frame bridge con so frame bridge
comm is where you go when you want to
get all of your stuff custom frame
custom frames cost a fortune I have a
lot of great art in my house some of it
not so great but all of it is custom
framed it costs a lot of money frames
sometimes it cost more for the frame
than it does for the art that's not the
case when you go over to frame bridge
comm you upload your photo from your
computer or directly from your Instagram
feed or if you have the physical item
you can actually ship it to them they
will provide secure prepaid packaging so
you can mail it in for
three and then you can preview your
photo online and any frame styles can
choose your favorite you can get free
help from your designer they should
provide you a designer the expert team
at frame bridge will custom frame your
item in days not weeks or months and
they will deliver the finished piece
directly to you ready to hang right now
if you go to frame bridge comm and use
my promo code
Shapiro's you get 15% off your first or
frame bridge comm promo code Shapiro's
they have a happiness guarantee as well
so if you aren't 100 percent satisfied
with your order they will make it right
again it's frame bridge comm and use
that promo code Shapiro's you have an
additional 15% off your first order
frame bridge comm promo code
Shapiro's it is more inexpensive than
going to a local shop it is better
because you actually gets a preview all
of this stuff and they will make it
right if you don't like it so again
there's nothing to lose frame bridge
comm promo code Shapiro's get 15% off
also use the promo code shapiro says
they know that we sent you okay so I do
want to explain why why Democrats can
win based on this and the reason that
Democrats can win based on they were not
Republicans is if Republicans suck okay
that's how you win right so Republicans
were able to win based on that because
they would say at least we're not Obama
at least we're not Democrats and then
people said well that's true I guess you
have a point writing this was basically
Donald Trump's slogan at least I'm not
Hillary he said it during the campaign
many times that you have no choice but
to vote for me at least I'm not Hillary
Clinton people went well ya up for it
alright everything's good choo choo get
on the train that was sort of Trump's
slogan so it's not that it doesn't work
but it requires the other party to suck
a lot fortunately for the Democrats the
Republicans do they suck a lot so we're
going to talk about how much the
Republicans suck and why they have
nothing and why that matters more than
the Democrats having nothing in just a
second for that are going to have to go
over to daily wired.com so first of all
before I say this I just want to thank
the folks over at the blaze for
providing us this space today
I want to thank Glenn and Glenn back who
had me on the show earlier and Jonathan
Schreiber who's a CEO over here I want
to thank all the people with the blaze
for providing us the space because it
really is magnificent no we didn't
actually just we said we're going to
have a new studio but our new studios
did not involve us involved in an armed
takeover of the blaze they're just
lending us the space because they're
kind and generous people so thanks for
that anyway if you want to go over and
subscribe so you can see the rest of the
show live from these beautiful new
studios that we just hijacked and will
refuse to leave then you have to go over
komm $8 a month gets you a subscription
and that means you get the show you get
the the show live you get the mailbag
which we'll be doing tomorrow why'd you
get grooves show Andrew Clavin show
which you should totally listen to you
can get that live you can you can get
his his mailbag as well and then you can
also get the website experience ad free
which is pretty cool if you get the
annual subscription right now for a
limited time only you still get the the
free signed copy of the book that I
wrote with my father about baseball say
it's so really fun book you get that
free and signed when you get an annual
subscription also July 10th I mean the
clock is running down July 10th the the
rates go up so you want to make sure
that you lock in that lower rate right
now over at daily wire.com when you
become a subscriber so go over and check
it out we are the largest conservative
podcast in the nation
