it's time for a serious discussion about
President Donald Trump's mean tweets
concerning journalists this is an
important issue to every single person
in America who has nothing better to do
or works in the news media or has
nothing better to do but work in the
news media that leaves approximately 326
million people who don't give a rat's
caboose or a hill of beans or even a
steaming pile of warmed over macaroni
and cheese who tweets what about
mainstream journalists still it's an
important issue I forget why some
recently mean tweets from the president
regarded Mika Brzezinski who seems to do
something on television somewhere
Trump's tweets implied that meek is a
dishonest gas bag with a lousy facelift
and the brains of a scooped out melon
that didn't even have brains before it
was scooped out because it was a melon
to put it in my own words the tweet sent
shockwaves of horror from the famous 30
rock building where NBC is located all
the way to the famous 30 rock building
where NBC is located and where many
people who work with Mika were forced to
pretend to care whether her feelings
were hurt before turning away from her
and rolling their eyes and silently
mouthing the words serves her right
the mean Trump tweets come after six
months of Mika and her co-hosts and
husband Joe Scarborough continually
slinging insults at the president
including calling him a thug and asked
and a mental defective so reading the
tweets was kind of like watching a man
smacking a loudmouth woman who just
won't stop screaming at him which of
course you should never do although
sometimes so help me just want it but
that would be wrong oh just once ugly
but seriously there's never any reason
to smack a woman well there might be a
reason but still it's not something you
should ever do which is going to be
awfully tough on Joe Scarborough during
the days and weeks and months and
seemingly endless years of marriage
ahead what was I talking about
okay ahead Donald Trump's tweets there
was another mean Trump tweet that sent
shockwaves all through journalism land
from fantasy lake where the unicorns
hold impeachment hearings to fake news
forests with a booger boogers collude
with the Russians in this tweet Trump
depicted himself Queeny body slam on a
wrestler whose face had been replaced by
the CNN logo this tweet immediately
caused every single American who watches
enn to turn to the other two with a look
of dismay many commentators said this
tweet would inspire violence against
mainstream journalists as if there was
still people who needed to be inspired
to hate mainstream journalists other
commentators have been expressing the
opinion that trumps mean tweets against
the press will spell the end of the
Trump administration they don't seem to
understand that after 20 years of being
lied to and insulted by the elite
mouthpieces
of powerful media corporations America's
actually elected Trump to send the press
a message for reasons of decency I can't
repeat the message on the air trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show stickety-boo there's a
reason we also sing she sits atop the
throne as if anything it's a wonder
all right we are back after a long long
Clayton this weekend of darkness and
despair and the fourth of July and we
are here in Cisco Texas and I've got a
large audience today here's what you
have to do it's the mailbag day so when
I say it's the mailbag day everybody has
to give a big cheer
so people pretend to care okay and it's
mailbag day that was great that was
great now even I care and you may say
you may say what are you doing in Cisco
Texas and what I am NOT doing is
standing on line at the post office and
the reason is stamps.com and every time
I say this I talked about the fact that
I just hate to stand on line and every
time I talk about that somebody writes
on in and says it's in line not on line
because they're not from New York
in New York who stand on line although I
guess if you have a phone you can be in
line and online at the same time but I
hate to do both so I get on stamps.com
where you can do everything you do at
the post office except you can do it on
your computer so you don't have to stop
everything drive to the post office hope
that it's open stand on line and deal
with actual human beings you do it right
off your computer you can buy and print
official US postage for any letter any
package any class of now using your own
computer and printer you just put the
envelope in the printer comes out with a
stamp they'll send you a digital scale
so you can automatically calculate the
exact postage and stamps com will even
help you decide the best class of mail
based on your needs so there's no need
to lease an expensive postage meter
right now you can enjoy the stamps
trivet dance comm service with a special
offer that includes a four week trial
plus postage and a digital scale without
long term commitments go to stamps.com
click on the microphone at the top of
the homepage and type in clayvin that is
KLA v as in victor a n stamps.com and
then enter Clavin stamps.com you will
never have to go to the post office
again so what am i doing in Texas nobody
seems to know but what we came down here
yesterday we spent the 4th of July
an excellent 4th of July with Jeremy
boring who as you know is the god-king
of the daily wire we we call him we
don't call him the god-king because he
has anything to do with
we just call him the god-king because he
asked us that please call him the
god-king the daily wire so that's yeah
so but he was celebrating his eighth
anniversary and his high school you
reunion and so we went to the bustling
town of Slaton Texas population
what about 4,000 people and it was
beautiful and the people were great and
we set off fireworks which as a New
Yorker guy who lives in cities I've
never really done before so you know
Jeremy and his friends just went out in
a field and set up it was very dramatic
as a storm was coming in across of
course this open plain and so this red
dust this wall of red dust we blowing
toward us and they started setting off
these fireworks and I was there with
Michael Knowles and Jonathan Haidt was
you had some new fancy title now you're
the director of productions director of
production let me tell you how smart our
director of production we're setting off
these fireworks right now and I said
after a while the three of us are
watching Knowles and hey and I are
watching and yeah I said I would like to
set off some fireworks this looks like
fun and I've never done it before
so I walked out into the field enjoying
Jeremy and I had a little writer that
I've been using for a cigar and so I
pressed the lighter and I set off a
firework and NOLA said you know I'm
going to do this and I'm going to use my
cigar
so no stepped up and he touched his
cigar to the fireworks and J hey then
says I'm going to do it with my cigar in
my mouth okay these things are taking
off you gotta understand these things
are taking off and first of all the wind
is keeping them low so they're exploding
right over our heads I mean they're just
going out and as storm is coming the
Lightning is going across and there's J
hey which is cigar leaning into the
fireworks like and I was thinking if
this thing goes off and blows his brains
up will it make him smarter or dumber I
could hop you're getting that but he did
live and we all had a great great time
great fourth of July and the only thing
I will say is we found out later that
there had been actually two experiences
because I had my wife there and Noel's
had his fiance and there were other
ladies from the city from LA and they
were absolutely terrified we didn't
notice they were this sparks were
raining down on them and then the
lightning was coming across and then you
know they were watching their husbands
and boyfriends try to weed
them and Jeff saw at him in the morning
I got a full report on exactly how
frightening it had been from my wife but
the boys had a good time and and all of
the Texans had a good time
none of the Texan ladies were afraid
only the LA ladies were afraid so I
guess it's because it wasn't as
frightening as all that so there's a lot
to talk about today and there's a lot of
news and the thing is I don't even know
if we should talk about it I mean
there's this North Korea tested an
intercontinental ballistic missile and
you know everybody's panicking about
that it's still there's still a long way
from making a nuclear weapon they can
fit on the missile and in fact you know
when they shoot these things off they
don't actually shoot them for distance
they shoot them up they do this thing
called walking so it goes up into the
air really high into the almost into
orbit and then comes down and when about
seven hundred miles or something like
this but they say this could reach
Alaska you know so now our president has
to figure out what he's going to do
about this so these are this is an
important thing well the other thing by
the way if you're here in Texas one of
things about Texas is the best run state
in the Union is up there they only let
the legislature legislature meet like
every two years or something like this
what a brilliant idea what a brilliant
idea I mean I hope that was a compromise
between like five years and no years you
know you said finally let them make two
years and so they don't have you know
there's no tax that there's no income
tax
there's property taxes but there's no
income tax everybody seems to be able to
own property and things are you know
people are left alone and all this stuff
this is as opposed to California which
is just falling off you know there are
three blue states now New Jersey
Illinois and Connecticut they're going
they're going bust and in New Jersey we
know they're going bust because they
closed the beaches for everyone but the
governor's okay note that they're going
they're going broke but Texas is really
running so there's all this news out
there and the news is talking about not
none of it the news is talking about
Donald Trump's mean tweets Donald
Trump's mean tweets and and now the new
the actual reporters the press has
started to bully innocent civilians over
Trump's tweets okay so Trump sent out
this TKE tweet about Mika Brzezinski and
it was rough and I have to tell you to
begin with yeah
is a polite reaction you're supposed to
have to Trump's tweets as goes like this
I don't agree with Donald Trump making
these tweets you know it lowers the
office of the presidency but he's got a
point you know that's kind of what
people say I love his tweets I I think
they this is why I want the hook
Washington these people stink this media
immediately you know one of the things
is when you actually get out of LA now
the people in LA are actually very nice
is it actually oddly enough it's a very
lovely City but when you get out of LA
when you get out into American people
are really they're wonderful they're
just so nice to you and they're so
welcoming and they're so hospitable and
they'll help you if you break down the
side of people you know will surround
you and stop and all this stuff and
these are the people the media has been
insulting for 16 years you know you
elected George W Bush he's a Nazi George
the W bushes are not Obama you know he's
a saint and he disagrees with everything
you think and he thinks you're clinging
to your Bibles and guns he's a saint now
Donald Trump you said what were you
thinking when you sent Donald Trump to
the White House I mean they have just
insulted and insulted insulted people
and people ordinary people don't have a
voice like that they don't have NBC
which is broadcasting to 20 million
people in have CBS broadcasting to 30
million people they have a vote they
have a boat they sent this guy watching
them to tweet mean tweets at you to get
back at you for 20 years of insulting
them so I actually have no problem with
it at all so now he sends out this he
retweets a tweet that was a wrestling
match that he had been as the stunt he
had been in and he's body slammed the
sky and instead of the face on the guy
had the CNN logo so it was Trump
body-slamming see and some guy did this
on what does it read it they put it out
and let it so and Trump you know he's
just retweeting something thought it was
funny and he sends it out I want to give
you a sample just the sample of how the
press reacted to what after all is a
joke right I mean it's a joke hahaha
Donald Trump bodyslams CNN here is Carl
Bernstein who used to be a jerk lip
smack into a he was kind of a weak link
in the watergate team it was Woodward
who went on and actually showed himself
to be a journalist even in the movie all
the president's men
Carl Bernstein is kind of the weak link
here is his reaction
listen listen for a little bit of self
seriousness and you know pomposity first
it's not just anti CNN it's anti freedom
of the press it's anti freedom of speech
it is a definitive statement by the
President of the United States it also
goes to the question that many military
leaders in this questions are asked
questions raised by military leaders in
this country now by the intelligence
community by people in Congress about
the stability of the President of the
United States this is an index of his
State of Mind visually it's very
disturbing
there's nothing light light-hearted
about it whatsoever it is an incitement
it is definitive as I say in the way
this president views a free press and
it's exercised under the First Amendment
to the Constitution it's a way to take a
joke car like this look at the end of
the Constitution there's joke because
it's damn you know it's not it's not
Kathy Griffin holding up the president's
severed head which is that's just a joke
it's this is the attack on them so this
matters this is very very serious stuff
I just want to play one more sample of
this as Chuck Cod as Victor doing Tom
price right Tom Price is the director of
Health and Human Services so he's like
the guy he is the guy in huge because
the Republicans are debating their
Senate health bill so he is the guy you
want to have on your show this is a coup
he's on with Chuck Todd Chuck Todd is
that the guy all America wants to hear
what's going to happen to our health
care how is this going to go forward and
this is what Chuck Todd is asking I'm
just asking you as a father if your son
tweeted about a woman like that what
would you say to one check you know I
this is really remarkable you've got
incredible challenges across this nation
incredible challenges around the world
the challenge that I've been given is to
address the health care issues and and
and your program a program with the
incredible history of Meet the Press and
and and that's what you want to talk
about I'd let me just suggest you than
be American secretary why talk about the
challenges I'm asking you to justify one
minute mr. secretary with all due
respect
you're blaming me for what the President
of the United States has spent his
entire week focused on no listen to me
with all due respect the American people
are concerned about a health care system
that is not providing choices where
premiums are going up where their
insurance company is vacating markets
all across this land and that's what
they want us to concentrate on that's
what they want us to fix support um
price is trying to give Chuck Todd the
news he's trying to talk about health
care he's trying to talk them about the
important issues of the day that we got
to get to this tweet would you let your
son or daughter send out a tweet like
this if this were your son what you it's
amazing kind of self-important so then
CNN does be unbelievable they start to
track down the little nerd who puts this
thing up on Reddit okay and he's been
putting up all kinds of you know he's
been putting up all kinds of
anti-semitic tweets and bigoted tweets
already you see some little crazy
computer guy putting up this stuff Trump
doesn't know who this is right from has
no clue who this is he just saw a funny
tweet where he bodyslam CNN and he sends
it out CNN tracks the guy down tracks
the guy down threatens to expose him and
then the guy apologizes he's terrified
right he's getting threats he's getting
death threats he takes down the post and
he takes down all his posts and he puts
out this fulsome apology
I mean it's thuggery of the FIR I mean
remember Joe the Plumber is anybody
still remember Joe the Plumber Joe the
Plumber had the temerity to step up to
Barack Obama the precious and say to him
you know what what's all this
spreading you know money wrong with all
the socialism stuff and Obama gave it
away you know he gave away but he sure
was a socialist he said spreading the
wealth around is good for everybody and
so the press ganged up on Joe the
Plumber and of course we on the right
kind of we didn't overreact to it we
reacted wrongly to it by making Joe the
Plumber into a spokesman or putting him
on the media that wasn't the point the
point was not that he was a media
personality the point was they took this
guy a plumber and exposed his whole life
for asking a candidate for president the
question so here's a guy who puts out
funny tweets and memes on the air and
CNN
tracks him down and they wrangle this
apology and then they publish a threat
they say CNN is not publishing this
guy's name because he is a private
citizen who has issued an extensive
statement of apology apology showed his
remorse by saying he has taken down all
his offending posts and because he said
he is not going to repeat this ugly
behavior on social media again
CNN reserves the right to publish his
identity should any of that change okay
district it's like it's like it's nice
meme you've got there
be a shame if anything happened to it
now I have to show you how this was
reported on CNN Alison cammarata again
she thinks this is a happy ending she
thinks this is what a wonderful thing
that we didn't expose his name and he
apologized it's all good isn't this
lovely you got to listen to this and
then here comes the remarkable parts he
apologized he apologized for having done
this how often do you hear someone who
creates a video that goes viral then say
this this is what he told CNN I would
like to apologize for the posts made
that were racist bigoted and
anti-semitic these are the other posts
that were on his account I am in no way
this kind of person I would never
support any kind of violence or actions
against others simply for what they
believe in nor would I carry out any
violence against anyone based upon that
or support anyone who did he went on he
was so but then why is there so much
stuff on his account he deleted it but
why was it there in the first place
because he I mean in his apology he says
you know he thought that these things
were sort of funny
he liked getting a rise out of people
online obviously also went over and that
he had become addicted to the hate
addicted to the ginning up of people
because this is what happened ition
honestly he has a part of the reason
that I think this is so notable crystal
is a is because this is a very full
throated I think genuine honest apology
he has also asked that we not reveal his
name or whereabouts and we at CNN are
honoring that because he's apologized
and he thinks that he would then be in
danger and at risk if other people knew
his name we get it we understand that so
I don't know I just think that this is
just a very interesting addendum
in this whole story it was certainly not
the outcome I would have thought once we
tracked him down you know an a and I
think it's actually a nice thing but
that's a nice thing it's a nice thing
blackmail been bullied this guy into
silence and apologies cringing on the
floor CNN listen I got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but the mailbag is
coming up so you got to come over to the
Daily wire calm you can hear it there or
you could subscribe for a lousy 80s it
still allows you a box on one side til
til when July 10th July 10th the prices
go up so I think $15,000 a minute isn't
it and then so you want to get in but
they won't go up if you've already
subscribed so subscribe if you subscribe
annually you get venture bureau's new
book and you can ask questions on the
mailbag so come on over to the daily
wire calm
