you've probably never heard of Charlie
guard he de terminally-ill ten month old
baby who has now been sentenced to death
by the European Court of Human Rights an
Orwellian organisation if ever there has
been one which determined that while his
parents wants to take him to the United
States for a long shot potentially
life-saving treatment they couldn't
instead the court ruled the Great Ormond
Street Hospital for Children would
withdraw all life support killing
Charlie what was the courts
justification Charlie had to
quote-unquote die with dignity
you see Charlie suffers from a
mitochondrial disease that destroys the
muscles in the brain there was no
available treatment in the United
Kingdom and so Charlie's parents Chris
guard and Connie 8 raised 1.6 million
dollars to fly him to the US for an
experimental treatment at the hospital
argued that the treatment wouldn't help
charlie
and would prolong his suffering and if
they knew better than the parents who
had to suffer through his illness and
care for him every single day
thus the hospital argued that it would
be in Charlie's best interest to die UK
courts agreed the guards then appealed
to the EU and now the court has ruled
against them with the ECHR that's the
European Commission on Human Rights
stated in stating quote Charlie would
suffer significant harm if his present
suffering was prolonged that any
realistic prospect of improvement and
the experimental therapy would be of no
effective benefit the hospital issued
its own perverse statement they said
quote our thoughts are with Charlie's
parents on receipt of the news that we
now know will be very distressing for
them today's decision by the European
Court of Human Rights marks the end of
what has been a very difficult process
and our priority is to provide every
possible support to Charlie's parents as
we prepare for the next steps
despite the hospital's statement that
would not immediately change the
standard of care his parents now report
to the hospital with will withdraw life
support tomorrow
his parents announced quote we begged
them to give us the weekend friends and
family wanted to come and see Charlie
for the last time but now there isn't
even time for that doctors said they
would not rush to turn off his
ventilator but we are being rushed not
only are we not allowed to take our son
to an expert hospital to save his life
we also can't choose how or when our son
dies there are several levels to the
perversity here first
for all the talk of the evils of the
American system of health care at least
we promote freedom of choice and give as
many options to people for their care as
they can afford as a doctor who offered
experimental treatment said in court if
Charlie had been ill at any institution
in the United States they would
immediately have begun the treatment but
in the UK a socialized medicine country
where individual needs come
second to the preservation of the system
there is less concern with parental
rights in the u.s. we are so interested
in the freedom to obtain care that we
insist on releasing a legally brain-dead
girl to her mother so long as her mother
wishes to keep her hooked up to a
ventilator in the UK they are insistent
on withdrawing the opportunity for
life-saving care because it is better to
kill the child than keep it alive well
this case became a court proceeding
every single day the National Health
Service the NHS makes decisions about
how to ration care Bernie Sanders tweets
about how nobody should be denied care
because they can't support it but that's
what happens all the time under
socialized medicine a difference being
it's not about you it will be not being
able to afford it it's about the
government not being able to afford it
and you do not even have the capacity to
raise the money to fund the care
yourself second a government-run system
breeds a shift in control in the u.s.
the case of Charlie guard is a major
scandal in the EU it's apparently no big
deal that's because we in the United
States like to think that we control our
lives and that as parents our priorities
matter than those of random doctors who
don't raise our kids but once you give
up control of your life and best
decisions to an impersonal government it
is nearly impossible to take back that
control this case could have been easy
the hospital could have released the
child back to the parent the hospital
didn't do it because it believed that it
had the final save and why shouldn't it
it always has the final say under the
NHS system third allowing the government
to control the value of life means
devaluing life it has been a fundamental
hallmark of Western civilization that
life ought to be preserved in spite of
pain in spite of suffering that death is
not a solution to suffering but that
notion has now been stripped away in
favor of a secularist standard of
healthy living and so in Europe
euthanasia is now available to people
who aren't even terminal people who
suffer from depression or anorexia
better to die with dignity than live
with pain that's the new map as a far
cry from the original Hippocratic oath
which overtly stated neither will I
administer a poison to anybody when
asked to do so nor will I suggest such a
course or even the Tufts Medical School
version which is usually is in the
United States which states quote above
all I must not play it God those who
value life want to keep choices about
their life in their hands rather than
turning such control over to an
impersonal government bureaucracy that
guarantees you coverage it chooses for
you Charlie darts story isn't just a
travesty of justice and an insult to
decency it's a warning for people who
think the bureaucracies are as
interested in
your healthcare as you are I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
it's a heartbreaking story now to talk a
little bit more about the Charlie Gard
story in a second plus President Trump
on Twitter again saying stuff CNN
imploding all sorts of fun coming up but
before we get to any of that I want to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
lyft
so right now lyft is looking for new
drivers and what makes lyft fantastic
for drivers is that you are allowed to
tip in the app when you drive to the
right ride-sharing app every trip feels
great and lyft is that ride-sharing app
you can pick your own hours you work
what you want
they are the ride-sharing company that
believes in freedom they're people
really well which means that if you're a
customer you're going to get the best
drivers let's believe that being a
ride-sharing driver should be fun if
you're choosing a ride-sharing company
to drive for go with the company that
treats you well they offer as I say
in-app inapt tipping when you drive for
lyft you keep 100% of the tips drivers
have been paid over 150 million dollars
in tips since the feature was introduced
I arrived at lift all the time I talk to
the people who drive they are very happy
and I've always felt the I've always
felt the spur to give them good tips
because they're terrific people and
great drivers lifted even taking the
guesswork out of pickups right now they
have an A & P device that uses color
coding to help passengers find their
drivers you can earn hundreds of dollars
a week if you're a driver over at lyft
plus tips if you want to make more money
you drive more it's that simple it's a
simple formula which is why 9 out of 10
lift rides get a perfect 5 star rating
for the drivers are happy right now if
you want to become a lyft driver go to
lift con ly FTT ft.com / shapiro today
that's listed com / capiro and you get a
$500 new driver bonus right out of the
gate that's lift calm / capiro lift calm
/ Schapiro limited time only terms apply
again lift great ride-sharing app we use
it all the time in the shapiro household
lift calm / Shapiro ok well you know the
life issue is near and dear to my heart
as you know if you've watched the
program at all or seen any of my videos
on YouTube I'm actually in Wisconsin
right now broadcasting from the road
because I was the keynote speaker at the
National Right to Life Convention and
there is a sickness that is taken hold
on the left that suggests that life is
not valuable unless it is up to your
standard of what constitutes health and
happiness right so the
the idea here is the quality of life
matters more than life itself which is
just asinine because the fact is quality
of life changes over time just because
somebody is suffering does not mean that
their life is meaningless or valueless
this becomes particularly an issue when
the person can't speak for themself as
with this is with this kid as a sort of
libertarian person I you know immorally
don't believe in assisted suicide but as
a libertarian I sort of understand the
position at least the notion that that
if you are terminally ill and you're
going to die anyway that you may want to
pull the plug it's not something I agree
with morally and I don't think that the
government should be involved in
sponsoring it but I certainly don't
agree with the idea here which is that
if this baby was not going to have
quality of life that you like and a you
I mean the court if you don't like that
quality of life that the parents want to
preserve life I don't see how you are
able to trump their capacity to attempt
to save their own child it's just it's
just plain evil and you can hear the
suffering of the parents here's what the
parents had to say just a couple of
months ago about the government
attempting to stop them from bringing it
this is not even a matter of them asking
me the NHS to cover the cost they're
saying we'll cover the cost ourselves
just give us back our kids so we can
leave and the NHS basically said no here
is a here's the the parents of this pork
this poor child what what happen strong
well we're going to try an appeal
disappear just waiting to find out and
where we can have you is there a
timescale that you have to adhere to to
really to make that appeal yeah it was
pretty weak there so now kind of weeks
past two weeks today that must be very
difficult Chris to get your head around
doing anything like that when you must
be feeling so devastated about what
happened at the end of that I just came
well haven't got my head Ronnie it was a
week ago and I'm still you know I can't
sleep I can't eat and I still can't get
my head around why we're not allowed to
take our boy and phratry money so
desperately need to know and just to get
the cure Chris you raised money you have
funds you could pay for the
transportation to the United States yeah
and you're prepared to do that yeah the
reason that the judge decided that that
should not be the case is that the
medical opinion is that this would be
too stressful
and too painful for your son is that
right that's what they're saying uh
Scott we totally disagree with that and
he's probably the most kind of stable
baby in there and he's not in pain he's
not suffering because if he was
suffering and he was in pain we wouldn't
sit by his bed and watch him suffer and
the harshness of all of this is partly
that you're not asking for anyone else
to pay for this right so you're just
being denied the physical transportation
yeah okay this is what is truly
incredible about all of this and this is
why again there is a basic rift when it
comes to the quote/unquote right to
health care people on the right say you
have the right to obtain health care for
which you are willing to pay and that
gives you the ability to make choices
about your own health care the left says
you have the right to obtain health care
regardless of ability to pay but then
says okay well the people who are
actually to pay for you get to make the
decisions the bottom line is in life
whoever controls the dollars makes the
call okay when it comes to your own
health care if you control the dollars
you make the call and if the government
controls the dollars the government
makes the call and so in this particular
case you know there have been situations
like this in the United States like
Terry Schiavo but even that was a little
bit different because Schiavo was an
adult and they were trying to figure out
what her wishes would have been as an
adult in the United States if your what
it was not a matter of willingness to
pay or the people who obviously have
control over the situation the parents
making a case what what the guards are
going through may be specific to their
child but socialized medicine is all
about somebody else making a decision
for you how long you ought to wait in
line for surgery what sort of treatment
you ought to get what sort of treatment
is best for you in the United States we
don't do that so when people say you
spend a lot of money yeah we spend a lot
of money because we choose to spend a
lot of that money and that's okay you
know and we do a Big Ideas section at
the end of the show now and at the end
of the the show today I'm going to talk
about supply and demand in health care
because I think people need to
understand how this works I will get to
that in a little bit but before we do
that the other big news of the day
because everything is stupid is
president Trump decides that it is
imperative that he go off on Mika
Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough so as I
mentioned yesterday the only people who
benefit from the media fight with Trump
are the media and Trump that's the only
the American people don't benefit from
this in any way
and because there's such a reactionary
feeling on both sides because Trump
supporters are not well least a lot a
lot of Trump supporters are not even
interested in forwarding his policy
goals they're more interesting as him
slapping the left whatever he does that
slaps left is seen as an ultimate good
even if it's actually counterproductive
to pushing his agenda and on the left
there so the same exact thing they're so
interested in seeing the media slap
Trump that it doesn't matter if it
undermines their own credibility at
least they're slapping Trump and Trump
is mean and bad so makeup or schinsky
was on with Joe Scarborough this morning
and she said something about Trump's
tiny hand she made some crack about
Trump's tiny hands now he's a powerful
man on planet earth he's one of the
richest men on planet earth you would
think that President Trump could handle
you know somebody being mildly insulting
or very insulting I mean this is part of
the job it's part of the gig the
president from Penn took to Twitter and
he tweeted out quote and his direct
quote from his Twitter this is the
President of the United States not
Donald Trump candidate not Donald Trump
reality star the most powerful man on
planet earth and a job that used to you
know we on the right used to say why
isn't Barack Obama blaring his jacket in
the Oval Office why is he putting his
shoes on the desk in the Oval Office
okay this is the guy in the Oval Office
now quote I heard poorly rated Morning
Joe speaks badly of me don't watch
anymore then how come how come
low IQ crazy Mika along with psycho Joe
came tomorrow I'll go three nights in a
row around New Year's Eve and insisted
on joining me she was bleeding badly
from a facelift I said no I mean first
of all terrible story do to me it's a
really crappy story but so there there
runs people on the right who find this
just absolutely hysterical funny because
it's funny anytime anybody on the Left
get slappy even if this is just the
Three Stooges and it's Larry Curly and
Moe pulling each other's hair and poking
each other in the eyes I'm this isn't my
favorite Trump insult Trump has had
insults that I think are much better
than this he has a very short the source
of insults low IQ crazy psycho low
energy short you know a he has like
eleven insults and he just rotates them
but in any case people were going after
Trump they're very upset Trump because
Trump was talking about her bleeding
from her face lips which is utterly
irrelevant to any of this stuff and now
to be fair to be fair as I say
it is true that the that the it is true
that the media been targeting trumpet is
fair that it is true that the Mika
Brzezinski was going after President
Trump on his appearance on his hands and
so it's not totally unfair for him to
strike back except for the fact that
she's a news commentator and he's the
President of the United States now on
the right I think people on the Left
have to understand why people on the
right respond to Trump by basically
pooh-poohing some of this stuff not
because it's right because it isn't
right okay I don't think they should be
prepared I think it's stupid I think
when the right poopoo is this kind of
stuff they're actually undercutting
their own credibility there's not a
single person in America who thinks less
of Mika Brzezinski because Donald's from
tweeted about her facelift and no one
who is not already in Trump's camp cares
about that sort of stuff but both are
again when you talk about the
polarization in the country right now
people on the right view from stick
people on the right view from stick the
same way the people on the left view
Samantha bee so Samantha bee is utterly
unfunny if you're on the right and you
watch Samantha bee you think how does
this woman make a living she is just
awful she's go she and nasty and vulgar
and the left just swoons for her they
love her why because it's not that she
has to tell the truth she doesn't she
just has to slap Trump so here's an
example she's slapping Paul Ryan last
night on her show I mean this is vulgar
and crude and left celebrates this kind
of stuff all the time
most people like Medicaid including
Republican people who the hell asked you
to get it by sending it to the states
and capping its growth rate Medicaid
sending it back to the states capping
its growth rate we've been dreaming of
this since I've been around since you
and I were we're drinking at a keg
oh yeah well most college guys in the
90s were fantasizing about Pamela
Anderson Paul Ryan was jerking it to
thoughts of poor people losing health
care to pay for Jackson and the left
lose it oh yes Mantha B she's the best
she's so fun okay so Samantha B is
basically to insult comedy what Trump is
info comedy on the right now the
difference is the Trump is the President
of the United States he is not a comic
on late-night TV and I know that the
right is finding it amusing that Trump
is playing the comic on late-night TV
but it's not actually making his agenda
any more effective it's giving her left
a reason to back him around and it is
plainly rather immoral for the President
of the United States to be tweeting
about people's bloody face lifts in
order to humiliate them because they
don't like him in the media it's not a
good thing to do I mean is it fair to
say that that's not a good thing to do
are we allowed to say that anymore
nonetheless because everybody it's now
slap fight okay all the politics is a
slap fight the cause you know I used to
stand for the cause the cause was things
like pro-life the cause was things like
lower taxes and smaller government and
less regulation and more power over your
own life that was the cause now this
causes everybody slapping each other
like Kramer and like Seinfeld and
Costanza and they're just sitting around
like Napoleon Dynamite having slapped by
who Ana but we've got oh my god in a
slap that's what it is now and you can
hear the Glee right I mean so Sarah
Huckabee Sanders goes out there in the
media and she says well of course Trump
said this because he always slaps back
he's got to slap back I mean what do you
want not to slap people come on like I
don't think that the president's ever
been someone who gets attacked and
doesn't push back there have been an
outrageous number of personal attacks
not just to him but to frankly everyone
around him people on actually personally
attacked me many times this is a
president who fight fire with fire and
certainly will not be allowed to be
bullied by liberal media and the liberal
elites within the media or Hollywood or
anywhere else I get it
okay this is the regime but buddy buddy
buddy buddy fights but he fights bad the
macro macro macro macro any bites man
okay here's the deal
folks would you like him to be a
successful president or not because I
fail to see how him talking about making
Brzezinski's facelift does anything to
establish a border wall or Obamacare
repeal or tax
form this doesn't like some of trumps
attacks are useful like when he attacks
CNN for promoting fake news and they're
actually promoting fake news that is
good that is useful I am a big fan of
evidence-based insults okay so if you
insult someone you have to have some
evidence to back it up and the evidence
has to go to the issue at hand okay it's
like if you're having an argument about
politics and then you just say about
somebody well you're fat this is not
helpful and it doesn't Forge your agenda
in any way it just looks petty and silly
and ridiculous and that's why the media
is going nuts and they're having fun
with this whole thing today and calling
him a sexist the right thing yeah Trump
was mean to Brzezinski who the hell
cares about maker Brzezinski except for
Donald Trump nobody watches that show
nobody realistically speaking watches
that much cable news again a
highest-ranked cable news shows like 2
million viewers a night ok there are 330
million people in the country and yet
and we're supposed to think that this is
the form of winning is slapping make a
Burzynski over her facelift I mean like
really really it's just a waste of time
now again on the on web side of the
aisle they're trying to use this to to
give himself the moral high ground and
they don't deserve the moral high ground
because they're slapping Trump every
chance they get in exactly the same way
they're just going out and and using the
stupidest possible reasons to slap Trump
and making things up I mean this is
amazing so he attended an entire segment
a couple of nights ago talking about
refugee children from Syria and having
Elmo explain it right I mean yes no
there's no there's no media bias
Virginia Elmo just regularly appears on
CNN to explain the issues of the day
here's tape of that hello can I just
start by asking you because I know you
went to visit a refugee camp in Jordan
right back in February
yes what was it like that was really
wonderful ok come up and Michelle
Michael Jordan together we did it was
really wonderful
Kodomo get to me I'm not a new friends a
lot of new friends and did you find that
the Syrian little girls and little boys
were a lot like your friends here in
America yeah I really was very
interesting because they lost your
clothes and learn so much Elmo and
honest offenders lesson is truth and
they loved Elmo they loved meeting Elmo
oh my god and then you wonder why we
think there's media bias so CNN is
trying to restore its credibility here
is a headline
that CNN ran yesterday okay there's an
actual headline that they ran yesterday
Obama's genes game gets stronger yes
really that's a headline that they wrote
so while they're busy doing all of this
useless crap and proclaiming themselves
the most important people on earth for
checking the presidents of the United
States and then Trump slaps them back
with crap out baseless all of this is
stupid all of this is distraction now
the right is there's some people on the
right who are using this as an excuse to
to kill CNN right so Sean Hannity is
leading the charge on this he says it's
time to put CNN underground we're going
to kill see and then finally we're going
to kill the Beast here we go but first
let me explain how one of the biggest
anti Trump networks has lost all their
credibility and can no longer be trusted
by you the American people now at this
point we should put CNN six-feet you see
right there underground for repeatedly
spreading lies propaganda black
helicopter tinfoil hat conspiracy
theories and for viciously trying to
take down this president now let's just
look at some of the network's many
controversies and schedule no it's true
let I've talked I've talked as much as
Sean Hannity at CNN's bias CNN is wildly
biased to the left when Shonda the 14
where he acts as though CNN only became
biased in the last five minutes so only
now have they destroyed their
credibility
they've been destroying their
credibility for years again you can find
tape of me on YouTube saying that they
were basically a propaganda outlet for
Hamas during the Gaza war three years
ago so this is nothing new I mean this
has been happening my entire adult life
at the very least but there's a sort of
opportunism where sean is saying hey
let's use this opportunity to put CNN
underground and we'll just and we'll
just throw away whatever news they
report at the same time again is any of
this design toward getting at the truth
or is this more designed at partisan
bickering and let's take out our
political opposition that matters
because if it's designed to get the
truth then it's worthwhile you know
debunked and media bias is useful if you
are attempting to get at the truth
debunking media because the entire media
outlet because you hate them and want
them to lose that's a slightly different
thing well I want to talk a little bit
more about that I want to talk about the
media is insane response to all of this
but first I want to say thank you to our
friends over at Birch gold so we should
definitely have part of your portfolio
in
metals there is risk of inflation there
is risk of disaster natural disaster
that affects monetary supply there's
risk of economic collapse there's risk
of stock market you should always have
part of your assets in something solid
like precious metals and that's where my
friends at Birch gold group come in
they've a long-standing track record of
continued success thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews an
A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau
right now gold has been doing really
well in the market action I think it's
been rising for five or six months now
if you contact Birch gold group right
now to request a free information kit on
physical precious metals they will send
you a 16 page kit on how gold and silver
can protect your savings and how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds into a precious metals
IRA to get that kit go to birchgold.com
/femme and birchgold.com slash fed ask
all your questions get all your answers
and then when you're ready to invest in
precious metals talk to my friends over
at Birch gold again that's birchgold.com
slash been use the flash been that they
know that we sent you okay so the media
have responded to CNN has responded to
Trump being anti media and the end to
Hannity being anti media by doing what
they do best playing the victims so one
of the most irritating facts about the
way that Trump and the media play off
each other is the media claim they're
the victims so we're justified and
slapping from and then from and Sarah
Huckabee San Jose Trump is the victim
and so they're justified in slapping
mica across her face lifted head or
whatever so brian Stelter yesterday on
CNN he said that anti journalist
rhetoric is on the rise and people are
going to die I told you a week and a
half ago two weeks ago when there is
that shooting in Virginia by Bernie
Sanders supporting loon Bagla hated
Donald Trump I said be very careful that
you don't start labeling all rhetoric
you don't like potentially violence
provoking because the left will use that
logic maybe they will anyway but you can
always to argue honestly against it if
you don't use it yourself don't use the
logic that rhetoric causes violence
unless there's an open call for violence
because otherwise you are just basically
trying to rule out all rhetoric whatever
I think about Trump stupid tweets I
don't think today are causing violence
against journalists that's not what
Salter saying is people are the left
right in between our Pro journalism
recognize that most journalists try to
be fair and right and then he continues
but there's an alternative view popular
on partisan websites in social media
that is straight-up anti journalism
these activists and commentators don't
promote accountability they promote
resentment and hatred some of the anti
journalism spin isn't about eradicating
bias or improving news coverage it's
about trying to stamp out reporting all
together so I generally disagree with
this I think most of the people who
comments on media bias are not
attempting to stamp out the media
altogether but there is a grain of truth
to the idea that if you spend time
promoting the set rich conspiracy and
then you turn around and you say CNN has
to be put six feet under because they
are all fake news are you a truth teller
or are you just somebody who's
attempting to play a partisan game now
the West uses that criminal true that
there are some people on the right who
are more anti just anti all journalistic
outlets that ever say anything bad about
Trump they're trying to use that grain
of truth and turn that into there's a
real threat to us okay there is no real
threat to the press there isn't okay
does not say there couldn't be a nut job
out there who is inflamed and goes and
shoots a journalist but this is true in
political rhetoric all the time and
there's a reason I travel with security
but what the left is trying to do is
they're trying to say we are on the
verge because we covered Trump badly and
then Trump is mean to us and then from
says nasty things about us we are on the
verge of a fascist takeover here in the
United States so Chris Hayes at MSNBC
he puts on the Rachel Maddow glasses and
he says Trump is going to quash the
press that's the next thing it's going
to quash the press okay just to break
that down for a moment first Amazon does
not own the Washington Post Amazon CEO
Jeff Bezos does second there are no
internet taxes Amazon is now however
collecting state sales tax nationwide
but president Trump's tweet goes beyond
attacking the Washington Post as they
knew something he did as recently as
yesterday the president is very
exclusively linking a complaint about a
media entity to a threat or at least
implied threat against the corporation
associated with it did this is a
candidate to during an October speech he
followed up a string of complaints about
the media with this the Amazon which
through its ownership controls the
Washington Post should be paying massive
taxes okay so we talked about that
yesterday we talked about how silly this
was but Trump is not actually quashing
the press there has been no active move
by President Trump to do anything
remotely resembling
washing the press he's limited press
access in ways that Obama limited maybe
he's done it a little bit more and
that's not good I've criticized it but
this idea that the First Amendment is
under siege that the press are all at
threat of some sort of grand government
crackdown haven't seen one shred that in
fact they seem pretty loud to make me
talk a little bit more about this and
what the left is trying to do in
building this narrative but for that
you're going to have to go over daily
wire comm become a subscriber for $8 a
month you too can be a subscriber to
daily wire comm means you get the rest
of the show live you get to be part of
the mailbag which we'll be doing
tomorrow
we do live questions on the mailbag as
well you can be part of Andrew clavin's
podcast be part of his mailbag too so
lots of good stuff happening over at
Daily wire right now if you become an
annual subscriber you get a free signed
copy of the book that I wrote with my
dad about the Chicago White Sox and
baseball and fatherhood being a son it's
a really fun it's called say it's so
free signed copy when you become an
annual subscriber also become annual
right now and lock in that rate because
once we hit July 10th the rates are
about to go up not on people who already
subscribed but on new subscribers so if
you're think about subscribing and you
think maybe a three weeks do it now lock
in your lower rate and get the benefit
or if you just want to listen later go
over to iTunes or SoundCloud subscribe
leave us a review we always appreciate
it we are the largest conservative
podcast in the nation
you
