in today's day and age if there's one
thing you don't want to be its racist I
know I personally like at night worrying
that I'll somehow say something or do
something that will make someone feel
well I'm not sure what because that's
when I usually drift off to sleep and
dream about a scantily clad woman who
lures me into a tremendous bowl of
liquid marshmallow and when I wake up
it's already morning and I forgot what I
was thinking about the night before but
still racism is bad so let's turn to our
friends on the left to find out some
things that are racist one thing the
left finds racist is salad in a recent
article in The New York Times a former
newspaper writer bond eats we demanded
to know why is Asian salad still on the
menu mrs. Tsui wrote quote you might
think Asian salad is culturally
inclusive and yet the Asian salad is
often the one that comes with a winky
jockey named mr. Mouse or secret Asian
man or oriental chop-chop oriental
ChaCha that's a good one no sorry mrs.
Sui says it's wrong to call something
Asian as if it comes from an entire
continent instead of a specific country
and she goes on to say she is so glad
she lives such a protected privileged
American life that she can write
articles about salad instead of having
to walk more than a mile to get fresh
water as tens of millions of women have
to do in Asia and maybe she doesn't say
that last part maybe that was me anyway
another thing leftist fine racist is
asking people for picture ID before they
vote this is very racist because whereas
white people have picture ID that they
used to buy a drink or apply for welfare
or get on airplanes black people's faces
are too dark to appear in photographs
and therefore they must always remain
sober and work for a living and they can
only fly places by flapping their arms
it's just as well because if black
people had to use picture ID to vote
many Democrat voters might cease to
exist and many of those who continue to
exist would only get to vote once it's
simply not fair yet another thing that's
racist is
a gun for home safety and Asifa maker
and unhappy fat man Michael Moore says
wanting to own a gun to protect your
home and family is racist because quote
and yes this is a real quote that
imaginary person that's going to break
into your home and kill you
who does that person look like you know
it's not freckle-faced Jimmie down the
street is it unquote so if you don't
want Michael Moore to think you're
racist next time a black man breaks into
your home the best thing to do is shoot
him and then say oh sorry I thought you
were Jimmie we should all be grateful to
the left for explaining what racism is
after all leftist hate racism almost as
much as they hate Jews trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
