your Clavin the gallant and strikingly
handsome I'm going into my fourth year
of college as an engineering major so
giving the amount of money I've invested
it's a bit late to completely change
direction and become an English major
however I feel like God has given me a
gift for creative writing and I don't
want that to go to waste my question to
you is is it possible to be a good
writer as more as a hobby secondary
career or does it need to be one's
primary career for it to work
thanks a really good question and yes I
feel you can do it while you do
something else on the greatest writers
in history did it TS Eliot was a banker
you know there were plenty of people who
had to work for a living and wrote on
the side who were really terrific
writers and William F Buckley said that
people should do other jobs and I have
to say I have to say for a long time I
just wrote I woke up every morning I
wrote now I do the show which is
something that is you know I write part
of the show I write the openings of the
show but it's not writing but then I go
home and do my work and I and I really
enjoy it
so listen writing is a tough profession
everybody wants to do it everybody is
you're competing with a lot of very
talented people for a very small
audience but I do think you can do other
things and I think it's good to do other
things because it teaches you about the
world in a way that if you're just a
writer you will never learn you know
you'll never learn so I'm not against
that at all and I think being an
engineer's great thing I wish I wish I
had I was an English major and I wish I
had done something a little bit more
practical just to inform my writing it
was when I became a reporter and started
to learn about how the real world works
I think that actually elevated my
writing and I wish I'd learned a little
bit more about it in school
