for years the left has engaged in
nonsensical and idiotic hate speech
against the right it's time the right
struck back with some nonsensical idiocy
of our own cock you know some wee
clean-cut Servat of cowards want a hold
to our ideals so we don't end up
shrieking platitudes in swaggering macho
voices filled with violent metaphors
that make us sound a lot tougher than we
actually are but where's the fun in that
I say if your mother expresses an idea
sympathetic to the left and you don't
punch the old bags lights out you're
just not doing it right after all what
did your mother ever do for you okay
maybe that's not such a good argument
but do you think the left cares about
your mother of course not so if you fall
for some cock kolinsky it-- sniveling
notion that now we have to be nice to
our mothers lock commies run roughshod
over them eventually our country is
doomed to be taken over by illegal
immigrant black Jews singing their
hateful rap songs in Hebrew while
smuggling heroin under their sombreros
also in Hebrew it can't go on after
decades of the left dominating our media
our entertainment industry and our
universities we can't just sit back and
watch these industries crater into
irrelevance and failure while the
Democrats lose every election everywhere
in the country we must begin to imitate
their hateful and ridiculous behavior
lest we start to win back the country
and have to do something with it cotton
grows what no I say our anger is
righteous anger and if our anger is
righteous then we're righteous because
we are our anger and our anger is us and
our righteousnesses our anger and
therefore and I'm not sure where I was
going with this but I know it ends with
me smashing some jackass lefty in the
mouth or at least pretending I would on
Twitter which doesn't hurt my knuckles
as much the thing is you can't stand on
principles when you're in a war in a war
you have to slaughter the people on the
other side until they surrender and
that's just like this except instead of
slaughtering people we're trying to
convince them to vote for us so ok
that's a little different from a war but
it's like a war because we shake our
fists and yell a lot so that part's the
same otherwise ok slaughtering people is
probably not the best way to convince
them
so forget I said the whole war thing
let's move on my point is simply this
we can't play all nicely wisely when the
left is being vicious wishes if they
shout down our speakers we have to shout
down their speakers if they attack our
peaceful gatherings then we have to
attack their peaceful gatherings if
they're fighting for an oppressive
socialist state then we have to fight
for an oppressive socialist state and
anyone who says different is just afraid
of winning and oppressive socialist
state so I say let's dial up the rage
and incivility until we're all
blithering idiots
remember if we stand for freedom and
decency the left wins somehow trigger
warning i'm anna from Clavin and this is
the andrew Clavin show so we we also
sing she said she tops Elizabethan
alright we're back and I got some sleep
it was amazing you know I was talking
yesterday I was stuck on this airplane
so I came in yesterday on literally two
and a half hours of sleep which for me
is even even for me I should say is not
very much I don't sleep very much and
then when I get really tired and I
actually do sleep it like terrifies my
body because it doesn't know what's
going on I wake up in my bodies like
what happened what was that did we die
no it's like just sleeping are you sure
because I don't suddenly everything was
gone it's much it's much better it is
much much better when you are sleeping
on bowl and branch sheets that makes all
the difference if you got if you're
going to sleep if you're going to sleep
do it on Boland branch and if you're
like me and you're not going to sleep
and you're just going to lie awake
thinking about stuff then you might as
well lie awake uncomfortable sheets and
these are incredibly comfortable sheets
and they're also affordable what makes
them unique is that each sheet is
crafted from a hundred percent organic
cotton that means Bowl and branch sheets
not only feel incredible but they also
look amazing and interestingly as you
wash them they get softer and nicer so
each time you're using the action are
better than the time before
and since Boleyn branch sells
exclusively online you don't pay that
expensive retail markup that means you
get you're paying half the price for
twice the quality you'll love the sheets
you try them for 30 nights and see for
yourself if you're not impressed
return them for a full refund anyone who
sleeps on Boleyn branch sheets loves
them that's why they have thousands of
five-star reviews
the New York Times Forbes and the Wall
Street Journal rave about them and three
u.s. presidents have Bowl and branch
sheets I can't tell you who because I
don't know but they're getting to the
point where it's easy to guess go to
Beau and branch calm today and you will
get 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets Plus free shipping in the US when
you use the promo code
Clavin that's que la these and Victor am
its a.m. that's $50 off plus free us
shipping right now at Boland branch calm
spelled bol L and branch calm promo code
Clavin Boland branch calm promo code
Clavin you'll sleep better and sleeping
will be more fun alright the mailbag is
tomorrow we should mention that means
that if you
drive to the daily wire.com is god alone
knows you should if you subscribe you
can send in your questions to us and we
will answer them the answers are
guaranteed 100% correct and they will
change your life
on occasion for the better you can ask
about anything you want religion
politics your personal problems we've
solved them all and your life will be so
much better but you got to subscribe it
is eight bucks a month a lousy eight
bucks a month and you know by the way I
just want to say that I've been getting
letters from people who say I can't
subscribe but I'd like to ask you a
question no no my friends subscribe if
you want to get your questions answered
and if you subscribe for a year which is
still only allows 8 bucks a month you'll
also get Ben's new book written with his
dad David Shapiro say it's so Papa Dada
me and the 2005 White Sox championship
season
alright so yesterday I was talking about
the outrage business which is kind of
like what everybody in the media is in
and how they recognize and you know they
can tell it they can tell everything you
like now by what you click right so
though all those things get registered
and they all get counted and everybody
can figure out oh this is the stuff that
people like and they find out that
people like outraged they like to feel
really angry at the opposite side so
they know you get more clicks get more
views if you're selling outrage but the
thing is if you're going to sell outrage
you also have to sell catastrophe
because if things aren't really really
really bad and getting really really
really worse and if they're not really
really dangerous you know then you're
not going to be as outrage is not going
to be as dangerous Michael do something
useful with your life instead of just
clicking on things that outraged you
okay so I think that this this whole
idea you know whenever you hear I mean
look they're always things going on and
we're in a period of real change I said
this before but it is true that things
are really changing because that's sort
of we've sort of caught up with the fact
that a consensus has fallen apart the
post-war consensus of what America was
what we were all doing has kind of
collapsed and it's you can blame the
left but maybe it's just it's time ran
out it also has to do with Europe and
I'll talk about that in a little while
it has to do with what with what's
happening to Europe and what has
happened here which was after all our
founding they were
founding continent our ideas came from
them so whenever you hear somebody say
when in a period of change like this
with all the furniture flying around
were in zero gravity and you don't know
where everything's going to land good
things are bad things and bad things are
going to happen all the time and when
you look at those good things where you
look at those bad things and you think
ah you know if this continues along this
line we will get to this place well of
course that's true but who knows which
line is going to follow through whenever
I hear anybody say if present trends
continue I always think the words after
that should be in Swahili you know if
the president trends continue Galaga
Booga of all I thought about because it
doesn't mean anything how do you know
which trends are going to continue you
don't look on occasion people who make
predictions you're going to get things
right but if you don't know which
predictions are going to be right what
is the point of them so the point is
this the catastrophes that we sell are
just as ridiculous as saying everything
is going to be great you know Ramesh
Ponnuru a writer for national review I
saw him on a panel once and somebody
asked him if he was optimistic and I'm
not quoting him but basically what he
said is what difference does it make
what whether I'm optimistic or
pessimistic what difference does it make
what I feel about things is nothing to
do with going what is going to happen
and the thing is the thing that is so
unnerving right now is there is a large
segment of our leadership class of our
media and I know this is left but it's
our media and our entertainment gurus
the guys who stand up at awards
ceremonies and make speeches and our
universities that have lost the plot of
American freedom you know but it's not
everybody and that's really important I
mean that decision I mentioned yesterday
which the Supreme Court in an anonymous
decision a unanimous decision was a doe
because Gorsuch hadn't wasn't there when
the argument was made but they basically
said there was this asian band that
called themselves the slants and the
government refused to copyright their
name to give them a you know a patent on
their name because they said it was
offensive and this was also important to
I guess the Washington Redskins who had
their copyright taken away for their
name because they said it was offensive
and they
we're trying to hammer away you know
these these free speech rights and eight
to zero the Supreme Court said no you
know you can't do that the government
doesn't have the right to sense of
speech one of the arguments was is that
because it was a copyright a government
a government copyright it was government
speech which can be regulated but no
it's not true and Sam Alito wrote the
decision on one side where he because
they were divided and the reasons they
said no he said speech that demeans on
the basis of race ethnicity gender
religion age disability or any other
similar ground is hateful but the
proudest boast of our free speech
jurisprudence is that we protect the
freedom to express quote the thought
that we hate which is a quote from a
classic 1929 dissent from justice Oliver
Wendell Holmes jr. and Anthony Kennedy
wrote the danger of viewpoint
discrimination is that the government is
attempting to remove certain ideas or
perspectives from a broader debate that
danger is all the greater if the ideas
or perspectives are ones a particular
audience might think offensive at least
at first hearing to permit viewpoint
discrimination in this context is to
permit government censorship and the
thing is it's about who decides right
it's about who makes the decision if
nobody can make the decision then all
free speech then all speech is free and
all ideas get out there and ideas have
to win on the basis of their qualities
this by the way stands in opposition
because we're talking about how do you
tell which way the trends are going this
stands in opposition to a Massachusetts
case in which a young girl I think she
was like seventeen Michelle Carter was
found guilty of involuntary manslaughter
in the 2014 death of her boyfriend who
killed himself by inhaling carbon
monoxide in his pickup truck okay this
was the judge came to this decision that
that she was guilty of involuntary
manslaughter because you know these are
a two troubled people and she he was 18
and she rating for 17 and you know they
were two trouble people and the guy
Conrad Roy said he was going to commit
suicide and she at first tried to talk
him out of it but then she started to
convince convince him to go through with
it
and he got into his pickup truck and he
gassed himself with the carbon monoxide
here is the judge to live
explaining in part his reason for
finding her guilty Church Lawrence even
though just several days before that she
had requested is there phone numbers for
mr. Roy bein had a payment and it opened
a line of communication with Camden Roy
when I believe July 10th for just a few
days before the events in question
she called no one
and finally she did not issue a simple
additional construction get out of the
truck
consequently this Court has found that
the Commonwealth has proven beyond a
reasonable doubt the misguided actions
and also her failure to act where she
had a self-created duty to mr. Roy since
she had put him into that toxic
environment constituted agent of wanted
and reckless conduct and this court
further finds that the Commonwealth has
proven beyond a reasonable doubt that
said conduct caused the death of mr. Roy
now the problem with this of course is
that it takes out the will of mr. Roy
and that is the problem with a lot of
arguments against free speech is that
you have a mind you have a will you can
be convinced you can act on your own she
did not she did things that were really
bad he got out of the cab at one point
and of the truck and she said get back
in you know these are things that
obviously she can be held accountable
but you know accountable for but he did
the deed he was the one who made the
decision she acted recklessly and all
that stuff but she didn't kill him and
it's not manslaughter I do not agree
with this decision and I hope it gets
overturned I you know I think that this
is what we're talking about we're
talking about this idea that we need to
be kept safe from you know other
people's thoughts from other people's
words and actions in this whole notion
that speeches violence the speech is
actually an action you know there's some
speed there's some kinds of speech that
are actions like a promise or a threat
which is basically the same thing you
know I'm going to do if you come and
paint my house I'm going to pay you 50
bucks
you know that's a promise and you can be
reg that can be regulated so that if I
don't do follow through on that promise
I've broken the contract if you don't
pay me your restaurant is going to go up
in smoke that's a threat those things
can be regulated but you know for
instance we were talking yesterday about
staging Julius Caesar with Donald Trump
the Caesar that is not the same thing it
can't be regulating this idea that we're
so helpless and we all need to run to
our safe spaces as nonsense and let me
just say before we're going to break
away from Facebook and and YouTube in a
little while but before I do I've been
really
we miss about something our friends
dennis prager and Adam Carolla
are trying to raise money to fight back
against this whole idea of safe spaces
on campus they're trying to make a movie
about this called no safe spaces and
they made this little funny video to
promote it take a look the University of
tomorrow is here a place of discovery
tolerance and acceptance we prepare our
students for the models workforce by
helping them discover their true gender
sexualities and racial identity we judge
people based on racial origin and
history of oppression we call it the
progressive step I'm black I'm Hispanic
I'm Asian I'm a student at utopia
University this university was created
so I could be me unless I don't want to
be me then I can just be somebody else
you can be next to me our campus is
inclusive it recognizes the needs all
students except the Jews our commitment
to diversity means that nobody graduates
until they think just the right way at
utopia University there are no violent
words to hurt me I will punch you if
you're a fascist
I'm going to be the next Che Guevara we
speak out against privilege we check our
privilege welcome to utopia you oh so
Dennis and Adam are making a movie
called no safe spaces they're raising
money for it on indie go-go if you
google no safe spaces we'll take you
right there and you can give them a
couple of bucks to get their movie
started there's only a few days left and
this is my fault I kept meaning to do it
in fact Michael Knowles was going to
talk about it on Monday but because we
don't have Skype he couldn't come on so
I and then I forgot so so go ahead and
give him give him some though if you've
got it to help them make a movie because
it's a really good idea and we need to
get this idea and I'll talk more about
it not the idea that we need to get out
but first I have to answer the question
that I know is on everybody's mind how
come I look so fantastic and it's a
burden you know you walk around looking
this beautiful you know you owe it to
people to tell tell them what it is that
you do and what I do is I exercise like
crazy and you know people talk about
exercise like it's like it's something
to keep you alive
you know it's like a you'll live longer
don't smoke be healthy eat this way and
you'll live longer
but you know the thing is look we're all
constitutions to fortune you could be
you can be run over by a truck tomorrow
the point is while you're alive you want
to feel and look good because science
and medicine has extended our lives but
unfortunately it has tended the good
part it's extended the end you know we
will live in our teens and 20s and 30s
and 40s longer we just live and get
older and older and older so you want
your quality of life to stay the same
Beachbody on demand is an online fitness
streaming service it gives you unlimited
access to a wide variety of highly
effective world-class workouts and their
personalized to meet your needs so
instead of going to the gym which I
would have rather have a screwdriver
stuck in my ear than go to the gym you
can just get this stuff online
it has extensive nutritional content all
proven to help people achieve their
health and fitness goals step-by-step
program guides workout calendars
comprehensive nutrition plans and
innovative portion control focus cooking
show call fixate and the motivation and
support of a growing community Beachbody
on demand is the total package and this
is a you know it's a big deal when you
have that support because you have
people cheering you on and Beachbody on
demand will even have people come to
your house no they won't have people
come to your house but they will
encourage you and support you it's got
all kinds of familiar brands p90x which
is insane
insanity also insane 21 day fix lots of
great programs that you can use and you
know you can claim a let me just get to
the good stuff because you want to know
how you can get this for cheap this is
really good by the way if you travel
frequently or if you just don't want to
go to the to the gym it's a brand new
service but already has almost a million
members you can claim a free 30-day
membership by just texting Andrew to 300
300 300 and you get a full 30 days of
access to this entire platform for free
just text Andrew to 300 300 300 and you
will get Beachbody on demand with over
600 different workouts plus nutritional
advice
tomorrow is mail bag but you gotta
subscribe to the daily wire com2
your questions in and change your life
come on over to the Daily wire calm now
because you're going to lose us if
you're on Facebook or YouTube
