the whole thing was a sham at a circus
and a charade an utter disgrace I think
the entire thing this whole the last two
weeks culminating in this in this
hearing I think it all adds up to
certainly the lowest point in modern
American political history maybe the
lowest point in American political
history period it was just it's the kind
of thing where you watch it and you say
to yourself well there's really no
healing this country is there if this is
how far we've fallen and if you have one
side of the political aisle that this is
how evil they are and they have just so
completely detached themselves from any
semblance of morality integrity honesty
basic human decency and they will do
literally anything literally anything to
destroy the people who come against them
if that's where we are then and more
than that more concerning that if we
have half of the country about who could
watch something like that you know can
sit down and watch all of that and see
what's happened over the last two weeks
and see all of that and say yeah this is
fair this is right this is how it should
be those kinds of people I just what
they're living in a different universe
for many and frankly you know watching
the hearing I all I kept thinking to
myself is not watching these Democrats
and their and their despicable
disgraceful performance all I could
think of I am ashamed to share a country
with these people I wish that I did not
have to share a country with them
