with the investigation into Trump's
collusion with Russia stalled on the
fact that Trump never colluded with
Russia Democrats have issued a call for
quote new useless investigations into
even more meaningless matters unquote
among the issues Democrats want to
investigate are where do babies come
from and when did Donald Trump know it
who put the bomb in the bompa bom / bomb
and do you think I need to see a doctor
about this mark on my chest or is it
just a mole Democrats say these
questions cannot be answered without
forming new committees appointing
special counsels and holding gigantic
magnifying glasses up to their eyes so
that their faces look extra big Adam
Schiff who wears many hats as an
investigator including one with a
propeller that goes around in a circle
when he pulls the string under his chin
says the House Committee on shiny
objects needs to open an inquiry into
whether Donald Trump is obstructing
justice when he fired James Comey or
whether it was when he fired Andrea Lake
during the fifth season of The
Apprentice
she told reporters quote I know Comey
behaved in a suspiciously partisan and
self-serving manner but I thought Andrea
deserved another chance
unquote shifts as a special counsel
should also be appointed to examine
whether it was Republicans who stole his
GI Joe figure when he was 8 years old
or if his big brother really did stick
its head in the garbage disposal to get
Joe to confess to where he put the
aquaman comic collection House Minority
Leader Nancy Pelosi issued a statement
saying quote I am hereby calling for a
thorough inquiry into why I woke up in
the broom closet with a big lipstick
mouth drawn on my forehead this morning
also who drank the bottle of tequila I'd
been saving for whenever I remember when
my birthday is
unquote Pelosi says she plans to chair a
committee that will look into what day
it is why her blouse is buttoned
incorrectly and how if she parked her
car in the garage on Pike Street like
always it ended up on a lawn in
Alexandria with a life-size plush toy of
Stuart the one-eyed minion from the
despicable Me movies in the driver's
seat Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer is also calling for a thorough
investigation into whether the
heart-shaped watch the wizard gave The
Tin Man really will confer courage on
the loveable metal wood cutter or should
courage be considered a universal right
so that when the unicorns escape from
Narnia they can be rounded up and sent
to Wonderland for free Schumer says he
feels certain these
investigations will lead to the
impeachment of Donald Trump a rousing
victory for Democrats in the midterms
and his own elevation to the Iron Throne
of Westeros where he will rule over the
seven lands meanwhile Republicans are
working on a new tax reform plan but
Democrats say such non-investment I'm
and money
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show just take
it easy there's a reason we also sing
she said she got me through the Zipit
easing it's a wonder all right the
Clavin this weekend comes to an end but
I have to say for me it was a Clavin
liske laborious weekend because I see I
have I am here today with you with two
hours and 15 minutes of sleep so it's
going to be a long show in which I say
very such as if I start to be
incomprehensible or struktur forget my
words that's why I was on a virgin
American flight Mathis tells me it's a
great airline but they messed up
something awful it got in it was
supposed to get in it it's 7:30 or 8:00
I think I got in at 1:00 in the morning
I got home at 2:00 I didn't get to
that's almost 3:00 in the morning I had
to wake up at 5:00 5:30 to start the
show prep so I am a little bit insane
plus plus our studio is still in
shambles right we still don't have the
Skype so we can't Knowles Michael
Knowles our control of trolls Michael
Knowles sounds like a song but our 12
trolls Michael knows in New York and we
can't have them on because we still
don't have Skype and you may say to
yourself you may say why are you you
have so many incompetence and you know
malfeasant you know what jokes in that
half a day Lee wire who can't put a
studio together and the reason is we
didn't go to zip recruiter dot-com
it's a hire our people so we thought it
would be good if we just contracted with
the county to use their chain gang
prisoners and maybe you know round up a
couple of people who escaped from
asylums but in
said we should have gone to zip
recruiter dot-com with zip recruiter you
can post your job to a hundred-plus job
sites with just one click and then their
powerful technology efficiently matches
the right people to your job better than
anyone else certainly better than the
county and it's chain gang that's why
zip recruiter is different unlike other
job sites zip recruiter doesn't depend
on candidates finding you it finds them
in fact over 80% of jobs posted on zip
recruiter get a qualified candidate in
just 24 hours that is amazing no
juggling emails or calls to your office
simply screen rate and manage candidates
all in one place with zip recruiters
easy-to-use dashboard find out today why
zip recruiter has been used by
businesses of all sizes to find the most
qualified job candidates with immediate
results and right now my listeners can
post jobs on zip recruiter for free that
is right that's free just in case you
were trying to count that up go to zip
recruiter dot-com slash daily Wire zip
recruiter dot-com slash daily wire to
try it for free go to zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire if you look around at
this studio quickly it's a shambles you
will know that the chain gang and the
escapees from the Psalms don't work all
right
rage rage is the topic of the day real
it really is I mean it's just been after
this shooting in DC the wounding of
representative Scalise and just a thing
that was just so close to being an utter
utter tragedy and disaster everybody is
looking at each other and wondering
who's why is everybody so angry and
who's to blame I have to say that I
should start I'm going to start this
conversation with some good news that
literally just came over some Supreme
Court decisions are beginning to trickle
in and the Supreme Court has unanimously
reaffirmed there is no hate speech
exception to the First Amendment and
that is good news because we do not want
the government deciding what speech of
ours is hateful because of course it's
hateful if you disagree that's the whole
point and this is the thing that
happened over the weekend I actually got
into a Twitter fight I couldn't believe
it I never ever ever get on Twitter
fights I never challenge anybody on
Twitter I never argue with people
Twitter I just won't do it because it
it's first of all it's a battle of wits
with unarmed people most of the time but
secondly it's just like it's ridiculous
it's a ridiculous way and it's just
because you can't see the other person
relate to the other person
it is conducive to rage and anger and as
I only say anger is the devil's cocaine
that is one of the mottos of this show
and this hosts anger is the devil's
cocaine and you know every time I say it
I have to explain it because people
immediately write and say no no Sanger
is righteous some anger is righteous but
no anger is righteousness and the
problem is anger makes you feel
righteous and you start to do stupid
stuff and feel righteous doing it and it
feels good and it's just an addictive
addictive drug and one of the other
things about this is we in the media all
kinds of people in the media especially
on social media we are cocaine dealers
you know I noticed this when I was a
little kid I remember noticing when I
was a little kid you know in my teens
but in my young teens you know we get
the New York Times delivered to the
house of course rural liberal household
although back then the New York Times
was still a newspaper so it was you know
it was pretty decent and I noticed that
your eyes would go to the things that
outraged you that outrage you would
immediately look at something that made
you angry and your eye would flick to
that of course now social media and all
the websites all the news sites they
have noticed this too because now they
can do studies and find out what gets
clicked so they can find out that you
will click on something that outrages
you so you you know when you see this
that clickbait that says you won't
believe what the guy and the other party
said you will hit that thing and you'll
get angrier and angrier and angrier and
it builds up and it feels like
righteousness it feels like
righteousness but it's just anger okay
and so this is why the right got in a
fight on Twitter about this effort to
shop down the place Shakespeare in the
park was doing Julius Caesar with Julius
Caesar as Donald Trump so I called him
Orange Julius and so every day on in
Central Park people were watching I
think the play ended last night I think
it was a last performance last night or
the night before
every night people were watching Donald
Trump get assassinated and I don't care
what their meaning was I know it's a
complex play I know it's a play that
really says you know assassination is
not such a good thing because leads to
war in the end of the Republic all the
same that was a despicable ugly stupid
outrageous useless thing to do it was a
conformist thing to do because everybody
in the theater is on the same side it
was a conformist thing to do because
everybody in the audience was probably
on the same side or there abouts it was
it was shallow and it was ugly and it
was ridiculous but but it was wrong to
break in to kind of trolls somebody else
did it again last night or the night
before on Friday two trolls went out and
and who was it it was Laura bloomers
other name from from heat street yet
rebel media I'm sorry Laura Loomer from
rebel media sorry because it's an all
right website and an all right activist
Jack Poe sobic went on and started
screaming the Loomer was arrested in
ordered to make a court appearance to
face charges and Twitter erupts and many
people on Twitter including some people
I like very much John Nolte my pal and
and by the way I should add John Nolte
is a good friend I really like John
Nolte a lot we really get along and
Nolte wrote to me and offered to debate
me because I disagreed with him on
Twitter and he offered to debate me and
I would love to have months of debate
and we will hopefully get him on to
debate but we don't have Skype so I
can't bring people on so he was
completely Noble and outspoken he would
come on and you know face the music
because he knows I'll destroy him
because he's totally in the wrong but
but equal if you would do it and so I
don't want to sound like he's a bad guy
but it really didn't know me that
Shapiro said you know Ben Shapiro our
Ben Shapiro went on and said this is a
bad thing and this woman from rebel
media Laura Loomer says oh well you
weren't there you were just lying on
your sofa and this the reason I got into
the started to respond is because of
course it was Sabbath it was Saturday so
Ben can't go on Twitter right that's the
idea that this clown is going to leave
this tweet on for 24 hours
then who walks through you know police
lines he walks through riots he walks
through all this stuff you know to all
these social justice warriors snowflakes
screaming at him to speak but he doesn't
shut down other people's speech right he
doesn't shut down other people speaking
the idea that she could attack him well
he wasn't on Sabbath really bugged me so
I actually answer to which I almost
never do I left is it that luckily so
it's essentially it's all the fault of
the Jews that's what it was that though
it's all Shapiro's fault because he was
celebrating his the dark rites of
whatever he does on Saturday but here's
the thing about this it's not a bad
thing because it's Smash Mouth politics
I understand Smash Mouth politics it's
not a bad thing because we you know oh
you know I'm I they can be tough but we
can't be tough because of my principles
it's a bad thing because you're not
fighting for what we fight for what we
fight for is free speech it's not free
speech to interrupt the play that's a
bogus argument it's not free speech to
shut other down other people's speech
when they are have the right to speak
because it's a theatre people have paid
to watch the play they're there to watch
the play it's not an incitement to kill
Donald Trump it's a play in which they
made a good political statement it's
outrageous and you feel outraged but
that doesn't make it an outrage and
outrage like a rape or something you
know a war atrocity it's not war this is
the other thing they keep saying well
it's a war and oh no war we have it it's
not war and I'll tell you why it's not a
war because the purposes of our war and
political fights are different the
purpose in a war is to slaughter as many
of your enemies as you can until the
other side surrenders the purpose in a
political fight is to convince those
people who can be convinced to come on
your side in the next to vote and vote
down the opposition and in the case of
the far left hopefully to you know
eliminate them as a political force and
the funny thing about this is we're
winning this fight we're winning this
fight the left has lost a thousand seats
through the Barack Obama years there
their media is collapsing nobody's
watching their media they're their
universities are losing people because
of the things that go on there
everything everything is they've lost
credibility everybody hates the media
and
now we're going to give them talking
points by stopping free speech ourselves
you can't fight if you're not fighting
for what you believe in right it's not
about being this is not like you know
people beat their chests and they use
this hyper macho talk on Twitter yeah we
got to do this oh you have to do that we
got to show them and they just us so we
can do it for them which what good is it
if you're not fighting for the things we
fight for we fight for free speech and
as you saw on that Supreme Court this is
you know we're winning that speech so a
lot of this is just about anger and the
rage pardon me I have to keep injecting
coffee or I'm just going to pitch
forward face forward unto my keyboard
here Peggy Noonan wrote a piece about
rage in the Wall Street Journal and her
column in the Wall Street Journal and I
really like the way Peggy Noonan covered
the election I always say Peggy I like
taking you nutrition rights like a girl
and what I mean by that is that she
brings a come a womanly sensibility of
so many women who write political
columns basically imitate men and they
are not as good as some of the men
columnist but Peggy Noonan I also think
this is true of Hemingway
you know she brings a certain female
Sensibility that enlightens corners
things that you know don't get
enlightened by male columnist
unfortunately she also when I when I she
goes astray I think she also goes astray
in certain ways that I can't follow
because they're a little softer for me
and ever since Trump has been elected
she's been sort of trying to find a way
to bring people together and I don't
think I think there is a way to bring
people together I'm not hopeless that we
can come back together and I'll talk
about that in a while but I don't think
it's going to be by being nice right you
know I was I was joking with Shapiro
over the weekend that I believe in I
believe in useless calls for evanescent
civility because they passed the time
and they distract people so I can sneak
out and get a drink and I think you know
use the problem with useless calls for
evanescent civility is that they just
they just evolve into arguments about
who broke the truce first that's all
that happens it's like oh yeah well you
call for civility but then some clown on
Twitter said this you know so it just
completely disappears and it really is
effing it really does
appear so that is not the answer but
there are some answers but what we got
to say goodbye to people on Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
calm so you can hear the rest of the
show but you could watch the whole thing
there if you would just subscribe a
lousy eight bucks a month and you get to
be in the mail bag and ask questions and
have all your life's problems solved
plus if you subscribe for a year you get
Ben Shapiro and David Shapiro's new book
and here it is say it's so and I it's a
great title because it refers it's about
the 2005 White Sox championship season
and of course the Black Sox the scandal
of the Black Sox
somebody said say it ain't so Joe say we
you aren't dirty so this is say it so
because they actually won which had not
happened in Ben's lifetime and will
never happen in his lifetime again but
anyway good book you can get that as a
gift if you subscribe for a year so come
on over to the daily wire com
