nearly 15,000 students graduate with
gender and cultural studies degrees each
year 15,000 innocent young people conned
out of their money and left for
brain-dead
it's a national disgrace what happens to
a young person who has suffered this
fate it's more than likely he or she
they or it or whatever the poor slob has
been taught to call himself goes on to
commit the same terrible crime against
others that has been committed against
him or hit or whatevs
by writing gender study or cultural
study articles in peer-reviewed journals
our crack team of hard-working
researchers managed to unearth some of
these articles by taking time out during
the cut scenes of Ratchet and Clank to
read a piece by Elizabeth Harrington of
free beacon dot-com
all articles and quotes are non made-up
a peer-reviewed article published last
year in progress in human geology was
entitled glaciers gender and science a
feminist glaciology framework for global
environmental change research the
article says that while glaciers are
quote key icons of climate change the
relationships among gender science and
glaciers remain under study this paper
proposes a feminist Glaciology leading
to more just and equitable human ice
interactions unquote to be fair this
article did improve my personal
relationship with ice by causing me to
pour a large dollop of whiskey over
another article from dance research
journal is called the Pilates pelvis
racial implications of the immobile hips
this article quote examines the
treatment of the pelvis in the Pilates
exercises single leg stretch and leg
circles which reinforce behaviors of a
racially white aesthetic unquote in
order to personally check this assertion
I watched dozens of videos of scantily
clad women stretching their sleek well
toned legs
open and closed up was I talking about
oh yes another example of the tragic
detritus left behind by the my gender
and cultural studies students comes from
a publication called men and masculinity
z' which features articles by people who
seem never to have experienced either
one article puts forward the theory that
the condition known as impotence or
erectile dysfunction is a fiction meant
to reinforce quote dominant phallic
Radek notions of healthy male
heterosexuality unquote the author
asserts that by using feminist analysis
she will eliminate the perceived need
for an erection I can personally testify
that that works like a charm
and finally from the journal SSRN comes
the article the lactating man which says
quote lactation and breastfeeding are
typically viewed as inherently female
activities this article questions this
gender normativity of milk and argues
that male lactation blurs the
distinction between male and female as
well as perhaps between humans and
animals unquote police are still hunting
for the author of this article to make
sure she doesn't go anywhere near
children or men more cows I think these
sad documents prove beyond a shadow of a
doubt that gender and cultural studies
are among the leading causes of
ignorance stupidity and madness I will
call for their complete abolition but I
need to laughs
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
we are back the last day before the
Clavin 'list weekend has been counted
Clavin last week to be honest and even
though I was here I couldn't get you
should see if you could see the place
that we are broadcasting I feel like I'm
broadcasting out of the ruins of Berlin
at this point I should be talking in
German we did get our sign back this is
good I mean this this is the most
expensive part and we do have our two
lights that are stolen from the no-tell
motel rooms rented by the hour
it's the floppy somebody it's some
hooker and the lobbies going with the
lights so we today we are going to talk
about the New York Times because you
remember the old story about the
psychiatrist who tries to cure the
optimist kid by bringing him into a room
that's just full of horse manure and the
kid is so thrilled he starts digging
through the horse manure and he says
with all this manure there's got to be a
pony here's someplace the New York Times
is now perfected being pure manure no
Pony gonna get to that in a little while
but first we have to talk about quip and
the reason quip comes up is because you
know we've been missing Michael Noel's
while we've been around today and I saw
on Twitter that Knowles tweeted out his
breakfast today which was a cup of
coffee in a cigar so if you have a cup
of coffee in a cigar for breakfast your
teeth they're going to look horrible
they're gonna look just absolutely black
and disgusting and if you want to know
how to keep your teeth white and clean
you got to use an electric toothbrush
they really work I use them all the time
they really work well they really do
keep all the stains off your teeth but
but the typical electric toothbrush is
like the size of a cannon it's like
carrying a cannon around when you travel
you have to leave it behind and that is
why there is quip which quip is a
beautifully designed sleek electric
toothbrush works on a triple-a battery I
think it is and is just as a super slim
design you can pack it if you're
traveling you can throw it in your dock
yet it works great and it solves the
other problem which electric
toothbrushes have which is that you can
subscribe and for just five bucks every
three months they'll send you a new
brush because you're supposed to replace
these things every three months and it's
really easy to forget you know who knows
when you bought the thing you know
you're gonna mark it on your calendar no
this just shows up at your door with a
new brush you which you will need quip
is back by leading dentists and was
named as one of Time Magazine's best
inventions of 2016 they won a 2016 GQ
grooming award and lots of other things
and you can see you just have to look at
it you'll see equip starts at just 25
bucks and right now to get quit if you
go to quip comm slash Clavin you'll get
your first refill pack free with a quip
electric toothbrush that's quip comm
slash Clavin que la vie a n your first
refill pack free at quip comm slash
Clavin GE t qu IP dot-com slash Clavin
they're really good they they're just
good-looking and that the electric
toothbrush is terrific for your teeth
before we talk about obviously we're
still dealing with the aftermath of this
terrible shooting it's just how you know
when these things when you avoid the big
disaster I mean Steve Scalise is still
in critical condition so it could to
generate into a disaster but when you
think about what it could have been I
mean the nightmare that it could have
been you know you it means that you've
avoided this disaster which is the main
thing but there's the subheading of the
fact that now you don't really realize
the full effect of what happened and the
full reality of what happened and the
reason for that we have to say has to do
with two people named Crystal Greiner
and David Bailey who were the cops the
police the Capitol Police who were
assigned to Scalise because he was in
the leadership and wouldn't have been
there had they not been somebody in
leadership a president and they just
opened fire on the shooter were wounded
continued firing and were and took the
guy out and also ran to help the victims
at the same time amazing heroes and I
think that here is a stupid obvious
point that no I haven't heard anyone
make because it's kind of politically
incorrect so if you can't come here to
here stupid obvious politically
incorrect points where are you going to
go I just want to point out that these
two cops very high
ability that they're Democrats okay and
the reason I say that is only four
person in Washington DC voted for Donald
Trump these are two people of some
Collie know there's some shade of brown
the two of them
crystal Greiner is married is a woman
married to a woman so these are people
in the kind of typical constituency of
the Democrat Party and if it's fair to
point out the the fact that the shooter
was a leftist and was acting on leftist
principles for leftist reasons he was a
Bernie bro he was the only was killing
and it's if it's also fair to point out
as I have repeatedly pointed out that
the people that the black lives the
white cops that the black lives matter
and the New York Times are always
pillory are risking their lives to
defend the black lives matter
constituency I think it's fair to point
out that underneath all the screaming
and yelling we're doing at each other
are people on both sides of high
nobility and grace who we should be
talking about at you know from time to
time we should remember that even though
it is is right and good and fitting for
us to fight at the top of our lungs and
fight fervently and even viciously at
times for the things that we believe in
you know I always say this I'm a
conservative because I'm a liberal I'm a
conservative because I want everyone to
be free everyone to do what he wants I
don't want the cops breaking in on a in
the into a gay person's bedroom any more
than I want the cops breaking in on my
bedroom and I was alive at the time when
that could happen so I don't want that
happening I don't want a florist who for
religious reasons won't go to a gay
wedding won't service a gay wedding I
don't want her him or her penalized any
more than I want myself to be penalized
I mean it my freedom is depends on
everybody else's freedom and that is a
conservative principle now that only one
side believes in that only one side
believes in free speech and so I am a
conservative for this some of the people
on behalf of some of the people who hate
me and some of the people who demonize
me you know and this this brings me to a
story I want to talk about while we by
way I will get back to the shooting in
the aftermath of the shooting but I want
to talk about a stupid story about
Stephen Miller from hede Street and it's
not the Stephen mr.
but there he won Wonder Woman came out a
theater in New York the Alamo Theatre
announced that we're going to have a
woman only screaming and Steven Miller
decided to troll them by buying a ticket
to the woman only screening and posting
it on Twitter and his point was first of
all just to annoy them obviously but but
his real point was that in New York
State it's illegal to keep people out of
a public place on gender grounds on
grounds of gender or race or anything
like that so he was saying you know that
while this they're being triumphantly
feminists they are also barred breaking
the law and nobody had pointed this out
and of course Twitter went nuts and they
were yelling at him why do you have to
do this and you know rolling their eyes
I don't know men this is typical men and
all the stuff and he got all these
things and he was hammered and hammered
just complete you know complete Twitter
madness the usual thing that happens on
Twitter when you disagree with somebody
just slinging insults curse words the
whole thing so he goes to the movie
right and he walks in and he gives his
ticket and they're sitting there in the
movie you know they got one guy I guess
in this in this theater and he writes
this he says I didn't know what to
expect showing up to an advertised
all-women's screening of Wonder Woman
where radical outrage mongers on Twitter
were offering bounties to either mace me
in the face or dumped soda on my head
okay that's what they were saying when I
took my seat there were no hisses no
soda bombs no photographs no Daily Show
ambushes or mobs of proud boys whatever
the hell they are no managers asking me
to leave by the the reaction upon
arrival it became apparent how twitter
outrage is not real life and as I had
predicted no one in the theater would
care this was a movie theater not a
college campus and everyone there was
there for the same reason it's the most
anti climactic case of a man buying a
movie ticket in recent history but that
one line I think is really important to
remember that Twitter outrage is not
real life and when you have a shooting
like we had yesterday where Republicans
were targeted and people go on Twitter
and some of them were people who should
know better who worked for venues like
Huffington Post and they should be fired
and of course that guy Milo's what's his
name guy does
daily coasts was one of them just saying
horrible violent ugly things about the
victims but most of the people saying
those things they don't represent
anybody they have no constituency you
know or if they have a constituency it's
one another most of us understand that
this is not the way to go forward and I
think the problem is the problem the
problem is that the media business model
is built to service the outrage it is
built to service the people who are
angriest and and this is you know it's
more on the left because they have more
media than they than we do they have
more media that is supposed to be and
these are the real offenders they have
more media that is supposed to be
objective and straightforward and fair
and balanced and isn't they have ABC
they have CBS they have NBC they have
CNN all of them supposed to be Direct
News New York Times all the news that's
fit to print and and they are all lying
and they're the ones who are following
this business model it's different when
we at the Daily wire a right-wing site
or the folks at MSNBC a left-wing place
when they service their constituency
that's different than what you're seeing
at for instance the New York Times the
business model is to serve the people
you know will come back because a lot of
people who aren't angry a lot of people
who aren't consistently outraged aren't
thinking about politics all the time you
know Americans traditionally don't think
about politics all the time because
that's one of the good things about
freedom you don't have to think about
politics all the time so if you want to
serve your audience you have to you have
to say outrageous biased things on the
left or right and that to serve that
business model has become you know it
used it used to be things like CBS NBC
and ABC they were liberal but they
weren't what they are now which is
simply manufactured hatred left-wing
hatred this comes comes out and it's
very divisive because we all feel were
being lied to
which brings me to the New York Times
but before I talk to the New York Times
I've got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube that means you got to come over
to the Daily wire.com to hear the rest
of the show and to subscribe and if you
subscribe for the year you get Ben's new
book about the championship white sox
that's it's a you have to do that's an
annual subscription it's a lousy eight
bucks a month and that lousy eight bucks
a month you
be in the mailbag which as you saw
yesterday results in all your problems
being solved so come on over to the
daily wire calm
