the media has become obsessed with
reporting rumors about the tensions
within the Trump administration as
opposed to being obsessed with reporting
the news telling the truth or not being
slimy knuckleheads damaging the country
with their hysterical opposition to
Republicans no siree so here's a roundup
of recent reporting about the inner
workings of the administration as the
reports came direct from our nose for
news journalist NBC has reported that
anonymous sources told someone familiar
with the situation who called the friend
of a friend who then told the girl in
the NBC mail room he was sleeping with
whenever Capote he was supposed to be it
was supposed to be his weekend with the
kids that Donald Trump is angry at
attorney general Jeff sessions sessions
recused himself from the investigation
into whether there was collusion between
the cartoon Russian spies from the old
rocky and bullwinkle shows and people
Trump fired so long ago but one can
remember who they are the rumored
reports of reported rumors that there
are tensions between Trump concessions
come hard on the heels of reported
rumors that there are rumored reports of
tensions between Trump and Steve Bannon
Bannen of course is chief strategist in
charge of destroying all that's good and
true in the universe in order to
establish the supremacy of the white
race over his office which has been
moved next to the West Wing men's room
according to the Washington Post where
democracy dies in darkness but turning
on the light spikes the electricity bill
so to hell with it
Trump fell out with Bannen over bannon's
falling out with sessions over his
falling-out with Trump The Post received
word of the feud from an anonymous
friend of an anonymous source actually
named anonymous who said that Trump and
Bannon were seen in an argument in the
Oval Office during which Trump hit
bannon's fists so hard that bannon's arm
swung around in a big circle
causing Bannon to punch himself on top
of the head Bannon responded by trying
to poke the president in the eyes with
two fingers but the president put his
hand on his forehead blocking the strike
and then laughed at Bannon saying quote
Nehemiah can yuck whereupon Bannon
surprised the president by twisting his
nose in a 180 degree circle The Post
report of the feud would then in over
the NBC's reported the feud with
sessions may have been the result of a
report on Axios that Bannon had arranged
the firing of chief of staff Reince
Priebus according to anonymous sources
familiar with the situation of other
anonymous
versus Priebus only continues to show up
for work at the White House because he's
embarrassed to tell his wife that he's
been fired 16 times the reported
previous firings are part of a reported
administration shake-up that could
affect every corner of journalists
imaginations the reported drama and
feuding in the White House will continue
until reporters and wives in DC find
something useful to do with their lives
so don't expect it to end in the
foreseeable future
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Klavan show
