yesterday was Gay Pride Day for those of
you who weren't paying attention or
couldn't give a slice of a rat's
backside but perhaps had something
better to do like picking the little
pieces of sock fluff out from between
your toes Gay Pride Day is a day when
the more irritating sort of homosexuals
strut around making a show of themselves
which is pretty much like every other
day except they all do it in one play so
it ties up traffic Gay Pride Day is
traditionally followed by a sloth day
gay envy day gay wrath day and gay
gluttony day as gays around the country
try to indulge in all seven of the
deadly sins in hopes of bringing back
the good old days when they were
regarded as wicked and fascinated
fascinating instead of just sort of
annoying as gay pride organizer
garrulous Vaughn self put it in an
interview with a Barbie doll he stole
from his sister when he was 10 quote it
used to be people considered gays sinful
and that gave us the cachet of being
naughty and sort of forbidden once we
were more or less accepted it turned out
we were just a bunch of people who sleep
with members of the same sex which when
he come to think about it isn't even as
interesting as sleeping with the
opposite sex which can lead to all sorts
of hilarious misunderstandings and
complications like a completely new
human being coming out of your wife for
us it's just sex and then you know
that's it so we thought we'd have a
parade unquote in fact the entire idea
of pride when applied to a group of
people like gay pride or black pride or
trans pride not only has nothing to do
with pride it has nothing to do with
being gay or black or trans it's simply
a way of roping people into the slavery
of leftism by convincing them they're
part of a victim group that needs
government help and that they can only
have pride in themselves by banding
together and announcing they have pride
in themselves which just by the way
doesn't actually work organizers of the
LGBT Pride Parade in Los Angeles and
Charlotte North Carolina were at least
honest enough to admit the leftism
by making their parades about attacking
Donald Trump the most openly Pro gay
person ever to be elected president but
the fact is you can go walking around in
black skin or dress up and pretend
you're the opposite sex or make out with
your male friend until he regains
consciousness and calls the police
without for
one second believing that the state
should own the fruits of your labor or
that speech should be censored or that
centralized government should be
involved in every decision you make
about everything you can be black or
transor gay and be a conservative which
is called being self-reliant and free
which will give you real pride and then
you won't have to have a fake pride
parade and tie up traffic problem-solve
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
