you know Lindsey Graham during his
beautiful beautiful monologue rant
yesterday during the hearing and it
really was a thing of beauty I probably
watched it two or three more times last
night I watched the clip of it and you
know I said yesterday that it was it's
it's the greatest rant I've ever heard
from a politician ever in my life and
that's not even close to an exaggeration
I think by far it is and I still and I
still believe that the thing that made
it so great it wasn't just cathartic to
listen to although it was that but it
was also important okay not not just
important because of the you know a
effect it has in this particular
situation but important because I think
hopefully it showed something to other
Republicans which is you you got to just
be sick of this stuff you've got to just
be sick of this stuff from the left and
from Democrats and get angry and when I
say get angry I don't mean you know
there's there's the theatrical rehearsed
kind of Republican anger that you see
during campaigns and everything not
talking about that I'm talking about raw
and real where you're not worried about
trying to remain friends with these
people and you're not worried about how
it's gonna be awkward at the cocktail
party when you see them later but but
but really angry in an honest one of the
few times I've seen that from a
Republican and it was a great moment and
it was an important moment I think that
I hope that others other other
Republicans take note of it but he he
said something he said to the Democrats
he said I would never do this to one of
your nominees and he pointed out that he
even voted for for Obama's nominees
which he shouldn't have done because
their judicial philosophies are
disastrous but either way the point is
he said I would never do this to one of
your nominees I would never tear them
ruin them like this like you're doing
and you know something that's true that
actually is true and I look I've I
criticize Republicans all the time I've
criticized Republicans more off
I've criticized Democrats because
they're the ones who are supposed to
allegedly represent me in my interests
so their failures and betrayals and
everything are more important to me and
and and so that's why I've criticized
them so often but so I'm gonna be the
I'm the last one to say that all
Republicans are all perfect and and all
that stuff because that's not true but
it is true that Republicans just they're
not gonna sink that low like Democrats
will think about this Republicans didn't
want Merrick garland confirmed right and
and Democrats are still complaining
about that how look what you did to our
nominee well what did they do they just
didn't vote on him that's all they
didn't want to confirmed so they didn't
vote on him that's it and Merrick
garland is yeah he didn't get to be on
the Supreme Court fine but he can go and
live his life and do whatever he wants
to do I assume he's still a judge
somewhere and you can do whatever he
wants in fact in the end he probably
benefited to some degree by it because
his name got out there and he's a
sympathetic figure at least on the left
now and Republicans don't hate him
nobody hates him he's fine he everything
worked out fine for him so that's all
they didn't vote for him Democrats
though didn't want Brett Kavanaugh
confirmed so they accused him of being a
serial gang rapists and they tried to
ruin and destroy his entire life they
ripped him apart limb from limb because
they didn't want Republicans Republicans
could have tried to do that to Merrick
garland considering they controlled the
Senate they controlled the timing of
everything and and and so they they
could have dug into his past tried to
dig up skeletons I have no idea if he
has skeletons in his closet or not but
they could have made-up skeletons if
they wanted to I mean they could have
found someone somewhere to make some
kind of accusation and and and then
destroyed his life that way but no
instead they just said we're not gonna
vote on him that's all and that's the
difference in fact let's look at recent
history conservatives are very willing
to criticize not just Republicans but
like my conservatives now they're very
willing to criticize their own
in the face of sexual assault
allegations so the liberal centers that
are that are say well the only reason
why all the Conservatives are circling
the wagon around Cavanaugh is because
they want them on the Supreme Court no
that's actually not the reason the
reason why conservatives are are now
they do want them on the Supreme Court
and there is quite a lot at stake here
the lives of children are literally at
stake here but so we do want them on the
Supreme Court but the reason why we're
circling wagons around them is because
we think these charges are bogus and
trumped-up and we think this whole thing
is a coordinated smear campaign because
that's the reason we're circling the
wagons but many conservatives came out
against Roy Moore
no matter how you felt about that the
fact is many conservatives came out
against them even though that was a very
important race for service many
conservatives came out against their own
presidential nominee a month before the
election after the access hollywood tape
surfaced now there are also
conservatives who will circle the wagons
no matter what but the point is that
there does exist a very sizeable chunk
of conservatives who have a certain
standard that they do apply relatively
evenly and fairly to everyone that just
does not exist on the left at all there
might be a few a random few diamonds in
the rough who have some kind of
something approaching a consistent
standard maybe but there is not at all
any kind of sizable preponderance of
leftist who are willing to apply the
standard that they set on that that are
willing to take the standard that they
apply to conservatives and apply it to
their own there they're just as there
are almost none who are willing to do
that what they're doing to Brett
Kavanaugh they're doing only because
they hate him for his ideology no other
reason and because they hate his
ideology they will stop at nothing and
absolutely nothing think about this
there have been almost no Democrats or
liberals
I want to say no because I haven't seen
any but maybe there are one or two I
don't know so there have been almost no
Democrats or liberals who have even
taken the position that look
the Ford allegations seem serious let's
look into those ok that but these others
and I don't think that those allegations
are serious or credible but this is I'm
trying to describe what might be a
somewhat here's here's a position that
the Democrats are leftist could take
that is that at least pretends to almost
sort of be consistent or semi fair kind
of right in that position would be the
Ford allegations yeah those are serious
the stuff about gang rape and and all
that kind of stuff
that's absurd no they're not they won't
even take that position okay they won't
even do that they believe all of it all
of it they'll take all of it so they're
not going to there's no discernment at
all they say yeah the Ford allegations
are serious oh this person's accusing
this person over here is accusing him of
being a serial gang rapist who was part
of a rape cartel a rape mafia with his
other friends and they would literally
wait in lines outside of doors to rape
unconscious women and they did this on
an almost weekly basis for years at a
time and nobody ever called the police
or anything like that there's no
evidence of it it never turned up an FBI
investigation yeah sure that's true
they'll take that too they'll take
anything anything at all if somebody
came forward and said that Brett
Kavanaugh is a serial killer and has has
murdered 50 prostitutes they take that
also they'd say yeah let's have an FBI
investigation into that it's not an
exaggeration they'll take anything the
Democrats on the committee yesterday
before Cavanaugh had even testified in
fact before the hearing itself but even
at the hearing at the hearing before his
testimony they
said and there were at least three at
least three of them said this maybe they
all did some version of it they said to
Christine Ford I believe you
which means consider what that means you
at this hearing
you've got the accuser up there giving
her version which no again as we've gone
over no evidence no witnesses not only
no witnesses but in fact there are
witnesses that refute what she's saying
it doesn't remember remember when where
how she got there remembers almost
nothing except for Brett Kavanaugh
somehow she remembers that 100% and she
remembers the laughter and she remembers
a stairwell okay it's all she remembers
and she remembers conveniently that she
only had one beer so remembers that
absolutely nothing else okay
she's given her version the accused
hasn't even said a word yet at the
hearing and they have already said we
believe you to Ford which means yes
Brett Kavanaugh is a rapist they said
that they declared that without hearing
the other side just based on the
accusation and then Cavanaugh came out
and they demanded an investigation that
was the great thing you know rather than
ask the questions themselves they
demanded that Cavanaugh ask for the FBI
to ask the questions that they could
have just asked if they weren't too busy
asking him to ask the FBI to ask him and
by the way you're hearing from Democrats
and liberals that the confirmation this
is what you're hearing you're hearing
that the confirmation would only be
delayed by a week they're saying look
just delay it by a week that's all just
delay it by a week and have the FBI
investigate that's all we're asking for
it's no big deal just a week that's
reasonable and if you don't know any
better if your obtuse you hear that you
say well okay that's reason only a week
I mean what's a week it's fine right
what's what's a week
what's a week after all this it's a lie
they're liars
it will take a lot longer than a week
for the FBI to conduct an investigation
a lot longer we're talking at least a
couple of months easily law easily eight
or nine months and they know that and
that's the only reason the only reason
they want an FBI investigation because
here's the other thing they know they
know that the FBI investigation will
amount to nothing it will do nothing
because there's nothing to investigate
the accuser has told us everything she
remembers he she remembers almost
nothing they don't even have a location
or a year for when this happened there's
nothing for them to investigate let's
leave a side the fact that they don't
investigate these kinds of things
because it's not a federal crime a
groping allegation against a 17 year old
35 years ago is not a federal crime it's
not within the purview of the FBI but
even if a war there's nothing to
investigate so all they're gonna do is
just interview and get statements from
everybody concerned which has already
happened but they know that they just
want to delay it until after the
midterms that's the only reason they are
such liars everything out of their mouth
is a absolute lie and even if it did
only take a week which it wouldn't but
I'm just saying even if it were only a
week or even if they found some other
excuse to delay things for a week the
reason why they'd want that week is to
dig up more allegations well the point
is they already passed their verdict
okay they already they already passed
their verdict they passed their verdict
before they heard from the accused it's
like a jury it's like a it's like a jury
hearing the Katyn that the prosecutors
case and then reaching its verdict
saying okay he's guilty so then what's
the point of an investigation there's
nothing nothing that will ever make them
change their mind
some one thing Breck haven't I did a
great job the one thing I wish he had
said which I'm not gonna criticize him
for not thinking to say this but given
the circumstances I wouldn't have done
half as well as he did but still he the
one thing I wish he had said to these
Democrat senators who were asking for an
investigation I wish he had said to them
you snakes you already said before I got
up here that you believe her so what do
you want an investigation for you've
already condemned me what are you even
asking me questions for why should I
even answer your questions you're not
trying to get to the truth you've
already made up your mind there's
nothing I could you nobody should have
said you should said senator is there
anything I could say or present to you
that would make you believe me instead
of dr. fort is there anything no there's
nothing
they kept bringing up mark judge they
want to hear from mark judge mark judge
Brett Kavanaugh friend from high school
subpoena mark judge well mark judge
already denied the allegations under
penalty of felony he's already given a
statement so he said no it didn't happen
there's nothing there's not here's the
thing if you're saying that a certain
event never occurred well then there's
nothing else to be said about your
second didn't happen so that's all I
can't I can't answer more questions
about a thing that I'm telling you
didn't happen that's all I can keep
saying is no but but and they already
got their note now if Mark judge had
said yeah this it happened the party was
there there was some kind of interaction
between between us and dr. Ford but it
wasn't quite like that right if he had
said something like that well then okay
yeah then you have a then you have a
very real reason for wanting him there
in front of you so that he could explain
okay so it did happen you're saying it
wasn't quite like that all then what
happened
but there's no reason to have him there
and ask him what happened because he
already told you it didn't happen you
can't say anything else about a thing
that didn't happen except all you keep
saying yes didn't happen didn't happen
didn't happen didn't happen didn't
happen but they want him there anyway so
why do they want a minute let's think
about it why why do the Democrats want
Marc judge who was already denied it why
do they want him there well they want
him because he's just a regular guy he's
a he's a he's a regular guy and he
apparently has a substance abuse problem
which is what we learned at the at the
hearing yesterday and so what they want
to do is they want to parade him in
front of TV cameras and rip him apart
they want to take this guy in his 50s
been struggling with substance abuse his
whole life apparently and we could only
I know nothing about his life whatsoever
but someone who has had the problems for
their whole lives you know you could
only imagine that there are many other
problems compounding on top of that
probably most of the time you know
problems with your family with work
somebody who has a substance been
struggling with substance abuser to now
in their 50s most likely that it has not
been a very happy life but just put it
that way so they want to take this guy
and they want a parade in front of TV
cameras and they want to rip him apart
and dis ice eckel life every detail in
front of a national audience they want
to uh Turley ruin and eviscerate this
poor guy and then condemn Cavanaugh by
association because again there's
nothing to ask him about the event
because he's saying the event didn't
happen so they're not it wouldn't ask
him about that at all I guarantee you if
they had if they had if they had judge
in front of them they would ask him
almost nothing they probably wouldn't
ask him a single question about whether
or not this thing even happened
they want to know all the nitty-gritty
details of his own personal drug use or
alcohol use and they'd want to know all
of that they'd want to know even years
we're even later years where he and
Cavanaugh hardly saw each other and then
they don't even need to connect him to
Cavanaugh directly they all they want to
do is say look at this pitiful alcoholic
guy the Kavanagh was hanging around with
you see they don't need to connect the
dots all they need to do is it's guilt
by association and so publicans of
course aren't gonna let them do that you
think they'd have any mercy on mark
judge I don't know they don't care I
mean they would rip him to pieces and
leave him there just a clump of matter
sitting in front of him and they don't
care if you went home and killed himself
because of what they did they couldn't
care they couldn't possibly care less
not at all someone asked me yesterday
they asked me how do we come back from
this you know with it seems like we've
crossed some kind of threshold here how
do we come back from it well I do think
in one sense we crossed a line to
threshold we entered a place where it
really is now just total war one side
observes absolutely no rules of morality
or etiquette or anything I mean they're
even saying now if they get into power
that they want to impeach Cavanaugh he's
confirmed
so that means Democrats are they getting
the power they want to impeach a sitting
Supreme Court justice and the president
so it's total war for them yeah we
should also keep in mind that we really
cross this threat threshold long ago and
now it's just out in the open
unmistakable but as I've said many times
we long ago entered a place where there
is no common ground between people no
chance of unity people are just living
in different universes I don't
understand how anyone could have watched
the hearing yesterday
and come away feeling like yeah that was
fair on Brett cab and all that was a
fair process for him I don't see how any
human with a soul could think that but
there are quite a lot of humans who do
in America and so they they're at a
different universe I cannot there they
are living in a version of reality
I just can't relate to them it'd be like
trying to hang out with someone who like
just did heroin or something and you're
sober it's you you can't it's their
their mind is somewhere away over there
and what there's no it's like you try to
sit down have a conversation with
someone like that you can't do it it's
like trying to sit down at a
conversation with someone who's who's
you know on LSD or something you can't
there's no way for you to do that
because they're up in the twilight zone
right and that's that's how it is with
the laughs they're permanently on LSD
they're permanently in the twilight zone
I said yesterday yeah you know it was a
very strong thing to say but I said
yesterday that as I was watching the
hearing all I could think about the
Democrats as I was watching their
performance all I could think is I'm
ashamed to share a country with them and
I meant it and I still mean it one other
thing I want to say here there's a
talking point a really frustrating yet
predictable talking point from liberals
in the media and on social media from
Democrat politicians and everybody and
they're saying what they're saying is
that Cavanaugh was too angry yesterday
he was too angry someone had said that
some of them said this means he doesn't
have the temperament to be a Supreme
Court justice others said that this
anger really lets you see how he might
rape somebody
I read someone on Twitter yesterday and
this was retweeted and liked thousands
of times but they said that watching the
hearing you could really picture
Cavanaugh putting his hand over
someone's mouth and raping them because
he was so angry now we uh we know
obviously that if he wasn't angry they
would have said the opposite they would
have said well in this
man would be angry in this situation he
wasn't angry where was his anger dr.
Ford had a motion he had no emotion so
if he had no emotions they would they
would have said he's an emotionless
sociopathic robot and they could totally
see how he might rape somebody and if he
shows a motion they're gonna say oh he's
an angry hothead I could totally see how
he raped somebody so no matter what he
does it does not matter he's damned
either way that's the whole point here
that's the whole that that's why this
whole process is a sham is because the
people who are acute you are accusing
him and orchestrating all of this and
who want them all for the court it does
not matter what happens what he does
what he says what evidence is presented
what witnesses come forward none of that
matters none of it matters at all
because he's already convicted in their
eyes period but I can't believe I even
have to explain this but let's just okay
yeah he was angry he was very angry and
I was I was glad to see that anger not
glad at the situation obviously but I
was glad that he let that anger out and
I can't believe that we even need to
talk about this but but but why was he
angry for anyone who's could if anyone
who might have watched the hearings or
is watching clips now and thinking oh my
goodness he's so angry I'm so it's
anyone who feels scared or startled by
his anger why would he be angry
I'm so confused that's so so disturbing
that this guy's so angry well if anyone
is thinking that let me try to explain
imagine imagine that you have that
you're on the cusp of a some kind of
what's even in in fact will even scale
this down okay
will scale this down to make it much
smaller than what it actually is for
Brett Kavanaugh okay because for Brett
Kavanaugh this is playing out on the
national stage the international stage
really and he's being slandered by the
national media and his whole life is
being affect but let's scale it down to
something that's more maybe you know
more accessible so imagine at work you
were you're up for some kind of
promotion and
there are people at work who don't want
you to get that promotion because they
want someone else to get it and so they
spread a rumor that you sexually
harassed maybe they start with a rumor
that you are a sexual harasser and then
as the as the days go on the rumors that
they're spreading maliciously about you
get more and more serious and then they
say that oh you you know you even have
groped a couple of women at work and
then and then finally they come up with
a story that you raped a co-worker in
the bathroom at work right and so
they're not even they're not just trying
to prevent you from getting this
promotion they're trying to get you
fired from your job get you put in jail
doesn't matter you know if you end up in
jail and divorced fine with them they
are trying to utterly ruin you because
you committed the sin of performing
really well at work and putting yourself
up for a promotion so imagine that and
imagine that went on for two weeks
would that make you angry how would you
feel after two weeks of that after two
weeks of these lies then you've worked
so hard your whole life you've got to
the point where you've earned a
promotion and now not only is the
promotion gonna be taken from you but
everything in your life is about to be
taken your job your marriage your
reputation everything based on these
lies rumors innuendoes would that make
you angry
how would you feel about that and if you
got a chance to confront the people of
orchids or castrated this how would you
approach it would you say well gee guys
I really don't appreciate this I really
don't gee would you stop trying to
destroy my life and my marriage in my
family would you please you know I'd
really appreciate it if you would stop
would you mind
oh you wouldn't mind okay well then
continue sorry I didn't mean to continue
yes good continue to continue destroying
me
is that how you is that what you would
say or would you do a prick have an
audit and would you be furious and angry
and yelling well of course no you would
take the latter option because you're a
human being
responding as any human being would so
what do you expect Brett kaznia is he
not allowed to be a human being is he
not allowed to be indignant is he not
allowed to feel angry at what has
happened not only to him but his family
yeah I think angers is totally
appropriate here and anyone who would
try to hold it against him that he's
angry well anyone like that
that's just disingenuous at best all
right been a long week everybody have a
good weekend talk to you next week
Godspeed
