I see that somebody has put up a pole
over it daily we're on what is my best
impression they left four options Jerry
Brown Chris Matthews Barack Obama Alex
Jones so just for people who haven't
seen I'm gonna do a little bit of each
and then you can decide so we'll start
with Chris map is a good man oh yeah I
would say get up the monks go ahead
shoot come here do show the go rope up
as well Kathleen Joe they published it
had care I don't care for the grabber ah
Mike laces up let's say yo Barack Obama
well I think the most central swing
people it's happening Flay look I had
dinner with Justin Foucault and Justin
told me Barack you are very handsome man
and I said ha of course I am
but that is a false choice and let me
just tell you about hope for the future
and polling unicorns and rainbows cool
okay let's see Alex Jones
where are you talking about thank you my
mr. coffee shirt is no concern under me
what are we finally Governor Jerry Brown
of the great state of California well
people keep saying I'm too old to do
this job but I don't know what it would
say that hmm no we report you decide
caching bet
