president Trump has pulled out of the
Paris climate Accord the president
explained that the agreement was both
economically destructive to the United
States and virtually useless in
preventing change to the climate Al Gore
countered those arguments by explaining
quote this is the apocalypse and
everyone will die as sure as my name is
Napoleon Bonaparte as long as we had the
Paris climate Accord everything was
great but now that our wonderful Accord
is gone the earth is suddenly so hot I'm
burning up right now and can hardly
breathe and all the water and my
swimming pools has evaporated and people
are devouring polar bears in the streets
we have to start a revolution right away
although I still have two more episodes
of house of cards to watch but right
after that we'll go on a big March to
protest the fact that Donald Trump has
single-handedly killed everybody
booga-booga unquote EPA head scott
pruett further defended America's
leaving the Accord by pointing out that
the Accord penalized the US which has
been leading the world in reducing
carbon emissions while requiring
virtually nothing of India and China who
are among the worst polluters arguing
against this former president O'Hara
O'Meara o'rama
that's hard to remember his name now
that his legacy is just a handful of
dust that drifted through the air for a
brief moment of time and then wafted to
earth to mingle with the other dust
making it essentially just a big pile of
dust
but anyway President Obama made a
statement saying quote the nation's that
remain in the Paris agreement will be
the nations that reap the benefits and
jobs and industries created like the job
of flying around the world in a private
jet complaining about pollution and the
industry of selling people's solar
panels for their houses and then coming
back the next day to sell them candles
so they'll be able to read at night
unquote president Pajama went on to say
quote in withdrawing from the Paris
Accord America has rejected the future
because if there's one thing I know it's
what's going to happen in the future
just like climate scientists know the
future because that's what scientists do
they know the future or maybe that's
what wizards do I always get those two
confused which one wears the conical hat
with the stars on it
unquote after making his statement
President Bahama left the podium and
broke his nose by walking face-first
into a marble column which had
apparently been placed there by someone
who didn't realize that the future
didn't have a marble column in it on the
spot where Obama was
to be walking in the future so it was a
whole future screw-up we'll try not to
let that happen in the future any case
it's easy to understand why Obama loved
the Paris Accord it was exactly like the
Obama administration hysterically loved
by the left while hurting America and
accomplishing nothing of importance
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
