according to heat Street Ontario has now
passed a law that would allow the
government to invade your home and strip
you of your child if your little Billy
comes home from school one day and
announces he's a little Sally and if you
have the temerity to tell him that he is
not in fact Sally by a shockingly broad
margin of sixty three to twenty three
the supporting Children Youth and
Families Act of 2017 passed through the
Ontario legislature
it tells Child Services and judges to
consider factors including race ancestry
place of origin colour ethnic origin
citizenship family diversity disability
creed sex sexual orientation gender
identity and gender expression in
removing a child from the home Michael
kouto who is the minister of Child and
Family Services was explicit in his
tyranny he said quote I would consider
that a form of abuse when a child
identify one way and a caregiver is
saying no you need to do this
differently if it's abuse and if it's
within the definition a child can be
removed from that environment and placed
into protection where the abuse stops if
all of this sounds bizarre that's
because it is it is also fascism to
remove a child from the home because the
government disagrees with basic biology
is beyond the pale of the reasonable
unfortunately it's not going to be long
before leftist in the United States push
the same thing the first step on that
road is the widely acclaimed spate of
legislation banning so-called conversion
therapy for children with homosexual
tendencies this is not an argument in
favor of the efficacy of conversion
therapy which is iffy in even the best
circumstances but if a child is
disturbed by homosexual feelings and you
bring that child to a therapist to talk
it through that would now be considered
illegal in states including California
and New Jersey as Scot Shackleford of
Reason that magazine explains quote bans
on conversion therapy are fundamentally
censorship of an idea and there's a
slippery slope and consequences that
people with narrow interests in halting
abusive treatments of gay and
transgender teens simply do not grasp
this isn't a ban on particular dangerous
technique like electroshock treatment
for example it's a ban on anything even
just speech coming from a licensed
therapist that suggests homosexuality
can be cured it is dangerous to allow
the government to control the
classification of speech and to recast
speech as something else just because
commerce is involved the next step will
undoubtedly be removing children from
parents who pursue such therapy in spite
of the ban purportedly for the good of
the child the left next step could be to
remove accreditation from schools that
do not traffic in LGBT advocacy after
all California
attempted to remove nonprofit status
from the Boy Scouts schools in
California have now mandated that kids
learn about LGBT history in public
schools what happens when people home
schools and the state decides that
homeschooling is inappropriate for
children if they aren't taught the
state's educational approach it's not
difficult to imagine Child Protective
Services removing children whose parents
won't teach them positively about the
full spectrum of sexual orientation in
the interests of the child of course or
leftist could skip directly to the
Ontario scenario they could claim that
transgender children are being shackled
by their bigoted parents and must be
protected by the state this is scary
stuff it's particularly scary not only
for religious parents but for anyone who
understands that there is no evidence
that transgender feelings among children
are unchanging the vast majority of
children with such feelings grow out of
them or that boys cannot actually become
girls in Ontario the state has now
placed itself in direct opposition to
science and freedom in the United States
the movement to do the same must be
stopped now before families are torn
apart on behalf of a propagandistic
sexual agenda I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
lots against you today President Trump
is now taking on the Mayor of London we
are also going to be talking about this
leak of this leaker who was arrested
whose name was reality winner yes that
was actually the name of the leaker
reality winner who was in reality a
loser and also if your last name is
winner I'm just going to recommend a few
ideas for you for children cross-court
forehand backhand big lottery all of
these would be preferable to reality but
before we get to any of that I want to
talk about one of our sponsors bull and
branch so I've said before on the show I
am NOT a solid sleeper I sleep very
poorly at night typically but I have not
been sleeping poorly since I've been
using bull and branch cheats that's
because they are 100% organic cotton
they really breed they're super
comfortable they are so comfortable that
I literally threw out all of my other
sheets and bought a couple more sets of
bull and branch sheets and you can try
them right now for 30 nights and if you
don't like them you can send them back
for a refund bull and branch comm promo
code bed you get $50 off your first set
of sheets Plus free shipping three
ex-presidents plus President Clinton if
he's one of those his lovers sleep on
pole and branches they are the best in
the business
there's a reason that they are so great
quality sheets can cost up to $1,000
bonus sheets are a small small fraction
of that but again it's something you're
sleeping on every night there's no
excuse not to treat yourself with bull
and branch sheets bo LL and branch comm
promo code been $50 off your first set
of sheets Plus free shipping again
that's Bo LL and branch comm promo code
Ben and use that promo club Ennis that
they know that that we sent you as well
as getting that $50 off that first set
of sheets plus free shipping it'll
totally change your sleep pattern it'll
it'll you're never going to be able to
sleep on other sheets it's that good
okay so big news today is that a leaker
has now been arrested President Trump
has been very worried about people
inside the intelligence community
leaking against him but this leaker was
arrested after leaking material to a
leftie publication called the intercept
the intercept is sort of sympathetic to
the Edward Snowden position on
intelligence and this weaker who's named
as I say is reality lay winner 25
she was arrested by the FBI at her home
on Saturday
June 3rd and it was probably about the
people are still not sure but it was
supposedly about this document that she
passed on to the intercept that showed
that a couple of days before the
election the Russians were attempting to
hack into actual voting machines in the
United States which would of course
throw the entire election system into
turmoil
they've always been these conspiracy
theories about how it would happen in
2000 there there are conspiracy theories
in 2000 and in 2016 as well that these
voting machines were actually hacked and
that's why Trump won is because the
Russians were going in and actually
manipulating the final voting outcome
there's still no evidence that they
succeeded in that the document from the
NSA that was leaked by reality winner
did not actually show that the Russians
were successful in their attempts to
hack it just showed that they tried to
but she was arrested Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rosenstein he said
exceptional law enforcement efforts
allowed us to quickly identify and
arrest the defendant releasing
classified material without
authorization threatens our national
security and undermines public faith in
government people who are trusted with
classified information and pledge to
protect it must be held accountable when
they violate that obligation so
apparently according to the criminal
complaint reality winner I'm never going
to get tired of saying that name I just
feel like reality winner should have at
some point dated Carlos danger and they
should all touch the orb together and
they should say kubbs heavy we've now
reached peak stupid I think in 2017 but
every time I say that there's like
another two weeks ago by and we're even
stupider than that so we're in the
alternative timeline in which Marty
McFly did not prevent Biff from using
the sports Almanac in order to bet on
games in any case the criminal complaint
alleges the wid a winner a contractor
with pluribus international corporation
was employed at a US government agency
facility in Georgia since roughly
February 13th and she held a top secret
clearance sometime around May 9th she
printed and improperly removed
classified intelligence reporting which
contained classified national defense
information from an intelligence
community agency illegally kept it and
then illegally transmitted the
intelligence reporting to an online news
outlet which would be the intercept and
again I guess the way that they tracked
her down is the intercept printed the
actual copy of the document and the show
that the document had been folded which
looked like it had been an actual
original document that was printed out
at the facility folded up putting
pocket and then walked out so then they
were able to look at who exactly had
access to these documents and who had
printed it out and they came up with her
so well done the intercept protecting
your your leaker just genius job they're
really well done but the amazing thing
the amazing thing is I think we're going
to have to issue a a ban on the
importation of people into government
service until we know what the hell is
going on because our extreme vetting is
just not working it is just not working
here is the fact reality winner again a
person whose name I will never tire
saying reality winner if you looked at
her Twitter feed this is not a person
who should have ever had top-secret
security clearance top-secret security
clearance usually includes not just a
criminal background check and employment
history but also a background
investigator verifies all the
information does a grueling and lengthy
process of speaking to past employers
neighbor spouses ex-spouses and
acquaintances to determine whether
you're trustworthy enough to be given
clearance according to the balance comm
which is an employment site it covers a
10-year period and they give you a
polygraph in many cases but they didn't
check her Twitter feed okay like two
days literally two days before she
started working for the federal
government she went on Twitter and she
responded to a tweet from avid sorry
javad zarif is the dictator or the the
foreign minister rather of the Iranian
terrorist government he said we will
never use our weapons against anyone
except in self-defense let us see if any
of those who complain can make the same
statement talking about talking about
nuclear use and and reality winners
sweeted back there are many Americans
protesting US government aggression
towards Iran if our tangerine in chief
declares war we stand with you okay she
had top-secret clearance and she was
saying with top-secret clearance that if
the United States had to go to war with
Iran she would side with Iran um
what how did she where's the extreme
vetting am i concerned about the ability
of our government to vet people who are
coming in from abroad yes
but I am even more concerned if we can't
vet the people who are getting cops I
don't have top security clearance to you
I think I don't in this room as top
security clearance I got I'd be given
top security clearance under the
standards of the federal government
because I'm very outspoken to my
political views but this gal went on
Twitter and she's just sounding off on
whatever she felt like sounding off on
there's one point where she tweeted at
Kanye
Wes again this is after shoes working
for the federal government in February
2017 quote you should make a shirt that
says being white is terrorism mm-hmm
yeah this person got top-secret
clearance oh well done federal
government as always just doing a
stellar job now the left is jumping on
the arrest of reality winner to say a
couple of things one they're saying Oh
Trump is going after leakers how dare
Trump go after leakers it's just so
terrible okay first of all let me just
point out that Trump going after leakers
Obama would have gone after this leak or
two I mean the idea that this was in any
way legal or acceptable it's just
nonsense
anyone would have gone after reality
winner but what the Democrats are really
jumping on is the fact that the
documents that she exposed said that
these voting machines were hacked so Tim
Kaine the vice presidential candidate
along with Hillary Clinton in 2016 he
said that he thinks that it's not out of
the realm of possibility that Hillary
actually won the election and that the
russians hacked the voting machines
thanks the vote count
could have been affected by the Russians
oh I definitely think so and let's just
make a let's make a distinction here I
don't think anybody has suggested that
the actual tallies on the machines were
affected although that's certainly
something we should look at but I
haven't heard anybody suggest that
there's evidence that that occurred but
when the when the combined way to the
intelligence committees say that Russia
was engaging in a wide-ranging pattern
of action to affect the election to say
there was we can determine that there
was no effect you'd be foolish to say
that especially when you add to the
leaking of information the fact that
they were sucking data about individuals
outside of state boards of elections and
again and that is all publicly reported
material that I'm giving you
so look they intended to affect the
outcome we have to get to the bottom of
everything they did so we can protect
future elections
we won't rule out the idea that they
actually hack the election results I'm
just wondering here again if you're
moving without evidence on this thing to
suggest that it's possible the actual
election was hacked which is what
Democrats have been saying for a year
now is the the actual election attacker
since the election and then saying the
actual electrical attack you should
actually have to show some evidence of
that because otherwise you are just
participating in exactly
Democrats were whining about leading up
to the 2016 elections saying Republicans
wouldn't accept the outcome we are now
months and months and months beyond the
election they still won't accept the
outcome and there again buying into the
notion without evidence that the actual
election results were hacked they keep
saying the election was hack it was not
but I think the broader point here is
not about the insanity of the Democrats
which is consistent it is that it is
very difficult to vet people it's very
difficult to vet people which means we
have to be extraordinarily strict
extraordinarily stringent about who we
let into the country and give the
priorities and privileges of citizenship
so here's an example we we in in the
West we are very cordial about our
rights obviously and we should be but
that very often veers into the stupidity
of either granting top security
clearance to people who shouldn't have
it is in the case of reality winner or
pretending that violent jihadis are not
violent jihad ease because they live in
the West so for example there's this
terrorist whose name is but that's
really his name is name is Kurama
Shahzad but and this is one of the
London terrorists and he was featured in
a documentary on the BBC about jihadis
it was called the jihadi next door and
he was actually on that documentary and
yet they still were not keeping tabs on
him enough to stop him from helping
commit this London Bridge terror attack
here's video of Corrado's on but in the
jihadi in the train in jihadi next door
you can see this guy this happen
equivalently come on somebody didn't
come to kill Allah it was small folk oh
so I think in the book he just gotta
have fun at the duration prepare for us
so this is a type of jihad for you that
you came out to do Dawa in doing good
and forbidding evil and don't we did
said son I wanna class to be looked a
lot at some details on you will not
speak to know
I'm nervous time you say horked it was
insane for the parent say sir are you
insane
well right says well I thought you know
it was a good time what a powerful suck
okay and you can see this actual
terrorist being confronted by a cop and
then the cop is surrounded by a bunch of
young Muslim guys here is here's the
question why is it that the West seems
so bad at betting and the answer is
because we in the West have a basic
assumption which is that all the people
who live in the West are going to
appreciate the privileges and values of
the West that is absolutely untrue it's
absolutely untrue and because we assume
that we make the mistake of granting
privileges and immunities to people who
ought not have them the fact that this
guy appeared on a documentary called the
jihadi next door means you should have
been under 24-hour surveillance this is
insanity it's insanity you all know
about all the red flags great peace by
Aaron Bandler over at Daley wired today
about all the red flags on this
particular terrorist okay not only was
he on this jihadi next door documentary
but also in 2015 but police were alerted
about him when he attempted to spread
Islamic propaganda children in a park
she confronted issues he was confronted
by a mother after her two children came
home and said mummy I want to become a
Muslim
she passed along the information he was
trying to radicalize the children said
the mother who'd go down to the park and
talk to them about Islam and he tried to
recruit them to Islam and the police of
course let that go a friend of butts
also reported him to the police due to
comments he made to justify a terror
attack apparently one of his friends
phoned the anti-terror hotline and they
told him about the conversation and why
he was radicalized and nothing happened
he is also he was part of a radical
Islamic organization known as all
muhajirun which is a which is lobbied
for Sharia law and has been linked to
50% of all terror attacks in Britain
over the past 20 years he wanted to wage
jihad in Syria according to a relative
of Bucks wife but never acknowledged
women in conversation he was kicked out
of a mosque for arguing with an imam
during a sermon they've been conducting
surveillance of a terrorist cell in the
London town of barking where but lived
since March and they missed him the day
of the attack but asked his neighbor
where he could find a van and again it's
he was known to the met police and the
Metropolitan Police as well as mi5 but
they didn't touch him because obviously
that would be politically incorrect when
President Trump says that he's very
upset about the political correctness
that dominates when it comes to policing
of Islamic jihadism
he is absolutely right we should also be
just as we should be just as as
attentive to the fact that there are
people who are something to get top
security clearance about political
motivations again if you express one
thing just to be you know politically
left it's not a big deal but if you are
somebody who is expressing sympathy for
the Iranian regime over the United
States I think that it's probably a
mistake to give you top security
clearance vetting vetting vetting I know
the left has basic principle they never
want to engage in risk calculation they
think all risk calculation is profiling
okay all criminal behavior can be
profiled through risk calculation but
attempting to profile through risk
calculation is considered racist sexist
xenophobic politically incorrect by the
left and that's why you end up with bad
people slipping through the cracks well
in just a second I'm be joined by
Senator Mike Lee of Utah he's a brand
new book out but before I get to that I
want to say thank you to our sponsor is
over at my Patriot supply so are you
concerned about the direction of
security are you concerned about
terrorism are you concerned about the
possibility of the big terror attack
that would leave you cut off from
supplies or a big natural disaster
that's why you need to go to prepare
with been calm or call eight eight eight
eight oh three 14 13 for Paris been calm
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen three or four week
emergency food supply for just $99 plus
free shipping you get that four week
emergency food supply keep your family
safe had apparently tastes exactly like
home cooking according to people in the
office prepare with been calm it's
prepare with been calm you know you buy
it once you never have to worry about it
again eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen prepare with been calm
be the person who's prepared in case of
emergency your family is going to thank
you for it again $99 for a four week
emergency food supply okay so yesterday
we had the opportunity to speak with
Senator Mike Lee and here is a bit of
our conversation throughout with with
the great senator from Utah maybe the
last honest man neither in the United
States Senate well joining us here now
on the bench Shapiro show is my favorite
senator the the last honest senator in
America Senator Mike Lee of Utah he has
the benefit of also being from a state
that actually elects conservatives
everyone
a while so Senator Mike Lee has a brand
new book out called written out of
history The Forgotten founders who
fought big government its soaring up the
charts at Amazon it was all the way up
to number number seven on the Amazon two
bestsellers we want to bring it all the
way up to number one so if you can go
over to Amazon right now and by written
out of government Forgotten founders
have forgot who fought big government
senator Lee thanks so much for joining
me she'll appreciate it thank you but so
now when we jump right into the book
because it's it's fascinating that
everybody reads the Federalist Papers
nobody reads the anti-federalist papers
and if they'd read the anti-federalist
papers they would understand that a lot
of the debates that were had back then
are being here today except with a
government that is much bigger your book
is about so not necessarily people who
are writing in the anti-federalist
papers but people who were bringing a
different point of view to bear even at
the time of the founding about the
overreach of federal government so let's
run through through some of these people
because I think it really is fascinating
content so start with Aaron Burr who's
been portrayed as the great villain of
American history now of course Hamilton
is a big here at everybody because
there's musical that very few people
have seen but everyone has heard of and
and Aaron Burr is is portrayed largely
by a guy who ended up as a guy who ended
up as a traitor trying to destroy the
country
what exactly is the true story of Aaron
burn how'd he impact the building of the
country Aaron Burr was himself of was a
victim of overreaching president Thomas
Jefferson who at this political rate
both he became obsessed with his own
power he wanted by threat when Aaron
Burr was vice president under Thomas
Jefferson as vice president's also
president of the Senate there were a
number of people who were themselves the
victims of Jefferson's
political road rage who found themselves
receiving end of impeachment proceedings
Aaron burbs
as president of the Senate a sort of
them due process in fairness this bother
Thomas Jefferson a lot it also bothered
if Aaron Burr was still a political
threat to him so later during Gibson's
second term when there was no longer
exposure
Jefferson went after and accused him of
treason prosecuted him for treason a
capital offense the what course and
language in the Constitution burr would
have lost
life it's not as Jefferson ever now look
Jeff and it's amazing he was a great
mind the author of the Declaration of
Independence but he wasn't perfect and
this story in the story of aaron
berger's an offensive is a last reminder
to us that even a wise bright man Thomas
Jefferson could be corrupted by power
should always beware it is fascinating
me to talk about that because obviously
you know now there's a lot of talk about
whether it's necessary to have character
in government there's a lot of talk
after this last election cycle where a
lot of people were concerned about the
character of both major candidates for
for presidents of the United States and
a lot of people it seems to basically
come to the conclusion after the Clinton
years that character doesn't matter in
the president at all and we should just
pick somebody the system will handle
itself there's not really a great threat
what do what do you make of that
argument in light of in light of
American history well I think what we
have to remember is that when even a
good person is someone who might use
power we have to carefully cabin that
down I remember when I was seeing a
movie where there was this ironical King
I remember the name of the moment but
the tyrant king got really mad one day
and said that's it I'm canceling
Christmas I thought what kind of society
even gives power to the King to cancel
Christmas
they shouldn't ever do that in the first
place you don't want to give our gulity
to take away something is fundamental to
people is their religious holidays so
regardless of where you start with the
first even a person who is an absolute
Saint should not be trusted with
unlimited power the entire family
generation routing the people I focus on
in my book written out of history
we're suspicious of government power
everyone expect the George Washington to
be our first private they all respected
George Washington but they still
deliberately created a relatively weak
presidency meaning someone would have
too much power the first place to abuse
well the book is written out of history
the forgotten founders who fought big
government another name that people will
know but may not know about him is
Elbridge Gerry
everybody knows his name because the
gerrymandering of course and there are
so many lawsuits now about whether
districts have been properly drawn
because they are
gerrymandered but what exactly was
Elbridge Gerry x' role in the in
founding of the country well he was
delegate to the Constitutional
Convention he was one of those who had
some real curious concerns with the
Constitution even at the end of the
drafting process he was in many respects
the the forbear maybe a progenitor of
the Bill of Rights he was the author of
the language that became the tenth
amendment only his version of the 10th
amendment would have been better it
contained one word that's lacking in the
10th amendment as it was ultimately
drafted and ratified and that is
expressed with the way Gerry wrote it
originally it would have been all powers
not expressly granted to Congress or
prohibited to the states are reserved to
the States or to the people and James
Madison took that out took out the word
express thinking it was unnecessary many
decades later about 150 years later I I
think Elbridge theory was proven right
and we would have been better off as the
word expressly been included so I want
to talk a little bit about applying the
lessons of written out of history to
modern government so obviously the
government has grown far more than any
of the founders ever would have
perceived the battles between the
Federalists and anti-federalists and the
people who are critical of government
power at the time centralization of
power and the people who are in favor of
that centralization of power John Adams
who was a big proponent of a stronger
executive and a stronger federal
government even he would look at the
situation now and probably vomit never
stop vomiting because none of these guys
were in favor of the the overarching
federal government that we have now how
do we pare that back because it seems
like we have an incentive system where
Congress has an incentive to pass
incredibly vague laws and blame all of
the implementation on the executive the
executive has the incentive to continue
accreting as much power to itself as
humanly possible and the Supreme Court
and the court system has as much
incentive as possible to increase their
own power by green-lighting federal
powers so where exactly can we stop this
cycle is it an article v convention is
it we're just gonna have to wait for
people to wise up and learn American
history because that may take a while
what what exactly can we do not only
citizens what can you do in Congress to
actually help effectuate this okay great
question that's it this is actually
something that the part of why I wrote
this book regardless of the mechanics
whether it occurs for an article five
convention which is an option whether it
occurs series of legislative reforms or
constitutional reforms brought about
within Congress uh regardless of our
path not going to happen
until it has to happen so the people
insist on it but that in turn isn't
going to occur and fill such time as
people see acquaint themselves with our
truth of export our modern-day accounts
of America's founding and our founding
and sanitize it been sanitized by an
educational and political and media
establishment that wants a single
narrative what could be a sort of post
New Deal era narrative to dominate the
discussion and so as a result what we've
all been taught in public school in
college even in most private school is
that those who advocated for a bigger
stronger national government are the
ones to be revered the anti-federalists
Luther mark who are discussing the book
have been sort of cast aside the problem
is if we go cap both sides of the story
being told once the American people
become reacquainted with the other side
of the story the one that's been written
out of history if they can begin to
exercise the political will and move
forward these movements again whether
it's through an article five convention
where otherwise their will has to be
there from the part of the people but
the people are going to have the will
until they reappoint themselves with
these stories and until these become
part of our national flows in this
course we're talking with Senator Mike
Lee author of written out of history The
Forgotten founders who fought the
government I'd be remissed senator Lee
if I didn't ask you a little bit about
what's going on in the Senate right now
just in terms of politics we're looking
at we're now a hundred and fifty days
into the Trump administration and aside
from the congressional review act no
major legislation has really passed
through Congress do you foresee there
being a major tax reform bill given the
the hub of the tapping over over
healthcare right now it seems like in
order to get a good tax reform bill
through they need to get some sort of
health care reform through in order to
build up the savings that they can use
to pass on those
to reconciliation for purposes of tax
reform do you think that we're going to
get one of those neither of those and
broader question as a follow-up would it
be better if we just stop with all these
omnibus packages in general and started
passing three page bills that everybody
could vote up or down yes so let me let
me deal with your last question first
absolutely this is one of my biggest
frustration for the place is that for
years and years or at least a six and a
half year period of the big congress has
not been appropriating so there's asking
bills that spend money off through the
regular order process in other words we
wait until the deadline we run right up
to the limit placed on a spending level
usually September 30th and then we're
full you either pass this bill there are
continuing resolutions for an omnibus
spending package or the government's
going to check them take it relief and
by the way in this package the CR or
missus or whatever it is it's going to
fund Planned Parenthood it's going to
fund all these bad things you just hear
from Obamacare but you have to do this
or you're going to get blamed for accept
it that's how it's been working
I wish we would think this in a
step-by-step fashion perhaps much
smaller more granular spending bills so
that we can bring the attention to each
individual area government expenditure
with respect to your other question
about tax reform in Obamacare review
look I believe both of those are going
to happen I'm probably in the minority
in saying that it'll be super from those
who are speaking out and talking the
reason I think that it has to well we
the Republican Party is going to be in
serious serious jeopardy if it doesn't
pass both of those and both people seem
to think that the Obamacare field needs
to come first for the next reasons I'm
agnostic on that point I actually do it
together if you want to but regardless
we have to pass both of them and if we
don't we're in for a rolls world of
trouble that's usually where something
happened in Washington is there members
of Congress were made aware of the fact
there's going to be hell to pay if they
don't do it I think we're in that
circumstance or by macare review and
with tax reform and I therefore
something lap Senator Mike Lee thanks so
much for joining the show the book again
is written out of history The Forgotten
founders who fought big government
you should definitely check it out you
can hear obviously senator Lee is a
super fluent not only in American
history but also in governance and this
is a must read for people who are
concerned about the future of government
just as they should be about the passive
American government you can't understand
where we are without knowing where we've
been and what the arguments were on the
other side many of which were actually
correct as time went on it was proved
that they were correct senator Lee
thanks so much for joining the show keep
doing what you're doing obviously we're
big admirers here at the show so thank
you so much thank you very much okay so
I want to discuss president Trump's
battle with the London Mayor City Khan
in just a second but for that you're
going to have to go over to Daley
wired.com become a subscriber for just
eight dollars a month you can be a
subscriber at daily wire comc the rest
of the show live you can also see the
the rest of clave ins show liveing
becomes hard the mailbag which we're
gonna be doing on fridays now because
thanks to the the addition of a fifth
show a week yes that's right we are now
broadcasting every single weekday yeah
so $8 a month will get you that annual
subscription we'll get you a free signed
copy of the new book that I have that
with my father say it's so Papa Dada me
and the 2005 White Sox championship
season it is a great Father's Day gift
it's perfect for your dad I know cuz I
wrote it with mine so it's a lot of fun
endorsed by Mark Levin and Dana Perino
and Jared Kresnik over at espn.com
really good baseball book not political
so much as it is just about
relationships and father and son stuff
you can get a free signed copy of that
when you go over to Daley wire comm and
become an annual subscriber even if
you're a regular subscriber if you
upgrade to an annual subscription then
you can get a free signed copy as well
okay we are the largest conservative
podcast in the country
