according to a new study by a
neuroscientist the brains of journalists
show a lower than average level of
executive functioning with a low ability
to regulate emotion suppress biases
solve complex problems and show creative
and flexible thinking this is a real
study on average it found journalists
were not as competent or intelligent as
bankers traders salespeople rodents
crack whores coma patients or that guy
on the New York subway who pretends to
strum a guitar that's actually a
cardboard box the journalists were
however about equal in intelligence to
college professors and paving-stones
the scientists who perform the study
were warned that the average IQ of the
journalist may have been unfairly
lowered by including Chris Cuomo who is
of course the idiot child of the Cuomo
family and was thus sent to work at CNN
in the hopes that no one would notice
he's an idiot because he just blend in
unfortunately even at CNN that didn't
work and Cuomo just looks like an
enormous idiot surrounded by other
idiots the study analyzed the responses
of 40 print and broadcast journalists
under certain test conditions for
instance the journalists were gathered
in a room and then shown a picture of
Donald Trump they reacted by running
around hysterically in different
directions phoning each other in fake
Russian voices while pretending to be
anonymous sources and then confirming
the legitimacy of their sources by
calling in another fake voice to vouch
for the first vague face after this they
gave each other Pulitzer Prizes and
dressed up his Robert Redford and all
the president's men in another test the
journalist was shown old videos of
Barack Obama and then asked a series of
three questions question number one
would you please stop doing what you're
doing to yourself
it's embarrassing the female researchers
question - when you reflect on the fact
that Obama's signature domestic program
was based on lies and doomed to failure
and when you realize that his foreign
policy resulted in an expansion of
violence in the Middle East and a
greater likelihood that Iran will
acquire a nuclear weapon
would you then please stop doing what
you're doing to yourself it's
embarrassing the female researchers
question 3 listen I'm serious would you
stop or are you some kind of perverted
idiot oh excuse me mr. Cuomo I didn't
recognize you with your pants off
finally in a series of multiple choice
questions the journalists were asked to
assess various news stories on example a
Muslim man shoots 15 innocent bystanders
while shouting Allahu Akbar he later
tells the police he acted as a soldier
for Islam slaughtering it in the
tradition of Mohammed and according to
the commands of the Quran who or what is
responsible for the deaths of the
bystanders a conservative Islamophobes
be the gun see unemployment D please
show me the video of Barack Obama again
and then turn away for a few moments
after the study was over the journalists
helped Chris Cuomo find his way out of
the broom closet and went outside to
play in traffic
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
same
it's mailbag day hey'yay okay but you
know this is where I answer your
questions solve your problems right
answers are guaranteed 100% correct they
are guaranteed to change your life every
now and again they change your life for
the better but you cannot be in the
mailbag you cannot ask a question unless
you subscribe not only that if you don't
subscribe you're watching on Facebook
and YouTube you have to come over to the
daily wire com where you can listen but
you still can't see the show so you
don't get the full radiant you know
wisdom of brilliance and mailbag genius
that you should get that's why you
subscribe and and if that's not enough
if changing your miserable existence is
not enough if you subscribe for a year a
lousy eight bucks a month we will send
you Ben Shapiro at his new book that he
wrote with his dad David called say it's
so papa dad me and the 2005 White Sox
champions season it follows the White
Sox through the entire season it was the
first time they'd won a championship I
think since 1732 I think it was was the
last time the White Sox had run a
championship and it includes that
adorable picture of Ben as a little boy
with which most of us believe is
actually made of wax because we don't
believe that Ben after all he ever was a
little boy has a very touching story by
Ben and is is that David so before we
get started let us talk about this you
know we keep talking we always have this
big talk about health insurance health
insurance but you know that 30%
one-third of the people in the country
the families in the country do not have
any life insurance which is nuts because
as you get older of course people become
to be dependent on you and it may be
your spouse it may be your kids or it
may be your folks you know as your folks
get older and your 10 you start taking
care of them what happens if something
happens to you like suddenly you are
backed over by a truck and there's
nobody there to take care of the people
that you take care of you've got to have
life insurance you got to get it and
you're probably saying you're so hey I'm
just starting out in life I can't afford
life insurance and that is why there is
policy genius.com it is a
very simple website that allows you to
compare the prices of all the best
insurance
sellers life insurance sellers which
means that you can sometimes get as much
as 40% off other life insurance prices
because first of all you don't have to
go from place to place you don't have to
get on the phone it's a really simple
website they don't push you they don't
give you any sales talks they do have
people to help you out and use to use
the website it's a very friendly website
very welcoming and it's spelled policy
genius this pol i cy g en i us.com
there's no jargon there's no sales
pressure there's no hassle it is life
insurance made easy gotta have it and
this is a good way to get it if you're
starting out and you just or if you just
want to save money right it also has
other things like it actually has stuff
like pet insurance in case you're
dependent on your pet I don't know what
how that works but then maybe maybe it's
to take care of your pet but you can
check it out over five billion dollars
in life insurance has been placed at
policy genius because that's where you
go to save money wait there's another
page of do they offer you some fantastic
deal no but it's a fantastic deal anyway
alright you don't need it because it's a
free website
alright so watching we're watching the
aftermath of the terrorist attack with
Britain is just on high alert that got
the soldiers after you know Britain one
of the things about Britain by the way
is you can't always be fooled by some of
their politically correct talk the
British police are and the British
military are very very tough hombres and
like you do not want to fall into their
clutches if you're a bad guy so like I
always have a lot of they're actually
better than most of Europe in in hunting
down these guys they have a better
conviction rate a better arrest rate and
and so they really are on the scene that
the reason is is this clown who grew or
we'll just call him evil evil loser
this evil loser who just blew up the
ariana grande the concert was using
weapons that were kind of sophisticated
it was a sophisticated attack so they
think this is not just some clown who
put this stuff together this really is a
terrorist attack and they've already
arrested more people that they think
were involved so they've really the
place is really under arms
and you know under high security which
you know is sad to see but you know it's
part of what's happening because you
know Donald Trump is also continuing his
trip he was meeting with the Pope this
morning and the thing the thing is you
know you you reach a certain age in life
I have to tell you this isn't like as
you get to be the Ancient of Days that I
have now become it is it's like when
you're in a plane and it gets high
enough just where you start to see the
curve of the earth
you know you start to see that things
really do change and nothing is
permanent and things go away you can't
see over the curve it's not like being
in space where you get that whole big
picture of what history is gonna be like
but you do see that things are things
are really different the America we live
in now is not the America I grew up in
Europe is gone I mean England is still
here because it's kind of a client it's
kind of the 51st state of the United
States and as long as we're linked
together it's still we still have these
bonds mystic bonds of memory so England
is still out there but the rest of
Europe I really do believe it's died I
you know obviously the Europe that was
the Great Europe the Europe that began
with the Reformation that produced all
of the greatest art and culture that has
ever existed in human history that
wasn't made by ancient Greeks you know
the the Europe of Mozart the Europe of
Shakespeare the Europe of da Vinci and
Michelangelo that Europe died I think in
the two world wars I think that it's
it's really interesting when you watch
when you study World War one it seems to
have started for no reason whatsoever it
was almost like a disease it was like
Europe had run its course it was done
and it just died and it died by wiping
out a generation of men it never really
came back from that it and and World War
Two with its Holocaust was just a you
know a true death row and I think that
what we're seeing now is that plane out
you know I obviously there's still a
Europe in the same way there's still a
Rome there's still a Greece and they'll
continue to be a Europe a Europe but I
really think that the the will to live
seems to be gone from the people that
they allow these Islamists to come in
that Angela Merkel has opened the gates
of Europe
let them come sweeping in and nobody you
know and nobody's even wants to come out
and just say you know there's a problem
with this philosophy there is a way to
express this without attacking people
without attacking individuals saying
there's something wrong with this
philosophy which is what I think Donald
Trump did in his speech in Saudi Arabia
that I thought was the one was a really
important thing that he did but I'll get
back to that in a minute it's it's that
you know they they keep tweeting these
things and saying these things like the
in order to win against the terrorists
what we have to do is carry on just as
always but think about that for a minute
think of it think about your like in
Berlin in 1945 and this you know Soviets
are closing and from one side and the
Americans and British are closing in
from the other side think what would it
would be is like if we don't keep doing
what we're doing
the Allies win the Allies have won
they're about to march through your city
and these guys are gonna keep blowing
people up and so what does that mean go
on doing what you do don't be afraid for
your children I mean this was like
blowing up a middle school you blow up
an ariana grande econ concert that's you
know the one of the people who died was
eight years old you know what are you
gonna say to those parents like just
keep on doing what you do that that
their life is gone you know they're the
thing that made their life you know
their life has changed forever
and that child who has been wiped out I
mean that's imprinted on everybody's
mind you can't go on doing what you do
so they've lost this will to say this is
who we are and and by the way again I
have to say this without being racist or
white supremacists or any of those
things who they are is different than
who we are you know France is named
France because of the francs you know
they are racially founded country these
countries the only non racially found
that country in the world is this one we
are a creedal country we are based on a
Creed we can take in people of a million
different races and turn them into
Americans I'm not so sure you can do
that in England or France or Germany and
it may be that their idea of diversity
is is just an idea that they're not
going to be who they were anymore and
things look things change and these
these are some of the things that change
nations rise and fall empires rise and
fall continents rise and fall and that
may be what we're seeing but it is why
it is why Trump isn't
horton figure and the figure that he's
cutting overseas means so much you know
I am not trying to be as some of the
like recovering never Trumper czar I'm
not trying to be a fair umpire with
Trump calling balls and strikes I don't
believe in it I'm I'm gonna maritime All
American all the time I am always gonna
call strikes against the enemies of
America who I now think are this is this
complex of the deep state the media and
the Democrats which has just been
hurling itself at Trump again and again
does that mean everything the Trump does
is right it doesn't even mean that
anything trumped us is right it simply
means that he is not the danger to the
state
and he is in general I think you know a
more or less so far has been a more or
less positive force and the things that
he's doing overseas have been I think
really positive then the the you know so
much of what a guy does of a what a
president does when he's overseas is
symbolic so just his flying from Saudi
Arabia to Israel was an important thing
this speech that he made in Saudi Arabia
where he said basically what he said
this is translated into my words he said
this this terrorism thing is an Islamic
problem it's an Islamic problem it is a
problem in the house of Islam he didn't
say I know a lot of you would have liked
to hear him say I think somewhere deep
down I might have liked to hear him say
it is a product of Islam he didn't say
Islam necessarily leads to terror but he
said this is a problem in the house of
Islam which means you have to fix it and
I think implied in there is if you don't
fix it we we will and you won't like it
you know that is not gonna be a happy
thing and when he talked in religious
terms and said your souls are damned if
you're a terrorist you you're not
worshiping god you're worshiping hate he
was telling the Saudis who have been
funding these stupid madrasahs where
they teach this radical Wahhabi
philosophy he was telling them you've
got to stop you got to stop will they I
don't know you know it may maybe not but
I think there is there's a lot of
indications a lot of things that are
pushing them to that toward that mainly
Obama's crazy stupid ignorant and
disastrous alliance with Iran that he
gave Iran so much power in his deal
with them and in his negotiating with
them and his turning his back on our old
allies that now the Saudis are thinking
okay well if we've got to tone it down
in the madrasah to make sure that the
u.s. is on our side against Iran we may
have to do that so we may get more
results than than you think we will then
you know then we would if it were not in
their interest to do it and also I have
to say it was a delight to me to see the
statement by Netanyahu that I mean what
bam Bailey our new what is your what do
we call you our new engineer Bailey okay
we'll call you new engineer was saying
that there should have been little
bubble hearts passing between them
because they look they really did they
look like we're in love you know if
we're quoting each other we're finishing
each other's sentences you know we're
holding hands we're dancing in the field
this was the statement that Netanyahu
made
I mean that's a happy guy you know sorry
that may just been what was going on in
his mind so Trump is sending a message
overseas and I think is an important
message it is a new version of American
conservativism he sounds a little bit
more not a little bit more he sounds a
lot more isolationist certainly than
george w bush I think that the george w
bush thing didn't work out too well it
might have worked out it might have
worked out was badly handled hey I got
to say goodbye to the people on Facebook
and YouTube which means you are going to
miss the mailbag unless you come to the
Daily wire calm and listen to the rest
and while you're there subscribe you
will get to ask your own questions in
the mailbag plus we'll send you Ben's
new book say it's so
