if there's one thing mainstream media
journalists agree on its that Donald
Trump presents a danger to mainstream
media journalism a Google search of the
words Trump is a danger to journalism
produces over 500,000 articles including
a series in the LA Times on the quote
unique danger Trump poses to journalism
a CNN editorial on Trump's quote
dangerous war on journalism a New York
Times article on Trump's quote dangerous
attacks on the press and that's as far
as I got before I was distracted by a
sidebar about embarrassing things that
happen to cheerleaders but let's take a
closer look at the whole Trump
journalism thing during the
administration of Barack Pajama whatever
his name was it's hard to remember now
that his legacy as a smoking pile of ash
on the smoking ash heap of the history
of smoking ashes but during the last
administration President what's-his-face
tried to prosecute a journalist for
espionage he wiretapped The Associated
Press stonewalled Freedom of Information
Act requests bullied and berated
journalistic outlets over critical
stories and caused even CNN's brian
Stelter to call the Osama White House
the quote least transparent ever after
which Stelter stole a pair of the then
president's Underpants to keep as a
cherished souvenir so after eight years
of abuse from President Bahama why does
president Trump presents such a unique
danger to journalists the president of
CNN a major Democrat donor expressed his
fears in an opinion column for The Daily
Worker writing quote Trump has
ceaselessly attacked the media as biased
toward Democrats which has interfered
with the public's constitutional right
to know how the Nazis in the Republican
Party are causing large numbers of poor
minority children to starve in the
streets while Republicans laugh over the
champagne and roast suckling pig dinner
they serve at their whites-only golf
clubs clearly Trump's relentless attacks
on press freedom are chilling to our
attempts to destroy him unquote ABC's
chief political correspondent and former
Clinton campaign hack George suckle up
against in a speech before the
association of journalistic deception
said quote personally I find
the Trump administration's constant
drumbeat of fake news fake news fake
news very distracting when I'm busy
trying to make up the news the creative
process is delicate and requires an
atmosphere of passive Republican
acquiescence to slander for us to
fulfill our constitutional role as
creators of fantastical left-wing
narratives such as Avatar and our
evening newscast unquote the president
of CBS News who is also the brother of
an Obama aide added his opinion in an
interview given while he was covering a
riot at Berkeley quote Trump must be
silenced or they can be no free speech
unquote at least I think that's what he
said it was hard to hear him through the
balaclava so I think it's now clear why
Donald Trump presents a danger to
mainstream journalism not enough of a
danger to get them to stop line trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
