if there's one thing mainstream media
journalists agree on its that Donald
Trump presents a danger to mainstream
media journalism a Google search of the
words Trump is a danger to journalism
produces over 500,000 articles including
a series in the LA Times on the quote
unique danger Trump poses to journalism
a CNN editorial on Trump's quote
dangerous war on journalism in New York
Times article on Trump's quote dangerous
attacks on the press and that's as far
as I got before I was distracted by a
sidebar about embarrassing things that
happen to cheerleaders but let's take a
closer look at the whole Trump
journalism thing during the
administration of Barack Pajama whatever
his name was it's hard to remember now
that his legacy as a smoking pile of ash
on the smoking ash heap of the history
of smoking ashes but during the last
administration President what's-his-face
tried to prosecute a journalist for
espionage he wiretapped The Associated
Press stonewalled Freedom of Information
Act requests bullied and berated
journalistic outlets over critical
stories and caused even CNN's brian
Stelter to call the Osama White House
the quote least transparent ever after
which Stelter stole a pair of the then
president's Underpants to keep as a
cherished souvenir so after eight years
of abuse from President Bahama why does
president Trump present such a unique
danger to journalists the president of
CNN a major Democrat donor expressed his
fears in an opinion column for The Daily
Worker writing quote Trump has
ceaselessly attacked the media as biased
toward Democrats which has interfered
with the public's constitutional right
to know how the Nazis in the Republican
Party are causing large numbers of poor
minority children to starve in the
streets while Republicans laugh over the
champagne and roast suckling pig dinner
they serve at their whites-only golf
clubs clearly Trump's relentless attacks
on press freedom are chilling to our
attempts to destroy him unquote ABC's
chief political correspondent and former
Clinton campaign hack Jorge Sokka Appa
guess in a speech before the association
of journalistic deception said quote
personally I find the trumpet
ministrations constant drumbeat of fake
news fake news fake news very
distracting when I'm busy trying to make
up the news the creative process is
delicate and requires an atmosphere of
passive Republican acquiescence to
slander for us to fulfill our
constitutional role as creators of
fantastical left-wing narratives such as
Avatar and our evening newscast unquote
the president of CBS News who is also
the brother of an Obama aide added his
opinion in an interview given while he
was covering a riot at Berkeley quote
Trump must be silenced where they can be
no free speech unquote at least I think
that's what he said it was hard to hear
him through the balaclava so I think
it's now clear why Donald Trump presents
a danger to mainstream journalism not
enough of a danger to get them to stop
lying
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
there's a ring Elsa singing shape tipsy
topsy lowered as if it easing it's a
wonderful
it is Tuesday and all the people of the
earth know what that means it means
tomorrow is mailbag day so subscribe the
here's what you have to do here the
snaps subscribe to the daily wire comm
send in your lousy 8 bucks and then you
get to ask any question you want ask the
question that is hampering your life
from being everything it could possibly
be
I will then answer that question and
life will blossom like a beautiful lotus
flower something like that anyway today
however we have syndicated columnist
Mona Sharon one of the nicest people in
the conservative movement and I wanted
to bring her on because she's never
Trumper and I wanted to find out where a
person of integrity and intelligence
stands and since we don't have any
people like that here we have to bring
someone in from outside all right so I
got a I just want to look at the news Oh
before I do that I have to talk about
stamps.com I almost forgot I almost
forgot because because we love the post
office we are the this is the one part
of the government that actually works
the post office it actually does work
people complain and complain about it
but when you think of the amount of mail
they handle on how often it relies on
time and where it's supposed to unbroken
and all that stuff they really do a
great job the only problem is standing
on line at the post office for days and
days on end until slowly you starve to
death and you're just a little kind of
pile of bones on a post office line that
doesn't work for me you know so that's
why you use stamps calm because stamps
calm essentially brings the glory of the
post office right into your computer
anything you can do at the post office
pretty much you can do with stamps calm
you can mail any kind of packaged
postcard letter you want just a click of
the button it's so convenient so easy it
brings all the services of the Postal
Service to your fingertips
you can buy and print official US
postage for any letter any package any
class of mail using your own computer
printer it's really cool you just put
the envelope into your printer and it
prints the stamp onto the envelopes very
very easy they'll send you a digital
scale so you can calculate exactly how
much postage you need and it will even
help you just to decide what class of
mail you should use so your stuff gets
there when it should right now you too
can enjoy the stamps
service with a special offer that
includes a four-week trial plus postage
and a digital scale without long term
commitments go to stamps.com click on
the microphone at the top of the
homepage and type in Cleveland que la VA
en stamps.com enter clayvin stamps.com
you never have to go to the post office
again avoid being a pile of bones online
at the post office alright I want to
look at this story that happened
yesterday just to show you how the media
creates fake news I mean you could watch
every single step of either the New York
Times this morning had a an op-ed and
reaction to the French election right by
David Leon Hart he was filling in for
David Brooks and it was called a French
lesson for the American media now during
the French election macarons emails were
hacked right and the French press
essentially just did not cover it so he
rewrites the hacked emails from emmanuel
McCollum's French campaign appeared to
be spectacularly mundane according to
people who have read them so he doesn't
know but according to people who've read
them their Monday they include briefings
on issues personal exchanges and
discussions of the weather no doubt they
also include some embarrassing thoughts
but so far they are notably lacking in
scandal does this description remind you
of anything ah hi yes last year Russian
agents stole thousands of emails from
Hillary Clinton's campaign and published
them via WikiLeaks the dominant feature
of the emails according to david
leonardo was their ordinariness despite
the mundane quality of the Clinton
emails the media covered them as a
profound revelation the tone often
suggested a big investigative scoop but
there was no scoop it was material
stolen by a hostile foreign government
posted for all to see and it was only
occasionally revealing it deserves some
coverage but far less the overhyped
coverage of the hacked emails was the
media's worst mistake in 2016 one sure
to be repeated if not properly
understood television was the biggest
offender but print media was hardly
blameless the sensationalism exacerbated
a second problem with the coverage the
obsession with Clinton's private email
server in other words why didn't we
cover up for Hillary Clinton why did we
let these embarrassing
news stories get out can you imagine him
saying we covered too many embarrassing
moments of Donald Trump why did we cover
when Donald Trump said oh when your
celebrity women will let you do things
everybody knows that's true why did we
even cover it why you know that's the
New York Times op-ed tomorrow yeah it
was like why didn't we cover up for our
candidate that's essentially what he's
asking we have to learn from the French
cover up for your candidates now what's
touching about this what is so touching
about this is it's like a guy who
doesn't understand that his pants have
fallen down he does not understand that
nobody cares what the New York Times
covers anymore the internet would have
covered it for them and they would have
just looked like doing they were doing
exactly what they were doing and the
second thing is the reason you don't do
that is because you were all Democrats
you're all Democrats you have no way of
telling what's important you have no way
of judging what's important you have no
one next to you that you can turn to and
say excuse me as a conservative
Republican working at the New York Times
do you think this is a big story would
you cover this you don't have that
person there cuz you're all Democrats
okay so Sally aides remember the acting
she is the acting Attorney General and
Obama appointee who was fired now
remember this because this is important
she was fired by Donald Trump because
she refused to implement his travel
restrictions okay he said I'm not gonna
do this as if somehow she had the right
to make that call which she didn't she
should have just done it or resigned but
she didn't do either she just defied him
she was fired okay so she went to
testify before the Senate Judiciary
Committee that she had warned the Trump
administration that Michael Flynn may
have done some something wrong and had
lied to vice president Mike Pence we now
just called Mensch we've just strung is
we like Mike Pence so much we've just
drunk his name together and to mention
but the thing is we don't know what any
of this was we know that Michael Flynn
spoke to the Russian ambassador nothing
wrong with that and he was going to be
the he was appointed the National
Security Advisor right and we know that
he said that he didn't discuss with the
Russian ambassador anything about the
sanctions that Obama had put on the
Russians to punish them for their email
hacks
okay but we don't know what he said
nobody's told us what he said so for all
we know he mentioned it offhandedly and
forgot about it and didn't actually lie
two pence but just actually forgot about
that's a possibility I'm not saying
that's what happened I'm saying that's
all we know we don't know anything about
this okay
so now she goes before the eights the
former attorney general acting Attorney
John goes before the Senate and says
that she's gonna tell them which we
already knew that she had warned them
this is how they found out that pence
was lied to and then 18 days after this
morning Flynn was fired now let's listen
to CBS this is cut for this is CBS
prepping this before it happens possibly
the most this would be the most
dishonest 30 seconds of television
you've ever heard if you hadn't heard
everything else that's on CBS so listen
to the way they prepped this testimony
on Capitol Hill today could reveal
explosive new details about the alleged
ties between the Trump campaign and
Russia former acting Attorney General
Sally Yates will appear before a Senate
committee Sally Yates was an Obama
administration holdover and a key figure
in the Russia investigation she was
fired soon after warning the White House
about then national security adviser
Michael Flynn's conversations with
Russian officials okay so it's going to
be explosive first of all that's they
haven't heard it but it's gonna be
explosive but listen to what she said
she said she was fired shortly after
warning Michael Flynn it's warning the
Trump administration about Michael Flynn
she was fired shortly I mean the the
suggestion it's a clear suggestion that
she was fired for warning them about
Michael Flynn which is just an outright
lie okay so this is CBS this is a big
big Network right so now Trump tries to
turn the tide using his favorite thing
which is Twitter and he says ask Sally
Yates under oath if she knows how
classified information got into the
newspapers soon after she explained it
to the White House Counsel now this is
the only crime that we know has been
committed the only crime that we know
has been committed is the leaking of
Michael Flynn's name off what was
supposed to be a redacted communication
with the Russian with the Russian
right that was supposed to be masked
they unmasked Michael Flynn's name and
then leaked it to the Washington Post
they leaked this story to the Washington
Post that's the only credit federal
crime is the only crime that we know has
been committed
so Trump fighting back against this kind
of dishonesty oh he fired Sally Yates
because she was she warned him about
this tweets this here's CNN covering the
tweet this is what CNN thinks about this
tweet he's the president United States
and the former acting Attorney General
is about to testify under oath before
the United States Congress and you tweet
as Sal asked Sally Yates under oath if
she knows how classified information got
into the newspaper soon after she
explained it to the White House Counsel
it started before I got in cover in
politics all the time I used to cover
the courts a lot a lawyer would call
that witness intimidation from the
President of the United States look I
think that we have all been kind of
desensitized in some way to his tweets
and to his statements that are so out of
the norm
this is beyond out of the norm this is
inappropriate for the President of the
United States to be this aggressive with
somebody who used to work for him who's
coming before the United States Congress
and sworn testimony hours later is
beyond the pale it just is and you can
ask you could look we saw this we've
seen this in the coaming hearings we've
seen this is out here the White House
can send word up to its Republican
friends on Capitol Hill make sure you
push her on this make sure you push her
on that
to go public like this is striking
it's witness intimidation like a
gangster the man is like a gangster he's
like our witness is like Joe Pesci he's
intimidating the witnesses he's not
intimidating her he's fighting back
against you guys against John King and
Dana Bash and the people over at CBS
he's fighting back against you he's not
trying to do anything to her he's just
trying to get around you because you lie
because they're all Democrats I mean
it's just they don't see that you know
they really don't see what's right in
front of them all right so now Yates
takes the stand and she testifies so
let's have a cut of her we were
concerned that the American people had
been misled about the underlying conduct
and what general Flynn had done and
additionally that we weren't the only
ones that knew all of this that the
Russians also knew about what general
Flynn had done
and the Russians also knew the general
Flynn had misled the vice president and
others because in the media accounts it
was clear from the vice-president and
others that they were repeating what
general Flynn had told them and that
this was a problem because not only did
we believe that the Russians knew this
but that they likely had proof of this
information and that created a
compromised situation a situation where
the National Security Adviser
essentially could be blackmailed by the
Russians so first of all you know she's
a very attractive very calm she handled
herself beautifully she has a lovely
accent you know she has a great southern
accent you know you're looking at a
future senatorial candidate in fact with
the state that the Democrats are in she
could be their future presidential
candidate because they haven't got
anybody else I mean the best thing about
her for the Democrats is that she's not
a hundred and twelve years old and she
hasn't doesn't have that shrill voice of
most Democrat women so she's like you
know she did she did a good job but all
she's saying is I warned them you know
Mike Pence didn't lie when he went
forward and said that that Flynn hadn't
spoken to the Russian ambassador about
the sanctions he had been lied to he had
been misled we had been misled we don't
even know that he's liked it but
remember they do not we do not know what
Flint said we just don't know so so now
the Republicans bring up this other
issue this the issue of the one crime
that we know was committed the one crime
which was the exposing of Flynn's name
to the Washington Post and listen we're
gonna stay on Facebook and YouTube
because we want you to hear Mona Sharon
today talking about the never Trump
we're never Trump stands at this point
but but you know that shouldn't stop you
from coming over to the Daily wire calm
where if you subscribe you can be in the
mailbag and answer all will answer all
your questions change your life possibly
even for the better but don't count on
it okay so now Chuck Grassley starts to
question Yates and and General James
clapper was a former Director of
National Intelligence and he asked them
whether they were the ones who whether
they had unmasked people in these
conversations in other words if you if
you're allowed to
tap the Russian ambassador but if you
catch an American on there
his name is masked and if he has to be
you have to ask unmasked it you have to
have security clearance and leaking it
is a crime did either of you ever
requests the unmasking of mr. Trump his
associates or any member of Congress yes
in one case I did you can't so if I ask
you for details you said you can't
discuss that is that what you said not
not here okay Mishi Mishi Eights can you
answer that equation did you ever
request the unmasking of mr. Trump his
associates or any member of Congress no
our question - did either of you ever
review classified documents in which mr.
Trump his associates or members of
Congress had been on masks
no yes you have can you give us details
here and there's all I can't make shades
have you yes I have and no I can't give
you details okay so this is not a big
news day I understand why this is a lead
story but if you're a reporter a Fair
reporter isn't the lead story that Yates
Tate's testifies how she warned Trump
and they don't get any new information
about how who unmasked these names she
refused to talk about who one mask these
names that seemed to me part of the
story but we've already heard that there
we're gonna him this explosive news
about how you know about from a woman
who was fired shortly after she warned
the Trump administration I mean a
completely fake narrative so here's the
New York Times which used to be a
newspaper you may have heard of it
reporting on this story twice warned
Trump's stuck by Flynn despite ties to
Russia where they got this narrative
thing down like just that you know the
here's the subhead after Sally Yates
warned President Trump that his national
security advisor Michael T Flynn was
vulnerable to foreign blackmail mr.
Flynn held his job for 18 more days
Missa gates testimony along with a
separate revelation Monday that
President Barack Obama had warned
mr. Trump not to hire mr. Flinn offered
a more complete public account of mr.
Flint's stunning fall from one of the
nation's most important security posts
it also raised fresh doubts about mr.
Trump's judgement to whom in whose mind
that it raised fresh doubt you know
that's just like a loose phrase that's
just out there it is judgment in keeping
mr. Flinn in place despite serious
Justice Department concern now let's
let's just I gotta unpack that just for
a minute
you know somebody comes into your office
and tells you that somebody you trust
and believe in has you know has done
something wrong
eighteen days is not too long to wait to
fire to find out what's going on and to
firemen to think it through and make
sure you're treating them fairly and all
those things this is not this is not a
scandal you know and and by the way
there's also a second front page story
how the White House explains waiting to
fire Flynn how they explain I mean it
doesn't take that much explanation the
fact that Obama you know Sean Spicer
dealt with this the other day the fact
that Obama didn't like Flynn Flynn was a
constant critic of Obama's policy
regarding Isis Flynn was right Obama was
wrong Obama kept saying Isis isn't that
big a threat Flynn was like writing
books about how crazy he was no big
surprise that Obama didn't like it and
then and then afterwards Trump tweets
biggest story today between clapper and
Yates is on surveillance widest media
report on this hashtag fake news I mean
look I don't know you know it seems to
me this whole Trump collusion thing just
seems like an absolute smokescreen it
seems absolutely nonsense maybe Paul
Manafort was doing stuff with the
Russians Paul Manafort got fired again
you know Trump was getting these his sea
legs this does not seem like a big story
to me they have no even Dianne
Feinstein's said she had no proof of it
all this stuff but this the way the
media covers it is the story now the way
the media covers everything about Trump
is the story and they make Trump look
great they make his tweets look smart
they make his his objections to them
look smart him they make his insults to
him look smart the the what you're
hearing is the dying roar which are
hearing from places like the New York
Times is the dying roar
corrupt and dishonest industry that has
been caught they have been caught
outline and they cannot convince
themselves that everyone can see them
and they make Trump look terrific
alright let's bring on Mona Sharon I'm
so glad to have her on she is a
syndicated columnist and political
analyst she lives in Washington DC she's
a senior fellow at the ethics and Public
Policy Institute and host of the need to
know podcast as well as the author of
two New York Times best-selling books
the 2003 book useful idiots how liberals
got it wrong in the Cold War and still
blame America first and her 2005 book
do-gooders how liberals hurt those they
claim to help and the rest of us useful
idiots by the way I've read both these
books useful idiots if you've never read
useful idiots it's you've got to read it
it's just about how the left gave cover
to the Communists during the Cold War
it's really so well researched and so
well written great stuff moaning yeah
they are how you doing it's good to see
you it's been a long time
likewise agreed and thank you for
mentioning the books I'll just tell you
I have a third book coming along it's
almost finished and look for it what I
think you'll like it in particular
because it's about the history of
feminism Oh first send me a copy you are
coming back on you are must come back on
and talk about this you know I wanted to
bring you on because first of all if
there's anybody in on the right who
deserves the the phrase universally
respected it is you you would never go
off you know you never you're never
extreme you never go off and say
anything crazy but you were a firm never
Trump er I mean a year ago really this
very day you were writing about how
never trumpism was the only way to
preserve conservative values kind of
like our own ben shapiro but you know we
can't trust Ben so that's why I brought
you how do you feel now how are you
feeling about the Trump administration
so far well you know there's a line out
there that oh these never Trump errs
they refused to acknowledge that
anything good has come of this
administration they're locked into their
tunnel vision and so forth and I
actually don't think that's quite true
or at least it isn't true of many of the
people who were in that camp that
I read I have I praised many things that
Trump has done since he took office
so had lots of other critics of Trump
particularly the appointment of Neil or
such but but there has also been a
corresponding tendency that you don't
see talked about that much which is
among conservatives who argued that well
they were just holding their noses and
voting for Trump because the alternative
was Hillary and it was really just
agonizing but after all we had to choose
one of the other so very reluctantly we
choose talk now you see a lot of those
people sort of becoming Trump vets as
Fred Stevens put it Trump explainers
becoming willing to justify and back
anything that he does and and so I I
resist both of those extremes if you
will not to sound to Barack Obama II you
know yeah there's always a third way but
but I do think that he that that the
Trump administration still represents a
threat to many things that I hold dear
as a conservative and and if you like I
would I would like to propose an agenda
that would be populist / conservative
although I resist the term populism
completely but but where I think
conservatives can remember their roots
and possibly make connections with trump
and trumpism if there even is such a
thing and it would be this I mean let's
look at the ways in which as a
government because there are cultural
things that are going on there arguably
a lot more important than what the
government does but government is not
unimportant if I were looking for a
conservative agenda and an agenda that
sincere conservatives would be
advocating with Trump it would be
looking through the entire federal
government and picking out anything that
discourages marriage that discourages
work that discourages savings and
investment those should be our goals
because that is what has arguably held
us back and arguably undermines the
traits the character traits
that are crucial for a self-governing
democracy but but Trump I mean my
reaction to Trump I know I'm sort of one
of the people who probably would be
accused of of explaining Trump having
voted having truly held my nose and
voted for him because I thought Hillary
was a genuine I thought Hillary was a
genuine threat to the American
experiment when I when I see I accepted
the Trump was basically a constitutional
Democrat like in his hearty I think he's
he's kind of a Democrat but the stuff
that has happened Gorsuch the new slate
of ten judges he's proposed for the
appellate courts the rollback of
regulations things I never thought I'd
live to see basically I've been kind of
delighted with some of the things that's
happening not not all not all of them
but if george w bush had done as much as
as Trump had done wouldn't we have
glossed over some of didn't we in fact
gloss over some of george w bush's
left-leaning
mistakes and his overweening you know
for policy we all have a tendency to be
tribal we all have a tendency to want to
defend our own side and attack the
opposition that's natural and you can't
really eliminate it entirely from the
human heart
but you can attempt at least to be
fair-minded and I get the sense among
many people that that has been thrown
out the window but there is no interest
in fair-mindedness and being faithful to
the truth as you see it instead all all
but see well not all but but there is a
definite flavor on the right of wanting
just just put a stick in the eye of the
opposition and watch them scream in pain
and if that happens that makes our size
happy I find that a happy bonus there
are certain things that you know I I
celebrate with you and and Gorsuch and
and the court nominees are it's very
very important but it's not the only
thing and you people should not feel shy
about speaking up
and this president does things like say
this so-called judge has issued ruling
now admittedly he followed the law so
that's great and quite reassuring I
might add but when he lies when he does
when he says I'm going to release my tax
returns and then doesn't when or when
there's evidence of really the kind of
corruption which let's face it if there
had been Chelsea Clinton over in China
as we saw Jared Kushner recently selling
visas to come to the United States for
500 grand contributions to his business
imagine if Chelsea Clinton had done that
what people on our side would be saying
and so my plea is don't become someone
who just is blinded to your own sides
faults and says you know I'm gonna
overlook that and be you know
hypocritical I think we should we should
try to be straight and honest and call
them out when they do really shameful
things that selling of visas hard to
imagine that how anyone could even begin
to justify that and and what is what to
your mind right now as we sit here put
let's talk about it politically for a
minute what is the worst thing about the
Trump administration as its unfolding
well the worst thing at the moment
believe it or not is the failure of the
President to hire enough people there
are all of these federal bureaucracies
that are sitting empty they've got a
cabinet secretary and nobody underneath
except then but you know nobody in those
political slots and so instead what you
have are the career people making all
the decisions basically because just
having a secretary is not nearly enough
you need to have that whole layer of
political appointees who guide policy
and make the decisions about regulations
and about a lot of other things that
affect our lives and I have even heard
some people in this administration
saying well we don't we don't need to
fill all those posts anyway who needs
more beer
but they're not bureaucrats those are
the political appointees that's
worrisome it's funny it is worrisome and
I understand that but at the Guardian a
left-wing newspaper didn't point out
that if Trump were actually the fascist
authoritarian that they feared he would
be the first thing he would have done
was taken control of the machinery of
government and he hasn't if you're given
a choice between two interpretations one
of which is conspiracy and the other is
in confidence bring confidence every
time and so I think that's certainly the
case here but but so I I'm concerned
about the fact that he hasn't filled
these positions and therefore reversing
some of the things some of the damage
that Obama did it may not happen I mean
you only have so much time once you've
been elected your clock is ticking and
political opportunities if not use will
be squandered so I'm concerned about
that I'm also deeply deeply concerned
about the moral tone that this president
sets and what it says about our side
when he says in response to a question
about Putin and Putin killing people oh
you know what you think we don't kill
people you think we're so innocent that
was the worst that to me has been the
lowest point of the administration so
far yes just just horrifying
it undermines our moral standing and and
I think it it corrupts our understanding
of what America is in the world and it
shows such a little appreciation on the
part of our president for the country he
is fortunate to me it was a dumb dumb
thing to say and I said so at the time
and I agree but let me my last question
let me just I want to push back from
this other point of view and this is the
thing that has kind of been guiding me
you know I really do feel that the left
has the Democrats not just the left it
would be one thing if it were just a lot
but as the Democrats have lost the plot
of American freedom that when I look at
the things that for instance Justice
Breyer writes about the First Amendment
and how it's not there to protect the
speech of individuals and
this whole corporate idea they have that
is they're angry at an atmosphere for
democracy I mean these guys no longer
believe in free speech they no longer
believe in gun rights they really I mean
I was reading a piece in The New Yorker
that Adam Gopnik piece but maybe the
entire American Revolution was a mistake
I think that's where they're all headed
and it does seem to me that Trump for
all his flaws and I certainly admit he
has flaws has has put a doorstop in that
movement and and I think that there's
something to celebrate there along with
his big mouth and his occasionally
ignorant statements is there any can I
get any hallelujah for that or is it
completely to happy well I think look
that struggle between their
understanding of what it means to be an
American and ours is going to continue
with or without Trump and and I think
that and my own view is that Trump
actually impedes that fight rather than
helps us for a whole variety of reasons
some of which have to do with the quote
that I just gave you I think that he he
too as a lifelong Democrat doesn't
really understand the nature of freedom
the nature of our democratic experiment
in this country what makes America
exceptional and unique he has said he
doesn't like that term I don't think he
understands it and and so it my general
feeling is though he has done some very
good things from the point of view of
regulation and a few other things that
this will not end well
but that doesn't mean that that the
United States is made is is sealed I
hope that more and more people will see
the logic of our arguments I hope will
make them in a way that doesn't repel
people I'm I'm really disturbed by how
polarized we've become maybe I'm maybe
I'm nuts but I still believe in
persuasion I still think there's a
chance for bridge building and trying to
find common ground even though they
drive us crazy I you know I knew
bringing you on would be a
sonic because you really do address
these in a calm way dress these issues
in a calm way it's great talk it's
always great to see you where can people
find your stuff ok so they can read me
on national review calm they can look up
my columns as well as my podcasts on
ricochet calm and in just about a year
maybe less I have a new book coming out
as I mentioned about them the feminist
mistake oh wow I love it well I'll
definitely have you back on then if not
before it's great to see you Mona thank
you very much for coming thank you so
much mona Charen really really nice
incredibly nice person but also just an
incredibly same person which as you we
know in politics is really difficult to
find stuff I like so this week I wanted
to take a look at some Bible verses and
how they resonate in the culture and in
pop culture you know just in ordinary
things because so much of who we are and
what we think and how we even imagine
our lives comes from the Bible and this
is one of my favorite bible sections I
shouldn't call it a verse it's one of my
favorite Bible stories it is the story
of Moses discovering the burning bush
and in some ways with these Sacre
Abraham's sacrifice of Isaac non
sacrifice of Isaac is the kind of
formation of this people the reformation
of this people after their slavery in
Egypt and of course you know the Hebrews
are enslaved in Egypt because they made
the mistake of going for the Pharaohs
socialism the Pharaoh was collecting all
their everybody's grain and then
distributing it during the famine and
the Hebrews unfortunately fell for that
and they became slaves and Moses has
escaped from Egypt and he he is acting
as a shepherd and the angel of the Lord
appeared to him in a flame of fire out
of the midst of a bush he looked and
behold the bush was burning yet it was
not consumed and Moses said I will turn
aside to see this great sight why the
bush is not burned now God says I have
heard my people I've heard that they're
in trouble we're gonna get them out of
there
I'm gonna send you down into free the
people and Moses says the emotions
probably go like all God's prophets he's
like yeah you know I I'm actually having
my hair done that week you know he's
like please
get me out of it and Moses said to God
if I come to the people of Israel and
say to them the god of your father's has
sent me to you and they asked me what is
his name what shall I say to them and
God said to Moses I am Who I am and he
said say this to the people of Israel I
am has sent me to you and this to me is
one of the most profound passages in all
of literature in all of literature this
is one of the most profound passages
because it shows you not it shows you
this image this wonderful wonderful
image I mean if it weren't God writing
the story you would think like who
thinks of things like this but but the
answer is God and it is a bush which is
of course a symbol of fruition of
fruitfulness of growth of nature on fire
which is of course a symbol of
destruction in in eternal coexistence
right the bush is burning but it's never
consumed so we seen the entire system of
nature this apparently random system of
nature of things growing and things
dying of things coming to fruition and
things being destroyed and yet and yet
out of this apparently random and
endless and fun teleological of system
without an end without a purpose out
comes a voice that says I am okay and to
me this is saying this is a an act of
faith and Trust and it's not faith and
trust for Moses because he's hearing it
but for the rest of us it is an act of
faith and trust that this is an
incredible seemingly random system of
nature and its destruction and its
creation has a personality it is the
expression I shouldn't say it hasn't
personality it is the expression and the
emanation of a personality a God who has
a purpose and has a viewpoint he has a
people he wants the people to be free he
wants you know people to act so that
people can be free and he is speaking
out of his out of his being I am this
thing that you see in front of you this
seemingly random thing that you see in
front of you is the expression of a
person right when I say a person I don't
mean a human being I mean a personality
that somebody who has a nature that we
can relate to that we can speak with
that we can connect to and that we can
understand and we can act on whose half
whose behalf we can act and this is
there are two ways of looking at life
one is that it is this random series of
events we are thrown out here in a world
of death and life were born we live we
die we disappear and there is this other
system that all of this all that we see
and it's apparent randomness is the
expression of a personality who in whose
image we were made and whom we can
relate to and you know I don't have time
to talk about this today but it is in
some ways the difference between
Shakespeare's two great late plays one
is of course King Lear and the other is
oh my gosh the tempest the tempest and
and these are almost the same play about
a guy and his daughters one guy has one
daughter and one guy has three daughters
but one is a an expression of this
random tragedy this utter tragedy it
ends with King Lear his famous life howl
howl howl howl you know just absolutely
an expression of grief whereas the
expression of Prospero as he throws away
he gives away his creative powers and
lets his daughter free is the expression
of the end of a comedy of more marriage
more life and he's the one who says our
revels now are ended these are actors as
I foretold you were all spirits and are
melted into air into thin air and like
the baseless fabric of this vision the
cloud-capped towers the gorgeous palaces
the solemn temples the great globe
itself
yay all which it inherit shall dissolve
and like this insubstantial pageant
faded leave not a rack behind we are
such stuff as dreams are made on and our
little life is rounded with a sleep and
of course in in one sense that talks
about life is kind of an illusion the
same illusion as the theater but the
theater is written by somebody and
dreams have a dreamer and so he's really
talking about a kind of order
that our life is grasped we come we go
and yet there's something bigger that is
guiding his life and Prospero's
fatherhood is filled with value and
authority and understanding in a way
King Lear simply is not but if you
really want to see expressions of
nihilism expressions of that burning
bush without the voice of I am you have
to turn to really modern works and
modern thrillers are some of the best
ones there is a book I know I've
mentioned it before book called the
ruins by Scott Smith I think Scott Smith
is a fantastic novelist I think he's an
underrated novelist I mean he is a
best-seller Stephen King recognized his
book a simple plan which you've probably
at least seen the movie of one of my the
most unfortunate things about Scott
Smith is he spends his time in Hollywood
writing bad movies of his wonderful
books and if you read the ruins it is a
pure expression of absolute randomness
and nature it is nature is here it
doesn't care about you it doesn't care
about your love it doesn't care about
your life it doesn't care about anything
about you it just is here to devour you
that's what it's here for and it is the
burning bush without the voice of God
within it and the other is the 2003 film
open water and open water I loved when I
saw it as an expression of nihilism I
think you know it's very hard to express
kneel ISM in a way that matters and it's
about it's based on a true story it's
about two people who go on a scuba
diving trip in the Caribbean and just by
a series of accidents they are left
behind they're left behind in the water
in the open water with the sharks
there's a quick glimpse of these two
their lovers left behind in the open
water two ways of looking at life random
system of open water filled with
predators and prey and a personality
speaking to us I am both of those
systems make internal sense and the
reason is God wants us to be free as he
told Moses he wants his people to be
free to decide all right I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
tomorrow is the mailbag get your
questions in and we will solve all the
problems of your life completely just
completely you'll just be in the halo of
golden light probably not online but
send in your questions anyway I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
you
