feminist Millennials are now marrying
themselves yes siree Bob or Bobbitt it's
a new feminist trend in which lonely
bitter women who have wasted their lives
on careers instead of relationships
dress up in white and invite friends to
a ceremony in which they commit
themselves to live in holy matrimony
with themselves the process is called
Szilagyi me from the latin word meaning
more pathetic than the human heart can
bear yet strangely comical in a cruel
sort of way a website dedicated to self
marriage is selling a kit for 230
dollars that offers help planning your
own self wedding ceremony as well as
self wedding rings daily affirmation
cards and of course personalized
engraved suicide notes the websites
founder JP smarmy says quote if I can
make a few bucks off the wasted lives
and misery of feminists who found out
too late that everything they believe in
is wrong well sign me up at one recent
Salah gammy ceremony newly self married
feminist Susan scream he offered a toast
to the assembled guests who included her
broken alcoholic mother several stuffed
animals and a book about Disney
Princesses she hides under her mattress
and only takes out at night mrs. screamy
formerly Miss screamy said in her toast
quote thanks to feminism I have never
had a deeper or more important
relationship than the one I have with
myself and I'm so happy that myself and
I finally overcame our fears and decided
to get married it's true that myself and
I have occasionally had troubles
sometimes I find myself controlling and
domineering but then I tell myself that
that's sort of a turn-on for me but then
I accuse myself of just wanting to keep
me pregnant and in the kitchen and I
shout back at myself don't kid myself I
really love that so stop complaining
sure once or twice things got out of
hand and I had to call the police
but ultimately I decided to stand by
myself and I told the cops that I got my
black eye when I bumped into the door
since then myself and I have been in
couples therapy and we're making great
strides
for relations missus creamy
ended toast by raising her glass and
giving a hearty cry of please kill me
I'm so lonely after which she was
carried from the hall in tears while the
guests enjoyed champagne and vanilla
cake despite the fact that most of them
were plush toys another feminist who has
decided to practice the laga me told her
psychiatrist and the other patients in
her group quote feminism taught me that
I would be oppressed if I ended up doing
menial chores that express my love for a
husband and children who cherished me so
instead I have a career doing menial
chores for a corporation and boss who
wouldn't notice I was gone if I was run
over by a truck
so I'm marrying myself so I can finally
devote myself to someone who cares
enough about me to at least despise me
is cruel his journals had celebrated the
new trend of salami saying it brings
feminism to its natural conclusion
namely solitude sterility and despair
trigger warning Clavin and this may well
be the Andrew Clavin show
