feminist Millennials are now marrying
themselves yes siree Bob or Bobette it's
a new feminist trend in which lonely
bitter women who have wasted their lives
on careers instead of relationships
dress up in white and invite friends to
a ceremony in which they commit
themselves to live in holy matrimony
with themselves the process is called
salah gamete from the latin word meaning
more pathetic than the human heart can
bear yet strangely comical in a cruel
sort of way a website dedicated to self
marriage is selling a kit for 230
dollars that offers help planning your
own self wedding ceremony as well as
self wedding rings daily affirmation
cards and of course personalized
engraved suicide notes the websites
founder JP smarmy says quote if I can
make a few bucks off the wasted lives
and misery of feminists who found out
too late that everything they believe in
is wrong well sign me up at one recent
Salah gammy ceremony newly self married
feminist Susan screaming a toast to the
assembled guests who included her broken
alcoholic mother several stuffed animals
and a book about Disney Princesses she
hides under her mattress and only takes
out at night mrs. screamy formerly Miss
screamy said in her toast quote thanks
to feminism I have never had a deeper or
more important relationship than the one
I have with myself and I'm so happy that
myself and I finally overcame our fears
and decided to get married it's true
that myself and I have occasionally
troubles sometimes I find myself
controlling and domineering but then I
tell myself that that's sort of a
turn-on for me but then I accuse myself
of just wanting to keep me pregnant and
in the kitchen and I shout back at
myself don't kid myself I really love
that so stop complaining sure once or
twice things got out of hand and I had
to call the police but ultimately I
decided to stand by myself and I told
the cops that I got my black eye when I
bumped into the door since then myself
and I have been in couples therapy and
we're making great strides Fulcher
relationship misses screaming
and different toasts by raising your
glass and giving a hearty cry oh please
kill me I'm so lonely after which he was
carried from the hall in tears while the
guests enjoyed champagne and vanilla
cake despite the fact that most of them
were plush toys
another feminist who has decided to
practice the laga me told her
psychiatrist and the other patients in
her group quote feminism taught me that
I would be oppressed if I ended up doing
menial chores that express my love for a
husband and children who cherish me so
instead I have a career doing menial
chores for a corporation and boss who
wouldn't notice I was gone if I was run
over by a truck
so I'm marrying myself so I can finally
devote myself to someone who cares
enough about me to at least despise me
unquote it has cruellest Journal
celebrated the new trend of salami
saying it brings feminism to its natural
conclusion namely its solitude sterility
and despair trigger warning to Clavin
and this may well be the Andrew Clavin
show
there's a reason we also sing c-captain
florida's if anything it's a wonder what
sort of cruel heart this man what happen
that's don't like that that is a true
story I got it off our own wonderful
website The Daily wire one of our best
writers if he's not our best writer
Amanda I call her Amanda presto that's
what she calls herself on Twitter and I
can't pronounce her real name was his
press t press to Giacomo right press to
Giacomo I don't know but amanda press
her she's just a wonderful writer and
she has such a condensed sense of humor
if she can really just put in a couple
of lines and make it funny that was not
her article that was my travesty of her
article it's now bad day
it is now bad day and we will answer all
your questions answers guaranteed 100%
correct and they will change your life
and oh no what will happen then but
first we have to talk about blue apron
which will also change your life and
guaranteed for the better because this
is a way for you to bring restaurant
level meals into your own home it's home
cooking but the food they give you is
just the food and recipes they give you
just create these restaurant level meals
I've been eating it it really is
something else it's the number one fresh
ingredient ingredient and recipe
delivery service in the country its
mission is to make incredible home
cooking accessible to everyone and as I
say they call it home cooking but it's
not what you think of is home cooking it
really is fancier two meals like beef
teriyaki stir-fry with sugar snap peas
and lime rice yeah that's not what I
think of as home cooking that's what I
think I go to a restaurant for that
baked spinach and egg flatbread with
South sauteed asparagus and lemon aioli
3 cheese and baby broccoli Stromboli
with tomato and oregano dipping sauce
crispy salmon and roasted potato salad
with pickled mustard seeds and creme
fraiche sauce if it sounds good it
really is good what they do is they send
they can deliver just about anywhere in
the country and they send you the
ingredients very simple recipe and you
get
to cook you know you actually get to
cook it in the kitchen following the
recipe and they give you you don't have
to measure everything out because they
give it just the right amount that you
need so you know your family can be
together and cook and be in the kitchen
and then eat this incredible meal and it
really is affordable meals these
restaurant level meals are less than ten
dollars per person per meal and and this
week's menu if you check out this week's
menu you can get your first three meals
for free with free shipping I wish you
see if our if our audience had the level
of intelligence of Shapiro's audience
they were just immediately Boston but I
you know it's like I understand you know
you're listening to this show so you're
going like free food do I want that yes
you want the free food go to blue apron
dot-com slash Andrew and you will get
free the first three meals free with
free shipping you'll love how good it
feels and tastes to create incredible
home-cooked meals with blue apron so
don't wait go to blue apron comm /
Andrew blue apron it's a better way to
cook so everyone is now yelling Ector I
went home yesterday at lunchtime and I
said to my wife everyone on all sides is
screaming at me and she said so you're
doing your usual thing I guess I guess
it's me it's not you it's me one of our
listeners Jason New York sent this
picture and if this is the if you can't
see it it's that meme remember the dog
drinking coffee saying this is fine in a
burning building this is me drinking
coffee surrounded by dogs including a
dog from a trump supporting dog and a
resistance dog and a media dog and a
feminist dog it's a feminist add-on and
they're all screaming at me and I'm
saying this is fine so that's that's
kind of my life at this point if this
was oh let's let's go on the CGI of
Donald Trump continues the station it's
the media state democrat siege against
donald trump poor lonely the poor lonely
Donald it makes it it makes it very hard
to feel sorry for him but we'll try
we'll try a little bit to feel sorry for
him the latest scandal you know it's
funny because you have to report on
these things I
member opening this week by talking
about spending the night with a woman
who was congenital liar and how to at
the end of the night you started to
believe her because you just couldn't
believe they would lie about everything
so I I don't and I don't believe they
the press lies about everything I just
believe it has become impossible to tell
what a lie is the latest story and this
is the story is a guy who says he's a
friend of Comey and the reporter tells
us he's a friend of Comey but we have no
way of knowing who called the New York
Times and read them what they said was a
memo that Comey wrote after a meeting
with the whole Trump saying Trump had
asked him to lay off Michael Flynn
because he was a good guy I hope you can
let this pass I think were his words
okay scope so you know that that's a
that's a very serious thing it depends
how he did it
you know if he said oh you know the
guy's a great guy hope I hope we can get
past this that's one thing if he said
you know a I'm the president get back
get over don't investigate my friend
Michael and that of course is a total
other thing and it may never have
happened and this is one of the things I
want to talk about is the way these
scandals these so-called scandals are
pile up we start to assume each one is
true and even if we debunk one it still
creates this atmosphere of panic and
that this whole place is blowing up and
of course Trump you know doesn't help
himself because as I said about Trump
that he is a man who does seem capable
of learning but the one thing he doesn't
seem capable of learning how to do is
shut up you know because there are
Republicans the Republicans are running
for their life here's Bret Baier
yesterday say they kick it but on the
phone even from the president's own
party the calls now on the hill for if
there are tapes to hear them to see the
transcripts to have Comey testify they
are going to increase we have we've
tried tonight to get Republicans to come
out and talk to us and there are not
Republicans willing to go on camera
tonight as of yet and we'll see if that
changes this this story before we
confirm all of it if it's confirmable
change the dynamic on Capitol Hill I
think it does what's up you sure you
bright you got it you got to stick the
microphone under the bed with a half of
it
the Republicans are hiding if you can't
just walk around Capitol
you can't find him anymore and look you
know I can't the Republicans tend to be
like abused children they've been hit by
the press so long and so hard that
they're like oh don't don't wake up
daddy because it's mad so there they are
they are them a cowardly Bunch but it's
hard to blame them because every time
they come out and say Oh Trump didn't do
it or they echo a trump denial Trump
then sends out a tweet saying well I did
do it but I did it for a good reason or
whatever and they just makes them look
bad so they don't want to be the guy
nobody wants to be the guy to step
forward in front of the camera the White
House denied the report they said
nothing untoward happened but no no name
was attached to that so it's like it's
just like a like I made it into a paper
airplane just screwed up the Commission
to hook White House and hopefully hit
somebody so we're now looking at several
different scenarios okay I can I can
count a bunch of different scenarios but
let's take a look at some of the one is
the the deep state and the media and the
Democrats are basically the C gene the
president trying to destroy that's
number one to trump is an utterly Nick
Sounion figured the Trump is Hitler
thing is pretty close to the truth and
basically these are Patriots saving the
country from the you know destruction
three is the Trump is on a steep
learning curve he doesn't know what he's
doing he thinks it's like you know he
doesn't understand yet that his words
now carry the weight of a missile you
know they carry the force of a missile
he's the president the United States
he's a bumbler he's kind of you know
John putt Haaretz wrote in in New York
Post today right now the very best you
can say about Donald Trump is that he
stinks if this whole president thing in
large part because it keeps creating
trouble for himself and entirely on his
own and he goes on says yes the media
are against him and the Democrats want
to Scout but every one inclined to
indulge Trump into self-pity about how
he's being badly treated by others in
Washington and badly served by his own
staff is ignoring the basic facts of the
political situation he's bungling at
present like no one as bungled before so
that's another possibility that he's
just a bungler and then a fourth
possibility of course is a combination
that the press the deep state and the
Democrats are all have gone insane and
are basically trying to slow-motion
assassination of this president
and Trump is in some way contributing to
that and of course I think that that you
know that I think is obviously some
somewhere along there is the truth I
mean somewhere somewhere along Trump is
not handling this well he has left you
he's making a speech this morning at the
Coast Guard graduation ceremony and you
know he's there's a little self-pity
involved but also a little of
triumphalism listen to what he says over
the course of your life you will find
that things are not always fair you will
find that things happen to you that you
do not deserve and that are not always
warranted but you have to put your head
down and fight fight fight never ever
ever give up things will work out just
fine look at the way I've been treated
lately especially by the media no
politician in history and I say this
with great purity has been treated worse
or more unfairly you can't let them get
you down you can't let the critics and
the naysayers get in the way of your
dreams I guess that's why I want thank
you I guess that's why we won no
politician in history has ever been
treated worse I mean I'm thinking
Lincoln like first 1/2 of the country
left oh that was that was bad yeah that
was bad you know and then they blew his
head off you know it's also you can put
a dent in your day you know I mean so I
so I mean that but but I like the fight
fight fight part I think that's that's
kind of the the right tone - satin he
does have to go you know strike back
against these guys but you know
yesterday as I made it clear what
everybody's yelling at me about is I do
think that Trump has bumbled and fumbled
things and all this and I do think it
I'm willing to
this point to attribute it to a learning
curve you know I don't think he's been
trying to shut down investigations or
anything like that
but I really do think the greater danger
comes from not not the pressy everybody
keeps saying oh you know you're blaming
the media blaming the media so old we
know the media is left-wing get over it
get over that's not the problem that is
not the problem
it's the combination of the media the
Democrats and the state leaking on this
guy let me show you first I got to say
goodbye unfortunaly good clip to show
you a really interesting clip that says
exactly what I want to say but you've
got to come over to the Daily wire calm
if you want to hear it and while you're
at the daily water calm you should
subscribe for a lousy 8 bucks a month
you can be in the mail bag all your
problems will be solved
