all right and now it's for another from
another Paris socialist paradise
Michael Knowles from Cuba it's what it's
where the dark eyed Stella's like their
fellows panatela z√©'s that's a
beautiful so I'm expecting to reap the
harvest of cigars here I might have
brought you back one or 1,000 or so yes
it was Michael Moore's right it's a
socialist paradise it's it's a total
paradise
I didn't who knew I didn't know that I
was a communist until now I actually I'm
really confused about one thing in Cuba
when I walk around liberal places in the
United States left-wing places I see a
lot of Che Guevera t-shirts right but
when I walk around Cuba I don't see any
she give our t-shirts I see a lot of
American flags mysterious doesn't make
any sense yes that is a mystery I wonder
why that's true it's always like the
people who know anything about communism
and have been brutally brutally
oppressed by it for 60 years they don't
like it very much and then a bunch of
dummies on college campuses really
really like it embrace it do they really
wear American flag I saw I was I was in
Cuba for three and a half four days okay
I saw over a dozen people wearing
American flag really oh yeah so they're
not getting arrested for it at least or
at least that you saw it's interesting I
didn't see people getting arrested for
it and also unlike other communist
dictatorships I didn't see a big clamp
down on religiosity there's a lot of
cathedrals a lot of famous religious
places in Cuba yeah I see I saw a lot of
people get getting shaken down for other
reasons though you mean by the by the
cops by the cops really I'm walking
around on the street and I'm going to be
very careful not to mention professions
or anything al because they live in a
brutal communist dictator Shalit but I
talk to a lot of people on the street a
lot of Cubans even in very poor Spanish
and I saw multiple people getting shaken
down by the cops in only my three to
four days
trip to Cuba you forget what it's like
here when you know I mean I've an LAPD
cop pulls me over and I try to give him
money you he'll arrest me for it that's
right as you should yeah it's exactly
the opposite in Cuba and the the first
thing you notice first of all it's a
beautiful country it's a wonderful court
and people will talk to you on the
street but they won't hassle you they
aren't trying to shake you down for
money we're in Italy you have a dozen
poor people grabbing onto your legs and
you drag them out of streets to try to
get your money not in Cuba they just
talk to you and I spoke to a number of
them I asked how are things today is it
true that there are a lot of reforms
going on with all of the American money
are things really getting better and
what a lot of them told me is it's it's
the same it's the same it's the same as
it ever was
now that isn't entirely true if you look
at a macroeconomic picture okay Cuba is
liberalizing or rather was liberalizing
certain sectors of the economy
so private guest houses like Airbnb can
be used they still pay a hefty shakedown
I mean it is or it is a racket the just
is all communist and Mafia regimes work
this is a racket communism and mafia the
same thing it's exactly the gang thing
and and you see it vividly in in Cuba
but even certain private restaurants and
private guest houses are a little bit
liberalizing however last year when Raul
Castro announced that he would step down
next year in 2018 but the economic
reforms seemed to kind of fall by the
wayside ah there was a big pushback from
Communist Party officials who didn't
like that certain people were making
some money now certain wealth
inequalities were growing wealth
inequality meaning that not if somebody
else was good money yes make money um
because I don't think people really
understand the poverty in Cuba the
government reports that the average
salary is $25 a month $25 a month one to
five dollars a month now that'll that'll
buy you like right imagine that yeah not
really
yeah I think so because that's so deeply
depressed but the economy the Castro
regime liberalized tourism in the early
90s once communism fell and they stopped
getting their free money from Soviet
Russia so they've had this influx of
tourists and prices are expensive you
will never see Cubans walking around the
big international hotels swimming in the
swimming pools it simply does not happen
so what is what is a guy when you talk
to people what what's their life like
are they saying you know yeah we love it
here everything's great or are they
actually complaining about it's awful
it's awful III asked a number of Cubans
on the street what they think of America
would they think of all these Americans
coming in spending a lot of money and
they say the Cuban people love Americans
and they love America and the Cuban
government despises America and
Americans but the the only people who
admire Fidel Castro and Che Guevara and
all the other thugs that have destroyed
that country and brutalized those people
are left wingers in Western societies
and here in America I did not see any
Cubans who had anything but disdain
really were ya
Alessa so it's so frustrating it is so
frustrating she's found walking around
LA and a Che Guevara t-shirt with these
are real people really oppressed these
are real people and a lot of them they
wouldn't speak about the government to
me there's a huge fear of political
dissent but for people that I
encountered on the street and in squares
and where there wasn't a big fear of
getting caught right away they to a man
they they despise these people because
they've ruined that country they've
ruined these people and forget even the
the death squads and the crackdown on
dissent that they're the economy is so
terrible there that when you factor in
the there is a black market obviously
right people are having shakedowns and
paying people off all the time but even
in that case the upper 1.5% of Cubans
the 1% of Cuba makes $12,000 a year mmm
that includes all the party guys that
includes the the brutalizer right
obviously the Castros makes
significantly
the majority of the Cuban people make
less than $100 a month you know you know
it's insane when you think back on
people like Barbara Walters doing that
kind of lavishly a fawning interview
with with Fidel Castro the way they have
treated him like a rock star I mean
these guys are my it's really like
treating John Gotti like that I mean
it's all it is all it communism or
socialism socialism is is a protection
racket you know give us your money I
mean you you know I mean how do they how
do they make any money at all is it all
on the black market is that what they
did a lot of it is on the black market
and I there there is a schizophrenic
experience of going to Cuba because it
is a lot of fun it is a great event and
it really does benefit the Cuban people
yeah at least a tiny bit when we give
them our money when we tip them well and
when we we bring some more resources
into that country and one should not be
naive the government is stealing most of
them the vast vast majority of that
money is going to that government
however I was sitting I was watching a
beautiful show in Havana an amazing
Ricky Ricardo old-school Cuban show and
I thought this is one of the best shows
I've seen in years I'm really enjoying
this and I'm filled but nothing but a
deep and profound hatred for Fidel
Castro man what identities as and there
is that balance that you're that this
totally split experience that you're
having in Cuba the people that I met to
a man were wonderful warm just just kind
and generous people the the question is
should we go what do we do about the
embargo what do we do about these travel
restrictions because some people don't
know this either Barack Obama did not
end the embargo he eased restrictions
from the executive branch right on
travel to Cuba so that question is
something we'll have to deal with now if
we look at China Nixon goes to China and
72 liberalisation opened up in 78 very
similar to the liberalisation under rol
Castro which has now been stalled it
seems to me that the Chinese are better
off a quarter of a century later because
we have opened up trade with them yeah
and and because you know mouths go
I mean that was helpful to have to say
by the way that cigar smells fantastic
well I only have about a hundred
bazillion a thematic maybe I'll be able
to give you one you know there is one
really fun thing I did I'm I'm really
filled with this rage a lot yeah at Shea
and yep Fidel Castro and Barack Obama
famously stood in front were dignified
in front of Che Guevara as he was lying
through his teeth to the Cuban people
and promised that he wouldn't rescind
wet foot dry foot the policy that allows
Cubans who make it to this country right
to stay here which he did yep but I got
to stand in front of Che Guevara and I
got to wear a make America great again
hat oh and bring focus ago I think we
have here's the photo right there you
tell me which Russian you pick oh yeah
see now if you're not if you're not
subscribed to the daily water you were
missing one of the great photographs
it's a Pulitzer Prize level photograph
Michael Knowles smoking a cigar wearing
a make America great again hat in front
of the big poster of Che Guevara's la
plaza de la revolucion is happening and
my recommendation I saw a lot of
Americans coming a lot of my friends
have gone I will certainly go back tip
people very well you're an ambassador to
your country these people need it much
much better than you do and buy every
dollar you give to a Cuban guy on the
street is sticking an eye right in the
singing of finger right in the eye of
that regime and we'll see that what will
happen next year so what happens what
happens what you know I mean I have this
experience going overland and listening
to these people being you know they're
oppressed you know they're in the middle
of Ohio they're oppressed that going to
college on there's a lot of them on
government loans they're oppressed you
know I'm oppressed because I'm a black
man in America which is at this point a
joke I mean the only thing oppressing
you at this point is Democrat values and
Democrat programs that keep you asleep
so what happens when liberals go to this
country that this was an incredible
experience I overheard it on the plane
back from Havana
and just from Americans I was talking to
around there they have to tell themself
an absurd fiction to live with
themselves for their political
philosophies and for their behavior in
Cuba they're left wingers and they say
eh I say the crushing poverty is is
really depressing and it's caused by
these brutal leftist dictators and they
say no no no no you can oh this is true
there's a real conversation
you don't understand Michael they
there's a black market economy it's just
the government gives them some money and
then they they look you can't trust
these Cubans direct quote real you can't
trust these Cubans they make a lot of
money they're shaking you you don't even
you don't even know what's happening
well all of the statistics on this tell
a completely different story but the
final quote which I think a lot of left
wingers in America would agree with is
but at least they all have jobs Oh
seriously in America we have
unemployment and there who needs air
conditioning it's isn't it so nice we
need air conditioning they don't even
need it
they don't even need nice food or
sufficient food and the health care and
they have that all that free health care
do it I talked to some Cubans about this
I wanted to bring up the Michael Moore
question and I said well how is how are
the government services this is touted
by the left in America all the time and
in broken Spanish a person that I spoke
to responded yes we have a hospital here
thanks to the Communist revolutionary
the hospital anyone can go to the
hospital
any person poor doesn't matter you're
your race or your status you can go in
that and not receive any medicine haha
you can't go to that hospital and
receive no sir that's Cuba for you well
welcome back to the good old US of A
it's good to have you back as I told you
when you left if you do get in trouble
don't call me that's what I was worried
you know I was kind of even hoping a
little bit that I would get thrown into
a Cuban jail for some political
shenanigans and I didn't that was a
disappointment yeah after this segment I
certainly will Michael Knowles the the
president of all trolls in America sent
to Cuba and probably I would say they'll
probably be a capitalist revolution lab
within the hour after after looking back
no
