this week an odd tweet appeared in my
mention from a verified Twitter user
users prominent enough to be granted a
blue checkmark by Twitter itself this
one came courtesy of a rapper named
Talib Kweli Green I'll admit I never
heard of green until he suddenly
appeared in my mentions calling me a
racist ass it turns out Green is a
rapper with well over 1 million Twitter
followers in a long history of
quote-unquote social activism a quick
search of Greene's Twitter feed showed a
wide variety of instances of the rapper
calling people white boy and coon really
which is horrible he says that this does
not make him racist of course only the
term black boy would be racist
since green maintains the white people
cannot truly be victimized by racism
when I pointed out that seeming
incongruity green replied what's the
problem white boy you think white boy is
racist wow you're dumber than I thought
he then dared me to call him black boy
which of course I would never do since
that would be racist
what's greens actual argument it seems
to be that since the derogatory slur
black boy was thrown around by lynch
mobs and the other derogatory slur can
no longer be derogatory this is the
rhetorical equivalent of the argument
your mom used to make back in grade
school you're not really hungry there
are children in China who are starving
to death the argument fails for the same
reason yes it turns out there are
gradations of racism just as there are
gradations of hunger but you are hungry
when you're a kid even if your bowels
weren't distended and you're a racist if
you call someone white boy in derogatory
fashion even if you're not attempting to
lynch him thanks to the theory of
intersectionality however such logic
goes by the wayside intersectionality
theory has now taken over the college
campuses leaving the broken corpses of
decency and reason in its wake
intersectionality classifies social
categories of race class gender and
sexual orientation into a hierarchy of
victimhood that decides how you should
be treated if you're a black lesbian for
example you outright outrank a black
straight man and your view must be
treated with more caring weight than
that of the black straight man more
importantly since society somehow
classifies you as lesser than the black
straight man you are incapable of ever
doing anything to victimize that black
straight man social powerlessness means
that your individual victim status never
changes
that's why green and others on the Left
believe it's fine to use white boys slur
black people have historically seen
discrimination in America whites if not
White's benefit from a more powerful
status in society at large and therefore
black people cannot possibly be racist
against white people as Morehouse
College professor dr. mark Lamont Hill
said last year
black people don't have the
institutional power to be racist or to
deploy racism
only one problem with this notion it's
racist racism bolstered by power is
obviously more dangerous than racism
without it but racism can be used to
achieve power - generally through the
polarization of racial groups against
one another tribalism is a powerful
force resorting to a victimhood
mentality to explain tribalism away
doesn't make it any less toxic the
faster Americans learn that the faster
racism can actually be curbed rather
than exacerbated I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show so if I seem a
little frazzled today it's because the
news is utterly insane it's totally
crazy we'll break it down for you we
will provide you all the evidence and
you will make your own decision today
yes we're going to play a
choose-your-own-adventure version of the
ben shapiro show today in which i
presents you all of the evidence for the
various theories as to why the President
of the United States just fired the FBI
director and you will be able to choose
which one you think is the most
plausible they're basically three
theories I will present my own as well
one of the three is mine and we'll talk
about which one is the most plausible
but first I want to say thank you to our
friends over at helix sleep so if you're
like me you don't get a lot of sleep
generally if you're like me and the news
took you late into the night then you
value your sleep that much more that's
why you need a mattress from helix sleep
calm slash Ben right now if you go to
helix sleep calm slash Ben you answer a
few simple questions there on a 3d
biomechanical model of your body through
their proprietary algorithms and then
they send you the most comfortable
mattress you have ever slept on they
have mattresses that can differentiate
two sides of the bed if so so you and
your spouse don't actually have to have
the exact same type of mattress you can
choose a mattress that breathes more you
can choose a mattress that absorbs heat
more you can choose one that's firmer or
one that is softer the mattress arrives
in your mailbox in about a week and
shipping is 100% free you open up the
box it inflates right in front of you
cuz it's a foam mattress this mattress
is so good that I took a more expensive
mattress and put it in the other room
because I love my helix sleep mattress
that much right now if you go to helix
sleep comm slash bending at $50 off your
first order $50 off your order when you
use helix sleep comm slash Ben and it's
no risk because you have a hundred
nights to try it out and if you don't
like it they'll pick it up for free and
give you a hundred percent refund
without any questions asked again that's
helix sleep comm slash Ben I sleep
better on this mattress helix sleep comm
slash Ben okay so James Comey is gone
now on a raw level
News James Comey was a crappy FBI
director if you recall last week well a
lot of the right was saying that Jim's
coming has done a wonderful job
explaining his conduct before Congress I
was saying he should be fired as I
thought that he's done a crappy job ever
since July and my opinion of him did not
change from July to now he always should
have been fired his firing is a good
thing for the FBI so on that note I'm
glad that President Trump fired him how
he fired him is a little bit weird so
what we heard is that James Comey was
giving a lecture at some FBI branch out
here in Los Angeles and in the middle of
the speech the TV's behind James Comey
started showing the news that he had
been fired this is a comedy at this
point I'm sorry it's so freakin funny
and then Comey
apparently said to people that's a fun
and pretty funny joke and then like five
seconds later he's pulled off stage and
brought into a back room where a letter
from Trump to him is read aloud to him
by somebody and a manila envelope is
delivered by Trump's personal bodyguard
to James Comey the director of the FBI
at which point the cameras start
following James commis car through Los
Angeles it's the 405 and all of a sudden
it's back in OJ days like well white
Bronco days he's being fucked there's a
rockets game on TV he's being fuck the
quarters of Los Angeles by a camera and
Zoey terzo eater Bob Carr was the
cameraman the OJ chases daughter Katie's
her is now covering it the Clintons are
back
Trump is back we're living in 1994 again
gang it's totally wild so pretty amazing
stuff and then just to make things even
crazier this morning after Trump fires
Comey and the theory from the left is
the reason they fired Comey is to cover
up his evil Trump Russia collusion which
as I said yesterday there's no evidence
of to this point the the theory from the
left is that's happening so who did
Trump meet with today
today that after he fired Comey he met
with Sergey Lavrov the Foreign Minister
of Russia and Sergey kiss lyac who's
that Russian ambassador who was so
controversial that Mike Flynn was
basically fired for getting on the phone
with him
Trump met and took pictures of both of
them today and then the press pool was
told come in and take pictures of them
they walk in and who's sitting there
Henry Kissinger Richard Nixon's
Secretary of State so I mean this is
troll master 101 it's it's pretty
spectacular stuff except I don't
actually think I don't actually think
that
meant to do any of this stuff so there
are basically three theories as to why
all of this is going down the way that
it's going down
but first I want to give you the
background as to what the Trump
administration says was happening in all
of this so yesterday very late yesterday
there's a letter that is released from
the White House by rod Rosenstein rod
Rosenstein is the Deputy Attorney
General
remember Attorney General sessions has
recused himself from the Trump Russia
investigation and any investigation into
the election and so his Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosenstein he's the one who
actually writes this letter he writes
this long letter explaining why Comey
has to go and he says the current FBI
director is an articulate and persuasive
speaker about leadership and the
immutable principles of the Department
of Justice he deserves our appreciation
for his public service as you and I have
discussed however I cannot defend the
directors handling of the conclusion of
the investigation of secretary Clinton's
emails and I do not understand his
refusal to accept the nearly Universal
judgment that he was mistaken almost
everyone agrees the director made
serious mistakes it is one of the few
issues that unites people of diverse
perspectives and then the rest of the
letter explains exactly what I explained
last week which is that James Comey
never should have done what he did in
July 2016 when he basically read why
Hillary was guilty then changed the law
and recommended that she not be
prosecuted and then in October he sent a
letter that again exposed Hillary
Clinton to all sorts of public scrutiny
without a tremendous amount of evidence
saying that Hillary Clinton's emails had
been discovered on Anthony Weiner's
computer and then a few days later he
exonerated her and rod Rosenstein says
all of this means that this is a mess
and Comey basically had to go now he
never explicitly says in his letter that
Comey is supposed to go which is sort of
important for reason I'll explain in a
second but he says we should reject the
departure from tradition although the
president has the power to remove an FBI
director the decision should not be
taken lightly I agree with the nearly
unanimous opinions and former Department
officials the way the director handled
the conclusion of the email
investigation was wrong as a result the
FBI is unlikely to regain public and
congressional trust until it has a new
director okay so that is the reason that
is being put forth by the Trump
administration is that Trump was really
mad at how at how James Comey handled
the Hillary investigation no yes
get right Austin right what then that is
exactly the right question that is
exactly the right question because here
is Donald Trump talking in October about
how much he loves James Comey for how he
handled the hill
reinvestigation and it took guts for
director Comey to make the move that he
made in light of the kind of opposition
he had where they're trying to protect
her from criminal prosecution you know
that oh I guess the story is that he's
really pissed at how they hurt Hillary
it would they were so mean to help I
remember an entire campaign of Trump
chanting lock her up so no on this no
okay that's a bunch of crap
that's a whole and here's the proof it's
a bunch of crap the director from Trump
to Comey actually firing him says quote
while I greatly appreciate you informing
me on three separate occasions that I am
NOT under investigation I nevertheless
concur with the judgment of the
Department of Justice that you're not
effectively able to lead the bureau okay
so so what he's really saying there is
that he's pissed economy because he
thinks Comey hasn't closed up the Trump
Russia investigation and expedient
fashion so I want to talk about what
exactly that means because there's two
theories of how that comes down but
first I need to point out the hypocrisy
of the Democrats I've pointed out
Trump's Epocrates saying that this is
all the that he had to go because of how
the Clinton investigation was handled
even though he sort of was a fan of how
the Clinton investigation was handled in
the end because it made him win in part
at least partially okay here's the
democratic hypocrisy but let me finish
with the Republican hypocrisy first Jeff
Sessions also said that Comey had to go
on the basis of his handling of the
Clinton investigation here is Jeff
Sessions way back when saying Comey did
the right thing there's some serious
allegations here that the American
people need to know are fully
investigated and I you know FBI director
Comey did the right thing when he found
new evidence he had no choice but the
report to the American Congress where he
had under oath testified the
investigation was over he had to correct
that and say this investigation is
ongoing now and I'm sure what okay so
it's sessions in Trump now say that
Comey has to go because the Clinton
stuff that's not what's happening
meanwhile the Democrats are also
hypocrites so Donald Trump is ripping
Chuck Schumer because Chuck Schumer was
out there saying that this is the end of
the world and he should never fired
economy back in November he was saying
the Comey should have been fired and
Trump rightly says crying chuck schumer
stated recently I love that the
nicknames are back you know that trumps
on his game when the nickname
our backhand drop in the Gees cryin
Chuck Shumer stated recently as you not
have confidence in him James coming any
longer then act so indignant hashtag
drained the swamp so now he's saying
that he's draining the swamp of Comey
the guy who he really did five seconds
ago and basically blew him a kiss
actually physically blew him a kiss
while he was saying that he was going to
reappoint him which is just amazing
meanwhile the Democrats are indeed
hypocrites so Nancy Pelosi saying that
this is just the worst thing in the
world that Trump fired call me I seem to
remember Nancy Pelosi saying something
different here's what Nancy Pelosi said
just a few months ago and these jobs if
you're not in it for a while you can't
take the heat and I think he just
couldn't take the heat from the
Republicans so Comey should have gone
back in November but now she's all
pissed that commis leaving I think
here's an entire montage for Democrats
saying the same thing President Trump
called me and informed me he was firing
director Comey I told the president mr.
president with all due respect you were
making a big mistake
senator Harry from Nevada says Comey
broke the law one Democratic lawmaker is
calling on Comey to resign the FBI
director okay you violated these two
protocols that kind of an ambiguity bomb
this close to election was a terrible
absent judgment I agree with Eric Holder
I think here director Comey made a great
mistake as I call it an October betrayal
of long-standing FBI protocol sitting
FBI director has abused his power is
acting in concert and coordination with
the House Republicans in this story I
think that call me acted in an
outrageous way Jenny stepped down I
think you should take a hard look at
what he has done Democrats from back in
November that is Bernie Sanders that is
I think that's Elijah Cummings that's a
bunch of other senators Chuck Schumer
that is that was Tim Kaine from Virginia
so basically all the Democrats back in
November wanted him fired now they don't
want him fired Jeffrey Toobin of CNN
who's the legal analyst last night who's
going crazy over call me being fired
here's a small montage of Jeffrey Toobin
the legal analyst at CNN what he had to
say about James Comey up until the point
James Comey was fired the idea that they
were obliged to do this on top
Kuang commis statement about hillary
clinton last week
it just shows at least that they are
oblivious and incompetent if not
actively partisan in this in this
presidential race Jeff first of all on
this whole Mark Ridge document done from
the FBI is it just a coincidence that it
happened now well perhaps it is
certainly bizarre as someone who has
made FOIA requests to the FBI they are
notoriously terrible about responding to
them they take years they don't release
documents in in any sort of orderly or
consistent way it is conceivable that
this was just a coincidence but coming
on top of the director Comey's you know
very unusual and controversial release
last week it just makes the FBI look
like a like a wing of the Republican
Party why did James Comey compat feel
compelled to release the information
that they were looking into these emails
right before the election that's the
same ends legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin
spending the entire election cycle
saying coma should be fired and then of
course he turns around and says no way
he shouldn't be fired this is all crazy
okay so this brings us to our three
theories which I will get to in just a
second our three theories of why Trump
did what Trump just did with James Comey
and this is the important part so we'll
get to that in just a second but first I
want to say thank you to our new
advertisers over at Indy Chino so Indo
Chino is a suit company they basically
make made-to-measure suits fit and they
fit fantastic ok I went over to an Enzo
Gino's store over on on Santa Monica
Boulevard in Beverly Hills and it was a
wonderful experience they they fit it
directly to you they fit a suit directly
to you you pick your fabric they have
about a thousand different variations on
how you can actually have the suit done
from m'appelle size to the to the the
weave of the fabric to the the design of
the design of the lining of the fabric
to how the lapel button should be I mean
it's really amazing stuff super detail
and they make sure that everything fits
directly to you over at Enzo Chino you
can visit their showroom or shop online
in Indo Chino comm you can pick your
fabric choose customizations from
Apelles to pleats to jacket linings
submit your measurements yourself you
can either do it online yourself have
your spouse do it for you or you can
head over to
one of their shops where they have their
professionals doing it I worked with a
gal over there who was just terrific
really knew what she was doing and was
able to advise me because I don't know
what the hell I'm talking about when it
comes to suits and what would fit the
best at endo Chino comm ing o CH Ino
comm any premium Indo Chino suit right
now if you use promo code Shapiro is
just three hundred seventy nine dollars
and that's not an off-the-rack suit gang
that's it that's a that's a suit that is
made to fit you it isn't it will fit you
perfectly that's what they that's what
they essentially make sure happens again
it's promo code Shapiro endo Chino comm
any premium Indo Chino suit for just
three hundred and seventy nine dollars
which is a fantastic deal that's 50% off
their regular price for made-to-measure
premium suits I mean that is a great
deal shipping as well as free again that
is Indo Chino comp remote code Shapiro
you're only gonna need to buy one of
these suits and it's gonna replace
everything else in your wardrobe
basically all the other suits you worn
are gonna look crappy next to the Indo
Chino suit that you just bought because
it's made to fit just for you there's
nothing better than a tailored suit in
Sochi know.com promo code Shapiro that's
a really great price I mean when I spent
for my wedding suit it was like a
thousand dollars way back when the most
I'd ever spent on a piece of clothing
still is the most I've ever spent on a
piece of clothing you can get you know
that same suit but better from Indo
Chino at Indo Chino comm promo code
Shapiro for 379 bucks when you use that
promo code fantastic company it was a
lot of fun to visit the shop by the way
you should go over and if you can you
should go over and check it out in
person if not sending the measurements
and they will send you a suit that is
made to order okay so here are the three
theories about why Trump fired James
Comey now so they're really two
questions one is does it have anything
to do with the Trump Russia
investigation and the second is why did
you do it now so as we pointed out it
makes no sense to suggest that Donald
Trump fired James Comey over his
incompetence over the Hillary Clinton
investigation but that is Theory number
one so theory number one is that he
fired him for incompetence multiple
letters from the administration say that
Trump was told over and over and over
the Comey needed to go there a variety
of reasons why he needed to go number
one
his July 2016 exoneration of Hillary
Clinton number two the October 28th
letter informing Congress that the FBI
had it uncovered new emails and number
three that just a couple of days ago he
appeared before Congress to explain
himself made an ass of himself and the
FBI had to restate the evidence in order
to prevent him from
having committed perjury he lost the
trust of the administration and so he
had to be fired that's the most clear
and obvious explanation it also does not
explain the timing it doesn't explain
why exactly this happened when it
happened it doesn't explain why exactly
Trump did it now right he should have
fired Comey immediately upon entering
office or beforehand he should have said
or if you wanted to fire him now it
should have gone them to listen director
Comey we've lost confidence in you but
we want to make sure that there's some
sort of institutional stability there's
not a big scandal we want to have your
help in transitioning away from this
being your departments in somebody
else's department here's a list of
nominees let's work on this and let's
try and figure out a way to transition
this more smoothly that's not what
happened and there are serious questions
as to why that didn't happen there's a
lot of evidence to suggest that this had
nothing to do with the Clinton
investigation number one as I mentioned
Trump is obviously very very angry at
James Comey over Russia in that letter
as I mentioned there's a phrase that
says well I greatly appreciate you
informing me on three separate occasions
I'm not under investigation I
nevertheless concur with the judgment of
the DOJ you're not able to effectively
lead the bureau so he's really pissed at
Comey over Russia I'll explain this
doesn't necessarily mean corruption but
he's pissed at Comey over Russia
Politico has reported something similar
today he had grown and raised by the
Russia investigations to advisors said
frustrated by his inability to control
the mushrooming narrative around Russia
he repeatedly asked aides why the
Russian investigation wouldn't disappear
demanded they speak out for him he would
sometimes scream at TV clips about the
probe one advisor said Trump had grown
angry with the Russia investigation
particularly Comey admitting in front of
the Senate that the FBI was
investigating his campaign so he's
pissed at Comey for not coming out and
saying there's nothing here and so he
fired him is the theory he's been using
Twitter to bash the Trump Russia
investigation the day before he fired
call me he tweeted the Russia Trump
collusion story is a total hoax when
will this taxpayer-funded charade end
the next steak home he was gone Third
Point Rosenstein remember the guy who
wrote that long letter explaining why
Comey should go his letter was dated
yesterday if this was a long time in
coming
why was the letter about when he should
be fired dated the day that he was fired
so here's the problem
okay the Trump administration said that
it took them 18 days to fire Michael
Flynn after they were informed by the
acting Attorney General the Michael
Flynn was compromised by the Russians
but it took them apparently 18 seconds
to fire the FBI director after the
Deputy Attorney General said oh by the
way he's bad at his
job so that's this was basically just an
excuse
clearly Trump's surrogates don't know
what's flying so this makes it look like
it was spur-of-the-moment not like this
is a long time in coming and he clearly
didn't fire call me over to the Clinton
stuff as we pointed out earlier so
theory number one has some holes in it
this theory that Trump fired him for
simple incompetence now that's you know
there are people who are who are trying
to maintain that so there was a there's
a yesterday that this was coming Sean
Spicer was asked at a press conference
whether Comey had Trump's confidence and
he said this does the president still
have confidence full confidence of FBI
director James Comey I have no reason to
believe I haven't asked him so I I don't
I have not asked the president since the
last time we spoke about this well I I
don't in light of what you're telling me
I don't want to start speaking on behalf
of the president without speaking to him
first so that was a hint that this was
coming
spicer disassociating himself Susan
Collins senator from Maine she says that
commis refusal to indict Hillary is the
reason why he's gone it seems to me that
this may have been the inevitable
conclusion of director Comey's decision
last July to go public with the reasons
that he has decided not to recommend an
indictment of Hillary Clinton I think
that he is a very well-intentioned
individual but that decision to bypass
the normal rules of the Justice
Department which he could have gone to
the Deputy Attorney General
she's backing the narrative from the
administration but the problem is I've
pointed out here is that there's real
timing problems Charles Krauthammer said
the same thing last night the fire him
summarily with no warning in the middle
of May because as let me happen in July
is he's almost been explicable second
the reason or sensibly is as you read in
that letter for doing something that
you're not supposed to do to usurp the
Attorney General but second to release
all that information which was
imaging to Hillary Clinton Donald
Trump's opponent do we really believe
that Donald Trump after all these months
decided suddenly had to fire this guy
because he damaged Hillary back in July
another implausible conjecture okay
exactly right of course Senate
Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard
Burr he says he doesn't understand why
this firing has happened now even Senate
Republicans are puzzled by this we don't
have that okay so he said that so in
other words how upset about this so
theory number one that this was
basically a straightforward firing of a
guy who was incompetent it doesn't
really wash ok theory number two is the
one the Democrats are pushing theory
number two is the idea that this was an
incompetent cover-up that basically
James Comey was getting this close to
uncovering the collusion between the
Trump campaign and the Russians okay
that is theory number two that is backed
up by a piece today in the New York
Times that suggests that just days
before he was fired Comey asked for more
money in the Russia investigation this
is according to the New York Times they
say mr. Comey asked for the resources
during meeting last week with rod Rosen
seeing the Deputy Attorney General who
wrote the goj memo that was used to
justify the firing of the FBI director
combing them briefed members of Congress
on the meeting in recent days okay
there's a bunch of Democrats who are
pushing this narrative that it was an
incompetent cover-up basically and
here's Elizabeth Warren pushing that
narrative Comey was not fired because of
Hillary Comey was fired because of the
Russians okay so that is the idea that
the Democrats are pushing and again that
is backed up by a certain amount of
evidence number one Trump tweeting on
and ending the investigation as I
mentioned a moment ago the Russia Trump
collusion stories a total hoax when will
this taxpayer-funded charade end it's
also backed up to a certain extent by
the idea that Sean Spicer still doesn't
have that the administration still has
no real explanation for why exactly they
didn't fire Mike Flynn the the national
security adviser under Trump for 18 days
after they were informed that he was in
in basically in the pay of the Russians
at a certain point in time so all of
this was was not looking good for the
Trump administration then the Trump
administration makes it look even worse
by some of the worst PR I have ever seen
under any circumstances Kellyanne Conway
goes on TV and says the words you never
want to say if people are accusing you
of engaging in a cover-up she says this
I mean
burr has said it raises serious concerns
a Republican who's head of the Senate
Intelligence Committee
investigation is concerned about the
timing of all of this so the same
senators that just voted to confirm this
man whose integrity is not in doubt
ninety four to six two short weeks ago
we're supposed to believe
I think the derogatory descriptions you
just made of him that's not fair and it
was Senator Schumer who said about mr.
Boozman Steen on the Senate floor and
April excursion tonight quote he has
raised concerns in saying essentially
this is a cover-up today well he's wrong
it's not a cover-up in fact the
president makes very clear in his letter
the fact that mr. Comey on at least
three occasions assured the president
that he is not under investigation when
you say that it's not a cover-up I just
fired the guy who was leading the
investigation again they're just it's
Nick Sounion it's Nick Sounion right I'm
in flashback and I want to say this to
the television audience I made my
mistakes but in all of my years of
public life I have never profited never
profited from public service I've earned
every cent and in all of my years of
public life I have never obstructed
justice and I think to that I could say
that in my ears the public life that I
welcome this kind of examination because
people have got to know whether or not
their presidents a crook well I'm not a
crook whenever somebody says this is not
a cover-up I'm not a crook it never
looks good on TV and the Trump
administration is doing itself no favors
through all of this now do I buy this
theory do I buy this theory explain in a
second why I don't buy this theory but
again I don't know this is the biggest
problem with the Trump administration
Trump wants things done and no one says
to him no and then he trots out
surrogates who kiss his ass on national
television instead of giving good
rationales for him doing what he's doing
so Sarah Huckabee Sanders goes on
national TV on Tucker Carlson last night
and what does she say about the Trump
Russia investigation everybody is
clamoring this is a cover-up because of
the Trump Russia stuff what does she say
she says well let's kill the Trump
Russia investigation my gosh Tucker when
are they going to let that go it's been
going on for nearly a year frankly it's
kind of getting absurd there's nothing
there we've heard that time and
again we heard it in the testimonies
earlier this week we've heard it for the
last 11 months there is no there there
it's time to move on and it's frankly
it's time to focus on the things that
the American people care about it's time
to move on from the Trump Russia
investigation if you're trying to show
that you didn't fire a call me to kill
the Trump Russia investigation it is not
smart to send your surrogate on TV to
say that you want the trumpet Trump Rush
investigation to die and it's not smart
to tweet the day before you fire the guy
they want the Trump Russian
investigation to die it's just it's just
stupid okay like if you want Trump to
succeed he needs to not do stupid now
he's doing stupid things he's doing
stupid things right I mean this is a
stupid thing and it's allowing the left
to run wild over this entire thing that
Chris Matthews is going crazy over on
MSNBC saying it's a little whiff of
fascism given the morning coming are
they showing say this stuff what we saw
tonight is the rule of law does not
matter it's the rule of political power
you know we hear President Trump say
America first tonight President Trump
put himself first he got a whiff of
fascism tonight I think it's fair to say
with a little whiff of I don't care
about the law on the boss okay and this
is the this is the line that the
Democrats are going to take all the way
through Chuck Schumer taking this line
today also why did it happen because
it's a cover-up we need a special
investigator now now now this is their
routine now why did it happen today we
know the house is investigating Russian
interference in our elections that
benefited the Trump campaign were these
investigations getting too close to home
for the president it is troubling that
attorney general sessions who had
recused himself from the Russian
investigation played a role in firing
the man leading it okay so this is the
routine the Democrats are going to play
all the way down the line so you've got
theory number one and you make up your
mind on this there's theory number one
the Trump fired him for simple
incompetence and the timing was all
coinkidink okay then there's Theory
number two which is the Trump fired call
me to stop the Trump Russia
investigation even though there's no
evidence from the Trump Russia
investigation that anything is going on
and then there is theory number three
and this is my theory and you tell me if
you think this theory is correct or
whether this theory is incorrect but
here is my theory as to why Trump fired
him but for that you're gonna have to
subscribe
so go over to daily wire comm right now
for $8 a month you can become a
subscriber to the daily wire comm or
even get your annual subscription which
will buy you also a free copy of the
Arroyo fictional film set on our
southern border about a rancher
attempting to defend his land from the
drug cartels great action western by our
land jeremy boring and you can get that
right now and go over to daily wire comm
you can also watch the rest of the show
live be part of the mailbag tomorrow and
there are lots of other goodies coming I
promise
plus if you just want to listen later go
over to iTunes or SoundCloud you can
listen to us live subscribe and leave a
review we always appreciate it we are
the largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
