no one has tribe alized America quite
like Barack Obama in the years of my
life the idea that that Barack Obama is
some sort of Halcyon of uniting rhetoric
is absolute turd it's not true
whatsoever and then he said somewhere in
here that Congress he hoped would have
the courage not to do what's politically
expedient but to do deep in our heart
what we know is right he said Congress
people should quote recognize it takes
little courage to aid those who are
already powerful already comfortable
already influential it takes some
courage to champion the vulnerable and
the second the enfermo access to the
corridors of power this is such crap
every demagogue in history has said this
ok the idea that it takes courage to
champion of the little guy
it takes no courage to champion the
little guy it also takes no courage to
champion the big guy you noted takes
courage to do to tell the truth to both
the little guy and to the big guy the
idea that it takes courage to sit around
talking about how the poor have it rough
that does not take courage you know it
takes courage telling people stuff they
don't want to hear Kevin Williamson
wrote a great column over at National
Review over the weekend about how
there's an entire mentality that exists
in parts of the country or people feel
that they are passive observers in their
own life and not responsible for any of
the things that they do in their own
life so you know they are evicted it's
not that they did stuff to leave them to
being evicted they are evicted or they
have a bad job ok they don't have a bad
job they got a bad job because they
didn't do make good decisions about
their education in many cases this idea
that everybody is a victim ok this is
something that is promulgated in
politics the idea that it takes courage
to promulgate a victim narrative about
how some people in America are screwing
other people in America that is not
courage courage is doing what Ted Cruz
did in Iowa during the last election
cycle and campaigning for the presidency
in Iowa the first state by saying I'm
not going to give you subsidies because
ethanol is a boondoggle that's political
courage a political courage is actually
Donald from saying to members of the
black community guys the problem here
ain't the police the problem here is the
gangs ok that takes political courage it
takes political courage to say things
that are not popular and it is always
popular to say oh look at the poor guy
the poor guys getting screwed that's
always the easy thing to say for Obama
to pretend otherwise to pretend like oh
he has serious courage for saying that
poor people ought to have health care of
course poor people ought to have health
care everybody ought to have health care
in a free market system that's the only
way that poor people are ever gonna be
able to afford good health care
everybody not ought to have health care
everybody ought to be able to have
health care that they can afford and
work for and don't demand at the point
of gun from somebody else freedom still
matters and quality of health care still
matters basically all that
redistribution ISM does is it freezes
time and redistributes resources
that's all research redistribution ISM
does socialism freezes what you have
right now and redistributes it and then
it starts to fade ok that's what happens
in medicine to socialism just freezes
things and then redistributes them free
markets grow things ok that's why it's
it's harsher and it's a harder world in
capitalism than it is in socialism but
only in the short term it's certainly
not in the long term which is why we
live better now than we did twenty years
ago and socialist countries live worse
now than they did 30 years ago
