there was a lot of talk over the weekend
about how the Trump administration is
fared during its first hundred days but
now let's take a look at what Democrats
have achieved over that same period
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has
steadfastly refused to negotiate or
compromise with the administration in
any way in a bold statement of principle
Schumer told reporters quote I won't i
won't i won't no no no you can't make me
you're not the boss of me i won't i
won't i won't unquote schumer then lay
down on his stomach and pounded his
fists against the floor while drumming
his feet and saying he didn't want to go
to bed and it wasn't fair because the
republicans got to stay up late and
watch all the good television shows
schumer finally calmed down when george
soros gave him a big fuzzy check which
he rubbed against his face with one hand
while sucking the thumb of the other
he's been napping quietly ever since on
the house side Minority Leader Nancy
Pelosi has had a very productive hundred
days in a speech she made to a potted
plant while applying lipstick to her
forehead Pelosi said quote President
Obama or President Trump whichever one
is the one I'm not supposed to like has
done many stupid things like trying to
create jobs when everyone knows that
unemployment is the greatest driver of
the economy in Peru or whatever country
this happens to be that's why we have to
pass a bill to find out what's in it or
vice versa
depending on who's in office what was I
saying Who am I unquote
mrs. Pelosi then swiveled on her heel
and strode proudly away until she
smacked into the wall stumbled backwards
tripped over a chair slid across the
floor into the hall and went
bumpity-bump down the stairs on her
backside until she flew out the front
door at that point she remarked quote
boy that hasn't happened to me since
Thursday unless this is Thursday unquote
Hillary Clinton spent the last 100 days
making important policy speeches
submitting a budget to Congress and
ordering military intervention in Libya
until friends explained to her once
again that she had in fact lost the
election whereupon she began to whimper
quietly and was gently escorted back to
bed and of course former President Barak
what's-his-name spent the first hundred
days of the Trump administration
yachting with billionaire friends and
collecting exorbitant speaking fees to
address Wall Street bankers former
President Obama was overheard telling
anyone who would listen quote I do think
at a certain point you've made enough
money but damn sure I can figure out
when that is personally for me I'm
thinking it'll be about the time I can
ski down the mountain of gold coins $100
bills like Scrooge McDuck while shouting
I care about the poor ha ha ha ha ha
unquote so all in all it hasn't been a
great hundred days for the Democrats but
then think how much worse it would be if
they actually were in power
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
hooray the Clavin this weekend is over
and you know what that means it means
the president of all trolls Michael
Knowles our cultural correspondent has
been helicoptered here from his Fox and
Friends hit that was you know I mean
he's descended to being on our show
again and he will be talking with us
about the culture you know when you see
you know people like Knowles and the
other people who are on the show I know
what you're thinking you're thinking why
doesn't he use zip recruiter comm you
know Shirley Shirley just standing out
on the street saying want to do a radio
show is not the way to bring people into
your staff with zip recruiter if you
want the perfect hire see what you got
to do is you got to post your job on all
the top job sites and now you can with
zip recruiter comm you can post your job
to 200 plus job sites including social
media networks like Facebook and Twitter
all with a single click you can find
candidates in any city any industry
nationwide you just post once and watch
your qualified candidates roll into zip
recruiters easy to use interface I
almost burst into tears when I read this
when I think of the people I could have
had working here if I had only used zip
recruiter com it's been used by Fortune
hundred companies and thousands of small
and medium-sized businesses and right
now the people who are painfully
listening to this show they can post
jobs on zip recruiter for free it's free
I mean they're giving it away you just
go there you press it recruiter comm
slash Daily wire all one word altogether
that's zip recruiter com
slash daily wire one more time to try it
for free go to zip recruiter dot-com
slash daily wire don't let this happen
to you
all right you know over the weekend
Donald Trump defended the Second
Amendment stood in front of the NRA who
are justifiably thrilled right with what
he has done with by appointing corsets
to the Supreme Court and Jeff Sessions
as Attorney General he made he made fun
of the press well that's what we're
gonna got to talk about what he did to
the press he appointed a pro-life
advocate to a top communications post at
Health and Human Services
and he announced they're gonna get rid
of Michelle Obama's idiotic school lunch
net so it's like a good it was actually
a pretty good lets weekend you know if
if Donald Trump had done nothing else in
his first hundred days but expose the
news media for what it is for the fact
that they are a bunch of they are a
Democrat Pravda you know that they are
just a one-party one-party operatives
with press cards it would be it would be
worth it it would be worth it you know I
mean will the jury is out on legislation
on healthcare and tax reform may pull it
off I think he might we don't know how
good it'll be when it comes but you know
just this thing he has done to this
dishonest press the White House
Correspondents had their big dinner and
he didn't show up Trump didn't show up
which is what they do every year and so
you know usually the president shows up
and he makes fun of them and they make
fun of him except if it's Obama they
really don't make fun of him and Obama
you know kind of is is coddles them
whereas if it's george w bush or donald
trump they rip him to pieces they were
trump said screw it show up so just to
compare just so we can compare for a
minute yet here is trump on number five
here's trump at his enormous rally in
Pennsylvania where he was celebrating
his first hundred days here's him
talking about the media media outlets
like CNN and MSNBC are fake news fake
news
and they're sitting and they're wishing
in Washington they're watching right now
they're watching and they would love to
be with us right here tonight but
they're trapped at the dinner which will
be very very boring but next year maybe
we'll make it more exciting for them in
Washington who will show up but we have
a good chance of showing up here again
next year too so he's having fun the
people having fun meanwhile meanwhile
the press is in this dingy little room
being broadcast on c-span
we've got this comedian Hasan Minhaj
right and I guess that's to show how how
tolerant we are of Muslims unfortunately
they didn't tell them about the quranic'
rule that you can't be funny because a
completely laugh free performance here's
just a clip
we gotta address the elephant that's not
in the room
the leader of our country is not here
and that's because he lives in Moscow it
is a very long flight it'd be hard for
glad to make it plant can't just make it
on a Saturday it's a Saturday as for the
other guy I think is in Pennsylvania
because he can't take a joke now for the
nine people watching on c-span there
also was another elephant in the room
but Donald Trump jr. shot and cut off
its tail guy I mean it really Samantha
bee did her alternative White House
Correspondents Dinner and that was she
is like completely unfunny also she's
from Canada why are all these layton
there's a British guy on late-night TV
all all of them come here and criticize
our president you know it's like go away
go home and we don't need you anyway she
was unfunny Trump was hilarious Trump
was having a great time my favorite part
of the media White House news so now the
media is been completely marginalized
now I'm not gonna say I've just decided
by the way just as a as a production
note I'm no longer using media as a
plural anymore I've always been really
careful to always say the media are and
all this stuff but I realized that the
media has now become a collective noun
like parliament or Congress right and in
the British would say even when they use
a collective noun they say Parliament
are sitting because I think they'd
really just do it to mess with us but
that's that that is the way what we use
single verbs for collective noun so I'm
just gonna see the media is from now on
and if I you know I'm just sick of it
I'm sick now I didn't do a really good
conservative fonts anyway so what I love
is the media is now the poor little
victims right because they're all
leftist and leftist have to be victims
so the president of the White House
correspondent Association Jeff Mason
gets up and he he wants to say that
we're not what that mean Trump says we
are okay this is cup three we are not
fake news
we are not failing news organizations
and we are not the enemy of the American
people well I'm not a crook I've earned
everything I've got Wow it's almost like
the press has turned into Richard Nixon
its Richard Nixon used to cover up now
the press covers opportunites and light
now it's the press of light you know
it's amazing the way they just eat just
transformed right in front of our face I
think the lesson from Richard Nixon is
when you got to tell people that you're
not a liar you might be a liar
I mean these guys are not in a bubble
and I know I've said this before but it
is worth repeating the chief journalist
at ABC is George snuffleupagus the guy
from suckle up against the guy from who
told Hillary Clinton I love you Hillary
this is a Clinton operative right the
president of CBS News is David Rhodes
brother of Ben Rhodes from the Obama
administration Comcast which owns NBC is
run by a major Democratic donor so is
CBS time so it's Time Warner which on
CNN I mean these guys if these guys
aren't in a bubble it's the pundit one
of my favorite sites Glenn Reynolds
published today republish today an
article from October 2016 okay October
2016 is less than a month away from the
last election right am i right about yes
here's the article Hillary Clinton is so
far ahead of Donald Trump in the race
for the presidency that she no longer
even feels the need to pay attention to
the Republican nominee buoyed by a
double-digit lead in some national polls
mrs. Clinton has said she is now looking
past mr. Trump entirely no current
counter allegations by her arrival I
don't even think about responding to him
anymore mrs. Clinton said when asked
about mr. Trump's charge that American
media outlets are in cahoots with her
presidential campaign I don't even think
about it anymore I'm so far ahead I read
it in the newspaper these guys are
living in a complete bubble so now they
have to be the sad little victims and
our First Amendment rights are terribly
terribly under attack here is the other
part of Mason's spiel basically where he
gets up and says oh you know we're here
to defend this embattled press an attack
on any of us is an attack on all of us
at previous dinners we have rightly
talked about the threats to press
freedoms abroad tonight we must
recognize that there are threats to
press freedoms here in the United States
we must remain vigilant the world is
watching what threats what I mean be
specific what threats that Trump calls
you a liar when you lie what threats
this is the fantasy world of the left
and this is it's it is it's huge it's
huge the fantasy world they are living
in a complete fantasy
here I got to give a hot tip the Jazz
Shah hot air whose great and hot air is
great ins Josh Shaw's terrific but he
pointed this out Reince Priebus goes on
that Jonathan Karl show on ABC and
they're gonna bring on Ann Coulter later
to talk about free speech and Carl says
what you know in keeping with this let's
talk about the terrible threats from
Donald Trump to free speech here's
White's premiums of course there's a big
controversy at Berkeley over freedom of
speech I won't ask you about two things
the president has said on a related
issues first of all there was what he
said about opening up the libel laws
tweeting the failing New York Times has
disgraced the media world got me wrong
for two solid years change the libel
laws that would require as I understand
it a constitutional amendment is he
really going to pursue that is that
something he wants to pursue I think
it's something that we've looked at and
how that gets executed or whether that
goes anywhere it's a different story but
when you have articles out there that
have no basis or fact and we're sitting
here on 24/7 cable companies writing
stories about constant contacts with
Russia and all these other matters that
you think the president should be able
sue the air attack stories I think I
think that I think that newspapers and
news agencies need to be more
responsible with how they report the
news okay okay now here is Talking
Points Memo the left wings like Josh
Marshall Priebus Trump
considering amending or abolishing First
Amendment that's the headline Trump is
considering a first first of all it was
Jonathan Karl who said that we would
have to change the First Amendment to
pass a law you never have to change any
amendment to pass a law you can pass a
law saying the president can sue the New
York Times for libel and the Supreme
Court can say no that's not in keeping
with the First Amendment that would that
be how that works okay so you amend in
the First Amendment no one was ever
talking about that except Jonathan Karl
because Jonathan Karl is living in the
fantasy of the press okay so then then
you go on with this and he says Karl
says accurately that that kind of clamp
down on First Amendment rights would
require amending the Constitution it's
not accurate okay and one might respond
to the saying okay technically that's
what he said but he probably actually
didn't mean it you know I mean this is
the great threat that they're under that
the Donald Trump has basically accused
them of being Democrat the Democrat
Pravda when they are this is the
terrible terrible threat but but they
there's a really interesting piece in
the Chicago Tribune I'm gonna have to
say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
which means you're going to miss the
president of all trolls this is not just
any troll that we're bringing you
Michael Knowles has been elected by all
the little trolls with their hair come
Anthea I'll get the other so we elected
to pay the president for all that
Charles and he's going to be with us on
The Daily wire calm if you come to the
site you can see it all and especially
if you subscribe which you should
which is painted
