several airlines are re-examining their
practices after a recent incident on a
United Airlines jet United Airlines over
booked the flight and offered $1,000 to
any passenger who would give up his
ticket when no one did the airline
randomly selected a passenger and had to
police drag him from the plane smashing
his face into the armrest as they went
the passenger was then taken out on the
tarmac and shot to death and his head
was later stuck on a pike and set
outside the United check-in desk with a
sign that read next time take the
thousand dollars United CEO Oscar desaad
later issued a statement defending the
airlines actions saying that beating and
killing passengers was a much cheaper
form of in-flight entertainment than
those annoying little TVs in the backs
of the seats it's nearly a possible to
your movie dialogue over the jet engines
desaad said whereas nothing says
entertainment like watching your
passengers body bounce around in the
aisle as he's being dragged away in
handcuffs
desaad later apologized for a statement
saying quote I was just kidding and if
you don't think it's funny
our flight intent attendants will be
happy to kick the crap out of you no I'm
kidding and if you can't take a joke we
may have to shove a bag of tasteless
pretzels down your throat no I'm kidding
unquote unwilling to let United out do
them in the public relations department
American Airlines soon entered the
competition for best customer service a
recent video I'm not making this up a
recent video taken by a passenger shows
an American flight attendant ripping a
stroller out of the hands of a sobbing
mother who is holding two children
witnesses say the flight attendant hit
the mother with the stroller as he was
grabbing it and narrowly missed hitting
one of the babies when a male passenger
tried to defend the mother the flight
attendant offered to fight him American
says the flight attendants behavior as
part of a new service the airline is
providing to cut down on the number of
annoying babies on flights American says
the babies tend to cry and irritate the
other passengers and the airline feels
that by brutalizing the children's
mothers
they'll send a message to babies to stay
away if they know what's good for them
the airline's statement said and this is
a real quote the actions of our team
member do not appear to reflect patience
or empathy unquote it's not clear
whether the lack of patience and empathy
refers to the part where the attendant
clocked the sobbing mom with a stroller
as she tearfully begged him to give the
stroller back or when he later served a
passenger a boxed lunch containing a
sponge cake that tasted like a bunch of
lint held together with paste in the
aftermath of these two incidents
American into night discussing whether
to merge their companies into one
enormous collection of empty planes that
no one ever flies on again
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
