ESPN has fired a huge number of its
people the sports channels audience
reacted by turning off his television
and discussed reports say the firings
include over a hundred on-air
personalities dozens of
behind-the-scenes staff and several
people who just happened to be walking
by the studio ESPN will also be changing
its slogan from the worldwide leader in
sports to offices for rent plus
memorabilia cheap the firings come after
many viewers complain that the sports
channel had become overly political and
left-wing for some reason the audience
didn't seem to enjoy having their
political opinions denigrated by a group
of men who never managed to do anything
more with their lives than comment on
other people's sporting achievements but
ESPN president skip dunderhead said
politics had nothing to do with the drop
in audience he told reporters quote I'm
sure our viewers love to have us explain
to them how ignorant and racist they are
I'm sure they wouldn't want us to just
give them the game scores and then shut
the hell up that wouldn't make any sense
unquote ESPN ESPN commentator Jackie
clueless host of the weekly show
basketball roundup Donald Trump stinks
says he can't understand why his
audience plummeted to 17 people after
the episode entitled LeBron James
discusses how much I think Donald Trump
stinks
Jackie issued a statement saying quote
it has been a deep honor to serve the
audience of ESPN by telling them what a
crappy president they elected because
there's such a bunch of ill-educated
slobs if I've brought even a little joy
into the lives of the fascist Trump's
Trump sucking scum who used to watch
this channel I feel my time here has
been well spent
unquote another ESPN show host chip
hateful says he was totally taken aback
by his firing and by the cancellation of
his football show hey football players
stopped praying there is no God in a
farewell statement at the end of the
final episode chip said quote I know
many of you appreciated what a valuable
service I provided by debunking your
deeply held faith with the light of my
superior wisdom I'm sure it was obvious
to you that a man who can recite the
entire roster of the 1957 Cleveland
Browns should be your go-to guide on the
big theological questions every week I
try to bring you at least one more
example of how praying doesn't change
anything after all if there really were
than he would have given me talent and
athleticism instead of making me a five
foot seven nebbish who never got picked
for the team in school unless the
teacher said everyone had to play
unquote I know we here at the Andrew
Clavin show will sorely miss having our
beliefs ridiculed by the ESPN lineup and
we can only say to all those who are
fired we're sorry to see you go and stay
out trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin
and this is the
I'm falling asleep here I just got off a
plane from Cleveland Ohio I was speaking
at Oberlin College the heart of liberal
darkness and how just I came literally I
came from the plane and I had to wake up
at 4:00 in the morning got on the plane
did the show prep on the plane and I'm
driving here so I'm eating on the air
I'll be eating little crackers and
luckily luckily though I do have
something something good to tell you
about movement watches now this is the
is called movement but it's in the MT
they just left out the letters but they
may turn up in the wash I'm not sure MVM
T movement watches this is created by
two guys who are just like me with they
wanted they liked fine watches I love
fine watches I love fine timepieces but
something in me and you know this
thing's I'm not cheap about but
something in me just does not want to
plunk down a million bucks for a fancy
watch so movement watches they created
they realized that online they could
bring down their prices that sell
fashionable beautiful watches that
really work well and they have already
so they've only just gotten started then
they've already sold over a million
watches to customers in a hundred and
sixty plus countries around the world go
on their website really check it out
movement watches calm and you'll see
it's easy to use the watches start at a
ninety five bucks I mean that I have one
they're beautiful they're really nice to
look at they at a department store this
stuff would cost you four hundred to
five hundred dollars and these start at
ninety five bucks they they have you
know really nice classic smooth designs
a little bit like maybe move auto or
something like that over a million
watches sold in over one hundred and
sixty copies and you can get 15% off
today with free shipping and free
returns by going to MVM t watches
dot-com slash Andrew put in my name so
they know we sent you and they will
continue to advertise with us and we'll
continue to be here this watch has a
really clean design it's been getting
compliments ever since I put it on
everywhere I go my wife loves it it's
really great now is the time to step up
your watch game at M V MT watches
dot-com / Andrew for 15% off today join
the
all right I have got to talk about this
Oberlin experience I really do I mean
cuz Shapiro does this all the time and
the reason I don't do it I get a lot of
offers to speak but I'm so absent-minded
that they come in and I'm writing all
the time and I just don't answer them
you know so the other day this is true I
said to Shapiro what do I do about this
cuz you're always talking I feel like I
owe it to people to kind of go out and
he said you know we have this lady here
who runs basically runs the daily work
Candace breca she bet you know basically
we would all just sink into the sea
without Kansas you know she's Troy so I
he said you know ask Kansas and she will
take care of your speaking engagements
so this was the first one I got to her
and it went you know I went off to
Overland not even thinking seriously not
even thinking there would be any trouble
because I'm such a lovely person who
would it bother me you know like so you
know now this is nothing obviously
there's nothing like what's happening at
Berkeley the situation of Berkeley is
getting worse and worse and Coulter had
to cancel her show because they were
threatening violence in the police the
campus police and this is really
shameful the campus police would said
they just wouldn't do anything about it
unless a life was in danger they were
just not gonna stop these riders these
thugs this mob from shutting down free
speech an had been invited and finally
yif the young American Foundation we
love him but they just felt that the
safety of people was more important than
backing hands play and was gonna show up
anywhere they pulled out and Zhang Gris
about it but she left but now Gavin
MacLeod who has begun full alt-right
basically he had he runs this group
called the proud boys not a name I like
very proud boy when they call themselves
Western chauvinists okay Western
chauvinist so we won't parse that we'll
just take them at their word their
Western chauvinist they believe in the
West I believe in the West and they're
saying that they're gonna go with a
contingent of large you know Western
chauvinists I guess and they're gonna
face down the left wing Gavin there's
nobody called what I call on the cloud
sorry guys McGinnis that that's alright
yeah I'm not giving him I'm not giving
credit for leading this movement of
rioting all the right people
sorry Thank You Jay this is you know I
just got off the plane I'm trying to use
my words so Gavin's going out there and
he's gonna lead basically another one of
these charges from the alt-right and so
there's looking toward Y it forward to
violence with the oil with the alt left
and it's getting worse worse this was
nothing like that I mean this is a very
beautiful little College in the middle
of Ohio but a cloud a pall of political
correctness and left-wing ISM has
settled over this thing like the fog in
a horror movie okay so you meet I go
there and I'm hosted by the Overland
Republicans and liberty conservatives
and libertarians Club and these guys are
hilarious I mean they just have this
deadpan troll-like sense of yeah they're
like the new millennial trolls you know
they have this absolutely deadpan sense
of humor they just love to set people
off they put a you know they called it
the Donald Trump series of lectures yeah
I was like as like as Donald Trump ever
been to a lecture like this you get a
lecture but they just do it to make
people crazy because everybody else in
the colleges except these 15 or 20
people how many ever they are where
sobbing when Donald Trump won I mean
this entire college went nuts and so
they put up 300 posters of my adorable
face all over campus every single one
was torn down every one was torn down
yes and they said they would climb up on
chairs to put him so make him hard to
reach and people would go up and get him
they were defaced they were you know
people put you know lipstick drew drew
lipstick on them and marked them as
tremie as transphobic which kunu you
know it's like I'm a little afraid of
spiders but I already transfer and I
don't have anything about trans sexual
people and they were all torn down and
first I have to tell you have to mention
I just have to tell you this they took
me on a tour of the campus and the
campus has racially segregated housing
it has a place called a house the a is
for Africa it is where the black people
are housed I mean Martin Luther
King would weep okay I wanted to say to
these kids I mean to me these people
look like kids right I mean like I'm an
ancient figure at this point I'm the
Ancient Mariner at this point so like
I'm looking at today I just thought you
know in my generation people of all
colors walked unarmed into valances of
southern racist police holding weapons
on them and hoses and running attack
dogs on them to get rid of this crap and
you bring it back because you can't
associate you know one of the one of the
guys in the club was a black guy and he
said he had been banned from a house so
this is you know in every bathroom is
proudly you know all genders and every
bathroom gender-neutral or whatever so I
haven't been to the bathroom for three
days and like you know and and so there
it is this whole thing you just know
what you're dealing with in the and the
people using the room before me were in
training to make sure that everybody
could get an abortion you know make sure
that access to abortion was right so
those are the people who using the room
before me and and I came in and I didn't
I I seriously I was joking about a
little bit but I seriously wasn't
expecting anything there were no
protests or anything like that the
minute I came in I could see that there
were gonna be people who are not there
because they agreed with me which was
absolutely fine I was happy for that to
happen but there were people there who
were there to heckle me and there were
especially I don't know maybe - there
was definitely - there were maybe three
or four hecklers people who actually
shouted out while I was speaking but
there were two people there who were
really kind of trying to start trouble
like one was this woman who was would
constantly laugh out loud this big
hysterical laugh until one of the
audience members turn around told her to
shut up and the other guy was this guy
with some kind of I mean he was
obviously gay and had some kind of
gender thing going on he was weirdly
dressed and and he would just shout out
from time to time and you know I wanted
to say to him you know you think people
don't like you because you're gay but
they probably don't think it was you're
an ill-bred lout you know but you know I
didn't do that I I'm not you know I'm
not super oh I'm not out to be to attack
people I actually am out to talk to
people and try and convince people
our makeup lady Taylor painted a joke
that I'm what Shapiro would look like if
he ate a Snickers bar so I you know so
all I would do is I would say to them
repeatedly whenever they would stop you
know I hear you're angry and but I'm
here to talk to you you know and I'm
gonna give this speech and then
afterwards I will answer any question
you have I will debate you I'll talk to
you any length you want and here's the
interesting thing
okay there were a lot of lovely
left-wing kids students in this place
who waited their turn listen to what I
have to say and then got up and ask me
questions they asked me questions at the
Q&A they stood after the show and they
lined up and asked me questions you know
face to face they were absolutely you
know well-mannered charming intelligent
young people all the hecklers the minute
I stopped talking ran for the door they
all ran out not one of them had the guts
not one of them had the guts to stay and
ask a question and engage in actual
debate and a couple of thoughts come to
me one is I seriously believe that some
of these people who do this stuff are
mentally ill I'm not gonna say anything
about all transgender people I know of
transgender people who seem to live
pretty well regulated lives but this is
a painful situation to be in and it's a
mental it's a psychiatric situation it's
not a political situation your problem
your misery your unhappiness if you're
transgender is not being caused it may
be exacerbated if people are bullying
and mean to you but it's not being
caused by a world of prejudice against
transgender people it's being caused by
stress inside yourself and for the
administration of a school and the
adults in the school and people who
should know better in a school to teach
these kids that their problem is
political rather than personal is an act
of Cruelty I know they think they're
being kind by saying oh you're beautiful
you're perfect just the way they are
just the way you are it's just the world
that's prejudiced against you but think
about it for a minute they know they
have a struggle inside themselves they
know that that's not going to go away
you teach them that all they need to do
is make every single person in the world
nice to them and everything will be fine
nothing will ever be fine for them
because no one ever gets that none of us
get that right I mean I wake up every
day and people are screaming at me and
saying nasty things about me you know
that this is the way the world is people
there's no guarantee that people will
like you and if you teach people that
they're never going to be happy until
the world likes them and they start to
turn out outward for a fix when they
need to turn inward for a fix that's an
act of cruelty and let me tell you
something else that's an act of Cruelty
I just want to talk about the good
because I don't want to talk about the
kids I don't want to run down these
young people it's an act of cruelty to
envelop these young people in propaganda
and especially I wanted to the
conservative kids about this and I said
what do you do because you know a lot of
them they're very bright and a lot of
won't want to go on to be lawyers and
doctors and they're so they're really in
if they're undergrads they're really
looking forward to going into a graduate
school so they need good grades I said
what do you do with these people who
these professors who give you bad grades
when you disagree with them and a lot of
them said well we keep our heads down we
echo back what they told us and you know
we just get our grade and we go home
because otherwise they'll fail us now
think about that for a minute you know a
man is what he says to a lot of to a
large degree and I'm not I you know I've
been a I've been a loudmouth all my life
I mean I went to school and I never took
anything from anybody even in high
school I never I would never have echoed
back somebody's point of view and I got
bad grades a lot of times because of it
I got all kinds of the I got into all
kinds of trouble but but what it what a
horrible mean nasty low dishonest thing
it is to do to a young American person a
young person who should be free to force
him to echo back your political opinion
or fail think about it think about it
what's that that's like let's say like
living in under tyranny you know that's
like living in the Soviet Union where
you have to have this inner life that is
telling you the truth because you don't
want to lose yourself completely while
your outer life is continually a mask I
got to stop here and say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but come over to
the daily wire.com you missed
having your questions in the mailbag
yesterday but you could have had you
subscribe for just a lousy eight bucks a
month and do it what are we giving away
we're giving away the Arroyo come on you
can have the DPD of Arroyo if you
subscribe for a year and you can ask
questions in the mailbag and you get
your pro2
