on Saturday left us around the nation
took to the streets to sound off about
their new religion science no not
testable hypotheses and well-constructed
experiments science you know like gay
rights and abortion and global
redistribution ISM and dying polar bears
and stuff leading the charge was eminent
scientific revolutionary Bill Nye the
Science Guy a mechanical engineering
degree holder who got famous as a
children's television presenter and I
was a keynote er at the March for
science where he said quote we are
marching today to remind people
everywhere our lawmakers especially of
the significance of science for our
health and prosperity
what sort of science was nice standing
up to defend budget increases for the
EPA and the National Institutes of
Health of course he explained how all of
this was scientific and not political he
said somewhere along the way there has
developed this idea that if you believe
something hard enough it's as true as
things discovered through the process of
science and I will say that's
objectively wrong belief isn't science
this is a good point unfortunately
neither then followed up his widely
praised appearance at the March for
science by unleashing a video that
destroyed the internet from his news
show Bill Nye saves the world he trotted
out crazy ex-girlfriend actress Rachel
bloom to sing a very special song those
are nice words she warble then here's
the dramatic read my vagina has its own
voice not vocal chords a metaphorical
voice sometimes I do a voice for my
vagina cuz my sex junk is so much more
than either or-or-or power bottom or
power top versatile love may have some
but stuff it's evolution ain't nothing
new there's nothing taboo about a sexist
- this is real this happened if they're
alive I'll datum Channing or Jenna Tatum
I'm down for anything don't box in my
box science
if these all seems rather unscientific
to you if you wonder why I talked to him
for China with obvious self control
problems is being trotted out by the
self-proclaimed science guy you're not
alone you're rational you might even be
using some scientific thinking but this
is demonstrative of the left's take on
science science is actually just the
name for anything left likes worried
about the humanity of an unborn child
concerned that fetuses have their own
blood types in their own DNA stop it
you're quoting science not science
wondering how it is that a genetic male
is actually a woman you're worrying
about science not science this is the
dirty little secret of the left sudden
embrace of science it's not science that
they support but religion they support
that which they believe but cannot prove
and do not care about proving Bill Nye
isn't interested in a scientific debate
about
alarming how much is occurring the
measurement techniques at issue the
sensitivity of the climate to carbon
emissions the range of factors that
affect the climate he wants you to
accept his version of the truth not just
the global warming is happening but that
massive government intervention is
necessary in order to avert imminent
global catastrophe such government
solutions aren't verifiably scientific
they're speculative but that speculation
has costs particularly to the most
impoverished people on the planet who
benefit disproportionately from cheap of
carbon-based fuels even if you accept
the UN Intergovernmental Panel on
Climate Change estimate that sea levels
will rise by 2 feet over the course of
the rest of the century and the
temperature will rise about 7 degrees
Fahrenheit there is reason to question
as Orin Cass points out whether or not
massive government intervention is
necessary or even justifiable but the
left refuses to acknowledge such
questions it makes you a denier to
disagree with the left's conclusions
just as it makes you a cruel person to
wonder whether gun control will actually
lower the American murder rate science
in other words is just a baton for the
left a decade ago
the left declared President Bush anti
science for his restrictions on the use
of new federally funded fetal stem cell
lines they claimed that Bush hated
science that fetal stem cells were the
wave of the future that Bush was a moral
Ayatollah in the words of Senator Tom
Harkin Democrats ran on the promise that
if Bush were thrown out of office in
2004 they'd make Christopher Reeve walk
again using fetal stem cells but it
turned out fetal stem cells were
unnecessary to scientific research
scientists came up with an embryo free
process to produce genetically matched
stem cells as Charles Krauthammer no
religious fundamentalist and the guy who
by the way is paralyzed wrote at the
time rarely has a president so vilified
from moral stance than so thoroughly
vindicated why precisely because he took
a moral stance in other words bush
didn't rely on science to give him his
values nor should he have science is not
capable of making value-laden decisions
there are plenty of ob/gyns who know
better than the most pro-life
conservative just how complex life is in
the womb yet they will perform abortions
science has not dictated their behavior
the Nazis were famously Pro science
declaring that science itself mandated
the killing of the unfit for the
strengthening of the race their racism
was supposedly scientific that's why the
march for science is such foolishness
if the March were simply focused on
advocacy for increased EPA funding that
would be political not scientific if the
marchers were demanding more funding for
the NIH - that's who would be political
but with a stronger scientific component
but the march for science was actually a
march for science the leftist religion
and that
religion isn't interested in science in
the slightest it's simplistic and
simple-minded virtue signaling i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
okay i'm much more to say about science
and will also give you the update on
what's going on with Ann Coulter at
Berkeley we'll give you the update on
the health care negotiations a lot going
on in the news but first I want to say
thank you to our sponsors over at
blinds.com so if you're one of these
people who has a set of beat-up blinds
that was left to you by the person who
bequeathed you your apartment or your
house and you want to replace those
blinds with something really really nice
blinds.com is the place to go they are
cheaper they are better they make it
really easy for you so if you're not
sure what you want you go to blinds.com
you get a free online design
consultation you send them pictures of
your house they send back custom
recommendations from a professional for
what will work with your color scheme
and your furniture and specific rooms
they'll even send you free samples to
make sure that everything that you see
online looks just like it does in real
life and if you miss measure or pick the
wrong color then blinds.com will remake
your blinds for free so if it's your
screw up they will still remake your
blinds for free right now if you go to
blinds.com promo code Ben you get 20%
off everything and they have blinds that
are really top-notch we're not talking
about these cheap plastic blinds that
you get at the local A&P we're talking
about blinds that you know are
high-quality we're talking wood we're
talking and they have tons of options
I've looked at them I've used them
myself blinds calm you get 20% off
everything when you use that promo code
Ben they have faux wood blinds and
cellular shades and roller shades and
more again blinds.com promo code Ben for
20% off everything blind SATCOM promo
code Ben can't recommend them highly
enough they are a terrific company and
they do terrific work again there's no
risk if you screw it up you don't like
what you got you can always send it back
so that is the the wonderful thing about
blinds I come they'll replace it if you
screw up the measurements and they'll
help you through the process all the way
through ok so the democrats continue to
harp about science and their new
favorite science people are obviously
they will have Caitlyn Jenner because
Caitlyn Jenner is in a Caitlyn Jenner is
in is an emissary for science which is
silly but the other person who's the
emissary for science is Bill Nye the
Science Guy which just demonstrates the
left which claims that it's just
terrible we have a celebrity president
the person that they are trotting out as
their lead spokesperson for science is a
guy with a mechanical engineering degree
from Cornell
right in
like 1979 that guy is the scientist who
they think is the expert on all things
scientific and that means that Bill Nye
is pushing his version of science what
is his version of science look like well
again he has this idiotic show on
Netflix called Bill Nye saves the world
and as I said yesterday spoiler alert he
doesn't here is a segment from that
horrible show in which he says that
three-year-olds should be able to choose
their own gender
by three or four most kids identify with
a gender and it doesn't always match the
sex they were assigned at birth and a
person's gender identity may change over
their lifetime and culture is getting us
new ways to express all of this how you
dress how you act
talk how you present yourself to the
world it should be up to you sure this
might make things confusing for those
who insist everyone pick an M or an F
people we have to listen to the science
and the science says we're all on a
spectrum
okay science does not say you're on a
spectrum of sex when they say gender see
this is what the Left likes to do and
it's really really stupid okay the left
says that gender is a social construct
and what they mean by that is femininity
and masculinity are social constructs
here's the truth about that there are
certain aspects of masculinity that are
certainly not a social construct higher
levels of testosterone average higher
levels of violence by males than females
that is not a social construct that is a
biological reality okay so that is not
an aspect of gender that's more an
aspect of sex the left likes to conflate
Sendero sexes and genders they separate
these two things they say sex is your
biology and then they say the gender is
a social construct that says you need to
be masculine or you need to be feminine
now not a lot of people that I know
actually care whether you act masculine
or whether you act feminine per se but
that's not choosing a gender okay that's
just whether you ask Matt act masculine
or feminine then what the left does is
they say your masculinity or femininity
we can now read back into your sex so in
other words if you are a feminine man
right if you're a man who is
biologically male and you act feminine
maybe you're a woman okay this is stupid
and a scientific there's no evidence for
it at all it is also evil to suggest
that a three year old and knows that
they're going to choose a gender that is
opposite of the one that they have okay
three year-olds don't know anything I
know because I have a three-year-old
three-year-olds do not know anything it
is your job as an adult to teach them
about things that are complex and make
the complex simple in ways that they can
understand and if when they hit 15
they're still having problems then we
can have a conversation about this but
this idea that three-year-olds are
capable of choosing their gender is
asinine anyone who has a three-year-old
will tell you this and it is cruel to a
three-year-old to say to the
three-year-old that you're willing to be
allowed to define your own essence of
the world and you're going to be allowed
to override your own biology a
three-year-old is not capable of doing
that and there is no science to support
this what he has is anecdotal evidence
saying that people who are 20 say when I
was three I felt like a girl in a boy's
body okay that is not scientific
evidence that there is a some brain test
we can run that determines you are
actually a girl in a boy's body there's
no scientific evidence to that effect
the idea that he is saying this is
purely anti scientific but again it's a
political agenda masquerading as science
I'm old enough to remember when Bill Nye
was on to my television explaining that
sex was a function of chromosomes and
that was actual science and now he's
saying sex is a function of what's ever
in your head and it can change over time
your gender can change over time and
again the left likes to play this this
word game where they say well what we
don't mean your sex can change over time
I mean your gender can change over time
and they say what do you mean by that
and they say what means you can be a
woman okay now you're talking about sex
again that's not the same thing if
you're gonna separate out the two terms
you have to be very specific and how you
use gender if you mean that there can be
a person who changes their behavior over
time bucking particular stereotypes
about feminine and masculine that I'm
sure is true because people do it every
day what is not true is that you can
change your sex and the left conflates
the two after separating them out they
like to pretend that everything that is
feminine is not linked to sex and then
they pretend that if you are masculine
as a girl that means that you must be
actually secretly a man or you can
choose to be a man which is just a
scientifically stupid three-year-olds
should not choose their own gender
parents who do this to their child are
doing something evil to their children
your goal in life is not to confuse your
children your goal in life is to
simplify things for your children again
three-year-olds are not capable of
making these types of decision and trend
damming a child to a lifetime of
suffering is just cruel the studies show
that eight in 10 kids who at any point
suffer from any sort of gender identity
issues grow out of that by the time they
hit their teenage years and what what he
is saying is that we should tell all
kids 100 out of 100 kids we should tell
them all they can pick their sex so now
you're telling a bunch of
three-year-olds more about nature dumb
that they can pick their sex
okay they can't and it is a lie and then
beyond that lie you're now confusing 103
year olds let's take it statistically
let's even pretend the Bill Nye was
right okay let's pretend that is
biologically decided that you're a boy
in a girl's body or some such nonsense
which is just not true and again there's
no scientific evidence to suggest that
you are a boy in a girl's body in fact
even the people who say the brain scans
show differences between transgender
people and people who are not
transgender
even though say that it is a transgender
brain but it does not mean that you have
a woman's brain in a man's body it just
means that you have differences from the
traditional male brain that even that is
really scant the evidence but that's the
furthest the good scientists will go and
to say anything different is just not
scientific but let's take this
statistically and assume that the left
is even correct
okay so the transgender suicide rate
over the course of a lifetime is 40
percent forty percent less than one
person per 100 is going to be
transgender in the United States it's
just it's very very rare okay and it's
getting more common now because it's
become kind of trendy and because if
you're a teenager and you want attention
then you can do it or if you have doubts
then we have decided that we're gonna
promulgate those doubts into reality so
even if you're not just trying to do it
for some nefarious reason if you have
doubts we're now trying to reinforce
those doubts as a society but let's use
the numbers out hand so like say one out
of a hundred kids is has gender identity
disorder or gender dysphoria okay now
you're talking about that kid having a
forty percent lifetime suicide rate
there's no evidence that that is
mitigated in any significant way
by society's acceptance of
transgenderism now you are saying that
let's say that there are 100 kids who
are told that they can pick their gender
and ten of those kids are now confused
right not even 110 of those kids are now
confused and let's say men normally
according to those statistics virtually
all of them would grow out of this
confusion virtually all of them will
grow out of this confusion but now
you're reinforcing the confusion so now
let's say those ten all say I'm the
other sex
so now you've taken a situation in which
one kid had a transgender identity issue
and has a forty percent lifetime suicide
rate and you're now extending that to
ten kids and let's even say that this
new process lowers that one kid's rate
of suicide attempt let's say that we sue
aside ality let's say that it lowers it
from forty percent to twenty percent
let's say it haves it okay now if you've
increased the number of people who are
engaging in this particular in this
particular problem by three if you have
confused three more
kids then you now have four kids let's
not even take the ten let's say you know
four out of a hundred have a 20% suicide
rate as opposed to one out of 100 who
has a 40% suicide rate
you've not improved things you've made
things worse in terms of people who are
suicidal for example okay this is just
to take the statistical case but again
there is no moral case for confusing
your child sex differences are important
reinforcing sex differences is important
because if you don't want your child to
suffer from tremendous cognitive
dissonance then the kid at least has to
know about the standard and then later
they can choose whether or not they want
to engage in the standard but the fact
is the standard is the standard and the
standard is not entirely constructed by
society it wasn't like every society in
the world came up with the idea that men
were going to be soldiers and women were
going to be mothers okay there's a lot
more to that than just society's
deciding things so this is all stupidity
but again it's not science it is
politics and Bill minds did another one
of these thing again this show is just
so awful I don't know how Netflix even
greenlit it except they're a bunch of
leftist Bill Nighy ran a segment about
sexuality of ice cream yes really
of course enlightened and
forward-thinking but not everyone sees
it this way but there are lots of
flavors to sexuality like why are we
here vanilla
damn oh this again come on Straub's
settle everybody settle now I've spoken
to some of you about my theories on the
nature of being ice cream which have no
basis in science it's the science of
feelings and as vanilla I feel that I am
the most natural of the ice creams and
therefore the rest of you should just go
ahead and also be vanilla it's the one
true flavor second so obviously the
implication is here they're a bunch of
religious fanatics who want everybody to
be straight and if they're not straight
then then we're gonna force them to be
straight okay a couple of things that
are worth noting here the reality is
that biologically speaking it is more
conducive to evolution and the and these
species for people to be heterosexual
this does not mean that everybody has to
be heterosexual we should use the
government to force people god forbid to
to engage in sexual activity of some
sort but this idea that it is that that
they're the that all sexuality also
behavior is created equal in terms of
its benefit to the species is just not
true that's just not true
that is a feelings driven position but
again they're gonna push this idea again
I'm waiting to hear who out there is
saying that everybody needs to be
straight I don't think that every like
there not a lot of people out there
saying everybody needs to be straight
there are people who are religious I'm a
religious person I may think that it is
sinful for people to engage in
particular types of sexual congress but
that's my prerogative you may think I'm
wrong congratulations it's a free
country no one can make you stop being
strawberry strawberry strawberry I just
think if you want to get right with the
big ice cream in the sky change your
flavour by wishing to be vanilla what if
the big ice cream in the sky is
chocolate blasphemy
everyone should pretend to be vanilla
until they no longer have the urge not
to be vanilla
I need errands to be pistachio
I am pistachio hey mint chocolate chip
sorry I'm late I was busy being to
awesome things at once
oh not cool pick Elaine but stain then I
was trying to convert us all again
that's nuts
no offence nuts come on buzzes me
nobody wants just one flavor of ice
cream
I do haven't you ever wanted to be in
the Neapolitan I I can't I can't come on
it's natural all-natural cocoa and
strawberry fresh from the field it's so
creamy and delicious mmm big ice cream
in the sky help me it's good meet you at
the ball okay so in other words
everything is natural except for
heterosexuality got it and that is the
the bottom line is that all religious
people are secretly repressed people who
want to have orgies with members of the
same sex bisexuals transgender people
and if they could just taste all the
other flavors of the rainbow everything
would be wonderful I love this idea that
biology does not dictate heterosexuality
but it dictates that you are supposed to
have sex with everything that moves okay
there is no scientific basis for
anything that is in this video this idea
well I guess the idea is that
everybody's sexualities on a spectrum
first of all here's what the science
actually says about this what it says
the female sexuality is more malleable
based on environment and genetics male
sexuality is a lot more binary okay this
is what the is what every study ever
done on sexuality has said men tend to
be either very gay or very straight and
women tend to there is a spectrum of
sexuality for women whatever the bottom
line is that when they say that that
basically straight people are secretly
gay but you can't say that it's a gay
person is secretly straight or has
tendencies in that direction amazing how
all this works but again it's just it's
it's propaganda it's not science and
it's not even good right I mean it ends
with ice cream having sex with each
other or something I'm just confused ice
cream doesn't have and just on a
scientific basis folks ice cream does
not have genitalia okay and if it does
don't eat it because that's not ice
cream okay so before we move on I want
to say thank you
answers over at Mack Weldon calm so if
you are looking for the best underwear
you're looking for the best sweatshirts
you're looking for the best comfortable
wear Mack Weldon is better than whatever
you are currently wearing Mack Weldon
comment spelled M ACK Weldon wel do n
comm and you get 20% off when use promo
code Shapiro it's sha Piro they have a
line of silver underwear and shirts that
are naturally antimicrobial so they get
rid of the stench they are really really
comfortable as I said I have a bunch of
Mac Weldon underwear and I threw out all
the other underwear that I own because
these are SuperDuper comfortable and
they also hold up really well in the
wash they're not gonna fall apart after
after seven layers Mac Weldon com super
comfortable they also it's also really
good-looking clothes you can go over to
their site check it out socks shirts
undershirts hoodie sweatpants more than
you'll ever wear but it's stuff that you
can wear out because it's so
good-looking
in many cases Mac Weldon com use that
promo code shop here you get 20% off
your first order at Mac Weldon comm for
daily wear ok meanwhile in the non bill
my news and I know he just spends a lot
of time on Bill Nye but that's because I
think that this is used as propaganda by
the left again the idea there's also
something else here that I think it's
worth noting on that idiotic ice cream
video the conflation of biology with
morality is really stupid the idea that
we're all pile ah Jack Lee built to have
sex with everything and therefore it's
good and anybody who says that it's bad
is wrong ok biology does not make things
right there are a lot of things that are
biological that are not right there are
people who have to we all have a
tendency I have a tendency to be
promiscuous because I am a male oh I
have a biological drive to have sex with
many women I'm extraordinarily
monogamous because I have a religious
belief and a moral belief that it would
be cruel to my wife to cheat on her and
it would be really bad to cheat on my
wife it is immoral to do that ok we have
that a society that's a good thing that
we have that as a society even if
morality is is bucking biology into
quote the old movie The African Queen
with Katharine Hepburn and Humphrey
Bogart nature is what was nature nature
is in many ways what we were put here to
rise above the idea that nature is
supposed to dictate your behavior is
really pure I'll and stupid but it is
also the basis of the left political
viewpoint ok in other news
Donald Trump is still pushing for the
the wall to be built but it is not
happening it appears that he is now
caving
the wall with regard to the budget the
Republicans are also putting together a
health care plan but if you want to hear
about all of that you will have to go
over to Daley wire calm right now and
subscribe $8 a month will get you a
subscription to daily wire comm you can
see the rest of the show live even part
of the mailbag which we will be doing
tomorrow tomorrow's already Thursday
right I mean this week is moving quickly
so we will be doing the mailbag tomorrow
and if you want to come an annual
subscriber you get a free copy of the
Arroyo fictional film set on the
southern border about why we need that
Trump wall and why it's stupid that the
Republicans aren't gonna build that
Trump wall daily wired.com
to get that subscription or if you just
want to listen later go over to iTunes
or SoundCloud check us out over there
become a subscriber at iTunes we always
appreciate you leaving a review this is
the largest conservative podcast in the
United States
you
