the hundredth day of the Trump
administration is fast approaching and
that means it will have been a hundred
days since Donald Trump took office and
that the first hundred days of his
administration will be over and the word
a hundred will be said many times maybe
even a hundred president Trump made many
promises about what he would accomplish
in this period he promised to repeal
Obamacare lower taxes wiped out Isis get
in a couple of rounds of golf draw a
funny mustache on the White House
portrait of Barack Obama install cable
service on Mars so he can continue to
watch Fox and Friends even after the
North Koreans make earth uninhabitable
and of course issue new uniforms for
NATO leaders modeled on those in the
final scene of The Music Man
now some slimy elite news worms and the
mainstream media are complaining that
with the exception of the Gulf and
drawing the funny mustache on Obama's
portrait Trump has not fulfilled his
promises in his first hundred days which
are so very urgent because those hundred
days have the word hundred in them which
is urgent because it's a hundred on the
other side true freedom-loving Americans
point out that Donald Trump has elevated
to constitutionalist to the Supreme
Court and that the Obama mustache was
kind of a hoot just saying now to be
fair to both sides except for the
mainstream media because I mean yeah
let's examine the true Trump
accomplishments in his first hundred
days
Donald Trump has succeeded in not
appointing a Supreme Court justice who
would destroy the First Amendment in
order to get back at those nasty
Citizens United people who had the
unmitigated gall to make a mean video
about Hillary Clinton saying she
wouldn't have been as great a president
as she's been pretending to be in her
bathroom mirror since she was 11 years
old Trump has also managed against all
odds not to appoint a Supreme Court
justice who had erased the Second
Amendment in the belief that guns are
icky and who needs them when you've got
perfectly good bodyguards who can carry
guns for you Trump has also succeeded in
not deposing a bunch of overseas tyrants
and leaving utter chaos in their weight
he hasn't opened our borders to every
drug lord with an accent out of treasure
of Sierra Madre who wants to set up shop
in Phoenix and he hasn't worn colourless
pant suits while making speeches in a
screechy voice that sounds like a tomcat
mating with a pterodactyl now sure some
might say that it's not enough just to
point out that Donald Trump isn't
Hillary Clinton and I'm sure they must
mean something
by that but I can't imagine what it is
in conclusion I think we can safely say
that this first hundred days of the
donald trump's presidency has been the
single greatest hundred days that ever
happened instead of the hundred days
that would have happened if donald trump
hadn't been president for the last
hundred days
trigger warning i'm andrew Clavin and
this is the andrew Clavin show alright
so I'm here in Oberlin Ohio to speak at
the college and I very very it's a
beautiful town but I have to say it's
got a strange kind of vibe because it's
obviously this is one of the liberal
enclaves of the world and very
politically correct so that town looks
like a 1950s Ohio town it's all kind of
very well preserved there's a
five-and-dime there's a you know all
kinds of Church there's all sorts of
things you would expect to see in like
you know in 1950s TV show about Ohio but
everything has this patina of political
correctness on it so in the town square
there are four flags flying together
it's the American flag the Ohio flag and
then the gay rainbow flag and the UN
flag so you know that you've landed in
Overland it's a very very weird lot very
pretty but very weird I'm looking
forward to seeing the the students later
and and talking to them meanwhile up in
in my beautiful hotel room which you can
see behind me and I've been puttering
around with this Skillshare program that
is now our new sponsor it is this really
interesting set of videos they're
instructional videos about just about
anything you want so like if you're
looking to move up in your job at work
or you're looking to change your job
we're just looking to adapt adopting new
hobby there are over 15,000 classes in
design business and more just about
anything you can think of on this
website that give you a little the short
videos you can watch them for a few
minutes and then go
to the next one or change your mind but
you can learn everything from logo
design to social media marketing to
street photography and you have
unlimited access to the whole thing for
a low monthly price you don't have to
pay per class ever again like in other
words you don't have to be afraid you're
gonna click on a new class and say oh
now I want to learn calligraphy and
click on that class and oh yes that's an
extra fee it's all for one fee so I've
been kidding around with it cuz I wanted
to test it out for the audience I didn't
want to just sell it to you if I didn't
think it was good so I went to all the
writing classes because I remembered
what it was like to be an aspiring
writer and feel that it was just this
kind of dark wall between you and
success he didn't know how the business
worked he didn't know where to go so I
tried it out just listened to all the
writing advice and it was good you know
it was really good very short you know
three minute videos telling you how to
how to prepare to be a writer what kinds
of mental discipline you need how to set
a time and space for your writing really
totally useful things I wish I had had
the videos when I was starting out and
even some stuff I may actually use
myself like how to market things so it's
really a useful useful site and you can
try it for free because you are
listening to me if you are listening to
me
Skillshare is giving my listeners a
month of unlimited access to the site so
you go to www.osho.com/copyright osho is
not going to be any trouble here I'm not
expecting any trouble here but you know
you know you were following what's
happening to Ann Coulter in Berkeley she
may pull out of the speech she was going
to give the police she said she was
going to give it in public in this
police basically just said we're not
gonna protect you from these fascists
who call themselves anti-fascist but her
fascists were shutting down the speech
and it's really I mean it's gotten to be
absurd because it's happening - it's all
my friends I mean Heather McDonald
Charles Murray's the one I don't know
and obviously it's happening to Ben
Shapiro and we at the Daily wire could
understand why anybody would chase your
bureau out of town but that's just
personal you know
think he should be allowed to say what
he has to say but but you know the thing
that is really disturbing to me is not
that a bunch of punk kids or even a
bunch of outside agitators are going
into these places and shutting down free
speech what is really disturbing is that
now the mainstream Left is trying to put
legitimize this idea that you can censor
speech that the First Amendment doesn't
cover speech that they happen to
disagree with and of course they call it
hate speech because they live in this
very convenient world where everything
that they disagree with this hate they
are the bastions of love you know the
battle you can always tell the bastion
of love because he's wearing a balaclava
mask and hitting you with a club that's
how you can tell the real lovers of the
world and and you know they think that
everything that that they disagree with
is hate so now they have this new meme
they're sending out that hate speech is
not free speech hate speech is not
covered by the First Amendment which is
totally untrue but it's coming from you
know very high-level sources so Howard
Dean the former DNC chair former
governor of Maine tweets out hate speech
is not free speech hate speech can be a
speech like Ann Coulter that's who he's
referring to can be censored and here he
is explaining is completely ridiculous
reasoning so several things to think
about one the United States has the most
far-reaching protections on speech of
any country in the world - it's not
absolute three there are three support
case court cases Supreme Court cases
that you need to know about one then the
most recent is a John Roberts opinion
that said that Phelps people those that
church out in Kansas had the right to
picket a horrible offensive with signs
military funerals - in 2002 there was a
Supreme Court said that cross bargaining
was illegal because it could incite
violence and three the Chaplinsky
Chaplinsky case in 1942 said that there
that speech was not permitted if it
included fighting words that were likely
to incite violence so this is not a
clear-cut carrying on the way the right
does the right loves it that loves to be
able to say anything they like is no
matter how offensive it is well Ann
Coulter has used word
you cannot use on television to describe
Jews blacks gays Muslims immigrants and
Hispanics I think there's a case to be
made that that invokes the Chaplinsky
decision which is fighting words likely
to incite violence and I think Berkeley
is within its rights to make the
decision that it puts to put their
campus and in danger if they have her
there completely untrue every every word
out of his mouth including the ands and
buts were completely untrue first of all
the most offensive thing about this is
defining speech you disagree with his
hate speech so the minute they started
with hate speeches and free speech
that's ridiculous secondly even even
what he was saying made no sense the
Supreme Court cases that he was citing
they did allow Westboro Baptist Church
to picket a gay Marines funeral which is
about as hateful as you can get I mean
that's something that I would find
genuinely hateful but the Supreme Court
said it was within the realm of free
speech so that I don't see even why he
was citing that in the cross burning
case what the Supreme Court did was they
struck down a law banning all cross
burning because they said you can't ban
it altogether because it is speech what
they said was you can prevent it if it's
intimidation so it's not free speech for
me to say you know I'm you know if you
walk into my if you walk down the street
I'm gonna kill you you know that's a
threat you can't do that and the
fighting words case again that has been
limited to essentially two threats or
the kind of thing that I might shout
directly into your face which you know
would be almost disturbing the peace or
something like that it has nothing to do
with the political opinions of people
like Ann Coulter so every word that he
said was completely untrue now there are
some people on the left that Bernie
Sanders has been standing up you know
standing up for free speech which is
good to hear Bill Maher here's Bill
Maher's talking about the Berkeley thing
but Berkeley you know used to be the
cradle of free speech and now it's just
the cradle for baby
I feel like you know this goes on all
over the country on campuses they invite
someone to speak who's not exactly what
liberals want to hear and they want to
shut her I feel like this is the
Liberals version of book book burning
yeah and it's got to stop Howard Dean
tweeted today about this hate speech is
not protected by the First Amendment yes
it is threats are not protected by the
First Amendment this is why the Supreme
Court said the Nazis could march in
Skokie they're a hateful bunch but
that's what the First Amendment means it
doesn't mean just shut up and agree with
me yeah well you know I mean Marv I've
always respected him for this he's
always had an Coulter on his show he's
always we always used to have Andrew
Breitbart on his show he's a guy who
actually does appreciate free speech and
stand up for it all the time and that's
that's great
if you listen to Elizabeth Warren on the
other hand she sort of defending free
speech is that it's the cornerstone of
everything we hold dear it is the
American Way is the thing that makes
America America free speech it's the
there's a reason they put it in the
first amendment it is the most important
right we have because without it you
don't have any freedoms at all really so
here's Elizabeth Warren kind of skirting
the issue a little bit talking to Jake
Tapper former Vermont governor in DNC
chair Howard Dean tweeted last week
quote hate speech is not protected by
the First Amendment
is that true you know look Ann Coulter
has just gotten a much bigger platform
because someone tried to deny her a
chance to speak my view is where speak
and just don't show up if you don't like
it that would you yeah you don't like it
don't show up is absolutely true but on
the other hand I didn't hear a ringing
endorsement of the First Amendment
either but the thing that's really
appalling and John Nolte has a good
piece about this up on The Daily wire
thing that is really appalling is the
New York Times and the National Review I
think it is the the famous left-wing
journal that's not that's the National
Review was the right-wing journal who is
who am I thinking of I can't remember
now but it doesn't matter they're famous
the famous left-wing journal have
published articles explaining why
universities have the right to censor
speech the one in the New York Times
it's virtually the litter
but it's by ulrich Baer who is the vice
provost for faculty arts humanities and
diversity and he's a professor of
comparative literature at nyu alright
and he writes during the 1980s and 90s a
shift occurred in American culture
personal experience in testimony
especially of suffering and oppression
began to challenge the primacy of
argument now think about that for a
minute the personal experience and
testimony began to challenge the primacy
of argument so in other words if you can
say how much you've suffered logic
object of truth no longer matters he
goes on to say freedom of expression
became a flashpoint in this shift then
is now both liberals and conservatives
were weary of privileged experience with
it's powerful emotional impact over
reason an argument which some fear will
bring an end to civilization or at least
to freedom of speech my view and this
does not he says represent the views of
NYU is that we should resist the
temptation to rehash these debates doing
so would overlook the fact that a
thorough generational shift has occurred
in other words the two the free speech
toothpaste is out of the tube and we
can't put it back in widespread
caricatures of students is overly
sensitive failed to acknowledge the
philosophical work that was carried out
especially in the 80s and 90s to
legitimate experience over logical
argument so he then quotes the
philosopher Jean Francois leotard
leotard Lib tard I guess he should be
called best known for his prescient
analysis and the postmodern condition of
how public discourse discards the
categories of true/false
and just unjust in favor of valuing the
mere fact that something is being
communicated examine the tension between
experience and argument in a different
way you know it just reminds me of this
reminds me of that wonderful show Curb
Your Enthusiasm carribean through the
terrible suffering of these college
students in Trump's argument and it
reminds me of that show there was an
episode one of the funniest things I've
ever seen on television there was an
episode in which they invited over a
bunch of survivors Holocaust survivors
but one person misunderstood
I did a guy from the show Survivor a guy
who would won the show survivor and the
kid who had been launched survivor
started to argue with the Holocaust
survivors about who had been through a
worse experience here's a short clip of
this I think it's hilarious it was
harrowing you come across a Taipan on
the trail you get bit you're dead let me
tell you I was in a concentration camp
you never even suffered one minutes in
your life look I'm saying I'm saying we
spent 42 days trying to survive we had
very little rations no snacks snacks
snacks they did me sometimes for a week
for our manga we've a nothing I've been
from on couldn't be workout when I was
over there they certainly didn't have a
gym a lot I mean I wore my sneakers out
and then the next thing you know I've
got a pair of foot flops flip-flop we
slip on the ground on the dirt okay 118
degrees during the day 98 at night with
98 percent humidity 45 degrees below
zero did you guys have a bathroom
bathroom we didn't have 12 people at a
time would go oh I'm sure you had toilet
paper we had newspaper
we had mosquitoes you see this glass eye
have you even seen the show
did you ever see our show oh listen we
have to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube but over on the daily wire.com
where the show will continue its mailbag
day I almost forgot to mention we're
gonna answer all your questions or
answers or 100% guaranteed correct and
guaranteed also to change your life
possibly for the better have some really
good questions so come on over to the
daily wire.com and hear the rest of the
show
