the New York Times a former newspaper is
calling on its readers to report
examples of political disinformation
being spread to the public I did not
make that up though I kind of wish I had
an article headlined if you see
disinformation ahead of the midterms we
want to hear from you was posted in The
Times I guess so people wouldn't have to
look very far before reporting in so far
The Times has received several reports
in one email UN Ambassador nikki Haley
wrote quote dear New York Times the
report suggesting I paid over fifty
thousand dollars for curtains in my New
York apartment was proved mistaken in
its own sixth paragraph where you
yourself reported that the curtains were
ordered during the Obama administration
unquote
The Times promptly replied quote dear
stinky Jew face this was not a mistake
we were trying to make you look bad
because you support America and Israel
both of which we've been trying to
undermine for the last 30 years unquote
another email came from Judge Brett
Kavanaugh who protested quote dear New
York Times I wish to report an article
mistakenly accusing me of making
salacious remarks in my high school
yearbook the source of that report was
an anti-trump fanatic a fact you
included in an early draft then deleted
unquote The Times replied quote dear
fascist smoking pants no mistake there
we were trying to sink your Supreme
Court nomination by any means necessary
so that babies can continue to be
slaughtered in the womb unquote yet
another email came from President Donald
Trump saying quote I think you're
reporting on me has been broadly biased
and unfair unquote to which The Times
replied quote eat crap and die son of
Satan unquote finally an email reported
that the paper mistakenly claimed it
contained all the news that's fit to
print but The Times responded that this
too is not a mistake but merely a way of
pretending the New York Times is still
the New York Times
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right the Clavin last weekend is
right here and I feel guilty sending you
into the abyss
while the Cavanaugh hearings are going
on even as I speak the aftermath will be
bloody I'm sure and you'll be all alone
because you won't have me there to save
you but consider it a kind of penance
for your sins and when we get back on
Monday those of you who survived I will
be telling you all about it I hate to
comment on things that are going on in
the moment anyway because I like to
think about them read and find out what
I really what my opinion actually is but
I do have a lot to say about what's
happening right now I've seen some of
the opening of the hearing and I do have
a lot to say about it and we've also got
an absolutely fascinating interview with
Ethan Van Sciver who is an artist for
both DC Comics and Marvel Comics for
many years and basically lost his job
when it turned out that he supported
President Trump and that it's a really
interesting interview for those of you
who like comics or art or books or
anything about how hard it is to be a
conservative and actually produce the
entertainment that you consume meanwhile
you're probably asking yourself Mike my
sponsor today is software advice and
you're probably asking what is software
advice well it's advice about software
because when it comes to picking the
right software for your business
software advice has done all the
research for you this is a big deal for
me I'm frequently thinking gee how do I
solve this problem I could use software
advice and if you go to software
advice.com slash Clavin and answer just
a few sort quite short questions about
your business you'll be connected with
an advisor to discuss the best software
options for your needs talking to an
advisor takes just 10 minutes or less
and if you're an entrepreneur or you
work solo software advice is a great way
to get an expert opinion even without
the resources of a big company this
doesn't cost you anything so in the
software struggle today go to software
advice.com slash Clavin to get
started that software advice.com slash
Clavin and you connect with an advisor
and it is free for you which is a good
price I think free so go to software
advice.com slash clever and just pick up
the phone and say to them and you spell
Clavin it's que la vie a.m. so they've
started the hearing they have a kristinb
lazy Ford made her statement her opening
statement and then they have a
prosecutor who's kind of this lady from
Arizona who's kind of in a bad way
because she is getting the time that
senators get which was only five minutes
so she's trying to build her case and
kind of find out what's going on
but let's let's listen to Christine
blaze a Ford she makes a good impression
she comes across well and then I will
tell you what I think about this which
really is not going to change almost no
matter what happens in the following few
hours I am here today not because I want
to be I am terrified I am here because I
believe it is my civic duty to tell you
what happened to me while Brett
Kavanaugh and I were in high school when
I got to the top of the stairs I was
pushed from behind into a bedroom across
from the bathroom I couldn't see who
pushed me Brett and Mark came into the
bedroom and locked the door behind them
I was pushed onto the bed and Brett got
on top of me he began running his hands
over my body
and grinding into me I yelled hoping
that someone downstairs might hear me
and I tried to get away from him but his
weight was heavy
Brett groped me and tried to take off my
clothes he had a hard time because he
was very inebriated and because I was
wearing a one-piece bathing suit
underneath my clothing I believed he was
going to rape me I tried to yell for
help when I did Brett put his hand over
my mouth to stop me from yelling this is
what terrified me the most and this had
the most lasting impact on my life it
was hard for me to breathe and I thought
that Brett was accident
we going to kill me both Brett and Mark
were drunkenly laughing during the
attack they seemed to be having a very
good time
so even look at her she's credible if
that whatever that word means she's
believable she's voice is trembling
she's emotional and the story itself is
credible although she can't remember the
day or the place here's here is the
thing about this hearing it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter because we
don't have any facts
there's no corroboration from the time
the people who she says were there says
it didn't say don't didn't happen or
they don't remember it is just all
they're saying is do you believe her and
when the scent of the Democratic
senators are asking questions they're
asking these general questions about
sexual assault as if this had anything
to do with sexual assault as a major
issue as an issue an overarching issue
it doesn't it has to do with this
incident and whether it happened and
there is not enough information here to
prove it or disprove it she could be
lying she could be telling the truth she
could be misremembering anything could
be possible and you know I mean dick
dick durbin who is really he really is
he's gone the full sleeves at this point
he says how sure what percentage sure
are you that this happened and the
answer is she says a hundred percent
what what difference does it make you
know what difference does it make it's
like that old song I believe I can fly
that's great until you step off a
building then find out you can't it's
not an attack on her it's not an attack
on any other sexual victim of sexual
assault it has nothing to do with that
it has to do with process this is the
hardest thing for the human heart to
learn that facts are what matter in
these cases it is so hard when you think
of all the lynchings that took place
lynching there were lynchings of blacks
there was there was a lynching of a
white man by blacks for rape and murder
there were lynchings of Jews there were
attacks on Catholics we remember Tawana
Brawley who ruined a man's life with a
lie we remember the Duke Lacrosse case
where the guys were splattered all over
the fronts of magazines we remember the
rolling stone they had their story at
UVA right where there was a gang rape
all these stories are powerful you can
sit there and of course the
left is constantly saying I believe I
believe I don't it doesn't matter what
you believe what matters is the truth
what matters is the fact this is this is
an important moment for America it
really is you almost never hear me say
this I always believed tomorrow is
another day you know these things come
and they go if the Republicans let their
nominee go down on unsubstantiated
unprovable allegations no matter how
credible this woman is if they succumb
to fear because that's all it is it's
fear that the public will believe or
fear that women will get angry fear that
people will you know attack them or vote
them out of office if they succumb to
that they have lost the country they
have lost what the country means what
it's supposed to be about they have lost
the concept of guilty of innocent until
proven guilty they have lost the concept
of due process they have lost the power
to put forward anybody because first of
all none of us is wholly clean and any
of us can be slandered I mean both those
things are true there's no such thing as
a perfect person and if you're going to
destroy people with things that happen
36 years ago that alone is bad but if
you're going to destroy them with
something somebody said happen 36 years
ago you have lost everything they will
lose this house I think they'll lose the
Senate whereas whereas if they stand
firm if they stand firm and they push
forward and confirm Cavanaugh which is
what I believe they should do without
question without doubt unless he comes
up the only thing that would change my
my tune my opinion is if he came out and
said all right I confess I confess you
know I mean that would be the one thing
that would change my opinion but if
they're if they stand firm the lynch mob
hysteria will pass good people who right
this minute are thinking I believe or I
believe will stop and think well wait a
minute why did I believe her what what
were the facts where was the
corroboration what was going on here
what what got me so carried away good
people will do that not on the left but
good people will do it and they will
come to their senses the lynch mob
mentality will pass and the Republicans
will survive and of course if anything
ever comes out that can be proved he can
be impeached
but then you've got to prove it then
you've got to put forward the evidence
and not just ask people whether you
believe or this cry of I believe her is
the cry of every single lynch mob that
ever killed a man the cry of I believer
has gone all through history it is so
hard for our hearts to understand that
it doesn't matter what you believe it
doesn't matter whether I believe in God
it only matters whether God is there it
does not matter what I believe is the
truth it only matters whether it can be
proved and whether there are facts this
is the thing I mean and when you saw
yesterday yesterday this country the
press the left worked itself and up into
a witch-hunt crucible mentality that was
shameful I mean if they if the left had
any shame left I mean I was I got to the
point where I was laughing at part I
mean I hate to I have a mordant sense of
humor I've a very dark sense of humor
and at one point Brett Kavanaugh put
forward his calendars for the year 1982
and it had things where it said he had
been grounded
he'd been grounded and I thought well he
was obviously grounded because he killed
and dismembered a prostitute it's like
Brett you go to your room right now I
told you not to kill any more
prostitutes no more gang rape parties
for you my friend you have to stay home
from the gang rape parties if you would
kill anymore you know it's like how
insane did it get yesterday how ugly did
it get and yet yet always always from
the news from the left-wing news people
was that the guilt the drumbeat I
believe I believe I believe not let's
see what happens not let's see if there
are any facts not there are no facts but
I believe they were even reporting at
one point an anonymous report it went on
the news an anonymous report saying oh
yeah he pushed me up against a wall or
something you know our friends at News
Buster's the media Research Center they
put up this montage of news people
convicting Brett Kavanaugh listen to
this cut number six he's a liar
really big red flags to me and this is
just the latest one I don't think Brett
Kavanaugh takes women's pain very
seriously it has an awesome flavor first
two-inch the accuser Kavanagh has lied
multiple times have enough potentially
wine and that to me is disqualifying
this is not a court of law right so this
doesn't need to be proven beyond a
reasonable doubt credibly accused
credibly keen credibly and authoritative
we accused credibly accused of sexual
assault involving teens so you're not
believe she's being bullied into showing
up four or five days after this letter
is leaked to be questioned by eleven
white men panel white men ten white men
white men with white you know aggressive
enough doctors question why not pull the
nomination hold the nomination Kavanagh
is quite overcooked his nomination
should be withdrawn wouldn't surprise me
if he chose to withdraw this nomination
as cuts that protected a man who is
probably guilty what's out there the the
casual racism of our modern press the
casual racism is despicable they are
despicable
every time the words a white man comes
out of their mouth the guy should be
thrown off the air he should be fired or
she should be fired on the spot what
don't you like about the color of white
skin what is it you don't like about it
what gives you the right to judge a man
by the color of his skin it is wrong it
is wrong when you do it to black people
it's wrong when you do it to yellow
people and it's wrong when you do it to
white people it's disgusting and it
wouldn't be happening if they weren't
surrounded by like-minded people if they
all didn't think the same thing it's
just like the Klan sitting around you
know you listen to people and listen to
racist people people who were racist
against black people instead of white
people then the same way they're the
same way as long as they're surrounded
by their own they can say anything they
want just like the people on CNN just
like the people on MSNBC just like all
these people and the second thing about
how she shouldn't have to she's being
bullied into showing up and answering
questions that is how the truth is found
you know it's like it is like the way
competition serves business if you have
to make a better iphone than the next
guy or go down the drain you know you
will make a better iphone it's
competition serves business makes
business better the courtroom
system is a system of adversaries it is
a system that puts it's called a trial
it's called a trial for a reason it puts
people on trial and yes you get
questioned sometimes they bring out
stuff about you that you don't want to
reveal sometimes they make you look bad
sometimes they slander you they do all
kinds of things but you have to survive
that and get to the facts you know
what's interesting about this to me
yesterday Donald Trump gave a press
conference and everybody's making fun of
Donald Trump's press conference and it
is funny he's a funny guy he's
narcissistic he kind of goes up but you
know he's bloviate and he's inarticulate
and all this stuff it's all at all is
comical and all this but but when you
compare it to them with their fancy
suits and dresses and their fancy you
know ways of speaking and all this who
who are just convicting this man without
due process Trump got closer to the
truth play play this thing cut number
one and people are going to be scared
because we could say it about you 35
years ago you Mets and you might know
you might not know what's going on what
is going on why did they wait so long
why did senator Feinstein's wait til the
hearings were over and make this case
why didn't she bring it right at the
beginning when you asked about as an
example the FBI why didn't they bring
this right at the beginning during the
hearing you would have had all the time
in the world for the FBI it would have
been fine now the FBI as you know did
investigate this time as they have five
or six other times and they did a very
thorough investigation but this is a big
con job and I would love to be in the
room with the Democrats close the door
you guys are all away outside waiting
and Schumer and his buddies are all in
there laughing how they fooled you all
let's just stop them a big fat con yeah
go ahead
it is a con regardless of whether what
blazing forages in her mind regardless
of what she's doing it was a con the way
she was used they used her as a checker
piece in this game of keep the
nominations out win back the Senate stop
Trump from affecting the Supreme Court
that's the game we're playing
there's no other
that we're playing we're not playing a
game about defend all women we're not
playing a game of me - we're just
playing a game of power that's all
that's happening we and we know that's
all that's happening because there's no
there's no standard there's no standard
by which blazing Ford or Kavanagh can be
redeemed there's int and is no standard
so if there's no standard we're not
looking for that are we know we're not
looking for proof we're not looking for
facts we're not looking for truth we're
looking for power that's the game that's
being played and Donald Trump says it
what Donald Trump says in his funny way
and in his belligerent way is the truth
it is the truth
yesterday the witch-hunt reached this
kind of feverish feverish pitch when
michael avenatti who who could not
believe michael avenatti you know like
who could not think this classy classy
man this you know and here's the thing
that gets me about him he's a creation
of the press the CNN made him a hero
when he was bringing out storm remember
when stormy Daniels that was almost
saying they were he was a hero they
almost used that word Michael avenatti
brings out this woman Julie sweat Nick
and she says oh there were gang rape
parties I was at ten of them I thought
maybe it's just me after the first gang
rape party I'm not going back I mean
it's amazing and and all this stuff
comes out about her and you know I don't
say this without any compassion I you
know all this stuff comes out about her
that her boyfriend Richard ven aqui
vennett she said got a restraining order
against her because she was they broke
up and he says she threatened him
multiple times after they broke up and
even after he married his current wife
with whom he had a child he says right
and this is from Politico right after I
broke up with her she was threatening my
family threatening my wife and
threatening to do harm to my baby at
that time I know a lot about her she's
not credible at all not at all and even
the media starts to realize that oh oh
maybe we have stepped over the line
here's sunny Hostin this is cut number
for questioning Michael avenatti and
asking him is because it's the other
thing she didn't accuse Cavanaugh of
anything she just accused them bean
so she asks him you know was what is she
charging him with anything and he can't
answer the question
did he anything to this particular woman
yeah did he do anything to this
particular woman Julie sweat Nick or is
she alleging that she had just have seen
him be aggressive with other women well
I think the allegation sunny if you lead
if you read further in the Declaration
are far more specific and relating the
bright Cavanaugh's conduct towards women
in general including the offenses - you
drugged women by placing grain alcohol
and or drugs in basically the punch of
these parties that many of these women
ended up gang-raped
unfortunately I mean the details in this
declaration are specific they are
shocking but above all else they are
true and my client stands behind them
100% and she's looking forward to having
an opportunity to meet with one or more
FBI agents hopefully and describe what
happened and she's also prepared to
testify if she's permitted to do so to
the US Senate
and so now cable news starts to think oh
maybe the American people are not
absolute like worm-like morons are going
to start to realize this guy is pulling
a con this woman is not believable this
stuff we're piling on so what they're
trying to do is they're trying to create
this cloud of inference a cloud of
accusation so you say well there's so
many there's so much this but it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter how many people
there are again it doesn't matter what
you believe it doesn't matter who's
credible it doesn't matter how many
there are all that matter of the facts
and there's no way to get them is no way
to get them it is the hardest thing for
people to understand when something
cannot be done we can't get the truth
and therefore this hearing shouldn't
even be going on it shouldn't be going
on because it can't lead to the truth it
cannot lead us to the facts so what's
the point
so now cable news who created Michael
avenatti panics so here's this is what
is again from mr.c from News Buster's a
montage of the
cable news panicking that this is going
to fall Michael avenatti certainly knows
how to get a lot of attention but we're
taking this from serious accusations to
a very political situation does that
hurt this accusation
Michael avenatti has inserted himself in
this conversation in a way that is you
know honestly makes the circus and even
bigger circus there will be some
Republican senators who might have been
inclined to listen more openly to dr.
Ford who will now see the involvement of
avenatti in this as further evidence
that this is somehow a politically
organized smear campaign I mean you're
saying that Cavanaugh was present that
Cavanaugh was present in the room he was
in the line he was in the party I mean
just to say he was present is is a
really egregious lack of specificity
when you're talking about charges this
horrific it's like we create like
Frankenstein they created this monster
now he's destroying the village oh maybe
we shouldn't have sent him up into the
rooftop with when the Lightning was
going on and brought Alvin Otte to life
I am I good of an oddity now I must kill
everything you know this is them they
made him they made him and now they're
sorry because he's making them look bad
cuz buzzy Ford at least is not that
whatever she is she is not this kind of
to love a guy like avenatti you know is
it's really interesting that the Senate
Judiciary revealed yesterday very
quietly that they had interviewed one
man twice and another man who said you
know what it wasn't Brett Kavanaugh it
was me
the guy said wasn't Brett Kavanaugh they
he sent in a letter he said I was the
guy I think I'm the guy who attacked the
christening blazing forth now how would
it be how would it be if I applied the
logic that they used on Christine
blazing forward with this guy okay
either one of these guys let's pick one
how would it be if I said well why would
he come forward and risk this you know
and he could go to prison why would why
would he say these things and destroy
his reputation and destroy his life it's
credible I believe him he's credible
this is credible you know it's really it
sounds it makes a lot of sense the
letter he sent in makes a lot of sense
why don't I say it because I don't know
I think don't know the cops will tell
you people confess to things all the
time the cops will also tell you women
accused men of rape falsely all the time
life is complicated people are
complicated people lie that is why we
have built over thousands of years of
thousands of years we have dragged out
of the mud through blood and thunder and
death we have dragged out this system of
due process where a man or a woman is
innocent until proven guilty and they
throw it away for the power they want
the power and they throw it away if they
can get you hysterical if they can get
the Republicans scared enough they will
win if they will win that is how the
country is going to be governed until
the day I die okay it's gonna be coming
for a long time by panic and fear and
blame and innuendo you know I'm not
Spartacus
I'm not Spartacus I want to tell you if
they if they were looking for Spartacus
I'd be good like I think it's the guy
looks like Kirk Douglas over there I
would give Spartacus over in a ten
seconds I wouldn't but I'll tell you who
I were I remind myself of today there's
an Alfred Hitchcock movie called foreign
correspondent and is made to encourage
America to support the war effort in
Britain and the guys in England I
believe and he's you know the usual
Hitchcock thing he's accused of
something he's chased around in the end
the hero winds up in a radio station
during the Blitz and London is being
bombed right and the lights are
flickering on and off and he says he
says keep your lights burning America
that the only lights left in the world
okay the way I feel right now the
Republican Party is a mess it's full of
weakness is full of dishonesty it's
broken it doesn't know where it's going
it doesn't know what his future looks
like it doesn't know what his principles
are but Republicans keep the lights
burning because that yours are the only
lights left in Washington DC the other
party has lost the plot of America it
has lost the meaning of America it is
lost what we stand for is lost how we
operate it is lost who we are keep the
lights burning Republicans they're the
only lights left in Washington DC all
right that's enough of this for now when
I get back on Monday if any of you are
still here if you have lived through the
clayvin this weekend I will discuss the
aftermath which I'm sure is going to be
as hilarious as it can possibly be I
mean I hardly have to write satire or
just kind of put it up there and there
it'll be but let's let's move on to
something I this interview is so cool I
just really want you to hear it
Ethan Van Sciver he's a comic book
artist he you work for DC Comics Marvel
Comics he's illustrated Green Lantern
the flash and some Batman he talked to
me about what happened when he was
exposed I guess you could say he'd
always been very open about it but after
Trump was elected that things changed he
has created his own comic its latest
iteration cyber frog blood honey has
raised over half a million dollars
through crowdfunding here is Ethan Van
Sciver Ethan Van Sciver thank you so
much for coming on it's my pleasure it's
great to be here Andrew big fan oh
thanks I you know I want to hear you you
were in work for DC Comics right for
like 20 years
so I want I want to hear how you got
into this and and how that part of it
went before we get into the whole SJW
thing well I've worked for DC Comics
since 1997 I started out drawing a book
called impulse worked my way up to the
flash Green Lantern we basically
revolutionized the whole Green Lantern
concept me and Jeff Don's who's now
their chief creative officer and then
flash rebirth we brought back Barry
Allen's so most of the stuff that you
see on the TV show right now is comes
from you know work that I've done with
Geoff Johns the writer and then I met
Greg Hurwitz we worked on Batman
together did man-bat and a fantastic Mad
Hatter arc it was just great I mean it
was fantastic everything was good and
then November 9th 2016 okay absolutely
everything on the way did people know
you were a conservative who you open
about your everybody knew I was a
Republican but as long as I was in the
my political minority it wasn't a big
deal but as soon as we gained powers
whose Republicans gained power they
started to get very very upset had it
ever come up in like professionally had
anybody ever said to you Oh take out
that panel take out that storyline
anything like that
well not in terms of me being a
Republican but I did see because I never
put
content in any of my books I started to
notice PC creeping into comics way back
in 2003 when I was working at marble
comics for a short stent I had to draw
the sequence of Wolverine on a
motorcycle in the rain now the the the
Scottish writer a guy named Grant
Morrison so cool he described this scene
for me of Wolverine sitting on his
motorcycle there's an ambulance full of
like mutant killing um you know cultists
in an ambulance they're about to hurt a
teenage girl and Wolverines parked out
in his motorcycle in the rain and what
does he do before he goes in there and
kills them all he lights a cigarette
okay now I was like that is a great
great that's a great scene so I drew it
just as it was described and then I got
a notification from editorial and I mean
high up the EIC the president of Marvel
Comics redraw that panel Wolverine
doesn't smoke anymore and I was like
since when he's always smoked that's
been so that's the whole thing about him
is he's got a stogie and a cowboy hat
and that's Wolverine we don't want to
set a bad example for children smoking
is bad I'm like he's about to going in
murder six people take out the murder
scene or is it just the cigarettes that
we opposed and no I did have to redraw
that scene so that Wolverine is just
sitting there on his motorcycle in the
rain it looks like the cover to Prince's
Purple Rain actually had the original
right so that's when I started to notice
PC kind of creeping into comics and it
got worse and worse and right on 2014 is
when it became full-blown SJW invasion
so what did that aleck that looked like
hey um you know we need more women in
comics the reason why the comics are
declining in sales perhaps is because we
could double our audience if we only had
more female characters so instead of
creating new ones
let's kill four let's kill them and
replace them with a woman or let lets
Wolverine can go away let's replace him
with a woman uh Tony Stark Tony Stark
white male let's kill him and replace
with a teenage black girl Wow still call
the book Ironman and uh you know the
Incredible Hulk Bruce Banner that's
boring
you know let's replace him with an Asian
kid who's super smart and happy to be
the hole they took all of the pathos
away from the Hulk now fans began to
complain fans began to complain not
because uh you know of the inclusion of
more women and people of color the you
know LGBT characters started to show up
not because of that but because they
were replacing characters like Bruce
Banner and Tony Stark and for I mean
these are characters that you see in the
movies Wolverine and then you go to the
comic shops and they're not there
instead you've got these replacement
characters that aren't half as
interesting because sjw's cannot create
characters I don't know what it is they
just step in and ruin other people's
characters that well that may be part of
the point though isn't it I mean I'm not
sure not just it's not just that they
want to succeed they want you to fail
that's the important point yeah I think
so I more I think about sjw's in comics
or in any pop culture medium and I'm a
big star Wars fan - I do a youtube show
about Star Wars criticizing pop culture
and the culture war within Star Wars
it's called comic artists prose secrets
that's my YouTube channel and they do
the same thing they're air I don't think
it's that they I think what it really is
is they just want to control they want
to infiltrate and control you know a
megaphone a pop-culture megaphone that
does be loved and then just ruin it okay
so the culture is changing in the comic
industry suddenly Donald Trump wins the
election now at right now suddenly
everybody's hitting my Twitter account
calling me a Nazi in calling me a thong
bag and call me terrible names and
somebody digs back into my past I had a
sketch book in 2007 where I called I had
a character that I redesigned a villain
I redesigned to look like Hitler the
Green Leonard's main villain I gave him
a haircut like a fat chick on a haircut
I gave him an arm band and I made him
look more kind of imperious and like
with heavier bags under his eyes
and he became a major hit character I
mean he was DC's number one character
because he just had so much weight and I
said openly I said I'm running him
through this kind of Nazi filter to just
kind of fix this goofy character and
make him worthy of Hal Jordan well I put
out a sketchbook with him on the cover
which was just basically a you know a
pamphlet of my drawings that you could
buy the convention and I called it my
struggle yeah because he was on the
cover yeah
and it and basically I thought it was a
- it was a three-way joke I mean the
first thing obviously was the character
was kind of Hitlerian
but also the artwork contained my
struggle from 1993 to present day to
become a comic book artist and then the
third thing was kind of the wink and a
nod was you guys know I'm a Republican
and you keep calling me a Nazi and
that's you know he was a villain the guy
was the villain of course he was I mean
he was a major building he was a
dictator he was Hitler from space I mean
it just it made they made our heroes
more heroic by opposing him so they dug
this out and said some some bright
genius some bright little soy boy ran um
ran my struggle through a German
translation Google something or other
and it came back mine comp and they had
a panic attack
full-scale outrage attacked oh my gosh
he's been signaling that he's a Nazi
this whole time and I was just kind of
like I thought everyone knew that but no
no this was this was I thought everyone
knew that my struggle was like mine no
this was this was alarming to people and
they even had a meme where it was like
my struggle like the same to me my
struggle German translation mine comp I
mean this was a letter ten years old at
this point and they started running
articles about me now these people the
way that they work is they have like a
bunch of journalists that work for them
a bunch of friends in the media and we
started writing article after article
about you know me being a far-right wing
all right
a Nazi all of these things and a certain
portion of the audience believe that
did anybody any of these people
interview you there talked to you about
oh no of course not because they they
knew it wasn't true I mean it was just a
way to get me kind of excommunicated and
exiled from comics so we went through a
hell of a time me and my wife I mean
they really did make its up we didn't
know how to deal with sjw's we didn't
understand that you know this is all
disingenuous and none of its real never
apologize to them for anything and all
of this stuff we were just kind of
enduring a hellstorm and I was I was
talking to DC Comics PR the whole time
and just kind of saying what do i do
what do I do these people are calling me
names and then if people believe it and
they're gonna think I'm actually you
know legitimately a white supremacist or
something and this is terrifying that
means if you're a white supremacist that
means that you can't go out of your
house without getting punched or
assaulted what do you do to Nazis you
shoot them I mean that you know that's
that's really an awful thing to do to
somebody it's a terrible thing to do
that's that's what happened to do how
did all this turn out I mean did you
have we did you have to leave DC or did
you leave on your own I did I left DC
shortly after what is now known in
comics lore and comics Kate lore as the
Gotham City Pizza incident wherein I
decided to make an appearance at this
place in Florida called Gotham City
pizza I was gonna draw Borden have some
beers private event for the fans you
know to come out and meet me it was
really wonderful this was in November of
last year um and uh I received a bunch
of dust the death threats like do not go
to Gotham City pizza if you do we are
going to kill you we're gonna rape your
wife and all of us that don't go Nazi
scum etc etc now I showed these tweets
to everybody you know I was just like I
don't hide death threats when they come
I show them to people you know so I went
anyway after consideration I left my
wife at home but I you know I went to
the event had a great time I had a bunch
of like Navy SEALs and Marines over
lighting nobody's gonna touch you
nobody's gonna mess with you we're gonna
have a good time
I drew Batman on the wall it was awesome
I thought I had it thought it was it
wasn't great but the next morning
somebody had kicked in all of their
windows and smashed their door
and uh you know that was uh that was a
shame we rallied the community we were
able to raise money to actually replace
this guy's door but from then on it was
just kind of like all right this is
serious like I really can't go anywhere
you know i can't I can't go and appear
somewhere because these guys have so
rallied up crazy people against me that
it's unsafe
eventually I talked to DC Comics about
this they didn't know what to do they
kept saying things like remove your
social media I mean maybe disappear and
I kind of said well my social media is
my sword in my shield
you know I can't just disappear and I
don't think that they're gonna stop ever
so I said I'm going to leave at the end
of my contract I asked how many more
issues I owed them I owed them five I
quit after four they let me out and it
was like free-falling I've been there
for 20 years I've been there for 20
years and I've been chased out by people
maniacs crazy people who were lying
about me and this was all over comic
books I just want to underscore this
this is about comics you know what I
mean it's like and the whole time this
is happening I'm like this is an
incredibly high price to pay for the
privilege of having work in comic books
you know what I mean yeah in a dying
industry so what do you what are you
doing now what are you doing instead
well you know I kind of got my act
together and just said um they started
to call all this rebellion this uprising
of it's a consumer revolt against far
left-wingers ruining the comic book
industry and they are comics are down
10% last year in sales this year down
6.5 percent
I mean comic sales are in freefall
stores are closing left and right now if
comic stores closed there's nowhere to
go Marvel and DC have an exclusive
distributing agreement with diamond
distributing it's they have to they're
only selling they're only located in
these brick-and-mortar comic shops the
last of the newsstands died in August of
2017 there's no more newsstand you know
picking up a comic book at the newsstand
so as these brick-and-mortar local comic
shop retailers go out of business
50 of them last year I don't know how
many this year but a friend of mine who
is a publisher had a list of 100 comic
shops there are 2,000 or so in the
United States a hundred comic shop said
he was calling up and as he was calling
these comic shops to invite them to
purchase his books uh he realized 15 of
them had gone out of businesses here 15
out of the 100 this is terrifying I mean
this is absolutely terrifying and in the
meantime while this is all happening
we've got sjw's accusing right-wingers
of being abusive of being hateful of
being Nazis in comics if you do not like
what they're doing if you do not like
the fact that women are no longer
allowed to look sexy in comics they're
just not allowed to look sexy anymore
and I know that for a fact because you
know I've been told you know I drew a
woman with her top zip down one time a
superhero and I was told to zip that up
by editorial you know I mean it used to
be that comics were about kind of sexy
women
handsome tough men fighting monsters
smoking cigarettes doing stuff that your
mom didn't approve of but I'm supposed
to read them under the blankets at night
you were supposed to hide the fact that
you like comic books now they become so
PC that nobody's buying them they become
PC and they become vehicles for far
left-wing propaganda so now yes so this
is what I'm on a tie right now so this
is what comics gate is comics gate is me
and a bunch of other comic book creators
who have abandoned the mainstream and
we've stood up and said we're gonna do
this on our own we're gonna defy you
guys we don't need you we don't need
your comic shops all we need is our
group of fans all we need is the market
out there the audience that would buy
these comic books if they weren't so
repellant and we can market them through
our social media we can market them by
going on YouTube to market them by going
on Twitter we can use crowdfunding and
then we can distribute them by hand I
mean virtually by hand we can mail these
things we can use fulfillment services
and skip over all of the harassment that
these sjw's do because they do they
actually call comic shops and say if you
stock these right-wing comics you know
we're gonna harass you we're gonna tell
other people not to support you so I'm
running out of time tell people where
they can get your stuff now
all right listen crowdfunded a book
called cyber frog blood honey we raised
five hundred and thirty eight thousand
dollars Wow Wow you month uh alarm bells
are going off everywhere this is a big
deal comics gate is the future of comics
you can get you can go to IndieGoGo and
find cyber frog blood honey and you can
find many other awesome comic skate
books as well support these comics comic
books are important it is American as
jazz it is an American art form uniquely
American and we can't allow it to die
absolutely great story I wish you
success I will talk to you again and if
you come out to LA I will get her wits
to buy us a drink it's on him absolutely
thanks very much it was great talking to
Ethan Van Sciver now stuff I like
okay that was from Justin Whittaker hunt
him down and Pelt him with water
balloons and the terror I watched this
10 episode show the terror which is
based on the novel by Dan Simmons and I
was talking about it when we had the
conversation with Glenn Beck because it
is it was animate it was originally
originally a British show and then was
put up here on AMC and now it's
available on Netflix the discs I got on
the destroyit must be on Amazon Prime it
is so well done it what it is is a
fictionalized account of an actual
journey captain Sir John Franklin's Lost
expedition of the HMS Erebus and the HMS
terror to the Arctic in search of the
Northwest Passage this in 1845 to 1848
and if there was starvation illness
mutiny all these terrible things and it
just tells that story but it adds a
horror element it adds a kind of monster
movie element to it it has got
unbelievable production value is just
the credits alone are worth watching
that cast is fantastic Jared Harris
Jared Harris a wonderful actor he you've
seen him on Mad Men he plays King George
in the crown King George the sixth in
the crown and he's on some he's on
fringe
she was on fringe yeah the terror it is
absolutely riveting it's grim and it's
it's tough to watch so if you're not
into that it is a horror thing they've
actually renewed the what is now going
to be a series called the terror it's
going to be horror stories that seem to
be kind of based in in history
so they're gonna have a second series I
think the second series is gonna deal
with the internment of the Japanese so
if they're very interesting idea very
interesting thing to do but this one was
just terrific made me want to read Dan
Simon's novel which he's a really good
writer I really like him all right
that's it I'm sorry to dump you in this
clay it's gonna be a tough Clavin this
weekend we're gonna see whether the GOP
has a spine it's never happened before
but you just never know you never know
it's gonna be a tough Cleveland this
weekend but survivors will gather here
on Monday
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Andrew Clavin show is
produced by Robert Sterling executive
producer Jeremy boring senior producer
Jonathan hey our supervising producer is
Mathis Glover technical producer Austin
Stevens edited by Alex zingaro audio is
mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is
by Jesuit Vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
