well the long Clavin dless week of
Clavin lyst Clavin lessness is finally
over people around the world spent the
weekend celebrating by attending church
services eating chocolate eggs and
gathering with family for prayers of
thanksgiving although to be honest that
may have just been a coincidence but
while I spent the week far away in
England where the happy barefoot
carefree natives speak a language
Americans can't understand namely
English I did manage to keep up with
world events by reading various American
new sites so to begin this festive
Clavin tide allow me to present a
roundup of the week's news as described
on these sites after a poison gas attack
in Syria Ivanka Trump apparently got
very upset and demanded that daddy bomb
someone right this minute president
Trump who could never deny his daughter
anything because she's just so hot
unleashed a devastating aerial attack on
either Syria or Iraq or Steve Bannon he
always gets those three confused North
Korean dictator Kim jong-un responded
for some reason by detonating a nuclear
device that blew in this into the
kitchen the country where he spent the
next three days eating a particularly
succulent chopped chive pork with potato
noodles at this point presidential
spokesman Sean Spicer mistakenly
announced that Adolf Hitler never used
poison gas against his own citizens when
in fact poison gas was kind of a thing
with Hitler causing many high ranking
Nazis to remark that Hitler always mr.
poison gas spicer quickly issued an
apology which read in full quote shut up
or I'll punch you repeatedly in the face
unquote Nancy Pelosi then demanded spice
resigned saying quote if we allow public
officials to say such amazingly stupid
things before you know it I'll be in
Congress unquote spicer responded by
placing Pelosi's head in a vise and
tightening it until the top of her skull
blew off revealing a jack-in-the-box
clown where most people keep their
brains in the aftermath Steve benen was
fired according to an anonymous source
who once drove by the White House and
said it looked like the sort of place in
which Bannon had been fired Trump next
unleashed an attack on Afghanistan or
some place by dropping something called
the mother of all bombs or the Mamba
armed with a mama bomba bomba ban by
ritchie valens leftist were outraged
saying the bomb was so expensive that
the money should have been used to build
shelters for all the little bombs who
are now motherless trump supporters were
also angry because they had wanted the
trump administration to stay out of
foreign wars until the war's
metastasized into worldwide disasters
that would engulf the earth in flames
when told that was actually the obama
administration's policy the trump
supporters descended on berkeley to
punch left-wing fascists so the day
wouldn't be a total loss Kim jong-un
responded to the Berkeley riots by
unleashing in an attack that destroyed
the entire known universe in the hellish
radioactive aftermath Steve benen was
fired then returned to work so basically
a pretty normal Clavin last week trigger
warning I'm Andrew Klavan and this at
last is the Andrew Clavin show
