on Thursday afternoon New York Mayor
Bill DeBlasio who is a certifiable moron
tweeted about the wonders of the left's
favorite new New York icon the bronze
statue of a fearless girl who stands in
defiance of the even more famous statue
on Wall Street bull de Blasio tweeted
quote unlike the charging bull which has
become a symbol of wall street fearless
girl is be a beacon for the fight
against injustice here are a few things
you need to know 1 the fearless girl
statue is funded by a hedge fund State
Street Global Advisors is behind the
sculpture State Street Global Advisors
manages 2.5 trillion dollars in assets
the notion that it funded a statue to
rail against capitalism is idiotic
State Street isn't just representative
of Wall Street it invests in Wall Street
on the most general level by putting all
money into funds that track the
performance of the indices as Wall
Street goes so too does fearless girl to
the hedge fund has few female executives
State Street Global Advisors has 28 high
level executives according to the New
York Daily News 5 are female total 3
employment to New York relies heavily on
Wall Street according to the New York
Federal Reserve the financial services
sector represented 35% of all paid
income in the city of New York as of
2000 and more than 1 in 10 people
employed in New York City were employed
on Wall Street the fearless girl statue
is a bit of stupid virtue signaling by a
firm looking for some good publicity de
Blasio has embraced it because he is a
stupid man but here is what de Blasio
should understand if the bull actually
walks away from New York and The
Fearless girl remains the bull is gonna
be like all the jobs it'll just be going
on in the distance I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
uh people on the left like de Blasio are
so stupid but it doesn't matter I love
that they are obsessed with this statue
that was put up by a hedge fund because
they think that it's against hedge funds
because stupid well let's talk about
that we'll also talk about I have a
theory I'm developing at the area of
what exactly Trump is doing in foreign
policy which is good because no one
really has a theory as to what is going
on there there are multiple working
theories but we will discuss them I
think it's a theory that will make no
one happy and yet everyone happy just
like most of the things that I say but
we'll get to that in just a second first
I want to say thank you to our
advertisers over at Mack Weldon so if
you are in search of the best underwear
the best sweatshirts the best socks and
hoodies and sweatpants you need to go
over to map Weldon calm em ACK wel do
and Mack Weldon dot-com I'm wearing Mac
well tan underwear right now and they
are spectacular
the underwear are just terrific and they
actually have a line of silver underwear
and shirts that are anti macro microbial
they're naturally antimicrobial so they
don't stink as much as your other
clothes which is exactly what you would
like and they are SuperDuper comfortable
they also hold up really well over time
so I've been wearing em you know Mac
Walden underwear for months at this
point not that I change them nightly
guys but I do but they you know they've
gone through the wash a bunch of times
they don't fall apart they are really
really durable they remain just as
comfortable as the first time I put them
on and their clothes are just first-rate
Mac Weldon com use that promo code
Shapiro and you get 20% off your first
order use the promo code Shapiro at Mac
Weldon dot-com and they look good when
you go out they look good when you're in
and they are the most comfortable
clothes I own Mac Weldon com promo code
Shapiro get 20% off your first order
again this promo code Shapiro at math
Weldon comm for 20% off your first order
okay well we have a lot coming up on the
show today we have the mailbag that's
coming up at the end of the show which
is why you need to subscribe if you
subscribe you can be part of the mailbag
but don't worry I'll make that pitch
later also we are going to be having we
are going to be having a guest on his
name is Fadi al Cudi he is a Middle East
and northern Africa human rights
advocate and he wants to talk to him
because he thinks that the United States
has an obligation to take in Syrian
refugees if we're going to bomb Assad
and I would like to have that discussion
with him so that I look forward
do that but free we begin today with the
big news there are two pieces of big
military news big piece of military news
number one is that Trump is now
threatening North Korea it's unclear
what the threat actually is we move the
u.s. naval carrier and aircraft carrier
into the waters off North Korea and
there's been rumors that we were going
to preemptively hit them if they were
going to drop some sort of nuclear test
that seems to me wild rumor the Trump
administration is basically denied it
because that could precipitate World War
3 what folks need to understand about
North Korea's that North Korea has like
20,000 20,000 missiles that are aimed
twenty thousand rockets that are aimed
directly at Seoul in South Korea and
there are 10 million people who live in
Seoul so if something should go wrong in
North Korea
then Seoul is immediately under severe
attack and probably hundreds of
thousands of people die so it's very
important that we handle this whole
thing very carefully the other you know
the other sort of response has been that
that the United States is gonna take
some sort of retaliatory strike against
the North Koreans if they should test a
nuclear weapon and to demonstrate that
we're not going to stand for this kind
of stuff anymore you know I think that
kim jeong-hoon has enough wherewithal to
understand that if he goes to war with
us the will wipe him off the map and in
five seconds flat and he would like to
preserve his rule obviously so you know
I think that his kind of crazy act I'm
gonna act crazy so that people leave me
alone I don't think that that's going to
work very much longer because people
understand he wants to stay in power
he's not going to launch a preemptive
war on the United States that finishes
him completely that would be a foolish
move in the extreme and he's foolish and
buddies but he's rational he's foolish
but rational the Chinese are now
applying pressure to North Korea they're
saying that they're going to cut off a
lot of their oil exports to North Korea
if North Korea tries to test a nuclear
bomb so good on the Trump administration
for pushing on that the other piece of
big news yesterday was that the US
military in Afghanistan dropped what is
known as the mother of all bombs first
of all I think that all bombs should
have nicknames and so I think this is
awesome it's called the mother of all
bombs apparently Russia has something
they like to call the father of all
bombs so if you ever got them together
they'd make lots of little bombs would
be really cute but the mother of all
bombs is is apparently a massive massive
piece of ordnance it's like 11 tons of
TNT it has a blast radius of up to a
mile and so we dropped it in the mid
of nowhere Afghanistan and we killed 36
Isis fighters we took out a bunch of
their tunnel systems we took out a bunch
of their ordnance all of that is good
and here is Donald Trump praising the
use of Moab take some pictures okay
thank you all very much
another really another successful job
we're very very proud of our military
just like we're proud of the folks in
this room we are so proud of our
military and it was another successful
event did you authorize it everybody
knows exactly what happened so and what
I do is I authorized by military we have
the greatest military in the world and
they've done a job as usual so we have
given them total authorization and
that's what they're doing and frankly
that's why they've been so successful
lately if you look at what's happened
over the last eight weeks and compare
that's what really - what's happened
over the last eight years you'll see
this a tremendous difference tremendous
difference so we have incredible leaders
in the military and we have incredible
military and we are very proud of them
and this was another very very
successful mission so this is this is
good Trump when Trump says this sort of
stuff it makes people in the military
feel good it heightens morale this
actually was in the works since the
Obama administration so for months
they've been considering whether to use
the Moab every time I think of Moab I
also think of a moan and Jebusites and
all the other biblical tribes but the
the use of the Moab was not something
that the Trump initiated it was
something where the Defense Department
came to him and they said can we use
this thing are you okay with that we'd
like to and he said sure go for it and
that's the difference between Trump and
Obama you know Obama had to agonize for
apparently days and days and days about
whether to go get bin Laden I don't
think that's something that Trump would
organize over very much and that's
something that is obviously a very good
thing Charles Krauthammer came out he
says look Trump is returning America and
world leadership obviously he's willing
to be aggressive in his use of military
force well we don't really know what the
Trump doctor is yet but he's winning
isn't he yes I welcome this I'm not in
America first er I thought it was a
mistake to anunciador a doctrine in the
inaugural
which is we're coming home it scared
that the jeebies out of our allies in
NATO what are you talking about being
obsolete it scared them in the Middle
East the Gulf Arabs were scared to death
I think this is reassuring that we are
returning to the classic American
definition where we include our allies
and your most important we accept world
leadership in a way that had not been
accepted to by Obama and seem to be not
accepted by Trump the candidate well
this is what's confusing is all held to
a lot of the Trump supporters and we'll
get to that in just a minute Chris
Wallace says that what's very clear here
is the Trump has been basically
humiliating Obama by being as quick as
he is to use military force when called
for and this is a president in sending a
message that he's as opposed to Barack
Obama willing to project and very
comfortable projecting the use of US
force anywhere he feels is necessary and
as again as I say I think that Donald
Trump has shown a willingness to project
American force what less than a hundred
days into office that we certainly
didn't see with Barack Obama who the
Trump administration openly dismisses as
paralysis through analysis okay so you
know all of this is is sort of I think a
little bit a little bit early not just
because you know not because I think
from his wrong in doing what he's doing
I think he's exactly right in doing what
he's doing but I think people are trying
to graft an ideology onto Trump that he
may not hold and it's a little bit
premature but I'll discuss that in just
a minute first I want to bring on our
special guest today Fadi Alcott II is a
Middle East and northern Africa human
rights advocate and he's written about
what he thinks the United States ought
to do with regard to Syria and and what
the United States has an obligation to
do with regard to Syrian refugees mr.
Olcott II thanks so much for joining the
Ben Shapiro show thank you for having so
you write that we salute you have a
statement in which you say we salute
those that oppose discriminating against
refugees or discriminating against
individuals because of their race or
religion you think that the Trump
administration is making a huge mistake
by not allowing in refugees you also are
not in favor of Trump strikes in Syria
so let's start with from Stratos Trump
strikes in Syria you say that the
president Trump strikes in Syria violate
International Wine you say
accountability is the answer what sort
of accountability are you talking about
if nobody's actually holding Assad to
account well that's exactly has been
that problem for the past six years
whether the previous former American
administration was part of the problem
or the solution is not really nation but
there was never being a discussion a
conversation and international
conversation about how to bring asset
and everyone else who has committed
atrocities in this particular conflict
so I I mean to me it's just seemed that
there is a sort of a missing missing
connection here mr. Trump's I mean
during the presidential campaign he has
been sort of I mean I'm going to say it
he has been demonizing you know the the
refugee population specifically you know
those refugees coming from countries
with a Muslim majority and the citizens
are the same it did seem to me that
there is a sort of an inconsistent
policy in terms of you know dealing you
know with sending you know missiles to
hit us up but at the same time not
finding the linkage to this to this
problem the problem is that these
refugees really fled a country that is
has been seeing atrocities and massacres
over the past six years and if you
denied that if you fundamentally denied
that you just you don't have an excuse
to send these missiles to punish a
dictator or or a brutal brutal governor
so yeah so I want to I want to ask you a
question about this because this has
been an a contention made by a lot of
people that it's fundamentally
inconsistent as you say for the Trump
administration to fire missiles at an
air base in Syria well also banning
Muslim refugees from Syria into the
United States but isn't it true that I
mean there are 50-plus Muslim countries
all around the world that have the
capacity to take in refugees turkey
obviously has taken in well over a
million Syrian refugees
why do you think that it's the
obligation of Western countries like the
United States or countries in Europe to
take in Syrian refugees who it's I mean
let's let's face it it's impossible to
vet their backgrounds because the
government has no records and we can't
trust the government anyway now we don't
know who who's coming in there have been
serious issues with with crime and some
instances of terrorism in Europe due to
refugees not necessarily from Syria but
from places like Libya
you know why does the West have an
obligation to take in everybody or does
the West have an obligation to take in
everybody on earth who is in some sort
of dire human rights Strait when an
alternative might be available in terms
of Muslim countries taking in these
folks everybody has a responsibility to
take in refugees if they can and if
they're willing and I mean I live in a
country we're talking about you know
from from Jordan who has also is a
neighboring country to Syria and has
taken you know approximately a million
and a half Lebanon is another
neighboring country which has taken more
than it actually takes turkey has taken
so much refugees in the past few years
so in the sense of the responsibility is
everyone's responsibility and the
problem about the neighboring countries
is you just they're they have been
really flooded the structure cannot sort
of absorb extended you know waves of
refugees and it's just the matter of
fact that we cannot sustain and I think
this is the key word we cannot sustain
the neighboring countries to keep on
receiving more refugees or else or
otherwise they will collapse and we
don't want them to collapse and there
comes the sort of like the issue of
Europe and the United States and Canada
and everyone else you have a very true
point about why other Muslim countries
like Saudi the II have not really
mobilized you know these you know have
not provided access to these refugees in
the past but let's
just face it they are also on the some
of these Gulf countries are on the
forefront of providing substantial
financial aid to a UN agency that is
providing aid to these to these
reference range is by the way banned
which is by the way another problem that
mr. Trump is is facing in terms of this
inconsistency well now we're talking
about helping the Syrians and
recognizing that a massacre has happened
and something needs to happen but at the
same time he cuts aid to the World Food
Program Agency which basically provides
food about increasing it pretty
dramatically for refugee program
specifically Syrian refugee programs in
the area by sponsoring refugee camps in
places like Turkey you know one of the
questions that I have here is that you
say that every country has sort of an
equal obligation to take in refugees in
human rights situations obviously that
has not been true historically obviously
you know to take a to take an easy
example the Palestinian refugee crisis
has been on has been on the hook for 70
years Plus and Jordan took in many
Palestinian refugees and then pushed
them out to Lebanon Lebanon pushed out
those Palestinian refugees to Tunis so
the the the the issue of refugee the the
problem that I have here with with a lot
of the talk about who should take in
refugees is it assumes that all cultures
are equally malleable and assimilate
easily easily to the cultures that are
supposed to take them in it seems to me
that it should be easier for Jordan to
absorb refugees from Syria than it would
be for France to absorb refugees from
Syria given cultural differences which
do make a difference in terms of how
people have grown up what what form of
Islam people practice because in all
forms of Islam are equally peaceful you
know the idea that you have to take in a
refugee in order to oppose the slaughter
of civilians I don't think that that's I
don't see how that follows in other
words why would why is it bad that Trump
is trying to bomb Assad and stop aside
from committing gas attacks if Trump
doesn't take in Syrian refugees it
doesn't seem like there's a connection
between the two you may think that he's
wrong not to take in Syrian refugees but
why is it now bad for him to bomb the
airfield from which Assad is launching
gas attacks well let's put it this way
within the issue about sort of you know
the global response
to sort of protect those who flee
atrocities you know I just I don't think
it's just a moral issue and I and I'm
not quite sure that it is sort of you
know the issue about cultural
differences can substantiate the issue
of of the needs of protection we have
also to recognize that in some what you
just said or refer to as culture there
may not be an adequate sort of structure
to provide protection to these to those
people who are fleeing massacres and
atrocities and I sort of think the
neighboring countries have sort of grown
to a point where they can no longer
provide such such protection so I think
that the main difference here is that
some countries some cultures as you
referred have more sort of advanced more
of substantiating structures that evade
you know that makes them capable of
providing such protection the other
point I think is that when we talk about
you know mr. Trump's administration sort
of sending these messes to punish
tacitly
the action do not punish asset I think
what we need from mr. Trump is a sort of
a clear policy on accountability and you
know what we refer to as being
accountability is just to find sort of a
venue an international venue to
prosecute those waters possible for
granted this could start you know Russia
Russia would never stand for that
obviously and that's one of the big
problems here in the international
community is the unilateral action
becomes necessary when there are
international actors who won't cooperate
in all of this but thank you for your
time I really do appreciate the
perspective that this father y'all Cuddy
he's a Middle East and northern Africa
human rights advocate thank you so much
appreciate all the way from Jordan thank
you thank you okay so back to what's
going on with regard to the the Trump
administration policy here so obviously
Trump has been very militaristic his use
of moap his use of the his his
militarism with regard to Assad so what
exactly is going on here so I have a
working theory that I'm going to tell
you about but first I have to say thank
you to our sponsors over at stamps.com
if you are in need of postage and you
are if you run a business
then stamps comm is the best way to do
it you go to stamps comm you can print
right out on your desk all the postage
that you need you can stick it on an
envelope you can put it on a sticker and
then take that sticker and stick it on
an envelope you can you can have a
digital scale they'll ship you a free
digital scale right now when you go over
to stamps comm and click on the
microphone at the top of the page and
type in that promo code Shapiro stamps
comm promo code Shapiro you don't have
to go to the post-office and stand in
line ever again if you go to stamps comm
right now if you go there then you get a
four week trial including free postage
and a digital scale if you go to stamps
comm go to that upper corner click on
the microphone and type in Shapiro and
you get that deal again you know one of
the most annoying things in life is
having to stand in line at the post
office and and wait for those stamps so
you don't have to do that anymore plus
again that digital scale means you can
weigh everything right there on your
desk okay so here is my theory about
what's going on with the Trump
administration foreign policy there are
two theories that are that are been put
out there theory number one is the
theory that President Trump is basically
being co-opted by all of the evil neo
cons in the administration that it's
basically Reince Priebus and it's it's
general mattis and it's all these
members of the administration who are
neo cons nikki Haley all of the
interventionist the globalist cocks who
are taking advantage of President Trump
and president Trump is basically being
led astray by these people this has been
the the line that's been taken by people
like Ann Coulter who is never willing to
take Trump on directly but instead will
sort of blame his action on the people
who surround him so the theory number
one is that Trump is being co-opted by
the establishment here's Ann Coulter
basically expressing that theory and for
that reason reason over the world
Assad is one of the the better leaders
they're probably only one or two that
are better than he he's not even like a
Saddam Hussein murderous thug he helped
us after 9/11 giving us intelligence
it's a very strange thing we've done
here and I feel like it is such a
departure from what Trump said on the
campaign trail and he's in 2013 on his
Twitter feed right okay and and so she's
sort of saying it's a departure and
Roger stone who's sort of this
conspiracy minded guy who worked closely
with Trump he says that that Trump is
being co-opted and Steve Bannon is
basically being attacked by all of the
neocon globalist Cox vana Knight Wow
friend of your friend of his and you I
think share a little bit more of his
ideology than perhaps that would be
Pfister Kushner or mr. Priebus if he's
getting elbowed out what does that tell
you well it tells me a couple things
first of all I think Steve made an error
by not spending any of his political
capital to bring other Trump bites and
non globalists into the White House
circle so now he didn't do a good job
staff in the White House he's alone
right Reince Priebus and Jared Kushner
did yes and so therefore now he's alone
and he's surrounded
I think unfairly perhaps he takes the
rap for the fiasco surrounding health
care maybe rights should be wearing a
bit more of that the travel ban is also
probably counting against him although I
would argue that in Donald Trump's case
he only suffers politically not when
he's defeated but when he stops trying
ok so again the idea is that Bannon has
been surrounded by this cabal and
they're taking advantage of Trump
so that's theory number one is the Trump
is being co-opted by this evil cabal
it's not Trump's fault he's just being
co-opted by this evil cabal theory
number two is is a little bit different
theory number two is that Donald Trump
basically just react that something
happens and Donald Trump reacts and
there is no plan and he's just acting
how Donald Trump has always acted which
is he reacts to the news that's on TV
and there's a fair bit of evidence to
support this basic case here's Sean
Spicer saying the basically Eric Trump
and Ivanka Trump pushed Trump into
reacting to the gas attack in Syria
there is no question that Ivanka and
others weighed into him as you know it
was asked earlier Hallie asked it that
when he himself saw images he was very
very moved and I think Ivanka and others
frankly I don't think that there's many
humans that came into contact with the
president during that window of time
that said did you see those images on
television so I don't you know I think
there was a widespread
acknowledgment that the images and the
actions that have been taken were
horrific and required action okay so you
know the story is that apparently Ivanka
came to Trump and she said it's really
bad what's happening in Syria he said
great let's bomb it that's basically how
the story went and then here is Trump
describing the moment that he chose to
make the decision to fire the missiles
at Assad in Syria I was sitting at the
table we had finished dinner we're now
having dessert and we had the most
beautiful piece of chocolate cake that
you've ever seen and President Xi was
enjoying it
and I was given the message from the
generals that the ships are locked and
loaded what do you do and we made a
determination to do so the missiles were
on the way does that seem like someone
with a worldview are sitting there
eating a piece of the most beautiful
chocolate cake let me tell you this
chocolate cake was just big-league big
league chocolate cake and the president
China loved it loved el u v e y loved I
mean it does this sound like somebody
with a plan so I guess the the second
theory here is that trumps are sort of
lashes out here is my theory my theory
is that both are true
basically Trump reacts to a certain
thing and then Trump responds to the
applause based on that reaction so if he
reacts it followed the follow the course
of his campaign basically he leads off
his campaign by talking about Mexican
immigrants coming across the border and
committing crimes and a certain cadre of
people cheer and love it and they think
it's just great how at least Trump is
saying this sort of thing and Trump
responds to them and he panders to their
applause because Trump is motivated by
one thing and one thing mostly and that
is love of Trump if you love Trump you
are great right Trump has said this
about in interviews about Vladimir Putin
Putin likes me
that means he's okay right this has been
Trump's sort of theory his working
theory of the world for seventy years if
you like Trump that makes you good if
you don't like Trump that makes you bad
so something happens like a gas attack
in Syria Trump responds because Ivanka
says it's bad he says okay let's fire
some missiles and then who's gonna
respond positively to that well it's not
going to be all of the people who backed
him so I'm going to be on the alt-right
group it's not going to be the isolate
BiPAP you cannon it's gonna be all of
the more interventionist hawkish people
on foreign policy those people will
cheer him and so then he falls into
their thrall because he starts pandering
to their applause now Ivanka and Jared
are leading the crew instead of Bannon
so Bannon was leading the crew when
everybody was applauding him for his
trillion dollar infrastructure package
and for his talk about how he was gonna
put up tariffs that was bandhans doing
and so Bannon was the guy applauding the
loudest and out twin Trump was friends
with him
now Bannon doesn't like what he just did
in terms of reaction when so now he's
fallen under the sway of Ivanka and
Jared at least up to the point where he
does something about Kendra and Jared
don't like and then he turns on them in
favor of another ideology now what does
that mean for the future of the Trump
administration we'll talk about that in
just a second but for that you have to
go to daily wire comm and become a
subscriber $8 a month makes you a
subscriber over at daily wire comm we do
have a live mailbag today we are doing a
special Friday mailbag here on ben
shapiro show you can be part of it you
can send your questions in live right
now if you subscribe move really fast go
there and if you get an annual
subscription you get a free copy of the
arroyo fictional border film set
obviously on the southern border by
jeremy boring all about the it's it's
it's about a rancher who's trying to
defend his land against the encroachment
of drug cartels into his land really
really good action flick and you can go
check it out over at Daley wire.com
getting the annual subscription plus
make sure you go over to iTunes or
SoundCloud and subscribe and then leave
us a review we always appreciate we are
the largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
