on Tuesday some dude named Christian de
Lyonne wrote a column for the New York
Post that became the Internet outrage -
sure the column titled why I won't date
hot women anymore made the case that
outrageously beautiful women are shallow
and vapid and that the same is true for
men and also implied that non
supermodels who are merely beautiful are
better pick the column begins with the
story of Dan Rakhine a private equity
douchebag says quote when it came to
dating in New York is a 30-something
executive in private equity dan rockin
had no problem snagging the masts it
ease most beautiful women I could have
had anyone I wanted says rockin now
forty in an Upper West Sider with a
muscular build and a full head of hair
by the way dudes kind of weird-looking I
met some really nice people but
realistically I went for the hottest
girl you could find
he spent the better part of his 30s
going on up to three dates a week
courting twenty-something blonde models
but eventually realized that dating the
prettiest young things had its drawbacks
he found them flighty selfish and vapid
beautiful women who get a fair amount of
attention get full of themselves he says
eventually I was dreading getting dinner
with them because they couldn't carry a
conversation so how did Raj Ken's who
clearly prioritized physical beauty /
intelligence kindness and decency solve
this little problem
he stopped dating supermodels quote
looking to avoid such a fate rockin
started dating a woman who isn't a
bikini model Carly spindle in January
2015 the two are now happily engaged the
two met after spindell's mother
matchmaker janice spindle scouted rock
into the gym I gave him my card and I
said I have the perfect girl for him
recalls janice founder of serious
matchmaking based in midtown successful
men who are in shape have the pickings
when it comes to dating
but eventually they want a woman of
substance there are a few problems here
first off spindle is extremely
good-looking perhaps the problem here
isn't level of beauty but the fact that
women who generally go into bikini
modeling may not on average have the
same intellectual aspirations as women
who become doctors in other words the
supposed brains Beauty disconnect may
not actually be a brains Beauty
disconnect at all but rather a bikini
model brains disconnect people who spend
their entire lives getting ready to get
mostly naked on a beach somewhere may
not be people who are concerned with
reading up to up on the latest economic
developments in The Wall Street Journal
but according to the lion nobody should
say beautiful people at all if they want
a stable relationship quote according to
new research Raj chicken's idea about
sexy bikini babes are correct a
multi-part study from Harvard University
University of Laverne and Santa Clara
University researchers found that
beautiful people are more likely to be
involved in unstable relationships in
one part the researchers looked at the
top 20 actresses on
IMDB and found that they tend to have
rocky marriages and another women were
asked to judge the attractiveness of 238
men based on their high school yearbook
photos from 30 years ago the men who are
judged to be the best-looking had higher
rates of divorce this is ridiculous
both of these studies are flawed maybe
the problem with actresses isn't that
they're beautiful it's that they are
actresses and maybe the good-looking
guys in high school were treated like
gods and just turned into rock and the
answer to shallowness isn't more
shallowness actually the reaction about
dating experiences with beautiful people
isn't dating non beautiful people
necessarily it's to hold physical beauty
as one portion of the dating calculus
but not the whole equation
my wife is gorgeous but she's
particularly gorgeous to me because
she's a beautiful person not just
because she has a beautiful body she has
terrific values a great sense of humor
ambition and drive she's brilliant and
fun a terrific mother and a profoundly
good human being
I was looking specifically for all of
those things when I was dating we've
been married for nearly a decade and
when we're both old and wrinkly I'll
still be in love with her she'll still
be beautiful to me even when are the
youth fades now to be fair Rajan seems
to have discovered that he now
recognizes that yes Beauty has a large
physical component but there's beauty
and personality brains and values that's
why people stay married even after they
get old and wrinkly rather than
upgrading for the newer model here's Raj
Caen quote she is a softer Beauty
someone you can take home and cuddle
with and she's very elegant Raj Caen
says and she's 5 foot 2 so she can't be
a runway model but I think she's really
beautiful and it's prettier than anyone
I've dated
sadly Raj khun's douchiness isn't going
away anytime soon he says there's
something to be said about selling your
Wild Oats and getting them out of your
system so Suraj chickens will marry
Carly in June at a Tuscan romantic
ceremony at the Wolfert estate vineyard
in the Hamptons but he doesn't regret
his past you don't want to be the first
to leave the party but you don't want to
leave the party too late either he says
Carly came at exactly the right time in
other words use beautiful the cello
women then dump them by the side of the
road later when you're getting older and
ready to settle down in both looks and
character Department rock end is
obviously no catch I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
all righty so I don't know why people
are talking to me from behind the camera
right as this is the sounder happens but
there are some women in the office who
are obviously interested in this topic
so we'll have to have that discussion
after the show not right now guys come
on okay so before we get into the news
today and there's lots of news Trump is
flipping on a bunch of issues and we'll
talk about whether that is good or bad
and what exactly that reflects about
Trump is this the new presidency or is
this just more ideological incoherence
we'll talk about all of that we will
also talk about the Sean Spicer thing
because everybody's going nuts because
Sean Spicer said something really dumb
about the Holocaust yesterday let me
just say very briefly Barack Obama
helped forward in actual Holocaust in
both Syria and then also in Iran an anti
Jewish regime that wants to murder every
Jew on the planet and he helps give them
nuclear weapons the media were complicit
in that but they're really pissed
because Sean Spicer said something
really dumb about the Holocaust but
we'll talk about all that in just a
minute first I want to say thank you to
our advertisers are over at wink so if
you are one of the people who read that
column about the the dude who doesn't
want to date beautiful women anymore and
it just makes you want to drink then try
winked calm this is for you if you if
you are going over to somebody's house
for dinner and you don't know anything
about line if you're like me and wine
you just think is fermented grape juice
and you leave some kind of in the fridge
and that turns into wine and then you
bring it over to a friend's house and
they say what in the world are you doing
then you need to go over to try wink
calm winc calm slash men because they
will tell you what kind of wine is good
what a pair is with and the way that
this works is you go on their website
and you take a survey as to what tastes
you like what takes you like together
and then they recommend a bottle of wine
for you that bottles and wine are really
affordable and ten bucks apiece and they
will give you $20 off plus complimentary
shipping at try winked calm slash Ben
folks around the office have tried the
wine apparently they got into the wine
stash this morning which is why they're
talking to me during the commercials but
in any case try winked calm slash Ben is
the place to go the wine is apparently
really really good and again they will
help you pick the best bottle of wine if
you don't know anything about wine like
me then this is the best place to find
out what they'll tell you what wine you
need to bring so you don't look like a
doofus and the wine is really really
good and affordable again tri wink calm
winc calm slash Ben $20 off plus
complimentary shipping ok so
a lot going on in the last two days
apparently I leave for two days and
Donald's from turns into george w bush
which is weird
so he's flipped on an inordinate number
of issues in the last two days yesterday
he flipped on about six of them and
we're gonna go through some of the
issues upon which he flips now some of
these flips are good and so the question
that we have to ask is is this trump
maturing in office is this reality
slapping trump in the face and saying
you know a lot of your campaign rhetoric
was really nonsensical and now you're
gonna have to buckle down because the
reality is that the russians are in a
Farias force in the world and the
reality is the north korea is a
dangerous place and that not every
problem is a simple problem that a
businessman can solve just by wishing it
so is it that is Trump actually becoming
more mature or is he just responding to
opinion polls is he just responding to
events is he just trusting Ivanka and
Jared and are we going to get kind of an
incoherent presidency that bounces from
issue to issue and we don't know the
answer to that yet but let's look at
some of the flips because some of them
are actually quite good and I'm pleased
with them as a conservative so for
example yesterday here is what Trump
said about NATO I said it was obsolete
it's no longer obsolete it's my hope
that NATO will take on an increased role
in supporting our Iraqi partners in
their battle against Isis okay and just
to remind you throughout the entire
campaign throughout the entire campaign
you said NATO was obsolete that NATO
basically was done here's what he had to
say during the campaign justic NATO is
obsolete
it was 67 years or it's over 60 years
old
okay so NATO is absolutely okay NATO was
not obsolete it's not true now people
are in the Trump administration are
trying to play this like Trump changed
NATO and therefore it's not obsolete
absolutely nonsense
the only NATO action of the last 20
years was in invitation after 9/11 on
behalf of the United States for NATO
forces to go into Afghanistan so the
idea that it was obsolete and it was not
directed at terror is obviously not true
good for Trump for at least
acknowledging that that's a that's a
good shift in position it does
demonstrate that those of us who were
criticizing Trump during the campaign
for saying this sort of stupidity and
saying that it encouraged Vladimir
Putin's aggressiveness that Trump is now
beginning to recognize the truth of that
or at least he's going to flip on that
so that's a good flip okay here's
another good flip yesterday Trump said
that China is not a currency manipulator
okay now China is not a currency
manipulator they stopped several years
ago manipulating their currency and as
I've said many times even with China
inflates their currency that doesn't
actually do anything overall to the
American economy this is why the vitamin
Republic didn't just inflate itself into
prosperity this is why Venezuela didn't
inflate itself into prosperity this is
why Zimbabwe hasn't been able to inflate
itself into prosperity there's this
weird idea in international trade that
if we inflate our currency that somehow
we're going to be benefiting ourselves
because suddenly our products become
cheaper on the international market
right if we inflate our currency then
the the British Pound is worth more
American dollars and they can buy more
American products and therefore it helps
our export industry the problem is that
you inflate our currency you also make
our savings worthless and you make all
the products that we want to buy more
expensive see actually don't help your
economy overall when you inflate your
currency this is why a strong dollar is
generally weaker than is generally
better than a weak dollar so Trump had
said throughout the entire campaign that
China was stealing our jobs by inflating
currency not true and now yesterday he
came out and he said well not anymore if
you recall his website actually said
during the campaign quote we must stand
up to China's blackmail and reject
corporate America's manipulation of our
politician the US Treasurys designation
of China is a currency manipulator well
force Chinese to the negotiating table
and open the door to a fair and far
better trading relationship and just a
month ago a couple months ago he said to
China asked us if it was okay to devalue
our currency devalued their currency
making it hard for our companies to
compete yesterday in a Wall Street
Journal interview he said he was
reversing his position because China has
not manipulated their currency for
months and pushing the issue could hurt
us China relations he said I think our
dollar is getting too strong and
partially that's my fault because people
have confidence in me
basically I'm too awesome okay the
reality is the dollar is strong right
now because a lot of other countries are
having economic trouble and America's a
good investment and that's not just
about Trump that hour has been strong on
the international market for years where
it's not just Trump but good that Trump
flips on this because it's gonna been
real awkward for him to say China's
occurence manipulator when they have
been manipulating for quite a while
okay other flips that Trump is engaged
in so here's a flashback about Saddam
Hussein if you recall Trump didn't care
five minutes ago when evil Middle
Eastern dictators gasp their own people
here's what Trump said about it then
they start fighting again
then Saddam Hussein throws a little gas
everyone goes crazy oh excuse a gas they
go back forth it's the same okay so it's
not a big deal once and I'm through a
little gas and here's Donald Trump I'm
Bashar Assad yesterday with regard to
Bashar Assad using gas on his own people
there can't be a worse sight and it
shouldn't be allowed
that's a butcher that's a butcher so I
felt we had to do something about it
I have absolutely no doubt we did the
right thing okay so again it's good that
Trump is now recognizing the truth that
it is bad for dictators to use gas on
their own people and the the sort of the
sort of in a casual way in which he was
saying that doesn't matter if he gas her
own people was really silly to begin
with and people bought into that and
this is what I hate about sort of the
way our politics are done is that he
campaigns on the basis of a bunch of
silly things that he eventually reverses
because as president he realizes that
they're silly here's another one a month
ago on Bill O'Reilly program he said
about Vladimir Putin that Vladimir Putin
isn't that bad that Russia is not really
that big a problem the US has a lot of
killers remember this he said this on
Bill O'Reilly program I do respect him
but why
well I respected a lot of people but
that doesn't mean I'm gonna get along
with them Putin's a killer a lot of
killers get a lot of killers while you
think our country's so innocent do you
think our country's so innocent I don't
know of any government leaders that are
killers and take a look at what we've
done - we've made a lot of mistakes I've
been against the war in Iraq from the
beginning mistakes are different than a
lot of mistakes okay but a lot of people
were killed okay and then here is Donald
Trump again yesterday with regard to
Russia relations it would be wonderful
as we were discussing just a little
while ago if NATO and our country could
get along with Russia right now we're
not getting along with Russia at all we
may be at an all-time low in terms of
relationship with Russia this is built
for a long period of time but we're
going to see what happens
butin is the leader of Russia Russia is
a strong country we're a very very
strong country we're gonna see how that
all works out and then Trump tweeted
this morning that Russia and US
relations would work themselves out
because everybody would get together and
realize what's in their best interest
again that's a little bit of wishful
thinking on the part of Trump are all
these things a evidence that Trump is
growing into the job or just evidence
that he's responding to events based on
the information that's being given to
him and could he be flipped on these
things another example of Trump flippin
yesterday you recall all during the
election cycle he kept saying that he
wanted to be unpredictable he didn't
want to tell people in advance of
military operations that were gonna be
taking place and then of course he told
the Russians in advance that we're gonna
be firing cruise missiles at this at
this base he should he should have told
the Russians that we don't want to
escalate into a hot war based on us not
telling the Russians what's going on but
here is Trump back during the campaign
saying he wants to be unpredictable well
I'm gonna do what's right I want to be
unpredictable I'm not gonna tell you
right now what I'm gonna do man he's
kept saying that about foreign policy
and then yesterday he was asked about
what's he gonna do in Syria and then he
just spills out his plan on what he's
gonna do in Syria we're not going into
Syria because you know there were some
questions nikki Haley is doing a great
job
Rex is doing a fantastic job or
Secretary of State a general McMaster
fantastic but if you add it all up and
if they take every little word they'll
say oh they were different just so you
understand we're not going into Syria
but when I see people using horrible
horrible chemical weapons which they
agreed not to use under the Obama
administration but they violated it okay
and and so again the point here is not
just to say that he flips on things
because a lot of politicians flip on
things the point here is to say that he
seems to be flipping in a more practical
direction on a lot of these things now
there areas where he's flipping in a non
practical direction so he's now said
that he's in favor of the export-import
bank which is just a corporatist
nonsense thing he's flipping on some of
his tax policies which I don't think
it's a good thing but when it comes to
foreign policy he's flipping into a much
more realistic position with regards to
Russia he realizes now that Russia's in
a Farias force in the world
he's slipping into a more realistic
position on North Korea people were
laughing at this yesterday but I
actually didn't see what was so crazy
about it he was
apparently with the presidents of China
Xi Jinping and he and he apparently said
that that that ji had told him about
what was going on with North Korea and
he realized that it wasn't as simple as
just telling the Chinese to get rid of
kim jeong-hoon well people are laughing
at that like shouldn't have known that
already yeah I should have known that
already but he learns the machine learns
right that's a good thing the fact that
he is now realizing that new information
is changing his opinion that's a good
thing I don't think that's a bad thing
the problem here is that he doesn't have
any study principles so normally what
you'd want from a president is somebody
who has a set a set of principles upon
which he can rely and then the
information that he's given changes how
he reacts based on those principles the
problem with Trump is he doesn't
actually have a steady base of
principles and so we don't actually know
what his principles are so when he gets
new information it doesn't just shift
his approach it shifts his entire
worldview his worldview is shifting day
by day five minutes ago it was horrible
to to bomb a sovereign country if they
were using gas on their own people now
it's imperative that we bought him a
sovereign country if they use gas on
their own people five minutes ago it was
terrible that NATO was was sucking up
oxygen now it's great that NATO is out
there fighting the Russians five minutes
ago Vladimir Putin was wonderful that we
were gonna make a deal with and now
Vladimir Putin's in a furious force in
the world again it would've been better
if we had had all those positions up
front because then a lot of people
wouldn't feel cheated and I want to talk
about whether people who were Trump's
biggest supporters ought to feel cheated
in just a second but first I want to say
thank you to our friends over at tracker
comm so as I have said before you know
the tracker comm is where you go TR ACK
our comm promo code Ben you get a free
tracker Bravo what the tracker does is
you attach it to your phone and attach
it to your keys you put it in a wallet
and then you can use an app on your
phone to track down exactly where your
keys in your wallet are as I've said
before this helps me my marriage this is
one of the pet peeves that both my wife
has me and I have with her and that is
we lose stuff on an incredibly frequent
basis and the tracker has solved that
problem because now we both have the app
on her phone and if we lose our wallet
or our keys and we're trying to rush out
the door we just go to the app and we
and we set it up and then we search for
our phone and it immediately comes up
and by the way if you lose your phone
itself then you can have a setting on
there that you attach one of your keys
the setting on the phone will actually
be overridden so if your phone is on
silent this how often does this happen
your phone is on silently you lose your
phone and now you're looking around
and you're trying to call it and doesn't
matter well what the tracker does is it
actually rings for to the phone and that
means that you are going to be able to
locate your phone even if you've put it
on silent which is an awesome awesome
thing the tracker comm promo code then
it's only like a coin size device you
can see it on your screen right here and
it'll save you tons of time and tons of
aggravation and it's the little things
that drive you crazy it isn't the big
things in life that make you completely
nutty it's the little things like losing
your keys in your wallet to make you
totally insane the tracker comm prevents
that so go to the tracker no II the
tracker comm and use that promo clip and
you get a free tracker Bravo with any
purchase okay so well the the reason
that it's important to have principles
and not just flip your principles based
on the events of the day is you never
know if you don't know what the basic
principles are if you don't have a
generalized worldview you don't know
which piece of information is actually
gonna hit home is it the piece of
information that putting American troops
on the ground is gonna be damaging to
your popularity rating or is the piece
of information where you're watching TV
and they're a bunch of dead Syrian kids
on the TV which piece of information
hits home now if you have a worldview we
can basically predict as people how
you're going to react to a given piece
of information because the information
will either confirm your worldview or
will reject your worldview but when you
don't know what exactly Trump is basing
his positions on it makes things really
difficult and this is what's happening
in the in fight inside the
administration between Steve Bannon and
Steven Miller and on the one side and
Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump on the
other Trump as I've said before is
running this administration like it's a
family business that's not a great shock
he runs the family business like a
family business now he's running the
White House like a family business Jared
Kushner who has all of the same
qualifications as my three-year-old
daughter to be in charge of China policy
is now in charge of China policy Middle
East policy heroin policy a he doesn't
have expertise on any of this but he's
loyal to Trump and so Trump likes him
on the other hand you got Stephen and
Stephen and represents a nationalist
populist movement that thinks that that
big government is basically okay but we
have to protect our borders and we have
to be more isolationist on foreign
policy that sort of the nationalist
populist movement there's more crossover
I think between the nationalist populist
movement and conservative policy than
there is between Ivanka and Jared and
conservative policy because both of them
are career Democrats and so what you've
got right now is Steve Bannon who is in
admitted
a bad guy who does not actually believe
a lot of conservative things and then
you've got Jared and Ivanka on the other
side who don't believe any conservative
things but are nicer people and so there
are no good options for conservatives
you're sort of hoping that Trump bumbles
his way into just delegating power to
all of the people he's appointed like
nikki Haley is doing good job Rex
Tillerson is doing surprisingly - Jed
I'm shocked at how how Rex Tillerson has
been hawkish on Russia I did not expect
to see that coming
and and so all that's good Trump needs
to delegate all of that not to Jared and
Ivanka but to the people that he has
appointed to the positions who are
actually qualified for those positions
otherwise the more Trump medals the more
you just wonder what piece of
information is gonna flip his mind today
because I don't think that what we're
seeing is a full growth of Trump into
the job I think what we're seeing is
that Trump is responding and reacting
because that's what Trump does I don't
think he's changed his personality I
just think that he's reacting to events
that now impact him in a way they didn't
it's easy to say when you're a candidate
okay so somebody gasses a few children
it's different when everybody in the
world is saying you're the leader of the
free world what are you gonna do a bunch
of children just got gassed things
changed pretty radically but it does
leave up in the air what if a new piece
of information emerges that flips Trump
back right what happens if if he decides
that it's more important to make a deal
with the Russians then to speak the
truth about what Russia is doing so for
example Russia's Sergey Lavrov yesterday
he came out he said there's no evidence
that Assad used chemical weapons you
know as foolish chance that this
investigation reveals he BGE
government education and chemical
attacks if it seemed good because he
knew death sauce on the caffeine age we
do not want the opportunity
institutional comfort kill a producer
speculation who possibly welcomed them
he's saying that there's a he's saying
that we have no information that it was
necessarily Assad Assad is saying the
same thing he's saying that he thinks
that it was the deep state that helped
plant this and they're the ones who are
attacking the United States and Trump
the the the he's actually trying to
avoid Assad is trying to avoid pissing
off Trump here's what he actually said
this is just breaking right now he said
I was very cautious in saying any
opinion regarding him before he became
president and after I always say let's
see what he's going to do we wouldn't
comment on
statements so actually this is the first
proof that it's not about the president
in the United States it's about the
regime and the deep state or the deep
regime in the United States is still the
same it doesn't change the president is
only one of the performers on their
theater if he wants to be a leader he
cannot because as some say he wanted to
be a leader Trump wanted to be a leader
but every president there if he wants to
be a real leader later he's going to eat
his word swallow his pride and make a
180-degree u-turn otherwise he would pay
the price politically that's Assad
parroting messages that are coming out
of the Russian regime is that going to
impact Trump we don't know because we
don't know Trump's worldview hopefully
over time his worldview will develop you
know every president enters office
saying they're basically going to be an
isolationist very few end up that way we
will see what his world you actually
ends up being or whether it's just
defined by Jared Ivanka or Bannen or
whomever it's a lot of confusion right
now and Trump is not doing anything to
tamp down that confusion all I can say
is that a lot of the flips he's making
right now I think are good in terms of
policy but there's some that are that
are still bad he's a mixed bag he will
always be a mixed bag so long as he
doesn't have a worldview okay so now I'm
gonna have to go over to Daily wire to
check out the rest of the show we're
going to talk about the reactions from
the right and why there's so many who
are part of Trump's hardcore base who
are very upset about Syria because they
think the Trump had a worldview that he
obviously doesn't and so we'll talk
about what that means for Trump in the
future of his presidency you have to go
over to Daly wired.com and check that
out $8 a month over at Daly we're also
gonna be talking about the Sean Spicer
situation in the media going nuts over
Sean Spicer in the Holocaust $8 a month
if you get an annual subscription today
you get a free copy of the Arroyo which
is a terrific fictional movie set on the
border by our very own Jeremy boring all
about the issues that plagued the
ranchers who live on the border that a
land being used as a thoroughfare for
drugs and prostitution and an illegal
immigration and what one rancher decides
to do about it
go over and getting the annual
subscription right now it's a Lee Weyer
calm and check it out you me also part
of the mailbag which we'll be doing
tomorrow here at Daily wire calm you
want all your questions answered and all
your life issues solved we can make that
happen for you over at Daly wire.com you
just want to listen later go over to
iTunes or SoundCloud and check out the
show and make sure if you're listening
at itunes to leave a review we always
appreciate it and we are the largest
conservative podcast in the nation
you
you
