according to The Courier Journal a
passenger on a flight from Chicago to
Louisville was forcibly removed from an
airplane after the airline overbooked
the flight and no passenger was willing
to give up his or her seat for a stipend
from the airline three members of
security apparently began speaking with
the man who refused to leave they then
grabbed him and yanked him out of his
seat and dragged him from the plane
here's what the spokesperson for United
Airlines had to say quote flight 34 11
from Chicago to Louisville was
overbooked after our team looked for
volunteers one customer refused to leave
the aircraft was voluntarily voluntarily
and law enforcement was asked to come to
the gate we apologize for the overbooked
situation further details on the removed
customer should be directed elsewhere
The Courier Journal reports the
passengers were told the plane had been
overbooked by four seats the airline
offered a $400 travel voucher and a
hotel stay which nobody took them up on
at that point the computer randomly
select four travelers on the flight and
tell them to give up their seats to
United employees who are required in
Louisville for the next day one doctor
who said he needed to see patients in
the morning refused to get out of his
seat at which point security carted him
off here is the courier-journal quote
witness Audra bridges said the man
became very upset and said that he was a
doctor who needed to see patients at a
hospital in the morning the manager told
him that security would be called if he
did not leave willingly bridges said and
the man said he was calling his lawyer
the man was able to get back on the
plane after initially being taken off
his face was bloody and he seemed
disoriented bridges said and he ran to
the back of the plane passengers asked
to get off the plane as a medical crew
came on to deal with the passengers she
said and passengers were then told to go
back to the gate so that officials could
tidy up the plane before taking off the
United Airlines is taking a serious hit
publicly for this incident as well they
should it is appalling here's what the
United contract of carriage states quote
all of you as flights are subject to
over booking which could result in you
A's inability to provide previously
confirmed reserved space for a given
flight or for the class of service
reserved under Rule 25 of their code of
carriage United States that will
volunteer request volunteers but that if
nobody volunteers they can deny people
boarding involuntarily in accordance
with u.s. boarding priority if you're
removed from a flight involuntarily the
airline plate pays you a multiple of the
airfare beyond your original ticket this
isn't an unreasonable unreasonable
policy actually
passengers routinely miss flights over
booking is common practice in order to
fill planes instead of wasting money and
time flying extra routes but there are
two elements here that are unreasonable
if not legally
and certainly in terms of business first
there's the question of the airline
employees bumping paying passengers yes
the airlines have contracts with their
stupid unions that require a certain
number of staffers on particular flight
but when the unions Trump the customers
the business is doing a terrible job
I will admit this has happened to me
I've been forced to miss a speech before
hundreds of college students because the
airline canceled my flight then refused
to book me on the next flight in order
to fly a bunch of its own employees
second there's the problem of force why
didn't you knighted decide which
passengers were bumped before boarding
them or better yet keep upping the offer
until somebody on the plane took it 400
bucks isn't a lot of money to give to
somebody to compensate them for having
to stay overnight and location that
prevents them from working the next day
is there any question that if the
company had simply upped its bid
somebody would have taken them up on it
in the end people are gonna call for a
government regulation because that's
what they do but this is actually a
really good example of the market
working United is gonna take a massive
public relations hit today they'll lose
hundreds of thousands of dollars over
this fiasco
their stock price may even be affected
they'll change their policy to ensure
this never happens again other companies
will take advantage with better service
and customers will be served and that
customer who was removed will probably
be amply compensated in settlement to
the market still works even if people
are going to want government action on
stupidities like this i'm ben shapiro
this is the venture Pierrot show
all right so we have a lot coming up
today today is the last day before
Passover Passover begins tonight so
we're going to try and jam-packed the
show even more than usual
in a little while we're gonna be having
on a feminist advocate from Connecticut
named Jillian Gilchrist
and she has a column in which she says
that original lists are all sexist so I
have a few questions for Miss Gilchrist
so we'll be discussing with her shortly
but first we want to say thank you to
our friends over at ring.com so if you
are somebody who worries about security
I worry about security a lot my wife and
I are deeply worried about security and
have been for years basically ever since
I did the Piers Morgan interview on CNN
I've been getting death threats pretty
regularly and so we are worried about
people coming to the house and
burglarizing the house and we're also
worried about people who ring the
doorbell to see if somebody's home and
then decide whether to enter the house
or not and that's what ring calm is good
for so ring calm but they do is they
have a ring video doorbell you put it on
your fence or on your gate or on your
front door and they ring the doorbell
and then you can actually see a camera
shot of the person who's outside the
door and what's cool is that you can do
it from anywhere so if I'm sitting right
here after the show and somebody arrives
in my house and they ring the doorbell I
can pick up my phone I can see exactly
who's at the door and I can determine
whether or not this is somebody who is
safe or not this is really great for
preventing burglaries because most
burglaries are they ring first they want
to find out whether somebody's home then
they know you're not home and then they
rob the place this helps prevent that
and right now they have an advanced
motion detection technology that you can
get with the ring of security kit which
includes the ring video doorbell for
that front door and then a ring stick up
cam which is a wireless weatherproof HD
camera to keep an eye on other parts of
your property
they both install in minutes I've
installed them myself and when they're
working together they do provide that
24/7 monitoring of your entire home
whether you are there or whether you're
actually at the office or someplace else
again when I'm out of town I rely on
ring to make sure that you know
everything is okay at home and and I
really enjoy and we use the product a
lot obviously for a limited time
listeners to this show can get a hundred
and fifty dollars off a ring of security
kit right now just go to ring.com slash
bed ring comm slash been use that slash
Ben C at the hundred and fifty dollars
off that ring of security kit plus
they'll know that we sent you ring comm
slash Ben again ring.com slash pin for
that hundred fifty bucks off the ring of
okay so the big news over the weekend
we'll get to Gorsuch in a little while
but Gorsuch was sworn in just as justice
now Gorsuch has been sworn in to the
Supreme Court which is cool but the big
story over the weekend was not that the
big story over the weekend was obviously
what's been happening in Syria so the
big question has been what exactly is
the plan here and the Trump
administration has not made very clear
that there is a plan so I offered two
theories last week as to what could be
going on one is Trump saw some stuff on
TV and fired a few missiles at it very
possible because that would fit this
personality the other is that Trump saw
some stuff on TV saw that it was really
bad and then when his people and said
let's come up with a coherent cohesive
strategy and the first step will be
firing some cruise missiles at this
particular airbase that was responsible
for the gas attack now it is worth
noting that a couple of facts have
happened here one is that the Syrian
government immediately launched a plane
from the airbase that was supposed to be
out of order and began launching air
raids against their enemies right
afterward to demonstrate that they had
not been hurt by the United States which
is sort of a black eye for the Trump
administration the other thing that's
happened is that Russia has become very
aggressive in its rhetoric Russia
obviously sees a central interest in
Syria one of the reasons is because
Russia has propped up the dictator Assad
there and if he falls then their
credibility in terms of guarantees for
the Iranian regime in terms of the Iraqi
regime which is now at least partially
sponsored by the Iranians that guarantee
seems to be worth a little bit less and
so the Russians want to make sure that
they stand by their man in serious
they're getting very aggressive they're
saying that they're gonna treat any
bombing like this in the future as an
act of war now the real question is
gonna be do we want to go up against
Russia here do we want to play a game of
chicken with them if we do play a game
of chicken are they actually gonna try
and shoot down an American plane if they
did shoot down an American plane would
we then be in a state of full-scale war
with Moscow Vladimir Putin is not in a
strong position in his own country other
than the fact that he controls the
military and the money so I mean that
sounds funny because those are the two
most important things to control but he
does not control the population the
population clearly is not super fond of
Vladimir Putin and so one of the ways he
has to maintain his power is by
promoting this image of himself as a
very very powerful guy who will stand up
to anyone up to and including the United
States of America that means that he's
going to want to play chicken the United
States may have
more of an interest in allowing him to
play chicken and give off a sense of
superiority to his own people than in
challenging the Assad regime but if
Assad keeps firing gas bombs Trump has
now set the red line the red line exists
if he if he keeps gassing people Trump
is gonna have to do something otherwise
he is not just Obama he's actually worse
than Obama because he's shown that he's
like Bill Clinton 1998 after the
bombings in Kenya and Tanzania
they just wants to shoot a camel in the
ass and be done with it and that's not a
winning strategy when it comes to
deterrence so there are a lot of mixed
messages coming out of the
administration one message is that Assad
has to go the other message is that
Assad can sort of stay Chris Wallace
over at FoxNews yeah HR McMaster is the
new national security adviser a guy who
really does know military strategy his
book dereliction of duty is required
reading over at the War College and it
is a very very good book it's worth
getting he so here's Wallace asking
McMasters aren't you sending a few mixed
messages here the Trump administration
seems to be sending mixed signals this
weekend UN Ambassador nikki Haley says
that getting rid of Assad is a priority
on the other hand Secretary of State
Tillerson says that first we have to get
rid of Isis destroy Isis Assad can wait
so which is it and McMaster didn't have
a great answer for that Bernie Sanders
of course says that the Trump
administration has no plan either and
that when you when you get this guy
screaming at you you always are gonna
take it with a large grain of salt but
here is Bernie Sanders talking about
Syria and why he could not find his
pudding no matter how hard he tries
asking the Republicans what are you
gonna do when you throw 20 million
people off of health insurance how many
of them are going to die what's your
plan okay again we'll get to we'll get
to what the actual plan is in just a
second but first I want to bring in to
join us a special guest Julianne
Gilchrist who is a feminist advocate
from Connecticut
she champions public policy on issues of
gender gender-based violence and
reproductive choice she's in organizers
with the women's March in Connecticut
and she currently teaches political
advocacy at the UConn School of Social
Work Julianne Gilchrist is also a she
also wrote a column for her site in
which in
she talked specifically about the idea
the judge Gorsuch would be terrible for
women and the reason that he would be
terrible for women is because he's
proponents of originalism professor
Gilchrist are you actually a professor
or just miss Gilchrist onna addressing
properly okay miss Gilchrist Thanks well
thanks for coming on the show I
appreciate it so what you actually wrote
is you wrote that Gorsuch like Antonin
Scalia is a proponent of originalism
which means he believes a judge should
attempt to interpret the words of the
Constitution as they were understood at
the time they were written when the
Constitution was written women couldn't
own property in 1787 women didn't have
the right to vote it would be 133 years
before women won that fight a fight they
fought for 72 years considering women
had no rights when the Constitution was
written and there was no mention of
women in the Constitution originalism is
sexist so let me ask you first to expand
on that is it the Constitution that
sexist or originalism that sexist or
both well actually the original
Constitution is sexist and then the
originalist perspective that actually
looks to the original document is also
sexist and so we know that when a judge
practices originalism they look
backwards they don't try to see the
Constitution in the current context of
society and so by looking backwards as I
said in my piece at the time the
Constitution was written women didn't
have any rights we were properly
so yes the originalist perspective is
sexist and so I think Neil Corphish will
not be good for women on the Supreme
Court okay so two quick things one
you're right obviously the women did not
have rights under the Constitution in
many ways the idea that were property is
an overstatement that couldn't be sold
into slavery I mean black people were
property women were not property under
the Constitution of the United States
but the but I do have a basic question
here which is what do you think a
judge's job is I mean a judge from where
I sit and according to the structure of
the Constitution his job is to interpret
the law as it's written not to make up
what he wishes the law were that's what
we have legislatures for that's why we
have people who vote on things the idea
that you're gonna have some sort of
super legislature made up of the great
wise men who - or women who decide what
a text means that has nothing do with
the original meaning of the Constitution
what do you think a judge's job should
be well so what
an originalist actually does those goes
even beyond that interpretation to an
originalist thinks that the 14th
amendment which would actually give when
an equal protection based on what we
know from Justice Scalia he didn't
actually think that that protected women
and so he thinks that equal protection
does not prohibit discrimination on the
basis of sex an originalist like scalia
also feels that the right to privacy is
not included in the constitution and so
i understand what a judge's job is but
then we also have thankfully the
legislature and so the legislature can
pass public policies that will give
women rights Medina and Scalia to be
fair that that's what Scalia says I mean
that's what Robert Bork says that's what
justice Justice Thomas says but I'm an
original this is what originalist say we
say this is why we have legislatures the
purpose of a legislature is to pass
things like the Civil Rights Act of 1964
you don't have judges who just sit there
and then pass legislation this is why we
have separate branches so again I ask
you you know you're upset at the outcome
of some of the of some of what the
judges say because the judges are
reading the text according to what texts
mean I mean it's not poetry but what do
you think a judge should do that is
distinct from what a legislature does
the well to answer that I mean what now
is happening is so the legislature
passes a policy to give women greater
access let's use Hobby Lobby since
that's a case that Neal sort of Gorsuch
you know ruled on the Congress passed
health care reform to allow women to
have greater access to birth control and
when that then went through the court
process because conservatives argued
against that when it went through the
court process it was ruled down and so
you know we yes we might have the
legislature yes we have judges but with
an originalist perspective like Neal
Gorsuch is and like Scalia's when we
tried to progress women through public
policy it then is still being shot down
in the courts because that originalist
perspective as I mentioned is a sexist
perspective okay so again the problem is
that I mean take Hobby Lobby as an
example it wasn't that Neal bore such is
against contraception presumably I mean
his church apparently is Pro
contraception
the idea that that Neil Gorsuch has a
personal view that anti contraception
that's not a cure I mean Neil Gorsuch
his view is that there's a first
amendment to the Constitution which
protects the freedom of religion of
people like the religious owners of
Hobby Lobby and said that they don't
have to violate their own religion in
the provision of health care now
you may disagree with that policy that's
why we have an amendment process so the
Constitution does it it basically
enshrine certain fundamental rights if
we disagree those fundamental rights
there's an amendment process or do you
think that we should just get rid of the
Constitution completely because it seems
to me that sort of what you want we
shouldn't have judges we shouldn't have
judicial review we shouldn't have a
Constitution we should just have a
legislature that does all the things
that you want them to do or judges that
just say the legislature can do all
those things no not not at all
we could certainly we need to pass
public policies or we could amend the
Constitution and women did try that
through the Equal Rights Amendment but
that too didn't make it through right
and so do your point about Hobby Lobby
it is the first decision where two
competing interests the religious
freedom religious rights of individuals
did actually then trump the rights of
those who need access to birth control
and so I think a different judge in that
position who doesn't have an originalist
perspective like Neil gorse it just
wouldn't have ruled in that way so how
should it so how should a judge read a
text should a judge just decide what the
judge wants to be the law and then just
say this is the law look what's there do
you use so my standard is that with the
Constitution I think it was supposed to
be a document a guiding document and so
I don't think anyone at the time the
Constitution was written thought that
the world would always exist as it was
and so I certainly think we need that
text but we should interpret it in light
of what is happening in present day
we've changed a lot as a culture and as
a society and so to assume that you can
use a text from hundreds of years ago to
decide cases today just seems ridiculous
except that we do that with texts
literally every day in the courts we use
the Sherman Antitrust Act to to rule on
antitrust we use the we use the Food and
Drug Administration Act to determine
what the FBA what the FDA is allowed to
regulate legislation is designed to be
interpreted as text you know this is
just basic legal 101 I mean you're
supposed to read a text as it's written
not as a piece of TS Eliot
yes but we use that text to interpret
current day problems and it seems that
when it comes to women's rights
originalist perspective tends to side on
the air of always looking backward
backward and not looking at current day
because they because they're trying to
because if you're looking if I wrote a
piece of legislation ten years ago and I
said to you okay are you and I write a
piece of legislation today right and we
use the language of today we mean
something by that language in this
conversation somebody will read this 100
years from now and we will have met what
we're saying to each other we understand
what we're saying if somebody wants to
read what we're talking about today and
then it turns out that all the words
that we're using now mean the reverse
because things have changed did our
conversation mean the reverse of what it
meant or does it mean what we're talking
about right now
words have meaning at the time they are
said and to try and read new meanings
into old words just because
quote-unquote times have changed you can
end up with some really bizarre results
I mean and the problem here is that you
know you like you may not like what Neil
Gorsuch is trying to do but at least
it's a rule of interpretation in in the
constitutional structure what we've had
is the Supreme Court very often
reversing itself on the exact same
language by using the sort of rules that
you want so for example in Plessy versus
Ferguson you had the Supreme Court say
that the Fourteenth Amendment did not
did not apply to black people insofar as
segregation was okay and then 50 years
after that they say no it turns out the
Fourteenth Amendment actually meant that
segregation is not okay anymore
well that's silly I mean it either met
one or it meant the other it didn't mean
two different things at the same time
one of those decisions is wrong in one
of those decisions is right that's true
for every judicial decision the idea
that we can just look to our hearts to
determine what a text meant 200 years
ago is is silly when we can find out
what they meant 200 years ago by reading
what they're talking about now and yes I
wouldn't disagree where you made the
point though that our conversation we're
having today what we're saying to one
another is what we're saying to one
another and if looked at a hundred years
from now it would still mean the same
thing but people using our conversation
a hundred years from now would have to
apply it to that current day because
it's not going to look the same and so
we do need to look back at text but we
need to interpret them
with the current climate and so to say
that I mean Justice Scalia came out and
said that the Fourteenth Amendment does
not prohibit discrimination on the basis
of sex
Justice Scalia came out and said that
there is no right to privacy in the
Constitution because there aren't any of
those things in the Constitution if you
want to establish one you create an
amendment there's no right to abortion
in the Constitution the right to privacy
is not the right to have an abortion the
right to privacy also covers the right
to access birth control and that
yes Griswold versus Connecticut 1965 I'm
well aware the case but the idea that
the that the founders the people who
wrote the the Constitution were deeply
concerned with access to birth control
in the Federal Constitution is just
silly if you want if you this is why we
had again this is why we have
legislatures the point is that I'm in
favor of availability of contraception
this is why I would elect people who
would be in favor of availability of
contraception if you just want the
courts to do what you want them to do
why not just appoint a couple of
oligarchs we can have Ruth Bader
Ginsburg be our queen and then we don't
actually have to have a legislature
anymore can skip all these expensive
election things Donald Trump wouldn't be
president and and the notorious RBG
would just rule us all the problem for
women in this country is that when we
pass public policies to increase our
rights
they are then shot down by the court who
doesn't believe what you just explained
that we don't have a right to privacy or
that we don't have equal protection
under the law and so I don't want it
that's not accurate there there there
there there was there dozens of states
that had already legalized abortion in
large part before roe v wade and the
courts had never struck that down on any
on any grounds I mean the you're
reversing it I mean the fact is that
that if a state legislature passes a law
that makes availability of contraception
a thing that's still not the same thing
as for example Hobby Lobby we're
actually forcing people to pay for your
contraception in violation of their
religious obligations so if you're just
talking about access to health care then
the state is perfectly capable of
passing whatever law that it wants and
the courts won't strike it down their
account surveilling their account
surveilling interests in some of these
cases under the Constitution and that's
what the Supreme Court is talking about
in an originalist jurisprudence but if
you want to pass a constitutional
amendment go for it again I I guess my
final question is this and I
unfortunately to let an interesting
conversation but my final question is
this why bother having
elections why bother having legislators
why do you if the American people are
constantly doing things that are stupid
or if the American people are constantly
electing legislators that are terrible
and if you can just have judges who are
going to be able to apply the
Constitution as you see fit
again I ask why not just appoint Ruth
Bader Ginsburg the actual queen of the
United States and she can rule from
above and she'll do all the things you
want and why isn't that okay with you I
mean tyranny with someone who you agree
with seems okay with you a little bit
tyranny is never good and right now I
feel as though we're under a tyranny I
what is it again I'm not from Pam I'm
just wondering what he's done exactly
but we can get into that in bed that's
another conversation for another time um
no I certainly think checks and balances
are what we need in this country you
know I didn't by saying what we haven't
tried in this country is equal
representation and so maybe when we get
a legislative body that is equally men
and women and we get a Supreme Court
that's equally men and women we might
see what about what about when we have
an electorate that's 54 percent women at
that point can we say that we have equal
representation because most people who
voted in it nope not yet why not what
happened to the women are they are they
all slaves well we buy we might have the
equal voting but we do not have equal
representation in any of our bodies of
government and so until we have that I
think we'll see a big difference in the
policies and the rights we have as women
in this country so a woman is not really
a female voter if she does if she elects
a man I'm just I'm confused again by
like like I just think that to your
point of should we have just a judicial
branch ruling all I was answering that
no we need equal representation in all
leadership bodies in this country and so
I was speaking to that piece okay I
think it's fantastic we have both men
and women voting for both men and women
okay so if I'm could Trump for president
then she's a woman so yeah I wouldn't go
that I appreciate you taking the time
Gillian gila is very kind of you to come
on feminist advocate from Connecticut
she is she's at the political advocacy
she teaches political advocacy at the
UConn
so School of Social Work and that people
want to find her work what's the best
way to get in touch great they can find
me on Twitter at Jill crest that would
be the best way great really appreciate
it thanks so much
okay so we we have to I want to say
thank you to to our advertisers over at
zip recruiter com so if you're looking
to hire not on the basis of sex but on
the basis of merit and and you would
like to just hire somebody who's great
for the job the best way to do that is
over at zip recruiter com
you can post your job to 200 plus job
sites including social media networks
like Facebook and Twitter with a single
clip-ins click instead of having to go
all around and post at a thousand
different sites you can find candidates
in any city or industry nationwide you
post once and those candidates just roll
right on in they have a very easy-to-use
interface you can dismiss people or
accept people it's great we're starting
to use it over at Daily wire comm and
right now my listeners can post jobs
over at sip recruiter for free by going
to zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
that is zip recruiter com slash daily
wire zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
you can post your job for free make sure
you get that slot filled again on the
basis of merit not on the basis of the
gender of the person
oh my god okay so all righty so I want
to discuss the Syria thing for one more
second before we have to break on on the
on the podcast Facebook live so as I say
before sorry final note on that
interview I just would like to note
again there is no reason that miss
Gilchrist could come up with none that
suggests that Ruth Bader Ginsburg should
not be Queen of the United States she
says she's against tyranny but then she
says that Ruth Bader Ginsburg should be
able to read whatever she wants into the
Constitution in order to apply Ruth
Bader Ginsburg values she says that
she's in favor of checks and balances
and then explicitly says that she's
angry that the Supreme Court would act
to check and balance a legislature that
oversteps its boundaries in violation of
Rights this just demonstrates once and
for all that when it comes to the left
view of the judiciary it is judicial
tyranny they are after they are not
after any sort of consistent rule of law
they have no idea what judges should be
doing as opposed to legislators they
think that judges should just be doing
the things they want them to do and they
have no good answers on any of this okay
when it comes to Syria as I was saying
before the interview now the fact is
there's a lot of confusion on Syria two
messages coming from the administration
one is that that that Assad should be
left in place and the other is get rid
of them so here's Rex Tillerson the
Secretary of State saying that the first
priority is to defeat Isis and from
let's leave us out alone we believe that
the first priority is the defeat of Isis
that by defeating Isis and removing
their Caliphate from their control we
have now eliminated at least or
minimized a particular threat not just
the United States but to the whole
stability in the region and once the
Isis threat has been reduced or
eliminated I think we can turn our
attention directly to stabilizing the
situation in Syria we're hopeful that we
can prevent a continuation of the civil
war and then we can bring the parties to
the table to begin the process of
political discussions clearly that
requires the participation of the regime
and with the support of their allies and
we're hopeful that Russia will choose to
play a constructive role in supporting
cease fires through their own Astana
Carson is entirely wrong here when
Tillerson says we have to defeat Isis
and we just have to stop Assad from
basically running roughshod over
everybody I think that's probably the
right strategy as I said last week
Alliston Assad seems to me a secondary
priority it's not like get rid of Assad
that will make the country better and
then go after Isis the question is
whether it's not even cares about going
after Isis I don't think he does I think
we're gonna have to do it ourselves
that said we can keep Assad in check at
the same time we are going after Isis
the idea that we can't walk and chew gum
at the same time is silly but I do not
think that we are in a position to
rebuild the country at the same time
that we're trying to protect people from
Assad and Isis I think that's a mistake
I mean getting rid of Assad and then
having a giant chaotic vacuum when it
seems to be opening a can of worms we
have no answers to HR McMaster the the
National Security Adviser he still seems
desperate to keep Russia involved in
this he says Russia should be part of
the Russia so the solution in Syria
Medvedev wrote the u.s. is quote on the
verge of a military clash with Russia so
what are we prepared to do if Russia
defends its interests in Syria well this
is part of the problem in Syria is is
Russia's sponsorship for this murderous
regime and so we would want to appeal
rationally to Russia this is a great
opportunity for the Russian leadership
to reevaluate what they're doing and why
they are supporting a regime that is
committing mass murder against its own
people so it's
it would be a great opportunity except
they're not going to do it so what do we
do next well that's the big question so
to get that answe you're gonna have to
go over to daily wire comm right now and
become a subscriber you got a little bit
of extra today but normally you wouldn't
so that means that you have to go over
to daily wire comm you can see the rest
of the show live you can also be part of
the mailbag which we will do a little
bit later this week and right now for $8
a month you get that subscription if you
become an annual subscriber you get a
free signed copy of reasons to vote
Democrat a comprehensive guide by our
own Michael moles Yale graduate it's
it's gotten stellar a review really a
stellar review from Weekly Standard calm
which is hysterical since it is an
actual blank book but it is a great gag
gift it is the most thorough book on
Democratic ideology there is go check it
out over at Daley wire.com become an
annual subscriber or if you just want to
listen later then go over to iTunes or
SoundCloud leave us a review we
appreciate it
it helps iTunes recognize that we are a
massive podcast because indeed we are
our numbers are seller you are listening
to the grandest and most glorious
conservative podcast in the nation
you
