even though I'm not a big fan of the
pledge at school I think that kids ought
to stand for it although I don't
necessarily think the pledge
accomplishes anything I think as long as
it's being recited kids should stand for
it now as an adult who's not in public
school I have the right to you know I
can make my own decisions about the
pledge I can do what I want but children
in school should be required to obey you
know that's my main issue with kids who
don't stand for the Pledge it's not that
they're being unpatriotic because as I
said forced expressions of patriotism
are not really patriotism but the issue
to me is that they're being disobedient
and that they're calling attention to
themselves and they're refusing to
respect the authority of the people who
are in charge of them at school that to
me is the issue it is disobedience so we
have somewhere along the line we've
completely lost sight of this idea of
obedience and respect for your elders
and listen I know that since time
immemorial adults have been complaining
that kids don't respect their elders and
don't listen but now we seem to have
categorically kind of rejected given up
on the very idea of kids being required
to obey and this has a lot to do with
parents so you have parents who send
their kids to school and the kid is
disobedient disrespectful defiant and
then the parents find out about it and
they side with their kid against the
adults these parents they want to have
it both ways they want the school system
to babysit their kids but they don't
want the school system to have any
authority over their kids you can't do
that if you're putting your kid under
the authority of the school system then
the kid must be required to respect that
authority and you if you're a good
parent should should tell your kid that
my kids you know they know that when
they're being watched by a babysitter or
if they're going to Nana and Grandpa's
house or if they're ever in the custody
of some adult who is not mommy or daddy
they know because we tell them that
those adults now have the authority of
mommy and daddy and they are to listen
and they are to obey
