on Tuesday morning ESPN which has been
in a losing battle to keep its
subscribers issued a new set of
guidelines recognition between sports
and politics
ESPN public editor Jim Brady
acknowledged the oddity of releasing
those guidelines after a presidential
election but he said quote we are living
in unique political times which explains
the revised guidelines for discussion of
political and social issues
according to ESPN vice president Craig
Benson he said that trumps election was
the essential factor behind the new
guidelines the first part of the
guideline is a recommitment to objective
journalism quote our audiences should be
confident our original reporting of news
is not influenced by political pressures
or personal agendas unquote of course
that's not gonna help much CNN believes
the same thing and their reporting of
reporting a slanted heavily to the left
the left version of objectivity says
that a story once decided upon must not
be overtly political for this ignores
selection bias which decides which
stories are important to cover in the
first place ESPN's heavy focused on
Caitlyn Jenner for example pushes a
political agenda through selection bias
as well as political bias ESPN does make
two more important changes to the policy
first they say that hard news reporters
and editors at the company should not
make any public statements in any forum
that would reveal their political biases
that's absurd it doesn't solve the
problem of political bias in reporting
itself but the most important change is
the encouragement of more political talk
from commentators quote outside of hard
news reporting commentary related to
political or social issues candidates
are officeholders is appropriate on ESPN
platforms consistent with these
guidelines the presentation should be
thoughtful and respectful we should
offer balance or recognize opposing
views as warranted we should avoid
personal attacks and inflammatory
rhetoric in other words talk politics so
long as it's leftist Mike Ditka lost his
job for speaking in favor of Donald
Trump against Barack Obama on NFL
countdown Curt Schilling was ousted for
the great sin of comparing radical Islam
to Nazism chris broussard was slammed by
management for expressing his religious
view of homosexuality Brady himself has
stated in the past quote internally
there's a feeling among many staffers
both liberal and conservative that the
company's perceived moved leftward has
had a stifling effect on discourse
inside the company and has affected its
public facing product consumers have
sensed that same leftward movement
alienating some ESPN's far left ISM is
certainly certainly alienated me I used
to watch ESPN religiously now I can't
even bear
for more than 15 minutes at a stretch
since it's impossible to escape the
leftist propagandizing that's not going
to change under the new rules
let's see ESPN hire some conservatives
and let them talk rather than ousting
them the moment they disagree with the
prevailing leftist orthodoxy then we can
talk about a freer discourse until then
ESPN should shut up about politics
altogether or risk watching its ratings
continue to tank and subscribers
continue to cut the cord I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show we have an
exciting show lined up for you today in
just a few minutes we're gonna be having
on FH Buckley FH Buckley's a professor
over at George Mason University's School
of Law and he has a new column out in
which he says the Donald Trump should
pursue nationalized health care so we'll
be talking to him about that plus we
have to get to all of the developments
in Syria we have to get to the fact that
Steve Bannon is no longer on the
National Security Council he's been
ousted and his security clearance has
been revoked from the National Security
Council and we'll talk about obviously
the Susan Rice scandal but first I want
to say thank you to our advertisers over
at blinds.com so you have window
coverings that are old they're in crappy
shape and you need something that's
gonna look nice and didn't gonna cost
you an arm and a leg
that's what blinds.com is for so instead
of you having to hire a specialist to
come into your house and measure
everything and then he'll come back with
something you don't like and you replace
it and it just takes forever instead you
go to blinds.com and you get a free
online design consultation you send them
pictures of your house and they send
back custom recommendations from a
professional of what will work with your
color scheme and your furniture in
specific rooms and then they'll send you
free samples to make sure that
everything looks the same as it does
online and every order gets free
shipping and then if you miss measure or
you pick the wrong color then blinds.com
will remake your blinds for free so if
your screw up the matter blinds comm
will eat the cost and they will make
sure that you get the blinds that you
want they've made it really easy for you
there's no excuse to have the the blinds
that look like you're there they're from
some sort of ghetto you know get a
horrible apartment that's that's
destroyed so make sure that you go over
to blind SATCOM and check it out and for
a limited time you get 20% off
everything at blinds comm when you use
the promo code been so blind ska music
promo code band that makes sure they
know that we sent you and also make sure
you get 20% off of everything which is a
solid deal since it's already a very
affordable competitively priced
blinds.com promo code been
20% off
everything from Fullwood blind cellular
shades to roller shades blinds.com promo
code ben and there are some rules and
restrictions that apply okay so the the
media continued to insist that there's
nothing going on with this Susan Rice
scandal so yesterday because I was a
stuck at the airport all day we couldn't
actually do the show yesterday but I do
want to talk about the Susan Rice
scandal and why it's important so here
is the reason that the Susan Rice
scandal is important it's important for
three reasons so to reboot it to back up
well we found out over the weekend and a
little bit on Monday was that basically
Susan Rice was the national security
adviser under President Obama had been
requesting what they call unmasked
intelligence reports unmasked raw
intelligence from the intelligence
community in other words there was a
paragraph that would come in and it
would say Russian ambassador's sitting
at kiss lyac was talking to us person
one and said blah blah blah blah blah
blah and so she would say okay who is us
person one I want to know the name of
that person well if there is no illegal
nefarious activity at play then it
really shouldn't matter who US person
one was but she was specifically asking
for any time there was a trump
administration official a trump campaign
official rather and then after his
election a trump transition official she
was asking that all those people be
unmasked apparently she had a database
and Excel spreadsheet in which he was
keeping all the information about the
various members of the Trump transitions
human Trump campaign who had talked to
foreign actors even though there was no
accusation no evidence of wrongdoing
which is targeting it is targeting now
it's not wiretapping because again this
is all the stuff that the intelligence
community was picking up an incidental
collection so I want to be very careful
about how we discuss this so that we are
factual it is Susan Rice sort of spying
on the Trump administration in the sense
that she is using a trump filter to go
through all of the information that's
being gathered by the Intel community
that's not the same thing as like in the
lives of others where the government
says I want you to go spy on this person
yeah it's not what's going on here
at no point did Susan Rice say I want
the intelligence community to go and tap
Trump's phone for example
she said if Trump's name comes up in the
communications unmask him now the reason
that's a problem it's legal to do that
the reason it's a problem it's an abuse
of power if you're just keeping tabs on
your political opponents you know their
next move or they're just keeping tabs
on your political opponent so that you
can presumably leak it out to the press
which is what happened with Mike Flynn
the national security adviser who
followed Susan
if that's your purpose then that is
nefarious it may not be illegal the
leaks are illegal the unmasking may not
be illegal but if you unmask and then
tons of people have access to all this
information and then it leaks that's at
least partially your fault
so it is clear at this point that the
Obama administration did target the
Trump team they didn't target them with
specific wiretaps but they did target
them in reviewing the information they
were looking at it through the lens of
what are the from people saying and can
we use that in any way as The Wall
Street Journal editorial board said miss
rice would have no need no obvious need
to unmask Trump campaign officials other
than political curiosity also worth
noting bright slide so rice was
specifically asked about whether she
whether she knew about any of the
intelligence gathered on Trump and she
said she didn't know anything about any
of the intelligence gathered on Trump
what she actually said was that she knew
nothing about surveillance of the Trump
team this also does make theories about
the relations between Trump and Russia a
lot more strained because if she was
seeing all of the raw Intel and the
ron's held and telling her something
really in a Farias wouldn't have come
out already
wouldn't we know about that already
wouldn't she be out there on the sunday
show saying listen we know a lot of bad
stuff about Trump team and theirs it's
gonna come out eventually which is why
we need an investigation but she's got
nothing and the and the Obama team has
nothing and so they've got a problem on
their hands because basically they were
monitoring Trump and they came up with
nothing so Susan Rice was on television
yesterday then she came out and she
denied that she unmasked the Trump team
did you seek the names of people
involved in to unmask the names of
people involved in the Trump transition
the Trump campaign people surrounding
the prep that the president-elect let me
begin order to spy on them and
absolutely suppose absolutely not for
any political purposes to spy expose
anything but let me take the name of
Mike Flynn i leaked nothing to nobody
and never have it never would but let me
explain this first of all
Andrea to talk about the contents of a
classified report to talk about the
individuals on the foreign side who were
the targets of the the report itself or
any Americans who may have been
collected upon incidentally is to
disclose classified in four
I'm not gonna do that the allegation
right there the idea that that Susan
Rice would never disclose classified
information this administration was the
leakiest administration until now I mean
it was a super leak administration the
Obama administration that continuously
leaks American and Israeli national
security information they leak national
security information an increasingly
high rate as the years went on nor to
push a political agenda the idea that
nobody in the Obama administration would
leak is silly also I like how Susan Rice
may be telling the truth here but I like
when she says I didn't look at any of
this for political purposes okay how do
you define a political purpose so maybe
she didn't leak it maybe she's telling
the truth but there's no way that it
wasn't for a political purpose I mean
obviously if you come up with no
evidence and you're just keeping tabs on
people who aren't coming up in the
incidental surveillance and you're just
asking for every update on Trump why
would you do that if it didn't have a
political purpose really unclear Rand
Paul is right he says that we need to
call Susan Rice and she needs to testify
under oath the facts will come out with
Susan Rice but I think she ought to be
under subpoena and she should be asked
did you talk to the president about it
did President Obama know about this and
he is exactly right meanwhile the media
are downplaying this so here's the
question why are the media downplaying
this you can see a selection bias on TV
right so selection bias exists on every
network so CNN is now being sued on
diversity grounds I guess and they're
not covering it the Fox News is in
trouble with Bill O'Reilly because there
are all these new allegations about
sexual harassment by Bill O'Reilly
they're not covering that basically a
lot of the networks don't cover stuff
that they don't want to cover if it
doesn't help them so Fox News of course
is all up on this Susan Rice stuff but
they have not been particularly up on
any of the po-man afford stuff meanwhile
the folks on CNN are over the moon about
the po-man afford stuff former Trump
campaign manager they're all over the
moon about that but they have nothing to
say whatsoever when it comes to the
Susan Rice stuff now two things can be
true simultaneously
it can be true that there were a bunch
of people related to the Trump campaign
who are suspiciously close to Russia
it can also be true by the way that
there's no proof of collusion and it can
also be true that Susan Rice was
inappropriately using the power of
government in order to keep tabs on her
political opponents but look how the
media treat this they treat this they
immediately dismiss the scandal then
they wonder why people think there's
media bias Don Lemon here's Don Lemon
basically dismissing this out of hand
and Clint for the Washington Post today
calls the latest claims about Susan Rice
anatomy of a fake scandal ginned up by
right-wing media and Trump so let us be
very clear about this there is no
evidence whatsoever that the Trump team
surveilled or spied on were spied on
illegally there is no evidence that
backs up the president's original claim
and on this program tonight we will not
insult your intelligence by pretending
otherwise nor will we aid and abet the
people who are trying to misinform you
the American people by creating a
diversion not going to do it
diversion from what it's a new story
diversion from what from Trump Russia I
mean I understand that CNN has to devote
27 hours out of every 24 to Trump in
Russia at least when they're not
covering Malaysian airliner 360 or
whatever that that Malaysian airliner
was the Tom lemon thought was eaten by a
black hole
but it's this is ridiculous Chris Cuomo
on CNN the block of wood masquerading as
a human anchor here's what he had to say
wants you to believe he is the victim of
a crooked scheme those are his words and
here are our words there is no evidence
of any wrongdoing and in fact if
anything the NSA asking for identities
was a reflection of exactly how much
traffic there was involving Trump people
and foreign players the White House
blasting the press for not reporting on
another fake scandal being peddled by
right-wing media that is day 75 of the
Trump presidency
okay just insane okay so he says that
the reason that Susan Rice was keeping
tabs is because there was so much
traffic so he turns it back against
Trump that it's nefarious but again no
proof that anything nefarious went on
again demonstrating that the media have
a particular agenda on all of this and
that agenda is to get Trump it is not to
tell the truth I want to stop here for a
second before we bring on FH Buckley
professor Buckley from the from the the
George Mason School of Law of the Scalia
School of Law I want to I want to thank
our new endorsers over at ProFlowers so
I've used ProFlowers for years whenever
I'm out of town I send my wife flowers
from wherever I am and the way that I do
that is I go to proflowers.com they are
always fresh they're always great they
always last first
seven days - guaranteed fresh for seven
days or your money back they've a
seven-step quality check the flowers are
always beautiful if something breaks
they replace it we've actually had that
issue and ProFlowers has done that for
me right now ProFlowers has a special
offer just for our listeners you get $10
off your purchase of twenty nine bucks
or more so $29 purchase becomes a $19
purchase thanks to pro flowers it is a
great service if you want to make your
significant other happy and make your
wife happy you wanna make your mom happy
this is the way to do it there's nothing
that people appreciate more than flowers
from as I say I travel a lot when I'm
out of town I always make sure to send
my wife flowers so she knows that I'm
thinking about her and I've been using
for years long before they were sponsor
I was using proflowers.com because they
are the best in the business and you can
help out our show when you use pro
flowers and you go to proflowers.com and
you use the show the code is Ben's show
Ben's show so make sure that it's Ben's
show not just Ben Ben show is the promo
code at proflowers.com
at checkout to get that special deal
where you get $10 off any any sale of
twenty nine dollars or more if you've
got a birthday or an anniversary or
you're late you're a month and a half
late for Valentine's Day because you're
a crappy boyfriend whatever it is
proflowers.com is the place to get it as
I've said there's a reason that I've
used them for years they have 100 blooms
bouquet and a dozen red roses they also
totally unique specialize plant gifts
it's just a great service and you should
definitely use it again use the promo
code Ben's show Ben's show at checkout
to let them know that we sent you and
also so that you are and also so that
you get that that terrific discount okay
so do we have professor Buckley online
okay terrific joining us now on the
bench Shapiro show is Professor FH
Buckley he teaches at the Scalia Law
School at George Mason University his
most recent book is the way back
restoring the promise of America and
we're having professor Buckley on
because he has a new column in which he
suggests that President Trump should
actually pursue single-payer health care
professor Buckley thanks so much for
joining the Ben Shapiro show well thanks
for having me so let's jump right in so
you wrote in in this column that
President Trump should basically ignore
repealing Obamacare he should instead
focus on the imposition of single-payer
health care and you try to justify that
on certain conservative grounds which is
odd because single-payer isn't really
conservative you write the Trump said
that he wanted a plan that would leave
no one uninsured the simplest way to do
this is universal health care on the
naveen model with the right of
individuals to purchase a Cadillac plan
on top of this out of pocket I actually
agree that that's what Trump was
promising when he said that he wanted to
make sure that no one was uninsured but
he also promised hundreds of times on
the campaign trail to repeal Obamacare
do you think that those two were in
conflict was he fibbing to his base or
what I don't know if they're in conflict
or not but whether that's a matter of
verbiage but let's just talk about
whether or not something like the
Canadian single-payer plan makes sense
and I think it does and I think it does
because it I think would have healed to
most American voters as well all those
countries ahead of us on measures of
economic freedom have something like
single-payer so if one's worried about
economic liberty in America it's one
should be
it's not about single-payer it's about a
whole bunch of other things that tend to
get ignored okay so I agree there are a
lot of other things that tend to get
ignored but to say that single-payer
health care is not an imposition on
American freedom is just not true it
creates massive bureaucracies it creates
rationing as it does in Canada it I
think that the best framework for
thinking about this is that as dan
McLaughlin and National Review said you
can have affordability universality and
quality you can have two out of those
three you can't have all three and
universal health care unless it's
inordinately expensive is not going to
be particularly great quality but you
know instead of arguing over the merits
of universal health care I want to ask
you because you you are a conservative
agree with everything you just said by
the way about that's fine if you want to
or if you want to argue with that go for
it well one way of measuring quality is
to ask whether or not people are
satisfied with what they get Americans
are quite dissatisfied with what they
get the country whose citizens are most
satisfied with what they get is in fact
Canada I want to talk a little bit about
what Professor Buckley wrote here he
basically made the case then he was a
conservative professor Buckley portrays
himself as a conservative so I want to
ask him the question but he wrote in
August 2016 the Trump was actually more
conservative than a lot of the
conservatives who didn't support him and
I don't want to you know hit him while
he's off the air here but but the fact
is that measures of satisfaction are not
a particularly good measure of whether a
system is good or not Americans are
highly satisfied with Medicaid and there
are no improved health outcomes from
Medicaid but professor Buckley I didn't
want to hit you while you're off the air
there but I would just argue the deed
the measure of
faction is is not in my view a good one
because Americans are virtually everyone
is satisfied with welfare systems it's
very rare that people are dissatisfied
with stuff that they think they're
getting for free well another question
to ask is is there any movement in any
of these countries to get rid of what
they you turn to some of the most
conservative politicians around the
people in Stephen Harper's cabinet for
example in Canada they wouldn't want to
touch it at all what they would want to
do is tweak it with respect like many
times you can make that better there a
lot of things you can do to make it
better it's a very different kind of
Plainfield now than it was when these
things were introduced but in general I
think what I'm arguing against is a
certain libertarian view that
entitlements are the problem and
entitlements you know what that is it's
ordinary Americans as regular Americans
its services provided by the government
and in fact I mean Americans would not
be satisfied with anything less than all
people are covered I think that you know
the uuugh caste kind of a libertarian
streak as something that is that is out
of line here but again you know I think
that that's a more traditionally
American view traditionally conservative
view so do you think it's conservative
let me ask you this do you care about
the term conservative at all when it
comes to the president around because
you wrote in August 2016 that President
Trump was more conservative than
conservatives who didn't support him and
you talked about entitlements in that
column for the New York Post and you
said that America has quote a deeper
kind of rot of departures from the rule
of law of corruption of regulatory state
on steroids of a constitutional
structure that lacks a reverse gear and
that has given us wasteful laws that
seem impossible to repeal I totally
agree with all of that but if you're
talking about wasteful laws that seem
impossible to repeal adding new
entitlements are the definition of that
and if you're talking about a regulatory
state on steroids then a massive new
entitlement that regulates how people
obtain their health care is the
definition of a regulatory state on
steroids well in fact you've got all of
that with respect to the present system
you have that respect to Medicaid
Medicare and so on you also have a
really perverse incentive with respect
to employers who are obliged to carry
insurance that makes them
non-competitive with respect to
companies in say Canada which don't have
that kind of burden so not only is it
good for Americans to have something
like this but it's also a jobs creation
plan it's really win-win
question why don't on what else would I
have to do to shrink the skin that's
well I mean considering that that is the
vast majority of the budget is these
massive entitlement programs it's it's
very difficult to it's very difficult to
say that should be cut unfortunately I
think we lost professor Buckley there
not much we could do bad connection but
my big question to Professor Buckley is
basically I understand that people who
want Trump remain in power but if they
think the Democrats are going to work
with Trump and they think that
socialized healthcare is conservative
then why not just become a Democrat I
mean if the point is just we're gonna
create a new economic nationalism that
involves adopting every socialist
position then why not just do it
outright and that is the big question I
think that remains okay so in other news
well get to a bunch of other news that I
want to discuss here but for that you're
going to have to go over to Daley wire
comm we're gonna be talking about this
amazing kendall Jenner Pepsi ad we're
gonna be talking about what's going on
in ceará gonna be talking about bandhans
a stir so Bannon has just been basically
a ousted from the National Security
Council I'll explain why that happened
what that means and why that's a good
thing and we'll talk about all of that
we have to go to daily wire.com to do
that daily wire.com $8 a month will
ensure that you can get a subscription
to daily wire companies you see the rest
of the show live it means you can be
part of the mailbag in a couple of days
right now if you subscribe to annually
you get a free signed copy of our very
own Michael Moses best-selling book
thing reasons to vote Democrat a
comprehensive guide the it is a massive
bestseller and it is a great gag gift
that you can give your friends so go and
check that out over at Daley wire.com or
listen later to iTunes or SoundCloud for
the rest of the show we are the largest
conservative podcast in the nation
you
