whenever someone points out that
feminism is a toxic and destructive
philosophy some feminist always says
that's not real feminism real feminism
is something other than the toxic and
destructive philosophy feminism actually
is so what is feminism really feminism
is a sore point that emerges from time
to time as a result of the relations
between men and women now wait that's
herpes no it's feminism now hold on
that's herpes right more feminism now
what's the difference let's move on ever
since time began human beings have found
their chief consolation and joy in the
love between a man and a woman and their
chief purpose and meaning in the
indispensable care and tenderness of
being a mother and homemaker and the
responsibility and authority of being a
father and provider feminism is an
attempt to put an end to all that so
that unhappy neurotics can parade around
in stupid pink hats screaming about
something god knows what feminists feel
that for too long men have gotten away
with having sex with women and getting
them pregnant and marrying them and then
making sure they and their children have
a roof over their head and food to eat
even if it means the man has to work
until his fingers bleed and compromise
his dreams and principles so that his
children can have the all-important
presence of a full-time mother in their
lives and it's just not fair to women
for some reason feminists believe that
men are grotesque foul-mouthed
ill-mannered bullies who treat women as
if they were nothing more than vaginas
and they feel a feminist can do all that
just as well as any man feminists are
angry that some men treat sex is a
fleeting meaningless physical pleasure
and they feel that women should treat
sex the same way and then wake up
feeling disgusted with themselves and
then blame men for their sense of shame
not to mention their incurable STD and
the baby they have to abort so that now
they'll spend the rest of their lives
distorting their own sense of morality
in order to avoid facing up to what
they've done then everything will be
fair feminists believe that women and
men have exactly the same capabilities
and it's only societal
that causes men to be better at math and
science and women to be better at
knowing that a 12 year old has been
doing something he wasn't supposed to be
doing even before he comes to the
freaking door for heaven's sake
feminists are sick and tired of being
treated like children who need a man to
take care of them and demand to be
treated like children who need the
government to take care of them
feminists believe that men have created
a world of unfettered capitalism
unbridled aggression and constant
warfare and they want to fight that by
making money acting tough and serving in
combat in general feminists believe that
men are bad and women are good and women
should be men and will then be bad which
will then be good so basically feminism
is completely irrational women trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show there's a we also
say yes it's nothing Florida's if it
isn't it's a wonder
alright if there's anyone left i have an
offended we're back in it's a mailbag
get mailbag day today and we will be
answering all your questions changing
your life possibly for the better but
that comes after the break you'll have
to come over to the Daily wire.com if
you're listening on facebook or on
youtube and while you're there you could
just subscribe for allows me eight bucks
a month and then you could ask questions
and have all your problem solved we also
have to talk about stamps.com I love
stamps calm because otherwise you got to
go to the post office I you know I
always have had this thing with post
offices like the suburbs people are
always saying how to post office out of
suburbs and I grew up in the suburbs I'm
always gonna like them that's not the
suburbs were really nice you know they
were really pleasant and I like the post
office they do a good job but I don't
want to go there I do not want to go
there because I don't want to have to be
anywhere in the middle of the day when
I'm at home working I don't have to go
out and go there I don't want to wait on
line that is the most important thing I
do not want to wait on line and people
still you know I write books I write
novels for young adults and I get these
letters you know written on notebook
paper from school you know and win a pen
and all this stuff and you got to answer
those right you can't just leave them
lying around so I gotta get stamps
stamps com it brings the post office
right into your house into your computer
you can order the stamps online it's
really simple you can print them right
out put them right onto the envelope
fundamental labels it's so much easier
and it's much easier than that thing
whose name I keep forgetting is a postal
meter right a postal meter yeah that's
so much easier than that because the
whole thing is right there and and right
now if you use stamps com you can enjoy
the stamp service with a special offer
that includes a four-week trial plus
postage and a digital scale without
long-term commitments gotta have that
scale so you can figure out how much
stamps go you just do the whole thing
into your desk I mean that can't be any
more convenient than that go to stamps
calm click on the microphone at the top
of the home page and type in Clavin que
la v as in Victor am stance calm and
enter Clavin and you will get a four
week free trial plus postage and a
digital scale stamps.com you never have
to go to the post office again so as
we're coming in there was this you know
big head
line on drudge that Steve benen was out
at the National Security Council I'm
going to wait him to comment about this
because I my spidey sense tells me this
is a minor minor story that they didn't
need them any there anymore with Mike
Flynn gone to balance the rush the whole
Russia of it all we'll find out tomorrow
what that's about I think they're gonna
play it it's going to be a big big story
today big shake-up and everything then
tomate by tomorrow they're gonna realize
it was just a minor shift you do I don't
even think he went I think he went once
he attended one meeting and then Flynn
was gone and he didn't have to do that
anymore so let's cover the important
stuff Barry Manilow has come out as
being gay I know you could have knocked
me over with a feather you know okay
next next you're gonna tell me it was
like Richard Sims Simmons you know
you're gonna like that I like Oscar
Wilde was gay there's a key city
occasion you come out until now because
you didn't want to disappoint his fans
you know because they would have been
like you know why he's gray what do you
mean his crazy young man still I should
he be great okay I don't know anyway I
think I think would be much more
exciting if he came out and admitted he
was Taylor Swift that would account for
both of their music I think what was the
other one Oh milania's arms are crossed
they put out an official portrait of her
and her arms across nobody so the Boston
Globe actually ran an entire op-ed about
what it means that her arms are crossed
because like Trump nothing that a Trump
does can be possible to rest they forgot
that John of Kennedy's arms across as a
favorite famous portrait of his you know
looking down and all that stuff anyway
but the big one my favorite story was
this Pepsi commercial have you seen this
Pepsi commercial commercial I'll
describe it because I know that some
people are listening not watching it the
Pepsi commercial it has this this
demonstration and you can't tell with
the demonstrations force for love and
peace it's for love and peace it's a
meaningless demonstration and kendall
Jenner is that her name so she's she
formerly Bruce's daughter is that what
she is so yeah yeah well but he's taking
jagan's he's formally daughter but he's
formerly Bruce right that's right miss
Martha's kendall Jenner she's a model
and you know that you must have a lot of
psychological problems because
father is now a sort of her mother and
she's in this thing this big protest is
going by and Kendall Jenner is in a
blond wig and she's doing a photo shoot
right and I kind of you know
good-looking guy kind of says kind of
join the the activism and all this stuff
and Kendall Jenner for Oracle e takes
off her blonde wig and wipes off her
lipstick and joins the march and there's
a Muslim woman in there for some reason
I have no idea what she's doing she's
taking pictures and she picks up a Pepsi
because it's a Betsey commercial and she
hands it to the kind of grim-faced cop
the riot cops are out there protecting
people and she hands it to him and he
takes a sip of pepsi and he smiles and
everybody cheers ok it's so the right
hated this because it romanticizes the
all these marches and protests and the
left hated it because it trivializes all
these marches and protests because it
actually was an accurate depiction of
the marches and protests as being
meaningless confusing groups of people
kind of parading their virtue and all
this stuff and it makes it all about
kendall jenner and pepsi i love this
commercial because it illustrates the
genius of capitalism the genius
capitalism I've always noticed this
capitalism is like the blob do you
remember that old horror movie with
Steve McQueen Ian on the blob would come
and eat people and then they would
digest in the blob would get bigger
right that's what capitalism does if
you're a communist and you're going to
power to the worker we all work with the
United just make a commercial have a
coke you know ever Pepsi yeah okay I
don't care what you think as long as you
drink their Cola yeah like it's all
about is all about hot kendall jenner
and the pepsi you know as i say oh
you're protesting have a colo we don't
care if you're really trying to bring
down the government wait to just have a
cola that's all that mattered so I loved
it it was like capitalism at it's very
best trivializing people get angry about
just as long as you're by the soda so
anyway this was so this is the news of
people talking about yesterday and
reminded me of a conversation I'd wants
of Douglas Adams you know the guy who
wrote The Hitchhiker's Guide to the
galaxy just before Adams died he moved
to Santa Barbara and I became acquainted
with him when I first met him I said how
do you like living in California cuz he
was here they were making his film into
a movie which unfortunately didn't turn
out very well but they're making us come
into a movie I so how do you like being
you said well it's fine except for the
news
back out because for Europeans when they
come to America they are stunned that we
never covered anything but ourselves and
this is true i mean i remember i
remember when i was in Afghanistan i
just got caught in some you know
transport place is gigantic hanger and i
was there for like hours and hours in
the end and ice la fox there was two TVs
and one had Fox News you want that CNN
and it was the election which is the
election every minute every minute
something else about the election the
election military and I thought you know
there are other countries but people in
Europe don't understand that our country
is so big you know our country is so big
that it covering Kansas for people of
these guys who never leave New York in
LA that's a big deal covering Europe
they forget about it I mean how often do
you even hear about what's going on do
we even know like you know Frank the
French politics will hear about marine
lepen but we don't really know the
issues over there they know because
their countries are so small so they
know other they know the news is taking
place so I have to bring this up and I
hate to bring it up because it's so
unpleasant but I we have to talk about
this thing in Syria that happened
because everything that's happening here
I mean this is what this is what bothers
me about this everything is happening
here this Russia conspiracy stuff and
you know all the hysteria about that all
the refugee problems that people are
having that are toppling governments
really Trump's election itself which was
so keyed in to illegal immigration all
of it goes back to Syria and it goes
back to the fact that Obama messed this
situation up now unlike Obama is not to
blame for Syria Bashar Assad is to blame
for Syria the bad guys are they the guys
would pull the trigger are to blame but
he sure mesta Singh a big-time so
yesterday evidence came out that they
had used again poison gas nerve gas they
dropped it on this town and they killed
at least 58 people 11 of them children
the pictures coming out look like they
could be from you know the Holocaust I
mean just absolute absolute atrocity and
disaster and Trump and Sean Spicer came
out and they said but it's true they
blamed it on Obama here Spicer it's just
audio but here's his statement today's
chemical attack in Syria against
innocent p
including women and children is
reprehensible and cannot be ignored by
the civilized world these heinous
actions by the Bashar al-assad regime
are a consequence of the past
administrations weakness and II
resolution President Obama said in 2012
that he would establish a quote unquote
red line against the use of chemical
weapons and then did nothing the United
States stands with our allies across the
globe to condemn this intolerable act so
this is now let's let's go back just
quickly over this everything Spicer said
is true it really Obama boluda people
who the mid Middle East really he really
did not just pulling out of Iraq like
that but what happened you'll remember
is that Hillary Clinton basically
convinced Obama to go into Libya and
overthrow Gaddafi and it turned into an
absolute disaster that was what Obama
said was the biggest mistake of his
presidency the worst thing happened in
his presidency the protests in syria
started out as peaceful protest they
weren't even trying to overthrow the
regime they were just saying give us
some more from civil rights and obama
was kind of like not going to do
anything he didn't give them any support
really didn't stand up for them at all
and then assad responded to those
protests with absolute brutality you
know total killing torturing the whole
thing and then there was this kind of
weak Assad must go but we didn't do
anything we didn't do anything right and
Obama said well famously he said well
we'll we'll do something if there's they
use poison gas I mean that would be a
red line so let's play that quote we
have been very clear to the Assad regime
but also to other players on the ground
that a red line for us is we start
saying a whole bunch of chemical weapons
moving around or being utilized and then
of course they continue to use chemical
weapons Duncan chlorine gas pump Union
this is the stuff that they poison
people with from world war one this is
why we have treaties and people said
well what about some
you gotta do something right what about
the red line here was obama's response
first of all i didn't set a red line so
the world federate line okay so the dog
set a red line the dog ate my homework
and he set a red line and I nights
nights not my fault like that John
Belushi thing it's not my fault
nothing's my fault Putin saw this the
world saw it all these bad actors poured
into Syria and started you know killing
people Isis all the terrorists
everybody's in there and basically this
gave Russia an excuse to go in and
pretend that they were fighting Isis
well what they were really doing was
just slaughtering Russia and Iran
Obama's good pal Iran who he's helped to
on the on the path to getting nuclear
weapons now Russia is establishing
Russia who was kicked out the Soviet
Union was basically kicked out of the
Middle East now Russia is has got a
presence there again they're helping
Iran they're killing all these people on
the on the scam that they're fighting
Isis what they're really fighting is
anybody who is going to bring down Assad
I'm going to pause here for a moment
because we're gonna have to say goodbye
before we do let us talk about a new
sponsor policy genius I was just talking
to these folks yesterday policy genius
is not about foreign policy it is about
life insurance policies and you know
with like especially young people do not
think about life insurance policies I
got a life insurance policy when I was
really really young and the reason is
it's cheap when you get it young it's
cheap you know and and by the time you
needed by the time it becomes something
that you know you've got a family you
want to make sure they're protected then
you got it you know then it's in your
pocket and the thing about policy genius
is what it is is it's a life insurance
marketplace or you can go in there and
you will get the best online the best
life insurance policies laid out for you
absolutely they don't take sides they
don't you know they don't sell you
anything there's no salesman they just
show you which ones you can get it's
really easy you follow it through and
they will show you what kind of life
insurance you can get and people have
discovered that they can make it that
they can get like for a savings of forty
percent by shopping around by comparing
one life insurance policy to another
it's a big deal you know I know it's
like especially if you're young is they
life insurance I don't need this is just
an extra expense but it's not true it is
an actual investment is actually money
well spent and one day when you actually
you know when it actually becomes
important you'll find that you've got it
you've got in your pocket has paid for
and you don't have to worry about it so
much anymore you know there are 35
million u.s. families that have no life
insurance they have no life insurance
and it's not a good thick me it really
isn't so go on just go on and try it go
on to policy genius policy genius.com
and try it out if you go on today you
can say to save over forty percent off
other prices for life insurance because
the life insurance life insurers are
competing this is not a sale that's just
when life insurers compete for your
business you can save as much as forty
percent off just go on policy genius.com
pol I c YG en I us.com no jargon no
sales pressure no hassle life insurance
made easy pre quotes zero hassle peace
of mind don't wait go to policy genius
calm today okay we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but the mailbag is
coming up so come on over to the Daily
wire.com
