it's time to examine the arguments for
and against confirming Neil Gorsuch to
the Supreme Court Republicans are saying
that Gorsuch is a universally respected
judge whose views almost always concur
with the majority and whose decisions
are almost always upheld by higher
courts Democrats are saying that Gore
search is a stinky doodoo head whose
mother wears funny shoes and who
probably kisses girls and gets cooties
Republicans point out that Gore search
is an original list who tries to find
the meaning of the law as was written
rather than twisting the Constitution
into the image of his own personal or
political opinions Democrats say holy
crap if he does that we'll never get to
do any of the things we want also the
Constitution is a stinky doodoo head
Republicans say elections have
consequences and Donald Trump is
selected a justice from a list he made
public long before he won the presidency
so the voters had a full chance to vet
and approve of his choice Democrats say
Donald Trump wouldn't have won the
presidency if it weren't for the
Russians and the electoral college and
he cheated and it rained that day and it
was so dark no one could see who they
were voting for and the dog ate all the
good people's votes and shut up shut up
shut up you stink Republicans point out
that no one has ever used the filibuster
to block a Supreme Court nomination and
to do so on what are purely partisan
political grounds would be both
dangerous and unamerican Democrats say
we can't hear you because we have our
fingers in our ears and we're singing
I've been working on the railroad very
loudly Republicans say we understand
Democrats are incensed that we didn't
allow the nomination of a lame duck
president to reach a vote but there is a
difference between playing hardball
politics and shutting down the entire
country by having a childish tantrum
because you didn't get what you wanted
Democrats say we're going to dig a hole
and cover it over with newspaper and
cover the newspaper with dirt so the
Republicans will walk on it and fall in
the hole and break their legs and then
we'll laugh Republicans say accepting
Supreme Court justices appointed by your
political opponents is a difficult but
necessary part of a two-party democratic
system and you have to Democrats say we
don't want to accept them we don't want
to and we won't we won't we want
Republicans say look you can't just
Democrats say we're going to hold our
breaths until our faces turn blue and
kick our heels on the floor and scream
until everyone does what we want
Republicans say
actually you can't hold your breath and
scream at the same time Democrats say
that's not fair you're never fair you
always cheat you stink we hate you we're
running away from home the debate will
continue until the vote later this week
or until Democrats are sent to their
rooms without supper whichever comes
first trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin
and this is the Andrew Clavin show
