it's time to examine the arguments for
and against confirming Neil Gorsuch to
the Supreme Court Republicans are saying
that Gorsuch is a universally respected
judge whose views almost always concur
with the majority and whose decisions
are almost always upheld by higher
courts Democrats are saying that Gorsuch
is a stinky doodoo head whose mother
wears funny shoes and who probably
kisses girls and gets cooties
Republicans point out that Gorsuch is an
originalist who tries to find the
meaning of the law as was written rather
than twisting the Constitution into the
image of his own personal or political
opinions Democrats say holy crap if he
does that we'll never get to do any of
the things we want also the Constitution
is a stinky doodoo head
Republicans say elections have
consequences and Donald Trump is
selected a justice from a list he made
public long before he won the presidency
so the voters had a full chance to vet
and approve of his choice Democrats say
Donald Trump wouldn't have won the
presidency if it weren't for the
Russians and the electoral college and
he cheated and it rained that day and it
was so dark no one could see who they
were voting for and the dog ate all the
good people's votes and shut up shut up
shut up you stink
Republicans point out that no one has
ever used the filibuster to block a
Supreme Court nomination and to do so on
what a purely partisan political grounds
would be both dangerous and unamerican
Democrats say we can't hear you because
we have our fingers in our ears and
we're singing I've been working on the
railroad very loudly Republicans say we
understand Democrats are incensed that
we didn't allow the nomination of a
lame-duck president to reach a vote but
there is a difference between playing
hardball politics and shutting down the
entire country by having a childish
tantrum because you didn't get what you
wanted
Democrats say we're going to dig a hole
and cover it over with newspaper and
cover the newspaper with dirt so the
Republicans will walk on it and fall in
the hole and break their legs and then
we'll laugh
Republicans say accepting Supreme Court
justices appointed by your political
opponents is a difficult but necessary
part of a two-party democratic system
and you have two Democrats say we don't
want to accept them we don't want to and
we won't we won't we won't republicans
say look you can't just democrats say
we're going to hold our breaths until
our faces turn blue and kick our heels
on the floor and scream until everyone
does what we want republicans say
actually you can't hold your breath and
scream at the same time Democrats say
that's not fair
you're never fair you always cheat you
stink we hate you we're running away
from home the debate will continue until
the vote later this week or until
Democrats are sent to their rooms
without supper whichever comes first
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show you know
my brother and I actually did that when
we were kids we dug a hole in our
backyard and we covered it over with
newspaper and we sprinkled dirt on it so
help me this is true and our neighbor
from across the way came I swear came
across and fell right into it all my
father was very very we were just doing
it as a joke we didn't think it was
gonna walk on it but there it was all
right a new sponsor and one that I have
been using for years proflowers.com I
have been using it for years because for
me someone like me holidays are like
it's like being in a horror movie you
know how in a horror movie the guy is
walking down the street jaunty jolly and
suddenly the guy with the knife he's
running around for me I'm walking along
I'm thinking my philosophical thoughts
you know I'm writing something my head
anniversary's so I go to proflowers.com
to make up for the fact that I stink
basically a bean the husband and and the
thing is you know I have I have a great
wife my wife would never say oh you
didn't get me flowers or you forgot
Valentine's Day you've just never said
which makes it worse right because that
means you've got to actually do it so
proflowers.com incredibly easy website
you go on you can just see right in
front of you what you're gonna get right
now they have a special offer just for
our listeners where you get $10 off any
purchase of $29 or more and it works on
all the best selling gifts like a
hundred blooms bouquet a dozen red roses
or even they're totally unique plants
you know it's just it really is terrific
and the thing is they guarantee this is
kind of amazing they guarantee that the
flowers you get will be fresh for seven
days or your money back they have a
seven step quality check which means the
flowers are always awesome and it's just
you know it's not just your wife you can
get it for someone else's wife no don't
do that
for friends you know everybody likes
getting flowers even I like getting
close do yourself a favor and you can
help out the show by going on and
putting in the code
aku go to proflowers.com and enter the
code aka even my listeners can remember
that a K at the checkout to get a
special deal right now you get $10 off
your purchase of twenty nine dollars or
more at ProFlowers and the deal will not
last long so go on and get them now and
enter your code a K and that helps us
because they know we sent you alright so
the mailbag is tomorrow and and it's the
last mantle bag because I'm gone the
week after that I'm gone for Holy Week
into Easter and I'll be in England so I
can't answer your question so if you
have problems you can have them solve
now or you're stuck with them until I
come back which you know who knows what
could happen by then you have to go on
and subscribe to the daily can they be
in the mailbag even if they don't
subscribe for the year yeah nobody knows
any I've asked who are you why how did
you get in my room but yes you just that
you don't have to subscribe for the year
but you subscribe for a month it's a
lousy 8 bunks bucks you can ask any
question you want they get answers
guaranteed 100% correct and will change
your life possibly for the better so
that's tomorrow and the last one for a
while an amazing amazing cover-up is
underway John Nolte you know we pat him
on a couple of days ago to talk about
the the press he's a great media
observer and his his Twitter handle is
CNN is Hitler but but CNN isn't Hitler
CNN is Nixon ABC CBS NBC there Nixon
they cover up everything and they just
they are line the suit we we had this
story on we started yesterday it was
just breaking as we came on the air
yesterday that Susan Rice we now know as
was asking for stuff to be unmasked
four names to be unmasked American names
on surveillance and was looking into
specifically conversations with the
Donald Trump transition team in the
Trump team that had nothing to do with
the investigation into Russia this had
nothing to do with the investigation
into Russia the daily call caller is now
reporting that former prep that Susan
Rice is a former President Barack
Obama's national national security
adviser Susan Rice ordered US spy
agencies to produce detailed
spreadsheets of legal phone calls
involving Trump and his aides when he
was running for president according to
former US attorney Joseph digenova what
was produced this is Genova digenova
talking what was produced by the
intelligence community at the request of
Miss Rice were detailed spreadsheets of
intercepted phone calls with unmasked
Trump associates in perfectly legal
conversations with individuals now look
I'm not saying that what she did was
illegal it wasn't it's not illegal for
somebody a national security adviser to
have names unmasked but the way it was
done and the fact that it all started in
July when Trump started to become a
threat it's very very very suspicious
it's a big big story and the fact that
she lied about it we played the cut
yesterday we shall I said I knew nothing
she was on TV today an MSNBC this was
just happening as I was coming to work
play art not the knot cut five but the
later cut number fifteen this is not
anything political has has been alleged
the allegation is that somehow Obama
administration officials utilized
intelligence for political purposes
that's absolutely false let me explain
how this works I was a national security
adviser my job is to protect the
American people in the security of our
country that's the same as the Secretary
of State the Secretary of Defense the
CIA director and every morning to enable
us to do that we receive from the
intelligence community a compilation of
intelligence reports that the IC the
intelligence community has selected for
us on a daily basis to give us the best
information as to what's going on around
the world she goes on to say that she
says I didn't i leaked nothing to no one
she says now
or this is the woman who went on five
morning Sunday shows and lied about
Benghazi right she this is a woman whose
credibility is already in the crapper so
we don't have to we are had no
obligation to believe a word that she
says so let's just play this out because
this is genuinely amazing okay Mike
Serna vich is I think he's kind of a
kook he's an alt right guy he's the guy
who spread a lot of that pizza gate
thing where Hillary Clinton was secretly
running child's child sex ring out of a
pizza parlor people yelled at me when I
said this story was garbage the story
was garbage I researched it down to its
back down to its sources it was absolute
nonsense and people were literally
writing me saying are you telling me
that anchovies isn't code for child porn
it's yes it's code for anchovies but
people put anchovies on their pizza so
Serna bitch is a little bit of a kook
Serna bitch broke the Susan Rice story
before Maggie Haberman of The Times or
before Eli Lake I think his name was at
at Bloomberg right sort of it's broken
how did he break it you have to listen
this is an amazing piece of video here's
Serna vich talking about how he broke
the story and where his sources work
Maggie Haberman had it Maggie Haberman
had it she will not run any articles
about her critical of the Obama
administration Eli Lake had it he didn't
want to run it and Bloomberg didn't want
to run it because of indigent vindicates
Trump's claim that he had been spied
upon and Eli Lake as a never Trump er so
Bloomberg was a never Trump publication
so I'm showing you the politics of real
journalism okay real journalism is that
Bloomberg had it the New York Times had
it they wouldn't run it because they
don't want to run any stories that will
make Obama look bad or that will
vindicate Trump they only want to run
stories that make Trump look bad so
that's why this ad on it and so where
did I get the story I didn't get it from
the intelligence community that's the
big joke about this everybody's trying
to figure out where I got it from I got
it from somebody who works in one of
those media
I have spies in every media organization
so people think now oh I must have got
it from deep state I must have got it
from who are my sources in the
administration I got people in newsrooms
I got it from a source within the
newsroom who said tournaments are
sitting on the story they're not gonna
run it you can run it so kooky
conspiracy blog or Serna vision gets the
story cuz he has sources in the newsroom
and now the story has been confirmed all
over so he's right he scooped them
because they were just like just like
the you know Woodward and Bernstein had
sources in the government now bloggers
have sources and newsrooms to get the
story to pry stories out if they're if
they happen to make the Obama
administration look as bad as it was
that's an amazing turnaround that is
amazing Don Lemon is on CNN declaring
defiantly that he's not going to tell
you the truth declaring defiantly that
he will not report the story today it's
a claim that President Obama's former
national security adviser Susan Rice
unmasked the names of Trump associates
we will talk about that in detail in
just a moment on this very program and
last week it was a debunk talking point
that former Obama administration
official Evelyn Farkas admitted spying
on the Trump team she did no such thing
the week before that it was
representative Devin Nunez clumsy effort
to give the president cover for
wiretapping claims the president said he
was vindicated by Nunez he was not the
Washington Post today calls the latest
claims about Susan Rice anatomy of a
fake scandal gende up by right-wing
media and Trump so let us be very clear
about this there is no evidence
whatsoever that the Trump team
surveilled or spied on were spied on
illegally there is no evidence that
backs up the president's original claim
and on this program tonight we will not
insult your intelligence by pretending
otherwise nor will we aid and abet the
people who are trying to misinform you
the American people by creating a
diversion not going to do it
that's the latest at CNN reporter pay no
attention to the scandal but no let's
stop for just a second let's stop we you
know Susan Rice hasn't been caught doing
anything illegal we don't know that
she's the one who leaked Mike Flynn's
name which is a felony we do not know
who did this but a lot of stuff is
piling up so just think about this for a
minute right let's pretend you're an
actual real-life reporter not for not
somebody who works for ABC or CBS or NBC
or CNN or the New York Times but an
actual journalist somebody who wants to
get the truth and now you've got what
looks like the thread the tail end of a
thread of a story that maybe the
President of the United States maybe
some of his highest people were spying
on the political opposition you have got
the story of the decade this is a big
look this is a bigger scandal than
Watergate before the cover-up this you
know that was just a break-in to spy on
other you know that was an actual
break-in to spy on another candidate
this is using the intelligence services
to spy on another camp this is a big
story you've got suddenly nobody cares
no you know Don let Don Lemon is just
gonna tell you there's no proof there's
no evidence Don that's your job that's
your job is to find the evidence to be
so on fire for the truth that no matter
where it leads you follow it not to tell
you we're not gonna do it we're not
gonna do it not happening forget it it's
not we know it's a it's this is insane
the press has become and so you make you
know I was worried I talked last week
about the things that I was worried
about Trump and how they all came true
but they didn't come true as badly as I
thought they'd they would and one of the
things I was worried about Donald Trump
is that his bad behavior would give
credibility back to the media that had
sold its credibility to cover up for
Obama you know I was afraid that Trump's
behavior would be so bad that they would
make the mainstream media look good
again instead instead the mainstream
media has acted so badly that they're
giving credence to guys like Tsarevich
that they're making conspiracy theorists
look good compared to them I got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube but come
on over to the Daily wire calm here the
rest of the show and subscribe for a
lousy eight bucks a month and you can be
in the mailbag tomorrow
