in a breaking scandal of Titanic
proportions a 2002 interview has come to
light in which Vice President Mike Pence
says he will not dine alone with a woman
who is not his wife it does not go to
events where alcohol is served unless
his wife is present they left erupted
with outraged at the news that pence
took steps to avoid being unfaithful to
the woman he loves some compared pence
to a Muslim though being a Muslim is of
course fine but pence is worse not to
say Muslims are bad but something
something something as one Twitter
leftist put it quote it's very important
that I comment angrily on the personal
lives of people I dislike otherwise I'd
have to confront the fact that my own
life is a meaningless vortex of anger
and loneliness that compels me to spread
the same leftist values that have made
me so terribly terribly unhappy unquote
feminists of course were particularly
bitter and outraged about the remark
they were also bitter and outraged
before the remark during the remark and
after the remark as prominent feminist
commentator shrilly miserable told the
cats and her partially furnished studio
apartment quote it's offensive to women
to think that just because one of us
sits down to have dinner with Mike Pence
she would want to run her hands through
his authoritative silver hair and gaze
deeply into his steely brown eyes while
sort of accidentally touching his
muscular calf with her stocking foot and
confessing that sometimes she seek lis
secretly wishes some powerful man would
come along and rescue her from the drab
emptiness of her own misguided
philosophy unquote journalists also
joined what NPR called the quote Mike
Pence misogyny debate the journalist
felt the conversation wasn't quite as
stupid and shallow as it could be and
they were sure the opinions of
journalists would fix that problem write
up the website Vox ran an article saying
it was illegal for pence not to dine
alone with women I'm not making that up
and Cosmopolitan's website ran an
article mocking pence just one day after
they posted a confessional piece by a
quote side chick that is the girl who
was sleeping with your husband because
he didn't follow the rules laid down by
Mike Pence and of course we all remember
how the media celebrated Bill Clinton's
quote complicated love story after
Clinton whitewashed his marriage of
infidelity and sexual harassment
during his convention speech last year
well those same venues attacked
hence for being quote a puritanical
latent womanizer that profoundly
meaningless phrase comes from slate
which is called slate because you have
to be as dumb as a paving stone to read
it the issue for those of you who can't
figure out why there even is an issue is
that pence acknowledges the truth about
human nature and takes steps to ensure
he does what's right instead of what's
wrong when you're a leftist feminist
standing out in the cold wearing a
stupid pink hat after voting for a woman
who helped intimidate her husband's
harassment victims into silence that can
make you feel kind of bad about yourself
maybe it's just a hat trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right
we have best-selling cultural
correspondent and troll supremo Michel
Knowles is coming on to discuss just how
very very much the left love science and
supports science and we're gonna talk
some more about Mike Pence and some news
that's just breaking before that I want
everybody who is watching this program
or listening to this program to take a
look in the mirror and ask yourself the
question would you let that person
operate a piece of heavy machinery of
course not people who listen to the
Andrew Clavin show ninety percent more
likely to drift into states of Vedic
bliss which makes it impossible to drive
a car and that's why you want to get
lift lift is a nap ly ft it's an app you
just download it press it you can get a
car at your house in just a few minutes
and this is different than the
competitor that little a than the
competition because lift puts safety
absolutely number one every driver is
fully vetted through a ten point safety
standard including third-party criminal
and DMV background checks so you get a
lift
that is creep free you don't have to
worry about being safe and comfortable
the vehicles have to pass a 19-point
vehicle inspection and leave lift even
has an industry-leading insurance plan
which protects you the moment your lift
driver picks you up and lift offers a
better experience because you know why
you can tip their driver in the app that
is innovative and it makes your guy
happier and that's also why 9 out of 10
lift rides get a perfect five-star
rating because you get a happy safe
creep free experience and lift has a new
am P device which uses a color-coded
system so you can easily find the right
car and you don't have to say your name
to your driver through a cracked window
it's all designed to get you where you
need to go a without letting someone
like you drive a car which let's face it
is a disaster and B gets you there
safely and pleasantly right now lyft is
offering our listeners a special deal
for new users get three free rides up to
ten dollars each or even though I have
to sell people on the stuff that they're
giving it away three free rides for up
to ten dollars each that's up to a $30
value when you enter the promo code in
your app clayvin que la vie a
que la ven you gotta spell it right to
get the promo code just download the
free lyft app today and enter promo code
clayvin in the payment section you'll
start with three free rides up to ten
dollars each that's up to a $30 value
that's promo code Clavin that's promo
code KL a VA n in lift ly ft alright so
before we get to what I want I really
want to talk about I have to just talk
about this breaking news that it was
happening as I was driving into work
White House lawyers it's now been
revealed that White House lawyers have
discovered over the weekend I wrote this
piece called Obama spied media lied it's
now featured on Real Clear Politics I
wrote it for my PJ Media blog Clavin on
the culture but it's just about the fact
that this whole Trump and the Russian
story is falling apart
Adam Schiff who has been casting about
these McCarthyite accusations is now
admits they don't have any evidence that
Trump colluded with the Russians but
this thing about Obama surveilling Trump
is really coming together it's really
becoming a big story and the latest part
of the story is that former national
security adviser Susan Rice and we all
remember Susan Rice she's the one who
went on five morning talk shows on
Sunday and lied about Benghazi not being
a terrorist attack right and then they
kind of threw her under the bus it
wasn't us who lied it was Susan Rice
rice has now been asking it's now been
shown that rice was asking to unmask
people who had been caught up in
surveillance American citizens caught up
in surveillance of foreigners their
names are supposed to be masked
apparently Susan Rice was contacting the
NSA and asking them to unmask these
things so obviously that was so the news
could leak and they she could send all
this stuff to the press and what's what
is interesting about this is it also
gets Devon Nunez off the hook if you
remember to have the newness they were
saying how why did he have to go to on
the White House grounds to get this
material well it was in the NSA
computers probably where Susan Rice was
making these requests and I just want to
play we'll have to talk about this more
tomorrow if we can but I want to get on
to other things because this news is
just breaking but before I stop I just
want to point out that Susan Rice was
asked about this stuff by Judy Woodruff
not that long ago let's play this cut in
the last few weeks the New York Times
has reported than in the final days of
the Obama
individuals went out of their way to
spread information throughout the
government about what they knew about
intelligence that the Russians had
interfered in the election last year and
that there may have been a connection
with Trump campaign officials so that
story has now been out there for several
weeks could there be a connection here
I'm not aware of any connection I had
read the New York Times story I must say
Judy is one of the most senior White
House officials and the most senior
responsible national security
I found that report a bit perplexing I
was not aware of any orders given to
disseminate that kind of information was
having so I have no idea whether that
was the case roll no that sounded almost
like a bald-faced lie to me and I would
bought his boldface going too far
you know I always just loved in this
administration that Trump says wiretap
ins that are surveilled and the lead is
he lied he lied you know as well but
lying so there's gonna be more on that
coming down the pike all right I got I
got to talk just a little bit more about
this Mike Pence thing because this is
absurd this is the way you know they
make it set first of all if he were a
Muslim doing it nobody would say a word
if you were a an Amish doing it nobody
would say word I know the fact that he's
a Christian who wants to protect his
marriage he called it a zone of
protection around his marriage this is a
big deal first of all I think why is it
anybody's business the way the guy runs
his marriage and keeps himself safe and
second of all why do we have to ignore
the fact that men especially powerful
men get a lot of opportunities men
powerful men get a lot of opportunities
a and B men are susceptible to seduction
like you know kind of like water is
susceptible to running downhill so like
he's just all he's doing is
acknowledging the truth of this and what
the point I want to make today the thing
I want to talk about today is how
radical the left is and how much the
press and the narrative tries to teach
us that that radical destructive idea
they have of
people are like what men and women are
like what the what Supreme Court
justices are like and what they should
they should do how radical it isn't how
everything they do is meant to convince
us that this is the norm it should be
normal for me you know what why why does
he have to be this you know jihadi
Christian who won't even sit down with a
woman well you know he's just
acknowledging the truth about the way
men are and the way women are and the
way things go you know why is that so
difficult why do we have to all lie to
make the left feel better and they it's
always the same argument well it's not
fair it's not fair that a guy can go out
with Mike Pence and sit around and have
a couple of drinks with them and kind of
you know solidify his relationship with
the boss but a woman can't do that it's
not fair it's true it's not fair but on
the other hand it's not fair when you
have guys like Bill Clinton sleeping
with every woman in sight and using
their power to intimidate people and
possibly rape people that seems a lot
less fair to me and it seems unfair to
women that these these poor political
wives constantly have to stand there
with that stupid smile on their face
standing by their men while their men
cheat on them every other day and also
Mike Pence is doing a decent thing he's
ensuring that he does the decent thing
why is that so difficult you know there
was an article in The New York Times
that it actually bowled me over that it
was in the nothing nothing what was in
it but the fact that it was in the New
York Times about the fact that the young
people hold more traditional views like
Millennials young Millennials hold more
traditional views about what a good
marriage looks like then older people
than people in that generation that got
sideswiped by feminism and talked into
this idea that men and women were the
same and everything should be the same
and everything should be egalitarian now
because it's in the times they used the
term egalitarian but you just have to
override that for a minute and listen to
what is actually being said the
proportion of young people holding
egalitarian views about gender
relationships apartment grows steadily
from 1977 to the mid 1990s but has
fallen since in 1994 only 42 percent of
high school seniors agreed that the best
family was one where the man was the
main income earner and the woman took
care of the home in 2014 fifth
8% of seniors said they prefer that
arrangement that is a big jump that's 16
percent in 1994 fewer than 30 percent of
high school seniors thought the husband
should make all the important decisions
in the family by 2014 nearly 40 percent
subscribed to that premise in 1994 83
percent of young men rejected the
superiority of the male breadwinner
family by 2014 that had fallen to 55
percent in other words in other words
nature thrown out the door comes back in
through the window you know this is you
know they propose they batter these they
batter these young men and these young
women with this false view of what makes
people happy and what works in a family
I mean listen I don't mean to be shallow
but look at women they're made for doing
a certain thing they were created for
doing a certain thing and it's
fulfilling to do that thing it doesn't
mean it can't be other things in a
woman's life doesn't mean there's not a
point after you raise children where you
can't go off and do other things
but it's like it's not in men's nature
to do that stuff and it isn't men's
nature to protect and to provide and so
so like it's just that they're selling
us this radical stuff and then when you
say that's radical and it's destructive
and it makes people unhappy and it makes
children unhappy and you know it then
they tell you that you're the bad guy
that there's something terribly terribly
wrong with you and you know this is
something that is standard in all
cultures every single culture every
single culture has a division between
women's work and men's work and women
have always worked they've always worked
really hard
they just do different work and so when
somebody says you know why aren't there
more women in you know the sciences why
are there more women in math it's like
every single culture for all of time has
had this division
they are the radical ones we're gonna
have to break and leave Facebook and
YouTube and then when we come back we
will have the all-powerful troll Michael
Noel's we at this point I just feel it's
a privilege that this guy has come out
from under the bridge where he's getting
the Billie Grove Goats Gruff to come
over and join ours and he has news do we
bring we brings insane oh he always
brings insane - but first we have to
talk about stamps calm
I love stamps calm because everything in
my life is about not getting caught on
every single thing I mean I live in LA
I'm almost never on the freeways I mean
I would walk before I get on the
freeways cuz the freeways are always
jammed up and I would rather take more
time to get somewhere and keep moving
you know I just want to keep moving and
that's why as much as I love the
post-office I don't like to go to the
post office because there's always a
line and you can't get there 24 hours a
day I mean I that I don't sleep at all
so I do stuff 24 hours a day with
stamps.com
you get stamps delivered right to your
computer you can print them right out of
your computer right onto an envelope
right onto a label anyway you want to do
it and it's just like having a post
office in your home it's easy it's
convenient you don't have to depend on
the post office to be there you don't
need one of those gizmos I keep trying
to describe these gizmos take care I can
never remember what they're called these
those uh-oh I don't know what they
whether they call it doesn't anybody you
know why nobody knows because stamps.com
has made them irrelevant that's why
nobody knows everybody's forgotten but
they used to be these tremendous heavy
things that you had in a business to
print out your stamps to get your stamps
it was just huge and if you dropped it
on your foot you were a goner but stamps
calm you do it all from your computer
it's it really is so much easier and so
much more flexible and convenient right
now you can enjoy stamp service with a
special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale
without long term commitments that means
you don't have to leave your house to
weigh the stuff that you're mailing you
know how much stamps you need so go to
stamps com
click on the microphone at the top of
the homepage and type in clayvin que la
vie ani keep doing this because people
misspelled it it's que la v as in Victor
aan that stamps.com enter Clavin
stamps.com enter Clavin and never go to
the post office again we got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube come on
over to the daily wire calm and listened
to the rest of the show or subscribe
subscribe for a lousy eight bucks a
month and you can watch the show right
at the site
