former vice president and lovable loon
Al Gore has declared that global warming
is the principal cause of the civil war
in Syria and of the brexit vote in the
UK really Weird Al made the comments
during an interview in London then he
spun the propeller on his striped beanie
and predicted that if he got it going
fast enough he'd be able to fly around
the room and cool the atmosphere at the
same time Gore's theory is that droughts
in Syria forced people to move into
cities where stupid Obama policies had
caused the rise of Isis so British
voters opted to leave the oppressive EU
and therefore everyone should give Al
Gore even more money now it's something
like that wiping the drool from his chin
wiping the drool from his chin while
handlers rebut entire properly the man
who was once so help me
very nearly President of the United
States for crying out loud went on to
say quote I predicted all the way back
in 1996 that if we did not take drastic
measures we would all die by 2006 it's
lucky I was able to bring everyone back
to life using my magic powers and make
them forget the entire incident with the
memory ray hidden in my wristwatch but
believe you me it was a close call
unquote Gore's amazing ability to
predict environmental disasters makes
him only the latest in a long line of
environmental disaster predictors whose
uncanny accuracy and exactitude are
matched only by the absurdity of their
gibberish for instance in 1970
environmental scientists predicted that
by 1985 air pollution would reduce the
amount of sunlight reaching the earth by
1/2 and not making this up
this led environmentalist to predict an
ice age by the year 2000 which is why it
got so dark and cold 17 years ago though
actually that may just be because I
passed out in the bathtub and didn't
regain consciousness until 2:00 in the
morning then of course there was the
prediction that the world would
experience a population bomb in this
scenario scenario advanced back in the
1960s population was going to increase
so fast that soon people would swarm
through our cities like locusts
devouring everything in their path
including other human beings unless Brad
Pitt could make it to Wales and find the
cure this prediction of the exact plot
of World War Z more than
two years in advance still stands is an
awe-inspiring example of
environmentalist accuracy in predicting
ludicrous fantasies environmentalists
have also predicted that our oil would
run out and that there would be
widespread famine which is amazing
because my oil actually did run out just
yesterday and by the time I walked to
the gas station I was starving one thing
is certain though as long as Al Gore's
alive
the climate will continue to experience
huge intermittent gusts of hot air
followed by intense periods of
side-splitting hilarity trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
