I can't help but notice that there's a
big difference between the way
conservatives and leftists present their
points of view this I think is
indicative of a central difference in
our philosophies conservatives believe
there is such a thing as truth that the
truth is based on reality and reality is
made up of facts this is why you often
see conservatives pointing at charts and
discussing the latest research just
before a large angry crowd attacks them
with clubs and beats them into a
bleeding mass of pulpy flesh and then
pours alcohol over the still quivering
pile of gore and sets it aflame and then
votes the smoldering ashes out of office
leftists have another point of view
sometimes called relativism
post-modernism or lying
you see leftist believe there is no such
thing as objective truth as American
philosopher Richard Rorty wrote quote
and this is a real quote objectivity is
a matter of inter subjective consensus
among human beings not of accurate
representation of something non-human
wordy then called for another whiskey
but he couldn't get an intersubjective
consensus that whiskey existed so he was
forced to settle for a beer before
stumbling to the empty space where he
could have sworn he'd parked his car
essentially left us believe the truth is
a story that we tell this makes language
very important because language creates
the story that creates the truth leftist
therefore are very concerned with what
things are called if someone who can't
walk is called crippled for instance
that's prejudicial because it creates
the impression that he can't walk
instead we should refer to him as
handicapped then when people start to
realize that handicapped is actually a
euphemism for crippled we should call
him differently-abled and when that
comes to mean crippled we should call
him special and so on until he leaps out
of his wheelchair and shouts hallelujah
I can walk and falls on his face because
he's crippled and because leftist
believe the truth is just a story retell
they are very good at telling stories
that's why leftists are very successful
at creating fiction as they do in
Hollywood and in the new york times
while conservatives are pointing at
charts and facts
figures to show that for instance
American police officers do not shoot
black people for no reason left to seize
on a story about one black person shot
by one police officer and use that story
to make black people so angry that they
become violent and are shot by the
police finally because leftist believe
the truth is just a story they have to
make sure that stories they disagree
with don't get told this explains why I
left this blacklist conservatives in
Hollywood why they commit acts of
violence when conservative speakers come
to universities and why brian Stelter
still has a job on CNN when by all
rights he should be standing at the
corner of Hollywood and Vine dressed as
spider-man and taking pictures with
tourists
you see leftist believe their story is a
great one it's a story of equality and
peace and universal love so if you
disagree with it they'll destroy you
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
