you remember that time Republicans said
they couldn't stop democratic spending
if they were minority in Congress so
conservatives elected them to majority
remember that time the Republicans said
they couldn't stop democratic spending
if they were minority in the Senate so
conservatives elected them to a majority
you remember that time Republicans said
they couldn't stop democratic spending
if they didn't have the White House
since the president could just use the
bully pulpit to blame Republicans for a
government shutdown so conservatives
elected trump president yeah
Republicans were lying Republicans now
have the opportunity to pass continuing
funding for the federal government
through the budget process this would be
an excellent time to make approval of
funding contingent on defunding of
various democratic priorities after all
if Democrats attempt to shut down the
government presumably President Trump
can rail against them by publicly
blaming them for harming Americans just
like Obama did to Republicans but that's
not what's happening
as Daniel Horowitz writes a conservative
review Senate Republicans have not only
guaranteed Democrats they will give them
all the policies and spending levels in
the budget bill but they will also
jettison the president's request for a
supplemental spending bill for
construction of the border wall along
with spending offsets so what kind of
garbage are Republicans funding this
time in order to avoid a government
shutdown fight you remember the same
kind of fight they said a minority party
could never win back in 2013 when Ted
Cruz tried to to fund Obamacare first
they're gonna keep funding for Planned
Parenthood so five minutes ago President
Trump was tweeting about how the freedom
caucus had maintained federal funding
for Planned Parenthood by not going
along with Trump care now we learned
that according to the hell Paul Ryan
quote sought to avoid another political
landmine on Tuesday by arguing that
language defunding Planned Parenthood
should be kept out of the spending
legislation he now says instead he wants
to fund Planned Parenthood through
reconciliation so do it
speaker Ryan what is stopping you aside
from your own political cowardice second
they said that they're going to keep
funding for Obamacare so Republicans had
time after time during the Obama
administration that if they kept funding
continuing budget resolutions they'd be
funding Obamacare now the Republicans
control the whole process and they're
still gonna fund Obamacare why because
the Democrats might shut down the
government Senator Dick Durbin said that
Republicans would be blamed for a
shutdown because they control all the
branches of the government but we are
told by Republicans that minority
parties shutting down the government
damages minority parties so what the
hell
finally apparently they're not going to
fund the Trump wall Republicans now say
they won't provide the three billion
funding requested by the Trump
administration to build a border wall
which was of course Trump's top campaign
promise they won't do it because they're
afraid of democratic filibuster of
course so it appears that the new
standard for Republicans is that the
government must never shut down under
any circumstances which doesn't actually
make them very different from Democrats
does it I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show okay so I will have a lot
to get to today I'm going to begin today
with the meltdown in the Democratic
Party the himself the self-immolation of
the Democratic Party but then we have to
get to the self-immolation of the
Republican Party which is twice as
dramatic and twice is unacceptable
considering that they're the majority
party in Congress and they have the
presidency so we'll start with the
Democrats who for some reason have
decided to rush headlong over the
Gorsuch cliff so right now polls show
the two-to-one Americans think the judge
Gorsuch ought to get an up or down vote
on the Supreme Court now to be fair
polls showed that people thought that
Merrick garland should get an up or down
vote on the Supreme Court but
Republicans weren't damaged by that
because nobody really cares all that
much I don't think people care all that
much about the gore such thing the real
problem here is not the public opinion
polls the real problem for Democrats is
that if they use the filibuster on
Gorsuch and Republicans then nuke to
filibuster next time Trump comes back
with the swing vote let's say Anthony
Kennedy resigns and suddenly Trump has
that fifth vote on the Supreme Court
Democrats will have already nuked the
filibuster so they will have no option
but to basically sit there in line so
what they would be smarter off doing is
saying look or switch is a good
consensus nominee we'll pass him through
and then next time that's when you have
the filibuster fight you say this is the
fifth vote on the Supreme Court we can't
have somebody who's so far right-wing we
need somebody who's a consensus pick
that would be the smart politics of the
situation but that's not what they're
doing and that's because everybody on
the Democratic side hates Trump so much
that they're not even willing to to
engage in smart politics in order to
hurt him which is an incredible thing
here's Chuck Schumer opposing the the
nomination of Judge for such that's why
he's having trouble learning 60 votes
there was a seismic change after his
hearing there were suspicions about
Judge Gorsuch when you look at his early
writings and who he hung out with
and particularly that it was on a list
that put the Heritage Foundation who
most Republicans think is too far to the
right
was chosen from that list he was chosen
from list
Chuck Schumer so Chuck Schumer clearly
has no idea what he's talking about he
kind of loses his train of thought in
the middle there and starts thinking
about how nice would be to be on a beach
not talking about judge Gorsuch because
this is a losing issue for Democrats the
Democrats just continue to maintain that
Trump is going to fall apart of his own
accord they're not gonna have to do
anything to push it and so they may as
well just oppose him at every turn
Maxine Waters whose hair most definitely
does not look like James Brown's hair
stop saying that Maxine Waters said the
Trump doesn't deserve to be President
and so he came to the presidency with
the kind of character and background
that made me distrust him but not honor
him and not respect him and of course he
got the presidency because he was able
to get those votes from those few states
that put him made him the winner rather
and so he's the President of the United
States people are still talking about
he's going to change he's going to
become presidential he has not changed
he is not presidential as a matter of
fact he's worse now than even he was in
the campaign and I think that he does
not deserve to represent us in the world
we're being dissipated good luck with
this game I mean if this is the real
plan here the real plan is just that
they're gonna rail against Trump for the
next four years that would give
Republicans a major opportunity and what
would give Republicans even more of an
opportunity is the fact that the only
real scandal on the table that we
actually know about at this point is the
intelligence community leaking so people
have talked about this and I said this
ad infinitum at this point the the fact
is that everybody's talking about Trump
Russia are the connections between Trump
and the Russian government supposedly
there hasn't been a shred of evidence
right now showing coordination between
the Trump team or the Trump campaign and
the Russian government zero shreds of
evidence lots and lots and lots of
evidence however that the obama
intelligence community was widely
disseminating information attempting to
essentially implicate the Trump team in
Russian ties and foreign ties so a
former Obama intelligence official this
this video has been around for probably
three weeks but now it's sort of being
passed around again because of Trump's
accusations this former obama
intelligence official issues i guess a
former assistant deputy secretary of
defense she says that it was clear that
in the last days of the obama
administration she along with other
people was encouraging a lot of people
in the intelligence community to widely
disseminate information about President
Trump in order to basically make sure
that the Trump team didn't come in and
destroy it so here's what she had to say
as clip 16 it was more actually aimed
aimed at telling the hill people get as
much information as you can get as much
intelligence as you can before President
Obama leaves the administration
and in what she actually says there is
she says that they raced to basically
pump out information on Trump she said I
had a fear that some of that information
would disappear when senior Obama people
left so I'd be hidden away in the
bureaucracy that Trump folks if they
found out how we knew what we knew about
their Trump staff dealing with Russians
that they would try to compromise those
sources and methods meaning we no longer
have access to that intelligence so I
became very worried because not enough
was coming out into the open and I knew
that there was more we have very good
intelligence on Russia so then I had
talked to some of my former colleagues
and I knew that they were trying to also
get help infra to get information to the
hill her name is Evelyn Farkas and she
was the Deputy Assistant Secretary of
Defense under President Obama so she's
basically saying that there was
information there and we were widely
trying to disseminate it specifically
with the goal that it would become
public okay it would be illegal for all
of this unmasking you know the unmasking
of Mike Flynn for example the National
Security Adviser that's actually illegal
you can't just throw out wiretapping
information on American citizens even if
they were caught up in a foreign wiretap
you can't just throw that information
out there and then pretend like nothing
bad happened that is legal violation
Democrats are ignoring a scandal that
obviously is real in favor of a scandal
that may very well be faked the Trump
Russia scandal the Trump administration
continues to deny it so the Democrats
really have nothing here they're
basically just hoping that the
Republicans set themselves on fire
fortunately that's a pretty good bet so
the Republicans have decided that it'll
be totally worthwhile to set themselves
on fire President Trump
yesterday he was he was speaking at the
White House with some people he said
don't worry health care is going to be
easy I love that he's continuing to say
this after the failure of Trump care and
demonstrate a little bit of a disconnect
here as president Ron and I know that
we're all going to make a deal on health
care that's such an easy one so I have
no doubt that that's going to happen
very quickly I think it will actually I
think it's going to happen because we've
all been promising Democrat Republican
we've all been promising that to the
American people so I think a lot of good
things are going to happen there okay
what does Trump actually want to do here
what he actually wants to do here is he
wants to come up with some sort of
bipartisan plan so that's not going to
happen look at look at Chuck Schumer
stalling on Gorsuch was a consensus
nominee if ever there was one got zero
votes against him when he was elevated
to the appeals court under under george
w bush here he is saying that he
basically wants a consensus plan and
then just to double down on that today
Donald Trump once
were openly with the freedom caucus
again so here's what he tweeted he
tweeted the freedom caucus will hurt the
entire Republican agenda if they don't
get on the team and fast we must fight
them and Dems in 2018 we must fight them
in twenty that the freedom caucus you
mean the Conservatives you mean the tea
party people for a large constituency in
your base need to like Louie Gohmert who
openly campaigned for you and Mark
Meadows who openly campaign for you
those are the people you have to fight
because they voted against Trump care
Donald Trump is now trying to
triangulate he's trying to do a Bill
Clinton except that he owns the Congress
okay
Clinton waited until Republicans around
the Congress to triangulate Trump is
preemptively trying to triangulate the
problem is Democrats are not interested
in working with President Trump this
file is hard by the way on last week's
tweet storm targeting the freedom caucus
over the failure of his Trump care plan
you recall we talked about it at length
he said Democrats are smiling in DC that
the freedom caucus with the help of Club
for Growth and Heritage have saved
Planned Parenthood no care now as you'll
recall five seconds ago I just told you
about how the Trump administration along
with speaker Ryan are gonna preserve
Planned Parenthood funding in the
current budget deal because they're
afraid of Democrats so who's preserving
Planned Parenthood funding oh that's
right it's the establishment and
president Trump but now it's clear that
Trump is trying to go to war with these
conservatives and he's figuring one of
two things one he can peel off enough
conservatives from the freedom caucus to
vote with him on future bills by
threatening them that didn't work out
well last time or two he's figuring that
by yelling at the freedom caucus
suddenly Democrats will be warmer to him
which is idiocy the Democrats are not
going to work with President Trump they
think that he's vulnerable they have
their boot on his throat and they
figured that he's the 35 percent
approval rating right now if they just
keep demonstrating that he's ineffective
and unable to get anything done he'll be
down in the 20s for Trump Bannon Reince
Ryan for all these people to be advising
Trump to walk across the aisle to
Democrats is just pure al idiocy it is
so stupid just mathematically it's
idiotic
right now Republicans have 246 votes in
Congress you need to 18 in order to have
majority there are 30 members of the
freedom caucus Trump in that tweet alone
says that he's gonna fight Democrats and
the freedom caucus Democrats and the
freedom caucus
combined have more than 218 votes ok
Democrats it that that means that
Republicans who are not the freedom
caucus and this doesn't even include the
establishment Republicans who voted
against Trump care ok there's another 10
to 15 people
okay that right now Trump is at like 216
at the upper limit he's at 216 unless he
can peel away some of these freedom
caucus members by screaming at them on
Twitter and they apparently don't care I
mean if you if you take a look at how
the of these conservatives are
responding Thomas Massie and
representative for Massachusetts not
technically a member of the freedom
caucus but is a very conservative member
of Congress he said it's a swamp not a
hot tub we both came here to drain it
swamp care polls at 17% sad Justin Amash
from from Michigan he says it didn't
take long for the swamp to drain Trump
no shame mr. president almost everyone
succumbs to the DC establishment and
that's basically right that's basically
right so here's the question where do
Trump's actual sympathies really lie
apparently you know we were told that
they lied with the Mike Pence wing of
the party that they lied that they lay
with the louie gohmert wing of the party
that when Trump cottoned office he'd be
an anti-establishment conservative that
is my friend Dennis Prager says he'd be
a conservative dream here's how this
administration is actually broken down
aside from Judge Gorsuch which he
basically delegated to Mike Pence in the
Heritage Foundation to pick aside from
those people everything that he
delegates to his own staffers like the
EPA Scott Pruett at the EPA or attorney
general sessions at the DOJ all that
stuff is good everything that Trump
sticks his hands into turns into a mess
because Trump is not actually
conservative and he has very anti
conservative tendencies and that is
obvious
at least he has Paul Ryan to fall back
on though Paul Ryan came out today
and he said that in the end he said that
it's gonna be the conservatives who
forced Trump to work with the Democrats
which is Ryan's way of kissing Trump's
ass I hate the sort of this sort of
nonsense this is a joke okay this is
basically saying that if Daddy Trump
decides to cheat on money conservatives
with mistress Democrats that's just
because money conservatives weren't
putting out enough if mommy
conservatives had only been willing to
go along with all the weird things that
Daddy Trump wanted to do then it
wouldn't have had to go to mistress
Democrats for a little bit of pleasing
outside the bonds of the holy matrimony
this is just stupid it's just stupid and
guess who's happy about all this of
course it's Mitch McConnell so here's
Mitchell McConnell ripping the freedom
caucus I would hate to be a Republican
whose vote prevented us from keeping the
commitment we've made to the American
people for almost 10 years now
and at some point we'll get down to the
final vote you know the one that that
really counts and so I'm optimistic that
none of my members any and want to be
responsible for the status quo
don't Obama care I think the American
people would be deeply disappointed that
we were prevented from keeping our
commitment by Republicans who in the end
in effect voted for the status quo it's
absurd Mitch McConnell is a joke and so
is Paul Ryan when they do this routine
the only people who voted for the status
quo were the people pushing Trump care
which was Obamacare light the only good
thing in Trump care as I have said now
one thousand and seven hundred and
thirteen times the last count the only
good thing in this bill was Ryan's
proposal to change Medicaid from a blot
from a from a need-based grant program
to a block grant program even that was
subject to future change by Congress
right now we are being told that
representative Chris Collins has the
Tuesday group which is another group of
Republicans in Congress met last night
and agreed they will not meet or work
with the freedom caucus if they call
just hang up so in other words the
freedom caucus wants to talk about
negotiations and other Republicans are
now ostracizing them because they think
they're gonna work with Democrats well
done guys just well done this is just
genius I am so glad that you are all
able to put together such a wonderful
wonderful administration working with
the geniuses like Paul Ryan Mitch
McConnell remember when Donald Trump was
anti-establishment when exactly does he
become the establishment when he's
ripping on the freedom caucus telling
conservatives to go shove it and telling
and talking about who's gonna work with
Democrats which Trump's name to jeb bush
and y'all would be up in arms you would
even your Trump supporters switch his
name to Jeb Bush pose exactly the same
thing that he's doing right now at the
freedom caucus and you'd all be up in
arms and you would have a right to be up
in arms because this is a joke it is a
joke Jim Jordan who's on the freedom
caucus representative Jordan from
Indiana he says that the the American
Health Care Act is not the 10
commandments and this is coming after
Ted Poe a member of the freedom caucus
walk saying that the the freedom caucus
would vote against the 10 commandments
they're now trying to do exactly the
same thing Democrats did with
conservatives they're trying to say that
conservatives are intransigent purists
Jim Jordan says it's not that we're
intransigent purists it's that the AHCA
Trumpkin was crap well Allison there's a
little bit of difference between the 10
commandments and
piece of legislation that only seventeen
for the seventeen percent the country
approves up so I would just say look at
the four corners of the document look at
the legislation itself what did it do
what didn't it do it didn't repeal
Obamacare fully it didn't lower premiums
it wasn't supported by the Republican
Party every major conservative
organization in the country opposed it
and said only 17% of the country liked
it so there is a frankly a big
difference between the ten commandments
and a piece of legislation that only
seventeen percent of the country
approves of let's fix that legislation
let's do what the president said let's
get it let's get a deal put together but
one that accomplishes what we were sent
here to accomplish that's always been
our focus that continues to be our focus
and we're going to be hard at work
making sure we accomplish that so how's
all this working across the aisle
working out for Trump as I said at the
top of the show Republicans are now
caving on his Trump wall they're not
even funding his Trump wall in order to
get through a budget resolution you
think the freedom caucus would have gone
along with that of course they wouldn't
have the freedom caucus would have been
people calling for the wall funding but
those people are being excised by
President Trump in favor of Democrats
Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan just
disgusting well before we continue on
here and I want to talk about the media
and how they are continuing to to go
crazy over just absolute silly stupid
nonsense I first want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at Birch gold so if
you are somebody who wants to invest in
precious metals right now you're looking
at the economy thinking yourself I'm not
sure where which way this thing is gonna
go if you're worried about threats from
abroad if you're worried about the
instability and financial markets in
Europe then now would be a good time to
put some your money in gold and the way
to do that is to call my friends up at
birchgold.com slash many go to
birchgold.com slash Ben you can get a
comprehensive 16 page free kit that
tells you how gold and silver can
protect your assets and your savings how
you can move your iowa our IRA or 401k
into precious metals you should always
have part of your portfolio in precious
metals I certainly do
ask all your questions get all your
answers and then when you're ready to
invest in precious metals talk to my
friends over at Birch gold group again
they have lots of five-star ratings they
have an A+ rating from the Better
Business Bureau they are the people
you're gonna trust with your gold
investment birchgold.com /then okay so I
want to talk about the media's attempts
to tear down Trump not on the basis and
there
it's not on the basis of their obvious
and competence which is actually what's
happening but on the basis of just
absolute nonsense
but for that you're gonna have to go
over to Daily wire come out and talk
about this pence thing where they're
trying to rip down pence over the awful
awful news that he only likes to eat
alone with his wife not other women as
opposed to Bill Clinton who only likes
to eat alone with other women not his
wife we'll talk about that we will also
get to the mailbag and if you want to be
part of the mailbag today then you need
to subscribe go to daily wire.com
right now and check it out $8 a month
gets you a subscription annual
subscription gets you a free signed copy
of Michael Mills best-selling book
reasons to vote Democrat a comprehensive
guide sure it's blank but it's the best
gag gift that you will ever give anyone
who sold tens of thousands of copies my
quote is on the front says Thoreau you
can get a free signed copy of Knowles's
book when you go over to Daley wire calm
right now getting the annual
subscription the Shapiro store should be
coming within the next month I know I
keep saying that but don't worry my
promises are good I'm like politicians
it will happen so we will make sure that
that happens daily wire calm to become a
subscriber or if you just want to listen
to the show later go to iTunes or
SoundCloud make sure you leave a rating
over at iTunes we always appreciate it
this is the largest conservative podcast
in the nation
