bill cosby got sent away for three to
ten years or the stuff that he he was
doing over many years he drugged women
he's been convicted of this now many
many women have come forward he drugged
women and had sex with him in their
sleep
Bill Cosby as I think I've mentioned
before was a tremendously important
character to me when I was growing up
when I was maybe 11 12 years old he was
a hero to me like I can't even think of
what you know other kids had baseball
player heroes he was a hero to me he was
a role model he was a way that you could
be funny but he was manly because he was
in that show I spy which I saw every
single episode of I had every record
that he had I saw him in concert time
again time again I talked my father into
taking me to California to meet him
while he was filming his first special I
met him while he was filming the opening
of the special I mean he was a genuine
for about a year or so he was a genuine
hero of mine and to see this happen it
breaks my heart it breaks my heart but
here's the thing even though we see
things differently according to where we
come from and what we believe and what
we feel we see things differently I saw
I have I have no there's no doubt in my
mind that justice was done he should go
to prison I think the victims are what
matter here but because he was so
important to me I have empathy for him I
feel for him I see he must be a very
very sick man to do what he did to me
that's not even a sexy thing to do to
you know drug somebody and sleep with
her while she's asleep that's it just
seems to be like some kind of bizarre
fetish but that's the bizarre fetish she
has and because of that he did terrible
things to people listen to his publicist
Andrew Wyatt I listen to what he says
after the conviction after the sentence
great and mr. Cosby knows that God is
watching over him so he knows that these
are lies
they persecuted Jesus and look what
happened not saying mr. Cosby Jesus but
we know what this country and gather
black men for centuries
so mr. Cosby is doing fine he's holding
up well and everybody who wants to say
anything negative
way up thank you did you sexual assualt
Windham I thank you
he starts out by saying you know they
persecuted Jesus too and then he says
well I'm not saying he's Jesus but and
and of course that's that's just
distortion because your principles have
to override your feelings I have
feelings for Bill Cosby cuz he was my
hero but my principle is that what he
did was terribly wrong a terrible
terrible thing to do and he's got to pay
for it he's got to go to prison and his
wealth and his fame and his
contributions and his incredible talent
he was a brilliant comedian in his youth
those things those things don't matter
because the principle matters above all
things
