Meteor reports from the british press in
the aftermath of wednesday's truck and
knife attack on Parliament resulting in
the death of at least four people in
catastrophic injuries to more than a
dozen more have focused in on the
identity of the perpetrator in vague
terms we knew according to the Telegraph
that the attacker was described by
witnesses as quote an Asian guy in about
his 40s carrying a knife about seven or
eight inches long the Daily Star of the
UK called the suspect a black or Asian
man who was spotted running with an
eight-inch knife the Daily Mirror called
him quote reportedly Asian in appearance
the picture of the suspect shows that he
is in fact some guy from the Middle East
or Pakistan in America Asian has a
different connotation than it does in
the British press it generally means
people of Pakistani or Indian descent
not people from Southeast Asia as it
does in the United States it's also
often a cover for Islamic background the
press will generally avoid talking about
the religion of a suspect in favor of
focusing in on ethnicity and then they
will broaden out the ethnic label to
include people who aren't Pakistani in
order to create the impression that the
Pakistani perpetrator might not be a
Muslim in May 2012 the BBC reported that
groups representing Sikhs and Hindus
complains in the media about the use of
the term Asian to apply to nine
Pakistani suspects erected for grooming
girls for sex the network of sikh
organisations UK the hindu forum of
britain the sikh media monitoring group
UK accused the media of unwillingness to
mention the quote disproportionate
representation of muslims in such cases
and the non muslim identities of the
victims calling the asian label quote
unfair to other communities of asian
responsibility adding quote we believe
that in this case the government itself
is sanctioning the use of the
termination as way of clouding
responsibility the same pattern held
true in reporting of the Rotherham
incident where British authorities
fearful of supposed backlash held back
on investigations into a serious upsurge
in rape and child sex slavery involving
Muslim men up to 1,400 children were
involved the police filed a report in
2010 to openly mention and quote a
problem with networks of Asian offenders
both locally and nationally and stated
that the crimes were related to culture
from 1997 to 2013 the crimes were under
police and underreported this is how
media and government turn individual
criminal issues into actual tribal
conflicts by refusing to hold everyone
to the same standard
refusing to acknowledge that not all
cultures are equally compatible with
Western standards of decency and in
using ethnic descriptors rather than
ideological ones the media and
authorities actually drives you know
phobia rather than alleviating it as
well as sweeping up innocent people in
the net Sikhs and Hindus do not deserve
to be placed in the same risk category
as radical Muslims with regard to
terrorism attempting to protect moderate
Muslims by ignoring all ideological
leanings whatsoever is stupid and using
the over broad ethnic descriptor Asian
pretending the Indians and Pakistanis
are part of the same ethnic group for
purposes of avoiding idea logical
conclusion jumping is purposeful
obfuscation of accuracy maybe the
terrorist isn't Muslim we now know that
he is that would have been possible but
it's not fine to give the public
misleading information on the grounds
that they might jump to conclusions
suggested by probabilistic thinking and
then lumping innocent people in the
process i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show
okay I'm you spending some hot fire
today because there's a lot of line
going on I'm gonna to bunk all of it
because it's really maddening it's
really making me upset I'm very sick of
it I am annoyed I am frustrated everyone
is lying they're all lying to you and it
is making me sick to my stomach and so
we are going to put an end to that today
when we discuss the truth about what's
happening on this Trump Russia stuff and
on the wiretapping stuff and on all the
rest of it on Trump care so many lies so
little time so much to get to but first
we have to say thank you to our
advertisers over at wink so if you are
somebody who knows nothing about wine
like me if you're somebody who would buy
just a a bottle of grape juice that is
fermented too long and think that that
was wine number one you don't know
anything about wine number two you need
to actually go to try wink calm slash
Ben because you're going over to
somebody's house and now you need to
bring a decent bottle of wine and that
old bottle of Quetta mayn't gonna do it
so you need something that's actually
gonna go with the food you go to link
tribe link calm and they ask you what
your tastes are like what kind of
flavors you like and then they
personalized a bottle to you they they
tell you what bottle you will like all
the bottles of wine aren't our cheap the
staff has tried them they say that the
wine is really really top-notch which is
why they're always drunk tri wink calm
slash pending at $20 off plus
complimentary shipping when you try wink
calm slash Ben and it's winc it used to
be Club W it's winc wink calm slash Ben
and again the bottles are not random
they are personalized to your palate and
and you can rate the wine that you
choose so they won't send you the same
bottle again if you don't like the wine
they will replace it with a bottle that
you like no questions asked 100%
satisfaction guarantee try winked comm
slash Ben they cover the shipping for 20
bucks off right now which is could be
like two bottles so that's that's a
pretty solid deal try wink comm slash
been terrific service particularly if
you're ignorant about what wines are
good okay so so as I say lots of lying
going on many Ally from all sides and
it's making me want to vomit so let's
begin with the biggest lie told by the
media last night that Donald Trump is on
the verge of impeachment all is over
Donald Trump they found the silver
bullet Anderson Cooper Anderson Cooper
is
is on CNN and he says we have new
information what is that new information
well we now know that the FBI may or may
not have information that Donald Trump's
team was coordinating with the Russians
in order to release info on Hillary
Clinton during the campaign here is the
silver fox Anderson Cooper she knows
Pamela brown and Evan Perez joining us
now they broke the story along with our
justice reporter Shimon pro-q PEZ Pam
first what are you learning well
Anderson the FBI has information that
indicates Associates of President Donald
Trump communicated with suspected
Russian operatives to possibly
coordinate the release of information
damaging to Hillary Clinton's campaign
US officials told us FBI director James
Comey made his bombshell announcement as
you'll recall Monday before Congress
that the FBI is investigating the Trump
campaigns ties to Russia so the FBI is
now reviewing this information which
includes human intelligence travel
business and phone records as well as
accounts of in-person meetings according
to the officials all the sounds pretty
damning right this sounds like ooh the
FBI has the material that can get Trump
his associates were working with the
Russkies and they were going to take
down Hillary Clinton Adam Schiff the
ranking Democrat on the House
Intelligence Committee he comes forward
and he says basically the same thing but
you admit it's a circum all you have
right now is a circumstantial case
actually no Chuck I can tell you that
the case is more than that and I can't
go into the particulars but there is
more than circumstantial evidence now so
again I think do you have seen direct
evidence of collusion I don't want to go
into specifics but I will say that there
is evidence that is not circumstantial
and and is very much worthy of
investigation this is rumor mongering no
rumor mongering here's what the CNN
report actually said the FBI has
information that indicates Associates of
President Donald Trump communicated with
suspected Russian operatives to possibly
coordinate the release of information
damaging to Hillary Clinton's campaign
okay so in the first sense you have
three qualifying words indicates
suspected and possibly and then when you
read down to of course paragraph Niners
head in the article quote one
law-enforcement official said the
information in hand suggests people
connected to the campaign we're in
contact and it appeared they were giving
the thumbs up to release information
when it was ready but other US officials
who spoke to
CNN say it's premature to draw that
inference from the information gathered
so far since it's largely circumstantial
so no Adam Schiff apparently the
information is largely circumstantial
according to other US officials so they
got one person saying is not
circumstantial a bunch of people saying
it is circumstantial and the entire
media running with it
Trump is on the ropes it's all over okay
no it's not come on cut it out okay so
that is side one exaggerating the case
or lying or making the case have to be
ironclad when it simply is not then on
the other side we have a bunch of people
saying that Trump has been vindicated in
his wiretapping claims so no he hasn't
no he hasn't
okay I'm just being honest here if you
don't want honesty there are plenty of
other places that will tell you that
Trump is the the most vindicated person
who has ever lived and all is well in
all this crap okay here is what Trump
actually said Trump said that like
McCarthy like McCarthy there was
purposeful wiretapping of Trump Tower
and I'm not I'm gonna be specific I'm
not even gonna say that it was
wiretapping of Trump Tower specifically
we'll make the claim a little broader
will say that Trump said that Obama
directed surveillance at him will make
it even broader than that Trump said
that Obama intelligence officials
directed surveillance at him and his
officials okay that's what we will say
now is there any evidence of that
whatsoever no there isn't any evidence
of that whatsoever okay all the evidence
suggests so far that if there were Trump
associates who were caught up in the
quote-unquote surveillance they were
caught up incidentally meaning we don't
have any FISA warrants that we know
about other than I think one report in
like heat Street or something there are
no FISA warrants that we know about they
were actually directed at u.s. citizens
on this one
there's no FISA warrant that went out on
on Mike Flynn for example there's no
FISA warrants as far as we know there
was no direct surveillance of these
people now does that mean that there was
no surveillance of these people know
that there was surveillance of these
people in the same way that for example
you wouldn't say that the cops were
targeting knew if they were staking out
a drug den and you were a client okay
they weren't targeting you they were
targeting the drug den and you were a
client okay this is the same thing
that's happening here they were
targeting the Russians and the Russians
were talking to Trump people and some of
the Trump people were on the line with
the Russians that is not the same thing
as what Trump was claiming which was
Obama basically put a team on me and my
friends and then he was attempting to
gather information on us so that he
could release it and take us down
okay that's not true so it doesn't
matter people have gotten into this
business and it's driving me absolutely
up a wall up a freaking wall okay the
left did it during the Michael Brown
Darren Wilson scenario where they
claimed hands up don't shoot and people
like me said that never happened and
left said ah you're right it never
happened but the facts may not true be
true but the narrative is true and we'd
say what the hell does that mean well
you show me some facts generating a
narrative and then we'll determine if
it's true you can't just say the
narrative is true without any facts to
back it up hey the right is now doing a
lot of the same stuff on Trump's
surveillance claims so it is true
factually speaking that there were
people who are in the Trump team who are
caught up in the surveillance net that
was directed at people who are not the
Trump team okay that is true you don't
have to draw a narrative from it okay
that's just a fact what is not true is
when you take Trump's original claim
that he was purposefully wired captive
by Obama and then you broaden it out to
not only include Trump but also his team
and then you broaden it out to also
include incidental collection of
information and then you claim Trump is
vindicated that's a bunch of horse crap
okay so here's what Devin Nunez said
yesterday we can go through this in
detail because I think it is important
to debunk things that are not true I
still care about things like truth even
if they don't benefit my side quote
unquote okay here is Devin Nunez he
starts off by saying this is his big
announcement that was supposedly
earth-shattering yesterday he is the the
ranking Republican on the House
Intelligence Committee and he had just
gone to the White House and met with
Trump on this I was concerned that other
surveillance activities were used
against President Trump and his
associates so first I recently confirmed
that on numerous occasions the
intelligence community incidentally
collected information about u.s.
citizens involved in the Trump
transition details about u.s. persons
associated with the incoming
administration details with little or no
apparent foreign intelligence value were
widely disseminated in intelligence
community reporting third I have
confirmed that additional names of Trump
transition team members were unmasked
and fourth and finally I want to be
clear none of this surveillance was
related to Russia or the investigation
of Russia
tivities or of the Trump team okay so
here's the important part so that we'll
get to the wiretapping part of the the
leaks part in a second because Nunez is
right on the leaks that is the most
important part of what is happening in
all of this I agree with that because
again there is no hard information that
one Obama directed wiretapping at Trump
or two that Trump is in the pocket of
the Russians but what we do know with
100% certainty is that Obama
intelligence officials were leaking
information to the press that is a crime
okay and those people need to be tracked
down and prosecuted because regardless
of how they got the information on Mike
Flynn being on the phone with Syria kiss
lyac or whatever his name is
they they were not supposed to release
that that is illegal so the last part of
what he's saying is not the
controversial part it's the first part
What did he say
here is what he exactly said again the
intelligence community incidentally
collected information about US citizens
involved in the Trump transition
incidentally okay so for all the people
claiming that this vindicates Trump know
incidentally means the drugs Eli was
talking about before incidentally means
that they were listening to the Russians
and some Trump people were on the other
end of the line that is not the same
thing as what Trump claimed and to
pretend that it is is to be dishonest
okay and then it is clarified okay
reporter says were these communications
picked up at Trump Tower
we don't know that yet that's why we
need to get the information okay and
then he is asked specifically was Trump
targeted or was this just incidental
collection of information was he just on
the other line you know I think we have
to I think what we have to when we talk
about intelligence products here we've
got to be very careful from what I know
right now it looks like incidental
collection stop it incidental collection
okay clip four are you concerned that
the surveillance was done illegally was
there anything illegal here here's new
names for any of the surveillance was
done illegally or incidental but illegal
that's great yeah that's that's a really
good question so I believe it was all
done legally but there again that's not
what Trump is claiming Trump is claiming
that he was illegally surveilled that's
what he says okay so again is this great
stuff no but is are you claiming the
intelligence community is doing things
that they're not doing if Trump is doing
that that's bad it's it's just
mind-boggling to me that people are
willing to overlook basic truth because
they want a political agenda to win here
okay I hate this Trump could have easily
made the case that the leaks that are
coming out of the Obama apparatus are
the problem that was against the mark
levin made okay mark levin was right
okay the case that Trump has made is not
that because Trump reads the headline
assumes what he wants to assume and then
determines that it's true based on his
gut that day he basically said that
today an interview of time which I'm
gonna get to in a second again just more
fibs mm okay continues he is now asked
Devin Nunez the the house Intel chip he
has asked about whether the president's
conversation appeared in intelligence
reports
conversations or anything about the
president of Carrington intelligence
reports that were you're saying I have
seen I have seen intelligence reports
that clearly show that the
president-elect and his team were I
guess it at least monitored and
disseminated out in intelligence and
what appears to be raw or I shouldn't
say raw but intelligence reporting
channels is not being exact in his
language here it's annoying when he says
his team work was monitored people are
latching on to that to say oh that means
that Trump was right he was surveil
except that Nunez said a half dozen
times in this press conference that it
was the Russians or whoever was on the
other he doesn't mean see it was the
Russians he says who's ever on the other
end the line was being surveilled and
Trump was caught up incidentally said
that a thousand times who just played it
him doing it a bunch of times in a row
okay and the weirdest part is that Nunez
actually said it has nothing to do with
the Russian investigations also all of
this was happening between the election
and Trump's inauguration okay so in
other words Trump claims he was wired
capped in October purposefully by Obama
not one element of that has been
verified okay not one element of that
has been verified it just hasn't again
does that mean that the leaks are okay
no the leaks are terrible and that's why
it's so stupid that everybody on the
Left keeps denying that the leaks are
bad and everybody on the right keep
saying Trump was right no none of all of
its crap all of its crap all of its crap
and then finally Nunez's asked this
morning he was asked actually if he got
all of this information from the White
House because he apparently went to the
White House and gave them the
information before he gave the
Intelligence Committee all this new
information supposedly that he's
breaking in his clip 16 and he won't
answer the question over the course of
this investigation we've had many
sources who have come to this committee
and as you can imagine some many don't
want you to know they don't want anyone
to know who they are and I think you
guys in the press understand this you
you had your own sources there so
engineered by the Trump administration
to money launderers
yeah look I came out here and briefed
you guys yesterday I said this is what
I'm gonna go do so that you knew the
president didn't invite me over I called
I called down there and invited myself
because I thought he needed to
understand what I saw and that he needed
to try to get that information because
he has every right to be right to see it
response to this and he says look this
is you don't get to not tell the rest of
the Intel committee and then just go
coordinate with the President on
something that is currently at issue and
investigation and I hate to say this but
Adam Schiff is not entirely incorrect
here is it Adam Schiff Democrat of
California nightstand Adam Schiff but
everybody's lying it's the worst okay
it's really impossible for us to
evaluate any the merits of what the
Chairman has said but I can't say this
the Chairman will need to decide whether
he is the chairman of an independent
investigation into conduct which
includes allegations of potential
coordination between the Trump campaign
and the Russians war he is going to act
as a surrogate of the White House
because he cannot do both how dare
Schiff go after Nunez for all of this
okay you know what okay see this I don't
have my shoe with me this is the shoe
put it on the other foot you see the
shoe put it on the other foot let's
pretend for a second there was some
independent investigation of Barack
Obama going on okay and Barack Obama
made an allegation that Republicans were
targeting him okay and the head of the
investigation into that thing then went
to the White House without telling the
other Republican members of the
committee briefs to the President on all
that stuff and then came back with a
bunch of talking points that helped the
president would you be okay with that I
wouldn't be okay with that everybody
needs to stop with this crap what is
true is true what is false is false and
when people claim now Trump is claiming
he's vindicated he's not vindicated okay
Trump is claiming vindication on
something where he's not vindicated and
I'll explain why this matters in a
second and it's not just all talk in
jabber
okay here's Trump saying he was
vindicated
I somewhat do I must tell you I somewhat
do I very much appreciated the fact that
they found what they found but I said
what do I somewhat - okay well of course
he feels vindicated because anything
that provides him any fig leaf under
which to hide makes him feel vindicated
now I'm gonna explain in a second why
all this matters and why it's not just a
bunch of jabber and well I think there
is something that is deep at stake that
I don't like okay but first I have but
first I want to say thank you to our
advertisers over at Zeile so ze Elcom
promo code Ben will get you 25 bucks off
a massage ilka ID anyone right now
everybody my family has used the old
Zeile is fantastic you scheduled a
massage for your house they do a
background check on you to make sure
that you're not some sort of creeper but
the people who come and give you them
they're all professionally licensed to
masseuses we've had four or five
different masseuses you actually do
massage on people in my family my sister
has gotten a massage the raziel I think
to actually through Zeile my father has
had one I've had one my wife has had one
my mother-in-law has Headlands deal is a
fantastic service and again not only is
it cheaper than having to go to a spa it
also means they don't have to wait in
line in this by actually gets to
schedule it at your house they bring all
the materials they bring the table they
bring the they bring the soothing music
the whole deal and it is just an
excellent service it makes it one of the
things that I like to say is that in
life there are certain things that just
make you feel rich even if you're not
and zeal is one of those things and
seola's in zeal is one of the things
that will make you feel not only rich
but healthier after you use it to start
off right now you go to ze e Elcom make
sure to click add promo code to check
out and use my name Ben you get 25 bucks
off your first massage by doing that
some pretty solid deal ze e Elcom zeal
comm promo code Ben and you can use
their iPhone or Android app and you get
that that special offer with promo code
button that lets them know that we sent
you as a thank you to them okay so the
reason that all of this is important and
then I have to go to another set of lies
on Trump care now the Democrats are
telling the reason all this is important
is because unfortunately President Trump
has an extraordinarily casual
relationship with the truth that's not
good for a Republican president if you
want him to succeed he needs to have a
certain level of public trust and that
level
public trust can only only be built if
he says true things well it did an
interview with Time Magazine's at
President Trump today and this interview
is just it's just awful okay again I
have a very consistent standard here
when people tell the truth I like it
when people lie when they obfuscate I
don't so Trump honest-to-god the man
treats the truth like a whore he treats
the truth like a whore and he leaves
some money on the bedside stand in
pursuit of his actual goal which is
power and you may like the things that
he does with that but let's not pretend
that truth is not truth Democrats do the
same thing then I don't want to pretend
that this is solely Trump okay Democrats
do the same thing politicians do it all
the time but he's supposed to be
somebody who represents me and
represents the American people and he is
and he's instead pursuing whatever
idiocy comes into his mind at a given
time I'm really angry about this because
it's undermining what could be a great
agenda it's undermining what could be
great policies its undermining true
things that need to be said because he
can't keep his mouth shut okay it's
really frustrating it's really
frustrating so two things one Trump
number one will say things that are just
blatantly untrue and then he will defend
them all the way down the line and two
Trump mistakes predicting things for
saying true things those are not the
same thing and they're not the same
thing Donald Trump for example says
things like I was totally right about
brexit okay you did he predicted brexit
in March 2016 congratulations does that
mean that he said true things about Ted
Cruz's father no it doesn't mean he's a
truth-telling person it means they made
a good prediction on brexit okay bookies
do it all the time would you trust a
bookie to take care of your kids at
night and not the same thing just
because you predict things and I
shouldn't say all things you predict
some things correctly that does not mean
that you are a trustworthy person and
the reason that I say this is because in
this interview Trump says he's a very
instinctual person but my instinct turns
out to be right so he just says things
without any sort of verification number
one he says he was asked about about the
Obama wiretap Trump Tower comments he
said we will see what happens look I
predicted a lot of things that took a
little bit of time okay that was not a
prediction that was a claim of fact
about what has already happened okay if
I say that the war of 1812 was not
engaged in in 1812 that's not a
prediction that's a misstatement of fact
if I say the Civil War didn't happen
between the north and the south
Amerika my answer to that cannot be
afterward well you know eventually I'll
be proved right no no it's just not true
and he's supposed to know he's the
president okay when he still says in
this interview that he'll be proved
right about his unsubstantiated claim of
three million undocumented votes in the
2016 election no you don't have any
evidence of that and you claimed that it
happened so you have to provide evidence
of that I like evidence
I like fats don't tell me that the
narrative is true and the facts are
false is a bunch of crap he justified
again the Ted Cruz again
okay okay year after it happened the Ted
Cruz's father murdered JFK garbage he
called that he said that he said quote
that was in the newspaper that was in a
newspaper number one was in the National
Enquirer number two so the hell what
you're the one who keep saying that the
news is fake news and you can't trust
what you read in the newspaper unless
apparently it's the National Enquirer in
the same interview he calls the Wall
Street Journal fake news so let's just
to get this straight the National
Enquirer is real news but the Wall
Street Journal is fake news and when
he's asked about his accusations at
British intelligence was complicit in
wiretapping he goes why do you say I
have to apologize I'm just quoting the
newspaper just think I quoted the judge
the other day Judge Napolitano you're
the president you can pick up the phone
and find out whether this is true don't
we have some responsibility to the truth
and look this is not about hurting Trump
the minute he starts doing good things
I'm more than happy to praise him I want
I want to praise him okay I want the
President to do good things so I can
praise him but I'm not gonna praise him
lying just because it benefits my side
that's a bunch of horse manure and
people who do that are complicit in
destroying their own credibility and the
credibility of politics we cannot have
conversations with each other if all we
do is say the facts don't matter all
that matters is my narrative if that's
the case the facts don't matter at all
and we cannot have a conversation in the
slightest okay with that rant on I now
want to move on to trump care and where
that is because that is still moving
along and there's a lot of controversy
over where that's going and a big lie
that is currently happening from the
left on Trump care we'll talk about that
in just a second but for that you have
to go over to Daley wired.com and become
a subscriber daily wire.com
$8 a month gets you a subscription if
you want an annual subscription over at
daily wire then you can get a free
signed copy of reasons to vote democrat
a comprehensive guide by our very own
Michael Mills
just a brilliant thorough piece of
literature on why do vote Democrat and
Amazon bestseller sold tens of thousands
of copies The Dude's getting rich off of
it which is shocking but in any case
daily wire calm you can get a free copy
it's a lot of fun eight dollars a month
and annual subscribers get that copy of
that book if you if you just want to
listen to the rest of the show a little
bit later you go over to iTunes or
SoundCloud and you can check out the
show over there leave a review at iTunes
we do appreciate it and this is the
largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
