if you've been feeling a little out of
sorts lately bloated crampy over
emotional it may be because it's that
time of the month when we visit our
favorite website everyday feminism here
at the Andrew Clavin show we love
everyday feminism it gives us a day off
from writing creative hilarious satire
that underscores the absurdity of
leftists because all we have to do is
read what's on the site outloud there
are a couple of wonderful pieces up on
everyday feminism right now for instance
here's one about a woman who is pregnant
with a baby girl is called eight things
I'll do to raise a fat positive kid
you see feminists believe that girls
feel too much pressure to be physically
attractive so that they'll be healthy
and have a positive sense of themselves
and appeal to the visual instincts of a
man who might then get to know and love
them and help them have a happy and
fulfilling life instead feminists feel a
girl needs to learn to be that positive
so that she won't become shallow and
insecure but will simply have a heart
attack and die so this expectant mother
on everyday feminism has listed her
ideas on how she can raise a that
positive daughter for instance by
displaying fat positive artwork
introducing her daughter to fat she's
killing me and giving her daughter
defibrillators so she can shock herself
back to life after she collapses on the
floor girls need to learn that being fat
positive is much easier than developing
self-discipline and eating well which is
annoying and involves less cake another
article on everyday feminism is called
five supposedly empowering things we
need to stop people about their periods
oh man this is like setting me back this
is we're gonna have minus days of the
this is alright what was I talking about
five supposedly empowering things we
need to stop telling people about their
periods ah this is an absolutely amazing
article because it exists and takes up
space that could be used by something
more important like an episode list of
all ten seasons of Happy Days or a video
of a German Shepherd who can sing like a
parakeet among the supposedly empowering
things we need to stop telling people
about their periods our periods make you
a woman the author points out that quote
trans men get periods and non-binary
people get periods and that doesn't mean
the trans men and non-binary people are
actually women oh wait yes it does and
maybe we should skip over that one
another thing we need to stop saying
about periods is that periods bind women
together I have to admit that is kind of
a disgusting image and maybe we should
stop saying it although maybe it's
already too late since now the images in
my mind
finally the author objects to being told
that periods quote embody woman's ever
changing earthly emotional an intuitive
nature unquote she says such claims make
her absolutely furious and she just
wants to throw things across the room
and rip the heads off anyone who even
talks to her although probably that's
just because she's having her period
trigger warning I'm a true Clavin and
this one hopes is the show
don't blame me but I had not seen that
in advance and that just cracked me up
beyond repair oh my good news I'm just
I'm not even gonna read these things
anymore I'm just gonna like have the
pictures go up anyway anyway how do I
get from there into the topic of
terrorism I'm not sure but I guess I
guess we have to we have to talk about
the terrorism in London all right it's
like the hippopotamus in the room we
have to talk about it all right let's
let us go to Theresa May here this is
Theresa May after this terrorist attack
I think the body count is now five
people forty and forty people were
injured in the injuries are catastrophic
here is tourist Theresa May talking to
the press the location of this attack
was no accident the terrorist wrote
chose to strike at the heart of our
capital city where people of all
nationalities religions and cultures
come together to celebrate the values of
liberty democracy and freedom of speech
these streets of Westminster home to the
world's old oldest Parliament are
ingrained with a spirit of freedom that
echoes in some of the farthest corners
of the globe and the values our
Parliament represents democracy freedom
human rights the rule of law command the
admiration and respect of free people
everywhere that is why it is a target
for those who reject those values but
let me make it clear today as I have had
cause to do before
any attempt to defeat those values
through violence and terror is doomed to
failure okay
I love Prime Minister Theresa May and I
hope that she is absolutely right but I
have to say you know people are
reporting from London where I'll
actually be in a couple of weeks people
are reporting that there's just an
atmosphere not of anger but of
resignation and you know part of that
may be the British stick-to-itiveness
that got them through the Blitz you know
somebody put a sign up on the in the
tube the their subway system saying you
know we're just gonna drink our tea and
keep on keepin on like the British do
but you know the Mayor of London who is
a Muslim the first Muslim Mayor of
London said you know well terror attacks
are just part and parcel of living in a
big city and Donald Trump jr. got
slammed by the New York Times for
tweeting out are you kidding me you know
how did how does that happen you know I
had a cat when I was a young man and we
lived in a tiny little apartment and so
we didn't have a dog but we have this
lovely cat and we lived in New York City
and we didn't know anything about living
in New York City and one day there was a
roach and the cat attacked the roach and
ate the roach I thought well good thing
I like this cat you know and then the
next day of course there were two
roaches and the cat attacked the two
roaches and killed them and then within
about three to four days the place was
swarming with roaches if you know
anything about roaches that's what
happens and the cat just sat there
because she was defeated if she had
given up you know there were too many
and it was just too much and there was
nothing she could do and if it sounds
like I'm comparing Islamists to
cockroaches I'd like you know to
apologize to all the patriotic
hard-working cockroach Americans who
just want to go about the business of
infesting apart apartments and live
their life in the in the insect to the
insects of peace but you know this is
the problem this is the problem is you
get a you get an order to it you know if
you get hardened to it but but be also
when your leaders will not accept the
reality of what is happening what we are
seeing here is the legacy of a
philosophy okay
not just the philosophy of radical Islam
it is the philosophy of Barack Obama and
the rest of the left that somehow
opening your doors wha spreading your
doors wide without any check on people
coming in you know listen to what
Theresa May was saying she was talking
about she they love to use the word
diversity now everybody has to use the
word diversity but she wasn't talking
about diversity she was talking about
what makes us the same what makes us the
same you know this is what the whole
country is about e pluribus unum of the
many out of the many we make one how do
you do that you do it by ascribing to an
idea that idea includes the Equality of
people under the law the freedom of
individuals to act and do and think and
say whatever they want to say you know
they're people now trying unfit trying
to get Facebook to limit blasphemy you
know the Western culture was built on
the shoulders of two people right
Socrates and Jesus right two people both
of whom were killed by the state on
charges essentially of blasphemy we
don't do that stuff anymore you know
that's like that's it took us thousands
of years to learn the lesson of that but
we have and we don't have you know what
the laws against blasphemy we don't have
laws that limit who women can be or what
they should wear or what they should say
or think and we can't have people around
who want that to turn our country into
that you know and it is about it's all
about philosophy who thought it was a
good idea who thought it was a good idea
to open the doors of the West to people
who hate the West on mass you know guys
leap right
it really stuns me that everybody is so
shocked by Donald Trump and Donald Trump
is a character and I get it he's this
outsize dude we've never had a president
like him I get it I get it but if you
want to talk about bizarre you want to
talk about bizarre the philosophy of our
last president was so much more bizarre
than anything Donald Trump thinks in a
way that all Trump isn't original and
creative enough to be bizarre he's
actually just in the very in a certain
mode of a mayor of populist Americanism
but Obama and the people who followed
him in the people who believe what he's
that was bizarre and the legacy of and
we're living with that legacy now
yesterday I mentioned this rape in
Rockville Maryland this horrible
horrible rape of a 14 year old girl in
the in her high school in you know in by
two grown men essentially she was 14
they were 17 and 18 I think they dragged
her into the the boys room and just
brutalized her brutalized one of them
here illegally this is not being covered
yesterday I had an instinct it wasn't
being covered and I couldn't quite check
it out I couldn't quite get the facts
but now I've got news Buster's backing
this up the big three networks of ABC
CBS and NBC continued their shameful
blackout into Wednesday night of the
horrifying alleged rape of a teenage
girl in a Washington DC suburb High
School bathroom by two men including one
here in the US illegally
instead the pathetic liberal media that
shown no interest in the Rockville High
School case complied with rolling stone
and giving over ten minutes of coverage
to two days in two days to the fake 2014
claim that a University of Virginia
fraternity gang raped a female student
probably remember that this was this
rolling something they had to take back
so just listen to this when Martha
McCallum on Fox had this mom there was a
big meeting they closed it to the press
because the parents obviously were going
out of their mind maryland as pat is
trying to pass the sanctuary law that
this and they don't like this narrative
right so they won't let anybody near the
press so in this town by the way is a
kind of a progressive town it's not like
a backward town or anything like this
where I shouldn't say backward it's not
like a conservative intelligent
responsible that was a print and here's
a mom talking to Martha McCallum and
hear what she's thrilled about that the
government governor said it's amazing
over the last couple of days as all of
us parents have found out more details
about what's happened we've all been
just absolutely shocked because we need
to know how this happened but not to
place blame on the school system or
anyone else we can do that later we want
to make sure that we know how to prevent
these situations in the future our
governor came out today in
very strong words he used the words that
I need to hear and so many of the
parents here need to if you look behind
me and you see these parents here in
this parking lot here Governor Hogan
used the words that I want to hear not
the washdown language that we heard from
the last administration and what are
they saying the blame where did he used
the word illegal immigrant he wanted to
know why these men were here with our
children she watched the truth she wants
people to speak the truth we had a
president for 8 years who wouldn't say
Islam in connection with terrorism as if
as if that terrorism were just some sort
of general thing that fell out of the
air who keep it kept saying no kept
saying no religion sanctions the death
of enter the murder of innocence who
says who says there have been plenty of
religions that sanctioned the death of
immigrants and Islam establishes itself
as an as a religion of conquest from the
very beginning here's this woman all she
wants is to hear somebody say the damn
words why because once you say the words
there's nowhere to hide once you say the
words once you say the words then it
becomes clear how bizarre this
philosophy is this philosophy of not
that you somehow we can lie reality into
submission somehow if we say that all
cultures are the same all cultures will
be the same somehow if we say that these
are undocumented workers I mean they're
undocumented because they're illegal
that's why that's why you know somehow
it's not a lie it's not it's not that
they're all bad people it's that they've
all done an illegal thing and we have
the right to our laws in Torf enforce
our laws to protect ourselves you know
it is why it is why some of us even even
though listen I have loved what Donald
Trump has been doing since he took
office and I don't pick him apart if he
goes this way and that you know some
small thing that I don't like or this
isn't good enough or whatever I like the
fact that he is moving in the right
direction it's like you know Jesus said
if your feet are clean then you are
clean and to me that means if you were
trapped walking in the right direction
you're doing the right thing but but it
is why some
even now even with Trump doing a good
job that we like and approve of is why
some of us seek a moral hazard in his
loose talk and in the way it undermines
the truth you know and I'm not picking
on him about this because I think he is
largely you know a lot of times I
understand what he's trying to say but
he he talks like a guy at the water
cooler and now he's president and now
he's the President of the United States
so what he says is news and he's got to
learn to be very specific so here's this
new thing that comes up yesterday really
interesting story the devan known as the
chairman of that House Intelligence
Committee the Republican chairman breaks
the story that in fact he feels now that
there was some surveillance of Trump
even though it was legal surveillance
and Trump was caught up in the
surveillance of other people in other
words there was no wiretap on Trump as
Trump sort of said other people were
wiretapping he was caught up in it
here's notice so first I recently
confirmed that on numerous occasions the
intelligence community incidentally
collected information about u.s.
citizens involved in the Trump
transition details about us persons
associated with the incoming
administration details with little or no
apparent foreign intelligence value were
widely disseminated in intelligence
community reporting third I have
confirmed that additional names of Trump
transition team members were unmasked
and fourth and finally I want to be
clear none of this surveillance was
related to Russia or the investigation
of Russian activities or of the Trump
team the House Intelligence Committee
will thoroughly investigate surveillance
and its subsequent dissemination to
determine a few things here that I want
to read off who was aware of it why it
was not disclosed to Congress who
requested and authorized the additional
unmasking whether anyone directed the
intelligence community to focus on Trump
associates and whether any laws
regulations or procedures were violated
all right we're gonna talk some more
about this but we have got to say
goodbye to our friends on
Facebook and YouTube come on over to the
Daily wire calm you can hear the whole
thing and if you subscribe for a lousy
eight bucks a month you could watch the
whole thing right there on the wire you
wouldn't have to bounce around like this
and if you subscribe for the year we
will send you Michel moles bunk reasons
to vote for Democrats a completely blank
book and if we run out we'll just send
you paper you know but what is number
nine you said on Amazon it was number
one this is incredible this is this is
one of the trolls of the decade now I
mean it is you know Noel's is like a
king troll he's like he could hide under
a bridge and kill billy goats or
something alright come on over to the
daily wire calm
