speaking in Louisville on Monday night
president from slammed former San
Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin
Kaepernick who made an enormous
production out of kneeling for the
national anthem last season Trump
recounted an article he'd read he stated
quote NFL owners don't want to pick him
up because they don't want to get a
nasty tweet from Donald Trump I said if
I remember that one I'm gonna report it
to the people of Kentucky because they
like it when people actually stand for
the American flag this isn't good
actually it's like bad that's not
because Kaepernick doesn't deserve
criticism this is a fellow who wore
socks depicting police officers as pigs
who thinks the same America that has
made him rich and famous for being a
one-shot talent is deeply racist and
horrible NFL teams are reticent to pick
Kaepernick up not just because he's a
headache but because he's flamed out as
a football player but the President of
the United States should not be in the
business of bullying businesses into
firing particular employees or even
being perceived to do so that's scary
imagine if President Obama had
celebrated mozilla firefox' firing
former CEO Brendan Eich over his support
for traditional marriage conservatives
would have been outraged and rightly so
this isn't even Trump celebrating the
predictable results of making deeply
stupid political stands it's him
celebrating his own impact on creating
consequences for people who aren't even
in a political business yes NFL owners
are right to shun Kaepernick but Trump
certainly isn't right
to involve himself in pressuring owners
to do so through his own Twitter feed
I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
oh so much to get to today we're gonna
get to president Trump putting the
screws to House Republicans and Senate
Republicans in order to get them to buy
into his Trump care we'll get to all of
that we'll also get to all of the
fallout from yesterday on Trump Russia
we'll get to the fallout on on the on
the leaks we'll get to all of that but
first we have to say thank you to our
advertisers are over at zip recruiter
com so if you're somebody who's looking
to fill in employment position and you
don't want to post on 200-odd job sites
and then wait for all of the returns to
roll in and sift through them zip
recruiter com helps yeah you can post
your job to all of those job sites with
a single click including Facebook and
Twitter you can find candidates in any
city in our industry nationwide you post
once you watch our qualified candidates
roll into zip recruiters easy-to-use
interface you know if to juggle emails
or calls to your office you can screen
candidates you can write them and you
can hire the right person incredibly
quickly that's why it's used by Fortune
100 companies it's why we here at the
Daily wire are beginning to use it right
now my listeners can post jobs on zip
recruiter for free by going to zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire that zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire and make
sure that you try it because that means
that you can post for free zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire as somebody who
has employed lots of people in the past
and had to sift through tons and tons of
resumes on a personal level and deal
with incoming phone calls that jangle
the phone off the hook when phones had
hooks it is much better to have a
process like a zip recruiter com they
make it quick they make it easy they
make it fast and obviously it's cheap
right now if you go to zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire you can post your
job for free and fill that job alrighty
so here we are in tunneled Trump has
gotten himself in trouble for yet
another day but I want to begin with a
bigger story then everything that's
happening with the wiretapping and the
Russia connections and the leaks and all
that we'll get to all that in just a
second I want to talk about the latest
developments on the hill the thing that
I think is going to have more impact
than any of those things on president
Trump's presidency and that is how this
health care bill goes down so right now
President Trump is on the hill
threatening people according to MJ Lee
over at CNN the White House gave a
message to senators yesterday the
legislation is done there not going to
be any more changes according to Mike
Lee Mike Lee is a senator from Utah
stanch conserved
somebody who really believes in the
principles of the Constitution really
doesn't like Trump care because he says
it's Obamacare light and now the White
House is saying no more changes first
off it is important to know that there
are alternatives to what is being done
here
you know Trump and Ryan are basically
saying that there are no alternatives to
what is being done here there are two
alternatives one is just repeal
Obamacare without a replacement and then
replace it piecemeal you can do that
with a straight Republican vote but Tom
Price is the Secretary of Health and
Human Services he's already come out and
he says that's not a possibility they're
not the votes for it which just shows
you that Republicans were lying to you
for years
lying to you for years they weren't
promising you that they were gonna
replace Obamacare with something that
was Obamacare light they weren't
promising you they weren't gonna be any
effect so they were gonna be they're
gonna be no effects from repealing
Obamacare they promised you they were
going to repeal Obamacare and now Tom
Price is telling you they don't have the
votes Paul Ryan's is the same thing to
just repeal the damn thing so instead of
just repealing it we have to go through
this whole rigmarole where we put
together an omnibus package bill a 120
page bill with tons of regulations that
are going to be attached to it that is
really a crappy bill and it's a crappy
bill for a number of reasons the only
good thing about the bill is the
shifting away from need-based Medicaid
aid from the feds to the states toward a
block grant from the feds to the state's
10 billion a year for 10 years if you
think however that Congress is gonna
hold to those strictures you're out of
your mind ok Congress is going to have
that Block Grant it's going to apply for
about five years and then there's gonna
be a lot of complaints at the state
level and Congress is going to up the
amount of the block round how do I know
that's gonna happen because that's
what's happened with every single
federal program ever created for the
benefit of states it always expands in
size and scope that's just how these
things work that's on the good side okay
on the bad side you've got a bunch of
tax credits for health care which is
basically just a new entitlement program
you have the fact that it keeps in place
all of the Obamacare regulations on
insurance companies or at least the vast
bevy of them it doesn't actually do what
Trump promised during the campaign it
doesn't end the the state lines that
prevents insurance companies from
competing across state lines it doesn't
do any of those things it's a really
really bad bill but that's not stopping
Trump Trump is pushing hard and the
reason Trump is pushing hard is because
this is a no lose proposition for Trump
at this point Trump is pushing hard
because he doesn't have the patience to
actually go through a negotiation so if
you didn't just want to repeal if you
wanted to repeal in a place there's
something else you could do you could
push as
the original as the original sort of
bill you could push a very conservative
bill and then you could negotiate with
the Senate inside the house you put up
your ideal bill and then you negotiate
your opening position is the position
for which you are negotiating right you
wouldn't start with what Paul Ryan said
which is he negotiated against himself
the House Republicans negotiated against
themselves they created what they
thought was a bill they could pass
through Congress but it's not going to
pass them Congress specifically because
whatever the bill is that you first put
up is subject to negotiation and
everybody wants input so what you really
want to do if you're gonna do this right
is you put up a bill that your base
agrees with and then you have your
solidified your base and then you move
towards something that more people can
agree with that's what you would do but
Trump doesn't have the patience for
prolonged negotiation nor does he have
the policy expertise to actually speak
about a prolonged negotiation so instead
they decided they were gonna fast-track
this thing have Paul Ryan write up a
bill that he thought could pass put it
in front of Trump have Trump ran it
through that was basically the plan here
and now Trump is in a position where
he's ramming through a bill he doesn't
fully understand he doesn't get it the
reason you can tell he doesn't get it is
when he speaks publicly about the bill
he's still making promises that do not
apply to this bill he's still saying
things like nobody's gonna get thrown
off their health insurance okay there
are people on Medicaid who are not going
to be on Medicaid anymore if this plan
goes forward so I never thought that
that should be a promise that any
republican makes the fact is that it's
not government's job to keep you on
health insurance it's your job to go out
and buy your own health insurance and
it's the government's job to get out of
the way so the competition ensures that
the price is is lower for health
insurance and the quality is higher for
health insurance doesn't matter Trump
right now is trying to ram this thing
through in typical Trump fashion he
apparently said to a bunch of House
members we won't have these crowds if we
don't get this done he's talking about
all of the all of the crowds that he's
speaking to as though those crowds are
are in any way indicative of the level
of public support for this plan the
polls show this plan is highly highly
unpopular it's really unpopular
according to Nate Silver who is quoting
all of the polls right now and yes polls
still matter it's not we don't live in
Bill Mitchell world where polls don't
matter polls still matter just because
they were off on the state level does
not mean that polls are now completely
out the window okay here is the the
favorable members on the Republican
health care bill Fox News has the
remember on Trump Karen at 34% 54%
opposed
morning consult has it at plus 11 that
is the only poll that has an imposter
Tory YouGov CBS News has it at 29 below
you gov Huffington Post has at 21 below
Public Policy Polling has it 25 below
the average 16 below 30% support 47
percent oppose nobody likes this bill
conservatives Democrats nobody likes
this bill now Obamacare had a 40 percent
favorable rating and a 49 percent
unfavorable rating when it was passed
that means that this is significantly
less popular than that and Democrats
lost 63 seats in Congress because of
Obamacare so if you want to hold the
house this is not the way to do it this
is not the way that you hold the house
by the way only 13% of Trump supporters
strongly support this they think that
it's Paul Ryan's plan and they do not
strongly support this but Trump is
coming in hard because he knows that if
this this whole thing falls apart he's
not gonna get blamed he's gonna be seen
as the good soldier and the person who
is going to be blamed in the end is
going to be you guessed it Paul Ryan
so Paul Ryan is going out there and he's
saying that Donald Trump is here to
close the deal guys Donald Trump is here
and he's gonna close the hill it's what
he does best
that is Ryan tryin to kiss Trump's ass
it is not going to work it is not going
to work the sycophant sea is going to
maybe drive Trump to support the Ryan
plan but if the Ryan plan goes down in
flames if he thinks the Trump is gonna
be there for the incoming fire he is
totally wrong this is it's it's Ryan's
butt on the line not Trump's here mark
Meadows is one of the representatives
who opposes the bill he's been saying he
doesn't back the bill and Trump is
targeting him directly which is really
ridiculous I mean we're now targeting
Republicans for not voting Frank a bill
that's not conservative enough if this
busts if this whole thing falls apart
the results are gonna be disastrous for
conservatives particularly Trump will
likely blame Ryan he will likely shift
more to the economic populism and
nationalism of Steve Danon and away from
Reince Priebus I'm not around previously
on I'm not a Paul Ryan fan but I'd
rather have the economic program of Paul
Ryan and Reince Priebus than the
economic program of Steve Mann and Trump
Trump tends to be more on band inside
anyway on this sort of stuff you could
see very easily Donald Trump moving away
from working with House and Senate
Republicans at all and just crossing the
aisle and working with Democrats on his
populist economic program if this thing
flames out because he's going to blame
Ryan for anything that falls apart here
he's gonna blame Reince Priebus for
anything that falls apart here you can
see him doing me okay now I'm gonna
swivel to the middle I tried working
with you guys I tried to do it your way
I tried it your way and now I'm not
gonna do it anymore he saw tendencies
like this from Trump during the campaign
he said he didn't care if the
Republicans held the Senate because
maybe he'd be able to get things done
with Democrats more easily he has a
tendency not to really like the the
quote-unquote establishment of the party
and right now if he goes down in flames
over this bill he's gonna blame them and
he's gonna turn away from them and
that's going to be really it's gonna
have really negative ramifications for
people who want to see some conservative
governance because you're not gonna get
conservative governance between Trump
ban and the Democrats in the in the
House and the Senate is interesting I
was listening to another podcast there
there's some top Democrats who do a
podcast pod save America which is an
interesting podcast I like to listen to
to get you know kind of what Democrats
are thinking and they were saying that
they are upset with Trump not because
Trump is backing Trump care so much but
because Trump care isn't Trump II enough
they want Trump to swivel toward the
economic nationalist populism of Steve
Annan and they say openly there might be
a political realignment in store if
Trump does exactly that
Trump sees that same opportunity so this
could be the precursor to a solid moves
Bluff now maybe not maybe maybe Trump
sticks with the program maybe Trump
maintains conservative you know
conservative policies like he's been
doing about 70 percent so far maybe he
maintains that even if this bill goes
down
I think that's doubtful I think that's
doubtful okay with that said Donald
Trump did have a very bad day yesterday
it's not gonna be his worst day of the
week if this bill goes down on Thursday
it's supposed to be voted on in the
House on Thursday wouldn't be the first
time that House leadership has presented
a bill that went down in flames happened
regularly under John Boehner yesterday
was a bad day for Trump because there
were basically two stories neither of
them good for Trump one was Jim Comey
the the FBI director who is not
particularly competent speaks out of
speaks out of line affair but he was in
front of the House Intelligence
Committee yesterday and he said that
Donald Trump's tweets about wiretapping
they just weren't him economy talking to
Adam Schiff of California director Comey
was the president's statement that Obama
had his wires tapped in Trump Tower a
true statement with respect to the
president's tweets about alleged
wiretapping directed
him by the prior administration I have
no information that supports those
tweets and we have looked carefully
inside the FBI the Department of Justice
has asked me to share with you that the
answer is the same for the department
justice in all its components the
department has no information that
supports those tweets as you understand
the term McCarthyism do you think
President Obama or the FBI was engaged
in such conduct I'm not going to try and
characterize the tweets themselves all I
can tell you is we have no information
that supports them director Comey or a
good lawyer can you make out a great
case that President Obama wiretap mr.
Trump's phones just part of the election
in light of the fact you've said there's
no evidence of that all I can say is
what I said before that we don't have
any information that supports those
tweets okay so you know II keep saying
it over and over and over the Democrats
keep hammering at home over and over and
over there is no evidence that Trump was
wired tapped by Obama now here's what
actually happened in all likelihood by
all the available reports basically
there are five warrants out on a bunch
of Russians and those FISA warrants
allowed the government to listen in on
all of these Russians who were
apparently doing business with Americans
or talking to Americans and a bunch of
Trump associates were swept up in those
wiretap so in other words you know let's
say that lets say that Austin or a
Russian agent which is not implausible
and the and the government decided to
put a wiretap on Austin and I called
Austin up well now I'm on the wiretap
okay that's what was actually wiretap
and that's how Mike Flynn got caught up
in this conversation now we're gonna get
to the leaking portion of this in a
second because that is also a real
scandal but it is not a real thing that
Obama ordered a direct wiretap on Trump
the reports that were promulgated by
heat street that FISA had the FISA
warrant had been issued for Trump Tower
that was debunked yesterday by I think
it was Mike Rogers who's the head of the
National Security Agency none of this is
good for Trump now Trump could have
after the original tweet said look I was
speaking figuratively
I was speaking broadly what I really
meant was that there was obvious
government surveillance of people in my
campaign because people in my campaign
were talking to the Russians and it's
just ridiculous that information about
that stuff is being leaked to the press
that's accurate that's good but because
Trump two things Trump only reads the
headlines he never reads below the
headline and
Trump always doubles down and that means
that he created this entire big problem
for himself in which he looks foolish in
which he looks like he made this case
that is unsubstantiated and that is a
disaster for him because again it goes
to credibility his approval ratings are
already low he's going to need that
credibility when it comes time to ram
through legislation if you're gonna make
the case some Republicans that they need
to get on board with Trump care and that
you've got the American people behind
you you actually have to be able to show
data showing that the American people
are behind you and trust you and right
now he's undermining that trust and
we'll talk in a second about you know
more of the fallout from this because
it's not good for President Trump if you
want him to be successful you need him
to stop with the Twitter honestly his
administration will be much better off
if he would just stop with the Twitter
altogether I know people who are fans of
his don't like that idea the fact is
that he's doing himself more harm than
good with the Twitter account at this
point if he wants to be sporadic in his
use of it targeted and his use of it
that's one thing he is not he's a
blunderbuss okay we have to say hello
and thank you to our advertisers are
over at est LD comso best jeans I own
gstl d.com
premium denim and it's distilled you get
ten percent off your first pair when you
go to gstl decom slash bend these aren't
great jeans they are much cheaper than
the jeans that you're gonna get at some
sort of Premium Outlet they are you know
really cheap jeans the number one starts
to fall apart after a few washes these
things last and last and last they are
very solid and you don't want to break
the bank and these are really well
priced I mean they're well under $100
you can get a pair of jeans at the stl
decom for like 65 bucks I mean they're
they're really really good jeans they
look good they are comfortable they're
not gonna fall apart on you and the
reason they're able to bring them to you
so cheap is because they're direct
consumer they're not filing it through
some sort of retailer and by the way if
you try them out and you don't like them
they will ship them to you for free and
give you free returns until you find the
perfect pair so you don't have to worry
about they should be a pair of jeans
they don't fit now you're stuck with
them you can ship them back until you
get the right one they also have
outerwear they've leather jackets and
t-shirts and more and the same principle
everything is much cheaper than it would
be if you went to a store gstl decom
slash bed really good-looking clothes
terrific jeans DST LD coms is still calm
slash men get 10% off your first pair
10% off your first pair of jeans at est
LD comm slash been okay so it wasn't
James Comey who's slapping around Trump
on this this Trump wiretapping
allegation again all Trump had to do was
tell the truth
instead Donald Trump has a very
rudimentary understanding of how the
news works he reads the headlines he
determines what he wants to determine
from the headlines he puts it out there
and then he triples down on it and goes
mole hunting on the basis of a fantasy
that is only in his head it's just dumb
it's just dumb forget about whether you
know you think that Obama is a bad guy
or not I think Obama's a bad guy forget
about whether you think that Obama
intelligence people are leaking bad
things about Trump I think they are
right now and I'll get to those leaks in
just a second Trump needs to stop with
this crap it makes him look stupid
here's Mike Rogers of the National
Security Administration saying that
Trump you know trotting out this theory
that the British were behind some sort
of tapping of him he said that's utterly
ridiculous did you have a request that
your counterparts in GCHQ should wiretap
mr. Trump on behalf of President Obama
no sir nor would I that would be
expressly against the construct of the
five eyes agreement that's been in place
for decades and the five eyes are some
of our closest intelligence partners and
Britain Britain is one of them yes sir
have you seen any evidence that anyone
else in the Obama administration made
such a request no sir and again my view
is the same as director Comey I've seen
nothing on the NSA side that we noted it
was appointed by Donald Trump so his own
guy is saying right here that this is
nonsense
Devin Nunez who's a Republican on the
House Intelligence Committee he debunked
that story that said there was a FISA
warrant for Trump Tower said there is no
FISA warrant for Trump Tower his
administration no evidence of any
wiretapping of Trump Tower no no there
was no FISA warrant that I'm aware of to
Trump to tap Trump Tower and that's
after you receive this information
that's accurate
okay so again that whole thing it's
really dumb I wish that Trump would just
stick to the facts again this has been
my critique of Trump since all the way
through the campaign since the beginning
if you sacrifice truth in favor of power
you end up with neither power nor truth
that's what's happening right now
tendencies for untruth coming to tend to
come back and bite you we're gonna get
next into the Russia connection scandal
and into the leaks which i think is the
biggest scandal of all the Democrats
don't want to talk about that one we'll
talk about that one but you have to go
to Daley wire calm for that Daley
wire.com you become a subscriber right
now eight
dollars a month become one of the
thousands and thousands and thousands of
people who are subscribing into daily
wire.com for eight bucks a month right
now if you get an annual subscription
you get a free signed copy of the Amazon
best-selling books sold you know nearly
a hundred thousand copies I think at
this point reasons to vote Democrat a
comprehensive guide signed by Michael
moles endorsed by yours truly as the
most thorough book that I have ever seen
on Democratic ideology and the reasons
to support it reasons to vote Democratic
comprehensive guide by Michael moles you
can get that for for free signed when
you become an annual subscriber over at
daily wire.com so check that out or you
can listen to the rest of the podcast
later now you can watch the rest of the
podcast by the way that's one of the
benefits of being a daily water
subscriber you can watch the rest of the
podcast live be part of the mailbag
which we do in a couple of days and get
kleavon's podcasts live watch that I
know I keep getting emails about the
Shapiro store I promise I swear it is
coming it is coming and it's not coming
just like Obamacare repeal is coming
it's actually coming okay it's going to
come and it will happen shortly if you
don't want to subscribe right now but
you're still want to listen to the rest
of the show go over to iTunes or
SoundCloud and give us a listen over
there we are the largest conservative
podcast in the nation
you
