on Tuesday renowned legal journal
Cosmopolitan magazine ran a piece titled
nine ways to make your man gasp in bed
no actually they could have run that
piece but we know that they actually ran
a piece titled main reasons
constitutional originalism is bull bleep
written by NYU graduate Jill philipovich
the article evidence is all of the
brilliant jurisprudential analyses we've
come to expect from the journal that
informs you which sex positions best
tickle your significant other properly
here are Phillip Povich is nine
critiques one no one is really an
originalist filipova charges the judges
don't actually pay attention to the
original wording and meaning of the
Constitution instead substituting their
own policy preferences as evidence she
chooses DC versus Heller a decision that
Rhian shrined the individual right to
keep and bear arms why isn't that
originalist
because Phillip Povich says the founders
meant to restrict arms ownership which
to members and didn't know what handguns
were there's a direct quote nor of
course did handguns exist in the 18th
century
both of these contentions are false
militia members were members of the
community there are many state laws that
required all able-bodied men of age to
own a gun so as to be available for
militia duty the militia Clause is a
justifying Clause not an operative one
and handguns were Gnaeus as early as the
14th century two societies evolved and
that's a good thing
Phillip Povich argues that scientific
knowledge and impact how we interpret
the Constitution for example brain
science should help determine what the
founders meant by cruel and unusual
punishment but we have legislators for
that the Constitution bans cruel and
unusual punishment the legislators can
outlaw certain tools she mixes up the
role of the courts to apply the meaning
of the law and that of the legislature
to make policy she even says she hopes
the courts would rule capital punishment
unconstitutional on this basis even
though the Constitution clearly
contemplates capital punishment multiple
times
third words evolves reflects changing
norms philipovich says that words like
equal meant something different in the
1790s than they mean now particularly
with regard to women and minorities she
is right this is why America implemented
constitutional amendments in order to
enshrine those new meanings as per the
14th amendments for black folks and the
19th amendment for female folks it is
not the job of courts to rewrite meaning
for technology evolves and the law has
to keep up philipovich argues it's
difficult to apply constitutional
principles to modern technology so for
example the provisions of the
Constitution guaranteeing Liberty from
unreason
search-and-seizure how would they apply
to cars or wiretap these are indeed
controversial propositions in
originalist circles but that doesn't
mean we got to merely ignore what the
framers intended in principle in order
to return on policy preferences v
originalism is a cover for legal
discrimination again and this ignores
the fact that we have legislators in
this country you can't rewrite founding
documents to implement your own version
of utopia philipovich says correctly
that quote a lot of our laws originally
allowed a lot of terrible acts this is
true it is also the reason we have you
guessed it legislators and amendments
she says that Plessy vs. Ferguson which
said segregation was okay and was
reversed by Brown vs. Board of Education
is a good example of courts evolving she
ignores the fact that Leslie was
arguably wrongly decided on his merits
at the time that's the case Justice
Scalia made during his career stating
that quote in my view the Fourteenth
Amendments requirements of equal
protection of the laws combined with the
13th amendments abolition of the
institution of black slavery leaves no
room for doubt that laws treating people
differently because of their race are
invalid even if Scalia was wrong on
originalist grounds that doesn't mean
the legislature could not or should not
have taken the proper measures again
courts are not legislatures and just
because history was full of bad stuff
doesn't mean the Constitution doesn't
provide mechanisms to fix that bad stuff
outside of jail philipovich convincing
Ruth Bader Ginsburg to run roughshod
over the Republic 6th contention not
even the founders were originalist this
is just horse crap philipovich says
quote the framers of the constitution
didn't offer any instructions for how to
interpret the document actually it's
dubious whether the founders even agreed
with judicial review but if they did
there's no doubt they would have hated
the courts usurpation of legislative
power see for example Alexander Hamilton
in Federalist 78 quote the courts must
declare the sense of the law and if they
should be disposed to exercise will
instead of judgment the consequence
would be equally the substitution of
their pleasure to that of the
legislative body the observation if it
proved anything would prove there ought
not be any judges distinct from that
body all laws are applied as written no
judge would dare interpret the sherman
antitrust act the way leftists encourage
judges to interpret the Constitution 7
contention from Cosmo magazine the
founders weren't fortune tellers and
couldn't predict every possible legal
issue here Philip Povich states that
quote many of the realities of modern
life didn't exist in the 18th century
that's true you know who else knew that
the
unders because they relied on
legislators to create law Philip Povich
makes the idiotic assessment that if
you're an originalist if the founders
quote didn't specifically bar the
government from doing something the
government is free to do it that's
insane that looks only to the Bill of
Rights not to the structural
Constitution which delegates powers the
founders explicitly rejected philipovich
is logic and said so in the Ninth
Amendment which reserved rights to the
states and to the people as for Philip
Povich is example of government's doing
bad things at the state level again true
the founders recognized that and relied
on people not to be complete morons but
they didn't trust the people completely
which is why they created some federal
rights aid no one really wants to live
in an originalist countries I do if she
means that legislators and legislators
should legislate and get this judges
should adjudicate she quotes UC Irvine
law professor Erlin Kerr Mariinsky for
the proposition that if the court didn't
impose its will quote this would mean
the end of constitutional protection for
liberties such as the right to marry the
right to procreate the right to custody
of one's children and the list goes on
yet magically for decades the court did
not read its preferences into the
Constitution and yet the country didn't
descend into chaos and Anarchy that's
because we elect people here yes
legislatures exist ninth and final point
a constitution that doesn't reflect
changing norms and realities is a
constitution that would eventually prove
itself ineffectual and irrelevant Philip
ovitch says the judicial system cannot
be neutered lest it failed to check the
other branches except that she wants the
other branch has to be incapable of
checking the mystical wisdom of the
judicial oligarchy a constitution that
changes at the whim of nine unelected
judges means a country ruled by a clique
not by the people or their elected
representatives even Philip Povich has
to admit quote of course the
Constitution should be interpreted as
it's written but she then says the what
she means is that judges should
interpret it as they wish it had been
written the Constitution in other words
should have more positions in than Cosmo
and they will all be less satisfying i'm
ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
okay so that lengthy introduction was
meant to illuminate you to the issues
surrounding what the left thinks of what
judges are supposed to do and what the
right things what judges are supposed to
do and that means as you can hear all
the logic all of the decency is on the
side of the right on this one when it
comes to originalism the decency in the
judiciary is all on the side of the
right and we're about to go through what
should be the best time of from
presidencies how far the Gorsuch
hearings that happened yesterday the day
before they're happening today as well
judge Gorsuch is doing a terrific job in
front of the Judiciary Committee I'll
talk about some problems with the system
of judicial nominations and why they're
a problem why they why that system is
crappy we'll talk about that in just a
second but first I want to say thank you
to our advertisers over at tracker comm
tracker may have saved my marriage my
wife loses her phone every single day
she also loses her keys well actually I
have to admit I lose my keys and wallet
a lot so tracker it just things like the
size of a coin and you attach it to the
object that you're afraid you're gonna
lose and then you can call it and then
it tells you exactly where it is rings
beeps it's finding over a million
misplaced items every day order yours
right now and you will never lose
anything again I promise you I use it
all the time myself it's the tracker
comm promo code Ben and you get a free
tracker Bravo with any order great
product very excited to be associated
with them and and Thank You tracker for
helping my marriage be better because it
means that I'm less annoyed with my wife
my wife is less annoyed with me and
wants to more than me life tracker comm
flash Ben and you get that discount so
it's it's really terrific again a
terrific piece of technology and thanks
to Austin and the crew for making that
beautiful animation my wife fell looking
to kill me
I really really appreciate that okay so
the news yesterday and this week outside
of the gorse is hearing has not been
good for president Trump will talk about
Trump care in a little while will also
talk about some of the issues
surrounding Russian connections is a big
story about palm Anna Ford who's the
former Trump campaign manager apparently
he was working very closely with
Vladimir Putin's allies for a number of
years I will get to that in a little
while but first I want to talk about
what should be the high-water mark for
Trump's presidency the reason I want to
talk about this is because I want to
point something out a lot of people have
been saying that nationalist populism
this kind of new style
trumpism that that is where the
popularity of republicanism and
conservatism are going to lie that if we
change over to this nationalist populism
that's where conservatism is really
going to be great that's where that's
where conservatism is really gonna be
able to do Yeomans work the gorse
appearing shows the opposite the Gorsuch
hearing shows the traditional
conservatism and I mean small government
traditional conservatism with checks and
balance and separation of powers is
still a more powerful idea than the idea
of some great God King on a hill
deciding who gets to have a job and who
doesn't get to have a job Gorsuch is
hearing are the best thing that could
have happened to Trump there they were
great judge corsets did a terrific job
you can see it started off with Ted Cruz
the senator from Texas
asking Neel Gorsuch about originalism
and stating Democrats have caricatured
the thing it serves well to rebut the
caricature that some on the left try to
paint of originalism and so under the
caricature that some of the Democrats
have suggested you would assume the
originalist in the case would all line
up on the side of saying well gosh the
Fourth Amendment doesn't cover that and
and yet the Kyllo case the majority
opinion 5-4 was written by Justice
Scalia perhaps the leading originalist
on the court okay and he's right about
that Gore such proved in this hearing
that originalism is a is a hardy
philosophy that makes perfect sense
again the judiciary has a different role
than the legislature okay legislators
make law the judiciary applies the law
according to the wording of the law when
the judiciary starts doing its own thing
as Alexander Hamilton said it loses its
reason for existence and gorse is very
clear on this which is why you know it's
it's interesting I'm not sure that Trump
is gonna be all entirely happy with
every decision Gorsuch makes so all
credit to Trump for nominating somebody
who may rule against him in certain
cases here is Judge Gorsuch talking
about what it means to be a judge says
your personal views should not decide
the law my personal views I'd also tell
you mr. chairman belong over here I
leave those mr. Kochel yesterday said
that what he wants is a fair judge
that's what I wanted as a lawyer I just
wanted a judge come in and decide on the
facts and the law in my clients case and
leave what he had for breakfast at the
breakfast table
and part of being a good judge is coming
in and taking precedent as it stands and
your personal views about the precedent
have absolutely nothing to do with a
good job of a judge okay so the last
thing that he says there is actually
somewhat troubling for conservatives and
I would like to see conservatives drill
down on this so there's something in
judicial philosophy called start decisis
start decisis means the case has already
been decided it just means precedents
there's always been a lot of controversy
over how much respect to give to
precedents if the case has already been
decided is it something that you should
follow or is it not so there are lots of
cases in American history where the
judiciary has decided that a case was
wrongly decided 50 years before and they
overturn it roe v wade would be a good
one to do right now and we still don't
know what Gorsuch would do about roe v
wade you know the in case in history
where we overturn the judgment include
things like Plessy vs. Ferguson and
Brown versus Board as I mentioned Plessy
vs. Ferguson said segregation was okay
Brown vs. Board says it's not another
obvious case his obergefell about gay
marriage which overturns
a bunch a whole string of cases at the
Supreme Court level Lawrence v Texas
which said that there was no state
capacity to criminalize homosexual
activity that overturned a much earlier
case called powers versus Hardwick in
1989 so Starr decisis is really a way
for judges to pick and choose and this
is why I hope that the Conservatives in
this committee drilled down on Gorsuch
and say okay how do you decide when
precedent rules and when precedent is
not the most consistent person
philosophically on this that the court
was not Scalia actually it's Clarence
Thomas who says stare decisis is stupid
basically if the case was wrongly
decided I'm not going to pretend that
it's a better decision just because it
was decided 10 years ago or 20 years ago
the reason that this matters is because
here is for example Gorsuch talking
about roe v wade as precedent is clip 8
one of the facts and one of the features
of law that you have to decide it on is
on the basis of precedent as you point
out and for a judge precedent is a very
important thing we don't go reinvent the
wheel every day and and that's the
equivalent point of the law of precedent
and we have an entire law about
precedent the law of judicial precedent
precedent about precedent if you will
those are all factors that a good judge
will take into consideration when
examining any precedent you start with a
heavy heavy presumption in favor of pres
Alexander Hamilton said that's one
important feature think was Hamilton
said one important feature of judges if
we're going to give them life tenure
allow them that extraordinary privilege
they should be bound down by strict
rules and precedents
okay so bacon here here's the problem
with some of this and the reason I don't
believe in precedents again it allows
you to pick which presidents you choose
to follow on which ones you don't what
would be really great in these hearings
honestly and the reason the only reason
to have these hearings Democrats
destroyed the notion of a judicial
hearing it used to be that you could
just say to a judge okay roe v-- wade
bad case or good case every law student
every person basically has an opinion on
whether roe v wade is a bad case our
good case certainly anyone who's ever
read the decision with any sort of legal
head understands it's a bad decision
legally even if you like the outcome you
know it shouldn't be out of balance to
say rove you a bad decision or a good
decision all right these should be these
are questions we should want to have
answered before we actually get to put
somebody on the Supreme Court and
Democrats don't have any qualms about
asking these questions they say openly
that they have litmus test with regard
to their own people that they issue
these litmus tests if people would would
uphold the roe v wade then they're
appropriate for the court if not then
they wouldn't but because Democrats have
vowed to basically shut down any justice
who has a clear-cut opinion about
important cases well you end up with
these these very milquetoast hearings in
any case course it does a good job with
the milquetoast hearings you wouldn't
expect him to come out and say roe v
wade is a crappy case because if he did
then presumably a bunch of democrats
would attempt to fill a bus for him and
some republicans would break off and
join because they're weaklings that's ed
Gorsuch does a very good job of
navigating smoothly what these hearings
are which is basically an opportunity
for him to explain his philosophy in the
most general possible terms and smacked
down allegations against him so here's
an exchange that was pretty great where
dick Durbin from Illinois who's just an
idiot
claims that Gorsuch is an anti woman
because he once taught an ethics class
in which she talked about the law
regarding sexual harassment and here's
Gore says just smacking Durbin around
like a pinata
senator those are not my words
I would never have said them I didn't
say that I asked you if you agreed with
this statement and I'm telling you I
don't I'll worry and and here's the
thing about Gorsuch that I do like is
that he seems like somebody who is not
going to be beholden to political
interest so he was asked specifically
about President Trump's attacks on the
judiciary and here was his answer
this is I've I know these people and I
know how decent they are and when anyone
criticizes the honesty or integrity the
motives of a federal judge well I find
that disheartening I find that the
moralizing because I know the truth
anyone including the president itíd
state anyone is anyone okay and and that
is this speaks you know well of Trump
that he nominates a guy who's willing to
go out and say stuff like this of course
it's really smacked around a bunch of
Democrats yesterday
Al Franken was was was criticizing the
confirmation process and gore such
smacks around Franken as well senator
there's a lot about this process I'm
uncomfortable with a lot but I'm not God
no one asked me to fix it I'm here as a
witness
trying to faithfully answer your
questions as best I can consistent with
the constraints I have as a sitting
judge okay and and again that's I think
good stuff the fact that Al Franken the
Stewart's is Stuart Smalley is out there
like quizzing him is just insane okay
the fact that Stuart Smalley is on the
Judiciary Committee quizzing him about
cases he knows nothing about I mean he
knows nothing about Chevron deference he
knows nothing about any of these issues
it's just completely crazy but you know
that's the way the system works the
biggest problem is I say with these
judicial hearings you never get any good
answers you never get the answers that
you actually want and that you actually
care about so for example Gorsuch is
asked again about roe v-- wade by
Lindsey Graham this time he's asked if
Trump asked him to overturn roe v wade
in here as Gorsuch his answer in that
interview did he ever ask you to
overrule roe v wade no senator what
would he have done if he had asked
senator I would have walked out the door
it's not what judges do I don't do it at
that end of Pennsylvania Avenue and they
shouldn't do it at this end either he's
objecting to the idea that Trump would
ask him to overturn the ruling okay the
fact is that Trump I hope asked him how
would you rule on roe v wade not you
have to rule to overturn it but how
would you rule I would ask that if I
were president I would ask any judicial
appointee how they would rule on
controversial cases because this is
stupid the only reason you appoint two
judges if you know if they have a good
long history of ruling in a certain way
now the reason I like gore such as a
nominee is because he does have a pretty
good judicial history of ruling on some
controversial issues and he has
generally ruled that the correct way but
what we've ended up with is a judicial
confirmation process that actually makes
the system more vague not less vague and
that's that's a real problem for example
Gorsuch is just asked how he would rule
on the Muslim ban same sort of thing
here's what he says now does the First
Amendment allow the use of a religious
litmus test for entry into the United
States Center that's an issue that's
currently being litigated actively as
you know well and I'm not asking about
the litigation in the Ninth Circuit or
anything else I'm asking about the fact
it's a blanket religious test is that
consistent with the First Amendment
Center we have a Free Exercise Clause
that protects the free exercise of
religious liberties by all persons in
this country this feels clearer to you
then somebody let me know in just a
minute ago Gorsuch in the hearings was
asked whether he accepted the row v Wade
was the law of the land he said yes I
accept that it's the law of the land
that doesn't mean he wouldn't overturn
it right he could still overturn it and
accept that it is currently the law of
the land these these confirmation
hearings don't do anybody any favors
because they actually make the answers
more vague not lasting and that's the
fault of the Democrats who have
politicized these hearings to the point
where anybody who disagrees with them
about a case must immediately be ruled
out of line because they actually want
to use the judiciary as a way of
cramming down their own policy
preferences we have to say thank you
right now and the like say thank you to
our friends over and my Patriot supply
right now if you are concerned North
Korea is making all sorts of noises
about violent things that they want to
do they just released a video yesterday
about how they want to
a u.s. ship and they fired a missile at
Japan it failed thank God but there are
real threats out there and emergencies
happen when you least expect them if you
call 888 803 1413 right now or go to
prepare with been calm right now prepare
with been calm you can do something that
will make your family significantly more
likely to be safe in an emergency for
just $99 get a four week emergency food
supply for just 99 bucks earthquake
tornado fire I mean that there are
plenty of reasons why terrible things
happen in life natural disasters
man-made disasters and the government
can't always get to you for a little
while and that's why it's important that
you have a four-week emergency food
supply on hand for just $99 the folks in
my patreon supply do it better than
anybody right now go to prepare with Ben
comprehend calm and order it my team
says that the meals taste really good
prepare with vents calm 888 803 1413 888
803 1413 again it's basically a one-time
investment in your safety because these
things last forever
and that makes or at least for dozens of
years I think is that is the case like
20 years they last up to and so you know
you may be in 20 years you have to
reinvest for 99 bucks but for the moment
you're pretty well set so go to prepare
with Ben comm make sure that you are
prepared in case of emergency it's the
least that you can do for your family
okay so Gorsuch does a really good job
and and Gorsuch does is is very solid in
these hearings he navigates all the
shoals well the democrats make fools of
themselves they just keep saying stupid
things over and over and over again just
repeatedly and it's a great moment for
Trump right this would be the best
moment for Trump if we weren't all
distracted with Russia stuff and Trump
care stuff and all the other things that
Trump is busy shooting himself in the
foot with so Democrats have been
struggling because they don't actually
know what to do with this so what
they've decided is that they're going to
come up with in an alternative strategy
they can't actually lay a glove on
Gorsuch so what do they do so Brian
Williams the fake news anchor at MSNBC
he says that it is obviously tough to
lay a glove on Gorsuch who knows what
he's doing it's tough to lay a glove on
this guy I didn't see a single glove
laid on him this has been a slam dunk in
terms of his initial cuit Hughes an ace
you're gonna see some of the more
intensive questioning but they have not
as you put it laid a glove on him and
and you know they're upset about this
what do they do Chris Matthew
State because a microwave show hey come
out here
tobacco Carthage why I know who you guys
it ah let's talk about gal it's about
starting to fix the system a president
nominates the Supreme Court justice the
Senate deliberates on the nomination we
will not get back to such respect if we
let Trump exploit the vacancy Mitch
McConnell created we cannot allow these
two opportunites to complete what we
call in basketball the alley you play
one guy throws the ball high up there
above the basket and the guys standing
there right underneath jams it in I
don't want to see Donald Trump stuff his
nominee through the hoop why because
it's not his turn it's Marie Garland's
turn and everyone knows it vote nay on
Gorsuch demand the 60 votes and don't
give them the Trump it's not this guy's
turn it's not his guys turn and all the
charm and dancing a mr. nice guy is not
going to change it it's not about
gorgeous or even Trump it's about Mitch
McConnell and the brand of low-level
politics he stands for get it don't let
him don't let him please don't let him
take it 3-pointer then there's a rebound
out to the free-throw line and Jordan
goes up and then he alley-oop says
Scottie Pippen jams it through you
shouldn't do that with judges because
judges don't fit through hoops that's
the thing that's the thing I'm trying to
explain you right now it's good Nellie
always sick come in their shoe talk
about basketball
well Showtime Lakers hot so their new
case is basically the Gorsuch is a great
nominee but he can't be put through
because the Republicans refused to vote
on on Merrick garland who's President
Obama's nominee to fill Scalia's slot
this isn't going anywhere let the
Democrats blow themselves up on this one
it should be a great moment for Trump
now as we continue we're going to talk
about some not-so-great moments for
Trump plus there is a breaking news
story that I have to tell you about a
couple of stories that that are I think
going to you know I'll talk about the
political fallout from them but they're
pretty incredible stories we'll talk
about them but you're gonna have to go
to daily wire comm and subscribe right
now for that $8 a month get to a
subscription to daily wire and calm
right now if you become an annual
subscriber you get a free signed copy a
magical signed copy of the most
comprehensive book on Democrats ever
sort of written reasons to vote Democrat
a comprehensive guide by Michael Knowles
the Amazon bestseller sold tens of
thousands of copies making a sickening
amount of money off of it but we are
giving it to you for free
and you get to see you get a free signed
copy at daily wire calm when you become
an annual subscriber or if you just want
to listen to the rest of the show later
go over to iTunes or SoundCloud make
sure that you leave us a rating we are
the largest conservative podcast in the
United States
you
