Europe is having a ton of trouble with
its Turkish immigrants in the old days
of course Europeans used to do battle
with the Turks because the Turks were
trying to conquer Western civilization
nowadays Europeans actually invite Turks
to sweep into their countries and droves
because things have changed the Turks
are still trying to conquer Western
civilization but Europeans are now
weakened stupid the latest troubles
began when Turkey tried to get Turks in
Europe to support a Turkish referendum
that would give dictatorial powers to
Turkey's president Recep air Dogen
pronounced air Doan because the G is
silent as in angst ER until recently
Turkey had been slowly modernizing
because of the secularizing reforms
instituted last century by Mustafa Kemal
Kemal is usually known as Ataturk
because of all the people shouting
Ataturk he instituted secularizing
reforms unfortunately these reforms have
been gradually eroded by President
Erdogan
pronounced heir to one because the G is
silent as in Wiz how come you're eroding
all those great reforms the Turks tried
to gin up support for the president's
most recent power grab by staging
rallies in European countries but the
Europeans shut down the rallies because
they were afraid they would lead to
riots and threats of holy war to prove
these concerns were unfounded
the Turks rioted and threatened holy war
the Europeans put down the riots which
angered president air Dogen which is
pronounced air21 because the G is silent
as in hottest the Turkish president
accused the Europeans being Nazis which
the Europeans generally don't like
because some of them actually used to be
Nazis but are now pretty nice what's
more Turkish hackers spread the Nazi
accusation by hacking them into very
important Twitter accounts like those of
Justin Bieber Amnesty International
Forbes magazine had myself which made me
feel like a very important person who
was accusing the Europeans of being
Nazis even though they're now pretty
nice geared velders a hard-line
anti-islamist with amazingly gigantic
hair hoped that he would ride the
Turkish troubles to election as the
Dutch prime minister builders had
promised to D Islamize the Netherlands
but his election bid was rejected
because the Dutch apparently preferred
to Islamize and also the big hair was
considered a negative all the same the
Europeans do finally seem to be debating
whether letting Islamists weep over
their country's rape their women kill
their men and destroy their culture is
really as good an idea as it sounded
when they first thought of it on the one
hand the EU recently enacted a ban on
head scarves in the workplace feeling
Muslim women should be treated fairly at
work before returning home to be chattel
again on the other hand Germany's Angela
Merkel recently bowed to heir to ones
request that a German comedian be
prosecuted for insulting the Turkish
president personally I'd have told air21
to add stuffed the G asylum
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
