on Wednesday Michael Harriet of the
route calm and a shocking piece titled
everything you'd think you know about
the death of Mike Brown is wrong and the
man who killed him admits it provocative
Sallee corner of CNN she of hands up
don't shoot Fame tweeted out the article
with this caption we all need to read
and reckon with how our media courts
everything believed white cops lies over
black kids truth Oh which means that
you'd think the article would actually
substantiate the headline after all most
people think Michael Brown attacked a
police officer Darren Wilson inside his
vehicle after being pulled over then
tried to grab the officer's gun then ran
when a shot was fired in the car before
turning around charging the cop and
being shot that's what all the witness
testimony said repeatedly from black
witnesses so what did Officer Wilson say
that changed everything according to the
route calm reporting on a court
documents originally obtained by Wesley
Lowery of the Washington Post a guy who
by the way reported in loud Ettore terms
about the unrest in Ferguson at the time
Wilson stated that he reached through
the window his car and grabbed four
Brown's body during the encounter of
course Wilson never said anything
different he always maintained Brown
punched him in the face at which point
he grabbed it brown is brown leaning
into the car he pulled his gun Brown
attempted to grab his gun
he fired his gun in the rest of the
events ensued but here's how the root
describes the events two men are walking
down the street a cop pulls in front of
them blocking their path instead of
calling for backup or radioing in a
traffic stop he opens his cards or and
either Brown closes it or ricochets off
of Brown's body the officer then chooses
to reach through his window and grab the
suspect by his arm and body Wilson had a
gun and Brown is hanging inside the car
Brown does not reach for the officer's
gun and the cop admits that Brown's only
weapon was his big scary black self the
next part of the testimony will confound
the conservatives who stated that Wilson
did not shoot Brown in the back
Wilson admits that after the first shot
Brown started running away from him and
he fired another shot which Miss Brown
Wilson basically admits that he fired at
Brown and the bullet hitting a bullet
hit a building close by then the root
alleges that Wilson admits having used
the n-word other headlines have repeated
this they neglect to mention that Wilson
explicitly says he only used the n-word
or in order to repeat a quote racist
remark made by someone else but I have
not made a racist remark against another
individual while on duty as a police
officer unquote oops but what about the
rest of this narrative it's just not
true Wilson doesn't admit any of the
things the root says he admits as Wesley
Laur himself tweeted here's what Lowry
tweeted there are
answered Ferguson questions but a lot of
assertions in this piece going viral
today based on the doc I reported
yesterday are wrong the court documents
reveal none of these things
Wilson has asked specific questions he's
not asked others can't infer entire
narrative by filling in the blanks based
on things he's not asked Wilson admits
that Brown did not try to remove your
gun from your holster this is not the
same as admitting Brown never reach for
the gun nowhere in this document is
Wilson address who initiated contact
admits at some point he reached through
the window doesn't address the timeline
there is nothing i've seen in december
twenty-eighth admissions from darren
wilson the materially alters and
contradicts his previous version of the
story Lowery is honest and reports this
correctly I've read the entire document
it is clear that the route and by proxy
Sally cone are confabulating Wilson's
testimony into a story of their own
making
a narrative repeatedly debunked by third
party witnesses and the Department of
Justice itself which found no wrongdoing
by Wilson this is how leftist narratives
spread and there will be violence
spurred on by such narratives because
the hard left likes it's riots just so
long as the riots are aimed at the
establishment meaning in this case the
cops i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show
well today's mailbag day and so that's
very exciting we've been doing that a
little bit later which is why you need
to become a subscriber over at daily
wire.com
we're also gonna be talking I'm gonna
break down this awful awful court
decision from a judge in a federal
district judge in Hawaii striking down
or at least putting a temporary hold on
Donald Trump's executive president
Trump's executive order on immigration
and refugees I will break that down for
you awful awful decision and I read the
decision twice because it's so bad that
it took twice just to comprehend all the
stupidity inherent in it but first we
have to say thank you to our friends and
sponsors over at lyft so if you need to
go somewhere and you're looking for the
best ride-sharing app there is lyft is
it and if you tried lift you know what I
mean it's high-quality drivers all the
cars are new they show up in
three-and-a-half minutes on average
every lyft driver is fully vetted
through a 10-point safety standard
including criminal and DMV background
checks you know you're gonna get around
quickly and safely we use lyft all the
time in my family I use it my wife uses
it more important to me that my wife
uses it because sometimes she's coming
home late from the hospital she's really
tired and as a young and beautiful woman
it is important to me that my wife is
picked up by people who I know that I
can trust with safety and same thing for
her and that's why she uses lifts you
can also tip in the app which means that
the drivers are happier nine out of ten
lift rides get a perfect five-star
rating from the passenger it's a better
all-around experience the quality is
really really high right now if you
download the lyft app and you use promo
code Shapiro's you get up to three free
rides you get three free rides up to ten
dollars each and thirty dollar value
when you're enter promo code
Shapiro's so go download the app right
now the lyft app ly ft lyft promo code
Shapiro and again you get a thirty
dollar value three free rides up to ten
dollars each promo code Shapiro and it
is the best ride-sharing app there is
lyft and we thank them for being our
sponsors obviously use that promo code
Shapiro in order to get the discount and
also to let them know that were the ones
who sent you okay so the one one of the
worst judicial decisions in recent
memory came out yesterday from a
district court judge in Hawaii and he
struck down Donald Trump's revised
executive order now we didn't really
talk too much about Donald Trump's
revised executive order because
basically what the revised executive
order on immigration and refugees did is
it got rid of a lot of the things that
the ninth circuit objected to and the
federal district court in Washington
objected
- originally in the first executive
order so first things first the first
executive order was fully constitutional
and it was fully legal but the Court
struck it down anyway they said that it
affected green card holders which was a
problem they said that it was
religiously discriminatory which really
shouldn't have been a problem but they
said it was so the new version got rid
of all language with regard to Islam and
Christianity the new version got rid of
its application to green card holders
the new version broadened the ability
for the secretary of state to grant
admission to people on the basis of
exceptions to the rules set up it's a
it's a facially neutral statute meaning
it has no differentiation between
Muslims and anybody else that didn't
stop the court so this federal district
judge basically decides and this is
basically what the decision comes down
to it's an amazing thing the decision
comes down to I don't like Donald Trump
therefore the executive order is bad and
that is not much of a simplification the
entire decision rests on the idea that
he's not actually going to read the
verbiage and not gonna read the actual
wording of the executive order instead
they're just gonna look at stuff that
Donald Trump has said over the past two
years and say look it looks like Donald
Trump doesn't like Muslims therefore
even though this particular executive
order doesn't discriminate against
Muslims even though this particular
executive order only applies to people
from six of the most terror rich
countries on earth originally named by
Barack Obama we're still going to impute
to Donald Trump some sort of nefarious
motive to ban Muslims because he doesn't
like Muslims so in other words we're not
gonna look at the wall we're gonna look
at what they said about the law but not
even what they said about this law we're
gonna look at what he said a year ago
about different stuff and now if the
courts had held this about Obamacare
Obamacare would have been struck down
obviously Obamacare should have been
struck down anyway because Obama was
telling the truth when he said Obamacare
was not a tax it was a fee but the
courts specifically ignored Obamacare
being a fee and not a tax in order to
rewrite the statute and protect
Obamacare so they ignored everything
Obama said in order to ensure that
Barack Obama's signature law remained
law in this case they're taking
something that is obviously and
perfectly legal and they are saying that
it is now illegal because they don't
like what Donald Trump said so let's go
through some of the Dumber things about
this decision and it is demonstrative of
the fact that Congress needs to
crackdown on the jurisdiction of federal
courts federal courts should not have
this type of jurisdiction the Ninth
Circuit should be broken up as
as a Circuit Court of Appeals this is a
long-standing opinion of mine this is
not something that is brought about by
this particular decision
I wrote my entire third year law paper
at Harvard Law which I've been
attempting to dig up for a while now
I wrote the entire thing on why judicial
review is a constitutional error and why
actually has nothing to do with the
Constitution of the United States that
said this decision is perfect evidence
of why you cannot have a group of judges
who think they are an oligarchic super
legislature oh good they think that our
lawmakers they're not lawmakers so what
does this actual decision say well first
it says that the Constitution bars
religious discrimination against
foreigners it says the Establishment
Clause applies to people who don't even
live in the country nah it doesn't apply
to American citizens alone it applies to
some random dude on a hilltop in Yemen
so in other words if you have a policy
that says random dude on a hilltop in
Yemen we're not letting you in because
you are a radical Muslim they say well
this would violate the Establishment
Clause because you obviously prefer
Christians to Muslims this is asinine
first of all the provisions of the
Constitution do not apply to foreigners
the Constitution only applies to people
who are citizens of the United States it
does not apply to people who are living
any random place in the world if the
Constitution has to grant rights to
people to immigrate regardless of
religion regardless of viewpoint like
imagine this okay the First Amendment of
the Constitution also says you have
freedom of speech it says you have
freedom of religion and it has the
Establishment Clause the government
cannot establish religion so let's say
the Constitution were to apply to people
all over the world and now it applies to
everyone well the First Amendment also
says you have freedom of speech so that
means that presumably that applies to
anybody abroad and those people we can't
discriminate against them based on
viewpoint right the government is not
allowed viewpoint discrimination against
you or me and can't shut me down because
of what I'm saying if we took the same
logic that this Court is applying to the
Establishment Clause and applied it to
the free speech Clause what you'd end up
with is anyone anywhere on earth has a
right to enter the United States no
matter what they think about things okay
that's how crazy this Court decision is
other things that this decision says as
I say the court actually says that
motivation matters not text they
explicitly acknowledged explicitly
acknowledged that there is nothing in
this executive order that discriminates
against Muslims they then try to make
the claim that it discriminates
Muslims even though clearly does not
discriminate against all Muslims the
court says the illogic of the
government's contentions is palpable the
notion that one can demonstrate animus
toward any group of people only by
targeting all of them at once is
fundamentally flawed ok that doesn't
make any sense at all if you're
demonstrating animus for a group of
people obviously you have to demonstrate
animus for the entire group of people if
I have a law and it only affects a
certain percentage of black people but
it doesn't affect 99 percent of black
people it's very difficult to say that
the law is actually motivated by animus
against black people that seems
relatively logical to me and in fact the
court then goes on to make exactly the
same case that they're saying it's
illogical right they then say this is
obviously a Muslim ban because it
applies to countries that are largely
Muslim he can't make a statistical
argument like that if you're just
claiming that statistical arguments are
irrelevant to the question of animus
they quote Donald Trump from March 2016
saying I think Islam hates us ok March
2016 he was still a candidate he wasn't
even president then they quote Trump's
infamous Muslim ban press release from
late 2015 and they say all of this is
the backdrops of this executive order
and then they say that because Donald
Trump says mean things about the Muslims
that means that the executive order is
illegal and then they quote the 10th
circuit on this issue and here's what
they say they basically say that maybe
at some future point he could pass the
exact same as that could have order and
we wouldn't strike it down we wouldn't
put a temporary restraining order on it
because we would we would know that he
actually is not a mean guy so now
they're judging Trump is a person he's a
mean guy right this is what they say
from the above principles we conclude
that a government cure should be one
purposeful to public and three at least
as persuasive as the initial endorsement
of religion it should be purposeful
enough for an objective observer to know
unequivocally that the government does
not endorse religion so in other words
if Donald from spends the next two years
talking about how Islam is just awesome
then they might allow him to pursue this
executive order but until then until he
goes out and says publicly that Islam is
the best religion that ever was and he
loves Islam like no other that it is
big-league in his own words until he
actually does that they are going to ban
this executive order so they're gonna
mind read Donald Trump which is a
challenging thing under any
circumstances it's particularly stupid
when the people attempting to mind-read
Trump are obviously not mind-reading
Trump they are mind-reading themselves
in their perceptions
about Trump okay other things that are
idiotic about this decision so they
reinforce in this decision
this notion pushed by the Ninth Circuit
Court of Appeals in that federal
district judge in Washington that a
state is able to sue and get immigration
policy held up if it doesn't benefit the
state to have more immigration so the
state says one of the big issues in in
loitering is something called standing I
can't sue the government based on some
random law that doesn't affect me
I can't sue Mathis today based on the
fact that I get food poisoning from a
separate restaurant I don't have
standing because Mathis hasn't done me
any harm right you have to get as
standing means that the person you're
suing has some connection with the harm
that is that is being inflicted upon you
so what the court does here is they
broaden the issue of standing because
really the state doesn't have any
standing to sue the federal government
based on immigration policy they don't
if they could then presumably the state
of Arizona could have sued the federal
government long ago for not enforcing
its immigration laws affecting the state
of Arizona and negative ways they
weren't able to but now the Court finds
standing to open the borders why because
universities in states like Hawaii won't
be able to recruit that dude on the
hilltop in Yemen seriously this is what
it says it says the state has
preliminary demonstrated that its
universities will suffer monetary
damages and intangible harms so now we
are now measuring the state standing
based on intangible harms things that
kept you measured or felt okay that's
totally insane as well and then finally
I think that the the most insane the
most insane thing here of all I'll tell
you in one second but first I have to
say thank you to our advertisers over at
C so so they have a new series out that
actually really really funny it's called
shrink once about a guy who's $500,000
in debt after going to med school and
instead of actually starting a real
practice he starts conducting free
therapy sessions for patients that he
finds on Craigslist and then the series
is really really funny you should go
check it out right now it's critically
acclaimed you can watch the trailer over
at YouTube the series is called trick
but you can only do that you can only
actually watch the series if you
subscribe to see so so see so is your
one-stop shop for all comedy see so has
backlogs of the office it has backlogs
of Parks and Rec has backlogs of all the
British comedies
the office and and and all of Monty
Python it has all the late night shows
we're gonna play some late night later
some of the late night is getting really
good now actually so go to see so calm
and subscribe it's just 399 per month no
joke and it has all the comedy that you
would ever want see so calm SE eso calm
and you get one month free if you use
promo code bets you can try it out
risk-free see if you like it see SOCOM
promo club and my wife and I really
really do enjoy see so we watch it
almost every night because it is
hilarious and the amount of comedy
content is astounding they have the
entire backlog of Saturday Night Live
going back to the days when it didn't
suck so go and check it out right now
see so calm and become a subscriber for
399 per month and you can access their
content from everything including Amazon
fire and Apple TV or or Android or iOS
you can get it anywhere so check it out
see so calm and remember use that promo
code Ben at checkout so that you can
number one signal that you listen to the
show and number two so that you can
actually get that one month for free and
see if you like it okay so the stupidest
thing of all about this about this
ruling I should say the second stupidest
thing the stupidest thing is this whole
feelings routine this this routine that
Donald Trump's feelings about Islam
shape how the court rules on an
executive order I'll tell you the reason
that that's the stupidest thing the
reason that's the stupidest thing is if
people can now sue the President of the
United States and say that he is
violating the Establishment Clause
simply because he has quote-unquote
animus for some group outside the United
States that violates the Establishment
Clause then you could theoretically have
somebody sued Trump to stop him from
pursuing military action against like al
Qaeda and Isis because he doesn't really
hate al Qaeda and Isis he hates all of
this long right they use exactly the
same logic they're using right now on
immigration the logic they're using on
immigration Trump says I want to stop al
Qaeda I want to stop Isis I want to stop
terrorists from coming into the country
and they say no what you really mean is
you hate Muslims
why couldn't you use that exact same
logic with regard to what he's doing in
war why couldn't you say well what he
really means is he doesn't hate al Qaeda
or Isis he hates all Muslims he wants a
war with Islam and that means I'm gonna
sue him because the Establishment Clause
doesn't allow him to make policy that
discriminates based on religion okay
this is crazy talk the stupidest thing
however is this is is the second
stupidest thing in this ruling however
is the granting of standing to the
plaintiff a guy named dr. Ismail
el-sheikh okay
dr. el Sheikh is an American citizen of
Egyptian descent there are two issues
that make him not right for standing
here that don't grants him standing in
this case one he's an American citizen
the executive orders does not apply to
American citizens - he's from Egypt it
doesn't apply to Egyptians Egypt is not
one of the countries on the list so
there are two separate reasons why he is
so number one he's an American citizen
it doesn't apply to him - even if it
didn't apply to American citizens it
still wouldn't apply to him because he's
from Egypt
so who does it apply to he's suing
because his mother-in-law is from Syria
and she wants to come visit seriously
his mother first of all this alone
shouldn't mean that he never gets
standing because no one wants their
mother-in-law to visit but second of all
the idea that he's getting standing
based on his mother-in-law living in
Syria is insane how does the court come
up with the idea of standing they say he
has standing because this direct quote
he thinks that the executive order is
devastating to me my wife and children
since it saddened him I am not making
that up that is in the court decision
the court decision says that this guy
has standing to sue the federal
government because the policy of the
federal government made him sad
okay I am now going to see the federal
government for every law and regulation
in his past in the last 20 years because
they all make me sad because they all
suck it doesn't work that way this is
not how law works this is a usurpation
skort this is a court that is usurping
obviously the power of the of the
presidency and it's about time for
Congress to step in and do something
about it because this is fully crazy
this is fully crazy we'll talk more
about that will also do the mail back
but in order for you to do that and see
that you're gonna have to go over to
Daley wire.com and become a subscriber
if you go over to Daley wire com 8 bucks
a month allows you access to watch the
rest of the podcast live and in living
color you can become part of the mailbag
- you don't get your and your questions
answered unless you are one of the
members of our special special coterie
of geniuses and you only become part of
that code or you only get your special
decoder badge when you go to decoder
ring when you go to daily wire comm and
you become a subscriber for $8 a month
you can become an annual subscriber as
well right now we are giving out copies
of the runaway bestseller reasons to
vote Democrat by Michael Knowles this is
the this is the
that is soaring it's still number one on
Amazon it's been number one on Amazon
for a week and a half and it is
literally a blank book of pages but you
get a free copy of it because it is it
is hilarious I did and I will take
partial credit because I put my quote on
the front that says Thoreau in any case
you can get a free copy of that when you
become the annual subscriber and and
Michael will sign it for you he'll be
happy to sign it for you since he
obviously has nothing better to do like
write actual books so go over to daily
wire.com right now and become an annual
subscriber you get that for free plus I
promise I keep saying this the Shapiro
store is coming there will be discounts
for subscribers and you can go and check
that out over at daily wire comm or
later listen to the rest of the show at
iTunes and SoundCloud
and leave a rating over at iTunes we are
the top conservative podcast in the
nation
you
