I'm so honored and delighted to have the
man who has dominated the amazon.com
bestseller list number one for how long
has it been number one having number one
for four days I think four or five days
reasons to vote for Democrats which I
think Bude on this show I'm honored to
say and it's a completely empty book
because it's reasons to vote for
Democrats and I think I have to pause
here for a moment to say on the show we
have repeatedly given you we've given
you a couple of Nobel Prizes the Oscar
and the Pulitzer but it's now two this
time it is my honor to present to you
directly from our show to you the troll
of the Year award and we have a picture
of this please oh my gosh do we have
this on camera just okay there's the
troll of the year I know this is going
to go in you're probably be framed in
your wastebasket
that's all night patrol the trollee let
me I actually want to be semi serious
here as serious as you and I are capable
of it what what is this been like you
this is this is undoubtedly the biggest
troll since Trump went after Obama's
president if i trolled any harder i
would be the president right now number
one Bissell for four days for a day
almost a week now it's been the number
one bestseller we have sold several
multiples of the copies required to make
the New York Times bestseller laughs
well well see the New York Times how can
I ask how many copies useful the last
night I don't have updated numbers I
only get them every couple days yeah but
we've sold over 60,000 copies on
believable that is one believable I mean
people you know those of us who actually
bleed onto the page to create wear and
make our words and our blood you know
60,000 I mean I've had books that have
sold that much but like that's you know
that's a big big the difference of
course is that you are an author
but I mean it's gotta it's gotta be I
mean I'm the I'm thrilled for you so
it's got to be a thrill that you're in
all these you're in the BBC cover Her
Majesty the Queen Democrats in my house
I mean it's got to be kind of thrilling
right it is unbelievably thrilling it is
overwhelming and in it's actually sort
of given me it was it was really really
funny up to 500 copies it was it was
shocking and funny up to about 5,000
copies and after that it actually made
me think about this culture that we're
in where this book could do so well and
what it means for the write what it
means for the exuberance on the right
what it means for the state of the
country and of politics and and the
consents of comedy on the right in the
sense of comedy have you know I do want
to say just before this one narrative
that you were living with a woman in sin
yes you can't you came over to my house
and we smoked a cigar and you said you
were gonna propose an arraignment is
absolutely true right it was the most
vivid double rainbow amazing rainbow is
to celebrate God celebrating the fact
that you were had making an honest woman
out of your beautiful beautiful fiance
and now he's given you a best-seller to
reward you I think God works in very
very mysterious ways I'd like to thank
Drew you know in the old days back when
everyone believed in God you know he
would he would sort of whisper in your
ear we're such dholtze in the still
small voice is work so you know we
actually on the right I mean we complain
about the culture all the time and the
in Hollywood and the movies and all the
stuff but we kind of dominate the
internet don't we do we are as someone
asked why this is doing so well and
there are like five or six Democrat
copycats out there and they've sold
about half of a copy that's combined I
think Emma's on dropped it for a while
didn't think Amazon DRI was so that this
was unbelievable I'll I won't make any
accusations I'll just tell you how
things happen very briefly I flew into
Florida for a wedding I went to the Fox
studio in Fort Lauderdale to go
Fox and Princeton talk that's crazy
experience my book was number one on
Amazon by the time I was off of Fox &
Friends it was unavailable on Amazon now
I called the publisher which is owned by
Amazon and Amazon I couldn't get a
straight answer they're telling me
they'll check back they'll see it's
really hard about an hour later while I
was still on the phone I
I said that this is an outrage I
threatened to go to the press about it
because it seemed like it was
politically motivated I hung up the
phone minutes later it was back wow wow
this is like they're copying you and
they're censoring you so pretending to
be Republicans and censoring people is
what Democrats do right but why why is
why are we so good I mean we I have to
admit I've always kind of I get
disgruntled with conservatives about the
culture because they don't seem to care
and they well you know I'm not going to
let movies I'm never which means that a
conservative movie maker can't make a
dime because they're not that audience
is there but why are we so good at this
I think it's because we've been shut out
of all the the Hofstra media outlets
we've been we've been totally shut out
from you know TV the mainstream news
media talk radio I suppose we still have
so all this talent all of this really
creative talent and all of these really
smart people can go online and express
their creativity and their intelligence
and the way that you can tell this is
first of all all the Democrat copycats
don't get the joke they actually are
using a hook to mock conservative in a
sort of mean and attacking way that
isn't the point of the book that isn't
why it's funny but look at the reviews
there are like 1500 reviews on Amazon of
our book and they're so clever I mean
it's just really funny
yeah and just none of that exists it's
actually our guys going to their fake
books and just writing things like said
you know you know the left it always
flatters itself that we're not I always
say conservatives aren't funny because
leftists have no sense of humor selves
that's why they're not fun but but the
fact is you know it's like when when
they used to would not allow blacks to
be managers of baseball teams yeah and
they then they did allow them but there
were no black managers or baseball teams
and everybody said well you know people
actually said this on-air you know what
blacks just don't have that capacity
they don't have it and yet you you lock
the door on people for a hundred years
and then you suddenly pull the door open
and nobody's standing there yeah well
yeah because they haven't prepared for
that moment when you actually stopped
keeping them out and we've been so we
really have been blacklisted or at least
grey listed from the creative arts and
so that that makes it a good reason
we're just there and you know there's
also a great thing I think about this
book which is that it allows
conservatives I think generally tend to
be funnier I know this is know it if you
watched Comedy Central because
conservatives aren't allowed within 200
feet of the building but they're not
funny either yeah I mean by the way this
book is trouncing Trevor Noah's you know
the what I really like about it is that
the whole use of this book is to go and
you buy like 10 copies and you give it
to your lefty and and your Democrat
friend and you're giving it to them and
it's a little poke it's not there's
nothing mean about it you're saying
there's no reason to vote for Democrats
but you're not saying they're evil
people or you know terrible people or
something yeah and I think there's that
this is something that President Trump
has shown us that having a good sense of
humor is a tremendously powerful
political tool and it's and it's sorely
lacking in the culture today no question
and you know let me ask you this over
that you know Shapiro has made these I
think fairly cogent arguments about
about the moral hazard of this that if
we live in a world that's all trolling
its post truth you know I think he's
seeing something real I mean you know
sometimes sometimes you can worry too
much about things that might come down
the pike but he is seeing something real
there's something there is something
disturbing even to me I mean I think you
did a great job and I'm really I'm
delighted by the whole thing but there's
something disturbing seeing a blank book
at the top of the rest is kind of
symbolic you know kind of a statement
yeah I think the book like a lot of the
Trump campaign is an expression of the
culture I don't think yeah it's created
the culture certainly I do think it's an
expression of it and there's a moral
hazard there because we're in a morally
hazardous culture so of course you know
conservatives were always talking about
how the end is near and you know the
culture has been dead since World War
one and we're
living in decadent times all of that
might be true but you know what one
thing I think the book makes it's an
important point is that I've gone to all
of these protests and marches for your
show and I've covered all of them and
those protesters do not use language on
the left they don't have any cogent or
not only argument that they're making
they're not even using cogent language
so it's just four-letter epithets f this
F Trump F pence and because there's no
because there's they're in a post verbal
moment at this point I think that this
is an old gag this gag has been around
in America since the 1880 presidential
election but I think it says something
really true about their party right now
and we are also in an exuberant moment
on the right and I think we're just
capitalizing on that and living on them
you know that brian Stelter thing was
actually an amazing thing where he said
where the guy was saying to him obama
was much worse with the press and still
terse said yes but those were actions
not words you know it's funny I talked
to an old friend of mine who actually is
going to these marches these protests in
New York and I said what are you
protesting and he actually did not have
an answer I said what exactly the
approach did yeah so the book even
though the book is empty it actually
does contain a statement this is not a
new joke there was really 1880
presidential election the GOP ticket
which was James Garfield and Chester
Arthur released a book about their
opponent called a record of the
statesmanship Winfield Scott Hancock and
paper was more expensive back then so
he's only about four pages long today
not 270 but it's an old joke the
question is why is it resonating now and
I think part of it is our culture and a
large part of it is that the book is
absolutely right about the state of the
Democratic Party unbelievable it really
a great a great joke I mean we're proud
of you the troll of the year I'm so
thank you with the best award yet again
next Monday Michael halls super troll
best-selling super drill
