over the next few days President Trump
is slated to usher a bevy of Republicans
into the White House to wine and dine
them over Trump care the replacement
plan for Obamacare that looks much more
like Obamacare light than like an actual
Liberty based reform destined to free
Americans from regulatory burden and
allow them freedom of choice in a
competition based marketplace
undoubtedly some Republicans those most
in danger of a primary challenge and
most fearful of Trumpy inventions will
cave but the whole scenario reveals a
few basic truths first president Trump
is not ideologically driven anyone who
thinks Trump is ideologically driven
rather than driven by desire for
popularity and power should be
disappointed by this Trump care rollout
Trump doesn't know what the details are
he clearly doesn't care very much his
plan is simple boil down the health care
choice here to two binary options option
one
rammed through this deeply flawed bill
that minimizes political harm to him by
trimming around the edges of Obamacare
while fitting to the base that has been
repealed and replaced option to push the
bills as hard as possible watch it fail
then blame Republicans for presenting
him with a flawed plan he pushed like a
good soldier and blamed Democrats for
blocking much-needed reforms second
nobody knows anything about basic
communications from care was rolled out
amidst questions about secrecy just like
Obamacare it was rushed just like
Obamacare and when conservatives
objected to its provisions Speaker of
the House Paul Ryan and team Trump
answered but it's just part one of a
three-part plan question shouldn't you
have a lead with that you idiots if
you're going to throw out an unpopular
largely unworkable bill that adds to the
debt while continuing to undermine free
markets shouldn't you tell us what the
non crap in the crap sandwich is gonna
be but know also worth noting
Republicans don't have to do a massive
replacement package they could simply
pass repeal then pass a series of
shorter bills aimed at freeing the
healthcare markets
Daniel Horowitz over a conservative
review has a pretty good summary of such
actions third congressional Republicans
have no spine it is no surprise to see
congressional Republicans on the verge
of being wooed by Trump with bowling and
pizza yes seriously bowling and pizza
this allows them to avoid responsibility
in Obamacare like all other
redistribution programs has a set a
specific beneficiaries in to fuse
victims which means it's more
politically popular than unpopular at
this point to keep big swaths of it
Trump care allows Republicans to do this
while blaming Trump but Republicans
elected in 2010 and 2014 they should be
wary of the blowback you can't keep
promising
the moon forever and then deliver some
mouldy cheese as a replacement forth
Steve Bannon is sitting pretty in the
White House power game it's Bannon
versus previous Priebus is the man
allied with Paul Ryan he's Ryan's man on
the inside it's tempting to shape policy
by coordinating with Congress Bannon is
the Smash Ball outsider who couldn't
care less about Congress hates Paul Ryan
and thinks previous is a gormless wussy
boy
however this thing now shakes out Bannon
is in solid position if Trump care keeps
getting crushed in the press that's
unprepossessing that's on Priebus if it
falls apart that's on Priebus too and
Bandhan can point to Priebus and whisper
it in Trump's ear that if he'd only
followed his instincts all would have
been well well played Steve Bannon well
played
v Republicans lost the health care
argument because they aren't willing to
fight Republicans essentially
acknowledged by embracing main aspects
of Obamacare the leftist argument that
the government ought to be involved in
ensuring that everyone obtains health
insurance or health care that's crap as
I've explained before a market-based
system that recognizes free choice and
individual responsibility for health
decisions and that incentivizes lower
cost and higher supply through
preservation of a demand structure will
not only work better it will represent a
commitment to Liberty spelled out in the
Constitution but it's always easier to
declare something right than to be
provided by government than to declare a
right to be free from government as
always Republicans have ceded this
critical battlefield Trump care looks
bad for conservatives it isn't a major
improvement from Obamacare it represents
retreat from central conservative
principles it won't make Republicans
more popular but it does show how
cowardice and lack of principle result
in horrible policy I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
so I come back from Legoland and
Disneyland with my wife and my daughter
and my son and you've ruined everything
you've ruined everything okay that's not
really true there's some good stuff
that's happening in the Trump
administration and then there's this
health care rollout which is a bit of a
disaster and there's the women's March
the the day without a woman which
shockingly was not a day without women
women were everywhere in the press they
were wearing red and lefty women were
being bothersome but we'll get to all of
that in just a second first we have to
say thank you to our sponsors over at
legacy box so one of the things that I
care about most in life is family
memories which is why I do things like
go on vacation with my wife in the
middle of the week and because I care
about family memories so much I've
always been a big advocate of making
sure that you've protected your photos
and your old videos all those memories
they can disappear so easily because you
don't remember everything that's
happened in your life but legacy box
ensures that all that the stack of old
tapes that you've never watched before
all those little pictures that are just
moldering out in the garage all of that
can be preserved and it can be put on an
easy-to-use thumb drive and put on a DVD
for you so you can have access to it
right away
you just take all your stuff you dump it
in a box from legacy box you throw it to
them and then you send it to them and
they take it they put barcodes on it so
that you can track every piece that's
been sent to them and then they send you
back a DVD or a thumb drive with all the
material on it so instead of you having
to worry that if there's a flood or a
fire or something goes wrong in your
house it's gonna ruin all your memories
you've got it all available digitally
and at the touch of a touch of a button
so that's pretty awesome
legacy box make sure that it happens if
you go to legacy box.com right now slash
Ben go to legacy box comm slash Ben you
get a 40% discount on your order heavy
discount great service legacy box comm
slash Ben legacy box.com slash Ben you
saying all those film reels and photos
that don't get watched or taken out send
them to legacy box and they'll take care
of all of it for you again it's legacy
box comm slash Ben you get a 40%
discount on your order very important
service something you should certainly
do for your family okay
so we'll begin today by talking about
this idiotic day without a woman routine
that happened yesterday it did not serve
its purposes so if you're going to hold
what they called a general strike if
you're gonna hold the general strike and
a general strike just means everybody
doesn't go to work ever gonna hold the
general strike the purpose of the
general strike presumably is to
how horrible things would be if these
women didn't show up to work did anyone
have a real rough time yesterday when
women didn't show up to work this lay it
wasn't even a huge percentage of women
when a certain number of women didn't
show up to work because their lefty
idiots did did the world stop turning
did everything implode no it didn't and
so that sort of undermines the idea of
the general strike in the first place
also if they are marching against the
wage gap it seems to me one way that you
could help close the wage gap is by hmm
working if you take the day off and you
don't get paid and then you blame men
well that's not part of the so-called
wage gap that's you taking the day off
plus you have to acknowledge that there
is a little bit of income bias here the
only people who are gonna take the day
off are number one people who can afford
to take the day off and number two
people who aren't working everybody who
actually has to be at work was it work
so a lot of the people who showed up or
members of the American Federation of
Teachers which is a major public sector
Union or the National Education
Association another major public union
and it's easy for them to do that
because they're basically striking
against the government what other things
already otic about this they the
ancillary causes in this date without a
woman so Linda Sarsour was arrested she
is the the radical Muslim spokesperson
for the women's March she was arrested
at the women's March for no apparent
reason but one of the event organizers
was also a lady named R as Mia Yusei
Odette who is a Palestinian terrorist
convicted of killing two Israeli men in
a terrorist attack so she was there so
that's exciting
also they talked about abortion and what
they called solidarity with the sex
workers rights movement okay then that's
weird okay so they were they're very
focused on the key issues that matter my
favorite story that came out of the day
without a woman was according to the
Washington Post some feminists spent the
day refusing to smile seriously this is
the Washington Post reporting some
feminists say the happy face they sport
by habit around command is a form of
unpaid emotional labor okay this is fake
news feminists don't smile so I'm not
sure which feminists they say the happy
face they support has anyone ever seen a
feminist who sports a happy face by
habit they're the most miserable people
on earth self-described feminists who
march in things like this the happy face
they sport by habit my goodness yeah I
always think brightness and sunshine
when I think militant feminists that's
always what I think of
if you wanna win friends and influence
people don't call smiling emotional
labor was anyone forcing you to smiles
and putting a gun to your head like I
understand that in our society in a
civilization we try to be generally
pleasant to one another and I think
that's a good thing I think that it's
good that we are pleasant to one another
as a general rule it doesn't seem to me
to be unemotional labor that people
expect you to be pleasant to one another
otherwise everybody then then ever then
do you really want the world to work
like the TSA at LAX is that really what
you want the world to look like like
people glaring at you and getting angry
at you while they force you to stuff
your oversized baggage into that stupid
little metal thing is that what you want
the world to look like apparently
feminists want the world to work like
that
also there are all these people wearing
red in solidarity for something or other
this is confusing here's a montage of
some of the people in media wearing red
you look at this look at all these women
wearing red women in science technology
engineering and then all these women
wearing red you know the talking on CNN
so you've got a bunch of people running
around on and then you have people on
Fox News wearing red and it's just like
the huge number of people wearing red
looks like NBC News there okay and it
just goes on and on and on all these
members of the media wearing red all
these women are going on okay ladies
turns out something we knew you were
ladies we did I know
shocker we knew you're women and it
doesn't help your case when you wear
ugly red cardigans or what looks like a
magic eye poster on your shirt that is
red and it just goes on and on again is
that what what statement are they trying
to make other than we are women yeah we
know that's why you're on TV in part
okay women actually have a relatively
large advantage when it comes to getting
bookings on TV because people like to
look at women in ways they don't like to
look at men sorry to break it to you
ladies this is why pretty women are on
TV more often than not such a pretty
women but you know they all the women on
TV wearing red oh well this demonstrates
their strength and power actually it
just demonstrates that whoever had stock
in the in the red fabric died yesterday
did really really well the other things
that were idiotic and hathaway you know
the super super wealthy actress she
spoke at the UN about equal pay and
Hathaway oh my goodness somehow we and
every American parent were expected to
be back to normal in
three months without income I remember
thinking to myself if the practical
reality of pregnancy is another mouth to
feed in your home and America is a
country where most people are living
paycheck to paycheck
how does 12 weeks unpaid leave
economically work the truth is for too
many people it doesn't one in four
American women go back to work two weeks
after giving birth because they can't
afford to take off any more time than
that ok I have an idea for you I have an
idea you see that very very very
expensive blazer that you're wearing how
much did that cost how much paid leave
could you provide to a poor working
mother if you just sold that very very
expensive blazer and then used it for
the paid maternity leave you can do it
it's a free country here's what I don't
understand so much I don't understand
why you know I have a wife we have two
children my wife took maternity leave
with both our kids not paid maternity
leave just maternity leave and we
covered it because that's what we do we
decided that was a decision we wanted to
make as a family I don't understand why
it's incumbent on my wife now to work
longer hours and see her kids less so
that other people can have paid
maternity leave also worth noting most
companies now grant paid maternity leave
most companies do make sure that there
is a paid maternity leave or a paid
parental leave if a major corporation
most are offering this because they
understand it's a competitive way of
grabbing up labor of grabbing up solid
labor but I love these uber wealthy
celebrities who sit there and act like
there's nothing that can be done for
these poor women who can't take
maternity leave and half the way it gets
paid millions of dollars to act in
movies okay she's perfectly capable of
helping out these people but instead
it's got to be the government forcing it
or the government taxing people in order
to do it and then she takes off her
money I'm sure and stashes it in an
overseas bank accounts that it doesn't
actually have to be taxed in the United
States just like all these people in
Hollywood do so that is just delightful
other other aspects of the day without a
woman again it was just it was a it was
a long litany of irritation other things
that this was a mature celebrated was
there's a statue I guess somebody put up
of this little girl staring down the
bull and on Wall Street okay and the
bull on Wall Street is supposed to
represent Wall Street and there is this
statue of this brave
little girls standing down the ball a
couple of facts that should be noted
here one little girls please do not
stand in front of enraged bulls it's
just not smart okay don't take this
literally I feel this warning has to be
issued because we now live in a world
where people make movies about how this
little girl has superpowers and could
punch the bull into the next County
in reality that bull would trample the
little girl and it would be very sad and
terrible so please parents don't let
your little girls standing from the
Bulls okay let's just put that out there
number two what exactly should facing
down Wall Street Wall Street is bad to
women
Wall Street America is the greatest
country for women in the history of
humanity and that's largely because we
have a thriving marketplace including
Wall Street what is the little girl for
standing for communism is she's standing
against the bull again all of this is
just images of female strength let's
let's talk about female strength in the
context of what wouldn't actually do
they work instead of going on stupid
marches they bear children and bring up
those children as opposed to asking the
government to do so and they actually
take place in a marketplace as opposed
to standing against the marketplace
that's what they do in America and
that's what makes women fantastic in
America is not make the feminist
movement fantastic finally Hillary
Clinton felt the necessity to come out
of hiding apparently she had her hair
done by the same people who did
instincts hair and and she I don't know
what happened to that it did not look
like that when it came in the mail but
now she's just donning this this wig
that looks like some sort of it's like
she took I don't know it's like a dead
parrot on her head in any case Hillary
Clinton did a snapchat for the children
you know that snapchat for the children
and she and she talked about what women
are supposed to do while wearing again a
very expensive jacket that is painted
red there's a lot to fight for Planned
Parenthood education healthcare jobs
every issue is a woman's issue so stand
up resist run for office be a champion I
can't believe we didn't elect this woman
how did we not elect this bag of
charisma this giant oversized bag of
charismatic genius Wow how did we not
make her president I can't freakin
imagine further know when she just stand
up and resist Hillary women tried to
resist your husband didn't let them
okay so just putting that be okay so
before we get to the actual breakdown in
health care because that I think is just
important topic again this just
demonstrates the left doesn't know what
the hell they're doing they're terrible
at everything and they demonstrated each
and every day before we get to what
Republicans suck at which is apparently
replacing Obamacare and repealing
Obamacare we have to say thank you to
our sponsors over and my Patriot supply
so right now if you are concerned about
the possibility of war or natural
disaster and you should be I mean
everyone should always be concerned
about these possibilities you should
make sure that you go to my Patriot
supply and prepare with Ben comm you go
to prepare with Ben calm or 888 803 1413
888 803 1413 and you get knighted for
$99 plus free shipping you get a huge
supply of all the food that you're gonna
need in case of something terrible
happening it's a four week emergency
food supply it's limited to two - per
person so you know you don't have to
worry about you know you're gonna buy a
thousand of them you only need a
thousand of them it's a four week food
supply emergency food supply and that
ensures that you and your family are
taken care of in case of a natural
disaster or some sort of emergency if
you're concerned again about terror
attack or tornado if you're worried
about earthquake or flood then you have
to have food in your home and my team
has tasted they tell me that the meals
actually taste surprisingly good you
know it's canned food and it maintains
for like 25 years it stays forever but
they say that it actually tastes pretty
good which is shocking considering the
conditions but again you're buying this
for emergencies and that's why it's go
to prepare with been calm right now
prepare with been calm right now be
prepared for emergency preparedness and
our prepared in case of emergency so you
may have noticed from the top of the
show that I'm very very critical of the
of the new Obama care replacement and
the reason that I'm critical of the
Obama care replacement is because it
absolutely sucks okay there are a bunch
of problems with the Obama care
placement the biggest problem with the
Obama care replacement that is being
proposed the sort of Trump care or Ryan
Care Friends of Trump call it Ryan care
for fans of Ryan call it Trump care I'm
gonna call it from care because the
president gets credit for the health
plan he's proposing okay we didn't call
it Pelosi care who's called Obama care
so it seems fair to me that we're gonna
call it Trump care now especially since
Trump keeps saying how wonderful it is
Trump just tweeted out minutes ago quote
despite what you hear in the press
health care is coming along great we are
talking to many
groups it will end in a beautiful
picture of like a pony like a beautiful
picture of like a doggy like I dunno
what that means but okay I'll tell you
what's not a beautiful picture is the
actual thing so I've looked at the bill
there are a bunch of problems with the
bill first thing to note about this this
Obamacare bill the free market is a
great structure
the minute you start intervening in the
free market the minute you poke your
thumb in in order to quote-unquote fix
the free market you start a chain effect
you start a domino reaction by which you
have to get more and more and more
involved in the market and this is a
perfect case in point so this all starts
from the premise that insurance
companies are evil because insurance
companies will not cover pre-existing
conditions or they will charge you more
if you have a pre-existing condition
this makes sense as I have explained one
bajillion times on this program because
again if you have an insurance company
you don't insure things that have
already happened that's not an insurance
company anymore now that's just a
pyramid scheme okay if I burn down my
house and then apply for fire insurance
no one will grant me fire insurance
because the house has already been
burned down they're not gonna say hey it
sounds great pay us $100 a month and we
will pay you $100,000 for the house you
just burn down then we'll do that
because that's stupid
okay the economy can't work that way and
yet we are all fighting mad about the
pre-existing condition stuff here's the
fact about pre-existing conditions
the reason health insurance is useful is
because you're supposed to buy it before
you have a pre-existing condition and
you're supposed to buy it for your
family you're supposed to have prenatal
health insurance you're supposed to do
all these things so that we don't have
to worry about the pre-existing
conditions that exist right because then
it won't be a pre-existing condition it
will just be a condition that is the
purpose okay and anything that refuses
to acknowledge this problem ends up
completely skewing and destroying the
insurance market that's exactly what has
happened here end up regulating living
crap out of the insurance companies then
you have to subsidize it because the
cost is higher and then those subsidies
don't work because people don't take the
subsidies instead what they do is they
sit around waiting for the pre-existing
condition to materialize and then they
jump into the insurance market skewing
the cost still fear further creating
what you call the death spiral in the
insurance market again all that starts
from one simple premise insurance
companies are evil right they're
terrible terrible terrible because they
won't cover pre-existing conditions so
Republicans because they are stupid
instead of recognizing that the
government really does not have a
in the health insurance market it really
doesn't pay the government should not be
part of the health insurance market if
the government is going to be involved
anywhere the government should be
involved only to the extent that it is
necessary to prevent communicable
disease for example if there's an
epidemic because that has externalities
but if you are just somebody who is too
stupid to get health insurance your
entire life and now you have heart
disease and now you want the
government's take care of you no the
answer is no ok because the fact is then
the free competitive market health
insurance would have been available
since you were young and you could
afford it if you had a steady job ok
that is the truth in the United States
of America or you saved up the money in
some sort of health savings account
here's the reality ok the people talk
about you know poverty being the lead
indicator of not having health insurance
that's true poverty is also a leading
indicator that you're not making
particularly financially sound decisions
and so anything that is geared toward
forcing poor people to make financially
sound decisions is not going to work
very well because poor people who are
permanently poor I'm not talk about
people who are temporarily poor ok that
happens people lose their jobs we need
to fix the health insurance system so
far as government regulates it said it's
connected to your employer as opposed to
being freely available to individuals ok
that was a government outgrowth to begin
with again another case of the
government getting involved or wasn't
wanted and that creating all sorts of
terrible externalities once you do that
you end up destroying the health market
if you talk about government being
involved however there are certain
places for government to be involved in
minimizing government involvement so
that we can get toward a better system
there will have to be a transition here
now if Paul Ryan and Donald Trump had
come forward and said this is a
transitional part of the plan so we can
move toward a totally free market that
would be one thing they didn't they're
presenting this is part one of a
three-part plan first of all as I said
earlier they didn't even mention it was
part one of a three-part plan originally
they acted like this was the whole thing
ok which is just idiotic if you're gonna
feed me a crap sandwich at least tell me
there's some meat in it not just crap
unfortunately the original bill was
basically just crap so here are a few
problems first of all again it retains
all the requirements that insurance
cover people with pre-existing
conditions once you remove that leg of
the free market stool the rest of it
just collapses then in order to make
sure that it pays for itself you have to
force people to buy health insurance so
how are they doing that they're taking
away the mandate but they're now
mandating they have a different mandate
the mandate is that insurance companies
have to charge you a 30 percent
surcharge a 30 percent fine for those
whose insurance has lapsed
all right so that's the second problem
it also creates individual health care
subsidies so if you're a high-risk you
have pre-existing conditions well we
give you money to buy health insurance
which of course drives up the the price
of health insurance because you have
additional demand okay it also
subsidizes Medicaid for a greater period
of time until 2020 it subsidizes
Medicaid allows states to expand their
rolls which is not good because if you
think if you think that a future
Congress is going to allow cuts to
Medicaid you're out of your mind there's
never been an entitlement program that
has had significant cuts from Congress
without significant bravery and finally
it subsidizes high-risk pools on the
state level a lot of people like this
they say okay if we give a hundred
billion dollars to States over the next
ten years
then it'll help them cover all of these
costs and they can figure out how to use
that money again if you think that
that's going to disappear you are
totally wrong because again anybody who
vows to spend more money on this sort of
stuff is going to win elections which
would require political bravery now this
would be a good time this would be a
good time for Donald Trump to use that
political bravery so is he going to do
that well we shall discuss that thing
but you will first have to go to Daley
wire.com to check it out because we have
a lot more to discuss plus a thing that
I absolutely hate happening right here
inside the office I love it and I hate
it I've never loved and hated anything
so much but you'll have to go to Daley
wire com $8 a month will allow you to
become a subscriber to daily wire comm
plussing become an annual subscriber get
a free copy of the Arroyo which is a
fictional film set it's DVD copy
fictional film set on the border all
about the border crisis that's happening
on our southern border and and right now
by the way Trump doing a good job of
shutting that down which is pretty cool
but you can get that DVD copy by
becoming an annual subscriber plus the
Shapiro store I keep promising it but it
is it is coming I promise and that is
the promise that will be fulfilled daily
wired.com to become a subscriber or
listen later at soundcloud or iTunes and
make sure that you leave a review at
iTunes and check it out so we are the
largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
