best-selling cultural correspondent is
here Michael Knowles is here with his
new book reasons to vote for Democrats
Michael nulls can we bring him in by the
satellite that brings them in from 15
feet away this amazing technology now
that he looks almost as if he's sitting
in the same room and he is which took us
a long time and I like the so you're
that's your Yale tie is it not that's
right your Yale mug actin don't
forget to give me my Yale mug back right
thank you so you are in fact a yale
historian this is for Ryan Decker
atactic true and you've written reasons
to vote for Democrats a comprehensive
guide with no less than an expert in ben
shapiro calls thorough i'll give us a
blurb through i mean this is a large
undertaking with all your cultural
correspondent duties how did you go
about doing the research first well it
was a labor of love drew and i'd like to
thank you by the way for actually
reading the book I mean it's so
frustrating when you go on a book tour
and the interview where hasn't read the
book but you told me that took you over
15 or 20 seconds okay how do we do we do
the or homework here you know my other
fellow Yale historian of American
history David McCulloch writes that to
write well is to think clearly and
that's why it's so hard yes and what
I've really set out to do in that book
is to write the clearest book imaginable
just a totally clear but it's pellucid I
think it is you can see right well let's
take a look at some of the subject
because what you do is you divide the
reasons to vote for Democrats into
several different subjects so you have
for instance value just values is one of
the thing and I notice I notice the
pages on values are like completely
black they're entirely about totally
blank now what is that what is that
saying why did you why did you leave
those pages weren't well I thought
values would be a good way to enter into
my subject and the first thing I thought
about was what does this party think
about God the ultimate source of value
is enforceable and well the first clip I
saw actually was from the 2012
Democratic National Convention when they
were debating whether or not to include
God in the platform do we have that clip
all those delegates in favor say aye
all those delegates suppose they no in
the opinion of the chair 2/3 of voted in
the affirmative the motion is adopted
and the platform has been amended as
Shona they were booing God whose God we
got another yeah not a good value
everything so but then I thought really
I'll look a little bit further back so I
looked back to 2009 when the most recent
Democratic candidate for president
Hillary Clinton accepted Planned
Parenthood's Margaret Sanger award and
she said was a great privilege and she
said quote I admire Margaret Sanger
enormous Lee her courage her tenacity
her vision I am really in awe of her so
and I thought okay let me look back and
see who this Margaret Sanger person was
turns out she was a terrible terrible
lady
Margaret Sanger murdered Sanger is
probably best known for the quote we do
not want word to go out that we want to
exterminate the Negro population but in
wasn't really not good
but then in her book woman and the new
race she has a chapter on the material
of the new race and she said we've been
told times without number that out of
the mixture of stocks the mixture of
people's the intermingling of ideas and
aspirations there is to come a race
greater than any which has contributed
to the population of the United States
what is the basis for this hope that is
so generally to be indulged in and she
actually said the campaign for birth
control which she pioneered is not
merely a view genic value but it's
practically identical in ideal with the
final aim of eugenics
oh that's special I decided to just let
the values like because you're they
booing God and they're killing people
too in order to read out you know black
people and people that they don't like
and it's real minded as the usual are
you all right well then let's let's
let's turn to just civil rights here
because that is something that obviously
the Democrats are very strong on civil
rights and yet and yet I noticed on the
civil rights section you've left that
those pages blank too there's actually
no words on the reasons to vote for
Democrats civil rights is just blank
page to all those pages are blank that's
right the reason for that is of Corino
I'd always heard just sort of social
situations in popular culture the demo
that's where the party of civil rights
it turns out that isn't true that
actually the Republican Party was
founded in 1854 in opposition to slavery
which was being promoted by the Democrat
Party so Democrats were the party of
Slayer the party of slavery a lot of
civil rights there and in they actually
fought a gigantic war because of this
issue because the Republicans elected
President Abraham Lincoln who generally
opposed slavery and they fought this
massive war the highest number of
American casualties in any war relative
to the population so then after the war
they supported something called Jim Crow
which was mass emma-crats president
Democrats massive widespread
discrimination against black bread south
and and so the first black congressman
and Senators for a very long time they
were actually Republicans and we're not
Democrat because the Democrats were
forming the KKK and that's right yen
nevertheless civil rights reasons that's
not enough but then even if you fast
forward a little bit into more modern
history the Civil Rights Act of 1964
over 80% of Republicans in the House and
Senate voted for the Civil Rights Act in
spite of Democrat obstruction it was
actually the Democrats who were opposing
the Civil Rights Act the Republicans who
were supporting though that big surprise
to me then when you get to other matters
of civil rights gun control laws freedom
of speech it's always the Democrats
we're pushing laws to abridge your
Second Amendment rights
Hillary Clinton made it a major plank of
her campaign to overturn the Citizens
United decision which protects your
First Amendment rights to free speech
and it's also worth noting the effects
of these civil rights laws that came out
in 1964 and so on poverty among blacks
fell from 87 percent in nineteen forty
to forty seven percent in 1960 that's a
20 percentage point drop before the
Democrats passed civil civil rights
legislation and the worse that the Great
Society so even their civil rights
legislation doesn't give you reason to
vote for it gives you the opposite it
gives you a much more society for the
people who have defended to help so
you've left that blank entirely I left
that in
entirely blind just look at one more
here I mean I the research you've done
on this is really amazing I mean you've
really gone in depth as we can tell just
from talking to you
but reading the book I think it just
becomes all the clearer obvious you
can't get from our discussion here you
can get a little bit of dissent and I
think we've got a way to go because I
noticed you deal with economics and
we'll have to end with this but you deal
with economics I notice you've left
these pages completely blank there's no
there's no reasons to vote for Democrats
and not a single word at word in here so
what what is that supposed to tell us
well I started looking at the Democratic
Party's record on economics and what it
what its policy prescriptions offer so
it turns out that the government
actually cannot create wealth or or long
term jobs or income it can't quit and
not really productive economy can't do
anything it also turns out they're
always talking about income inequality
these days but it turned that income
inequality does not actually affect the
growth of the entire economy and and on
that point I also learned that the
economy is not just a static pie the
economy actually grows over time and it
gives us something called of GDP so GDP
is the total production of a country
over the course of one year now the
trouble is that a President Barack Obama
actually doubled the debt relative to
what he inherited and that debt is a
massive strain on a GDP not so you know
this is this is really an amazing book
you know it makes a great gift for your
friends who might be thinking about
voting Democrats it has Lea reasons to
vote for Democrats and you know the
entire book is completely blank except
for the bibliography which does have all
the you know the sources for this
information and it'll be longer it
really it makes a great coffee table
book a great conversation starter
reasons to vote for Democrats a
comprehensive guide by cultural
correspondent Michael J Knowles you can
get it on Amazon right it's available
wherever fine
blank books are sold so as you can get
it today on Amazon and be sure to leave
a review make sure you leave a leave a
review because those are very helpful to
all authors thank you Michael knows our
cultural correspondent and now a
best-selling author I think it lasts I
looked it was like number five
on political satire that's right we're
just behind Gary Trudeau and I really
really really want to be that character
though so please go buy this book
