did you see what happened to Ted Cruz at
that restaurant last night here it just
very quickly Ted Cruz and his wife were
sitting at a restaurant they were having
you know a nice dinner and then a bunch
of mainstream Democrats came in and
behaved as mainstream Democrats are
behaving in 2018 we believe survivors
except for Karen Monahan and 28a
Broderick and all the others if they
were abused by Democrats but we believe
random people who come out of the
woodwork when Brett Kavanaugh a virgin
until after high school is up for the
Supreme Court that was that that was too
long so they had to change it to we
believe survivors who they don't believe
oh my gosh I wish I could say that these
were wacko lefty lunatics it's not
they're not they're not all of these
this was the top trend on Twitter
yesterday we believe survivors none of
these women by the way have have accused
dan you want a rape nothing you're not
even like the wackiest explanations have
involved rape but that's what they said
we believe sir we believes okay so they
chase him out of this restaurant and and
there's this guy on Twitter he's a
transgender activist named Charlotte
climber who said he tweeted out he said
well you know bado O'Rourke has never
gotten chased out of a restaurant yeah
because his opponents aren't hysterical
children like the Democrats are right
that yeah we don't do that I'm very
proud to say we don't do that
