February is Black History Month when we
try to heal racial wounds by separating
people's histories according to the
color of their skins what could go wrong
with that
but in truth the history of black people
in this country is a great story of one
races struggle against the persistent
enemies of human rights Democrats you
may have heard people speak of the
Democrat Party and such sentences as
watch out don't step in that Democrat
Party or run for your life my black
brothers and sisters here comes the
Democrat Party but did you know the
Party was founded in the 1820s by former
slave trader Andrew Jackson and was from
its start the party of black slavery as
the Civil War approached the Democrats
split into two factions the northern
Democrats who were pro-slavery and the
Southern Democrats who were really
really really pro-slavery fortunately
this Black History Month we can
celebrate the fact that suffering black
slaves found an ally in the 1850s with
the start of the Republican Party
founded by Abraham Lincoln with his
slogan free labor free land free men and
tall funny-looking hats not sure what
the hats were about after Lincoln freed
the slaves however angry Democrats
formed anti black terrorist groups like
the Ku Klux Klan funded by George Soros
okay I'm kidding about Soros he wasn't
alive back then I don't think anyway
Democrats also passed the sope so-called
Jim Crow laws meant to segregate blacks
and stripped them of the freedoms the
Republicans had helped them win yet
inexplicably in 1912 many black
Americans deserted the Republicans to
vote for Democratic Progressive Woodrow
Wilson a virulent racist who purged
blacks from his administration and
brought Jim Crow style segregation to
the federal government as the 20th
century progressed Democrat bigots like
George Wallace Orville Fobus and Bull
Connor did everything they could to
defend Jim Crow against the growing
civil rights movement it's true that as
the tide of opinion turned Wiley
Democrats like
Lyndon Johnson got on board the civil
rights train but far larger percentages
of Republicans than Democrats backed
those efforts black Americans began to
move up into the middle class but not so
fast Democrats now unleashed welfare
policies that fatally weakened the black
family helping to cause a plague of
fatherless households that contributed
greatly to black crime and
multi-generational poverty and today the
Democrat abortion policies killed more
black Americans than the seven leading
causes of death combined luckily there
have also been Republicans Richard Nixon
who quietly battled segregation Ronald
Reagan whose economic policies lifted
black Americans more than almost any
other group and Rudy Giuliani whose law
and order push helped save thousands of
black lives each of these men was
reviled as racist by Democrats and the
media but I repeat myself there were
still setbacks ahead under Democrat
Barack Obama black Americans grew worse
off in almost every economic category
including employment homeownership and
the wealth gap with whites happily
however Republicans have now retaken
control of the government and so blacks
are once again celebrating this Black
History Month unless that is they know
nothing about black history
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
okay you know what this is it is one day
away from mailbag day that's right do
you subscribe after the daily wire.com
just a lousy eight bucks a month hold on
just a minute I'm going to be now call
there you yeah you subscribe to daily
wire com just a lousy eight bucks a
month you can put your questions in the
mailbag and I will answer them and all
your problems will be solved it will be
an amazing experience for you and you
say that I really need that eight bucks
after all of course not all right so
that's tomorrow tonight Donald Trump
addresses a joint meeting of Congress it
would basically as a State of the Union
address but he hasn't been in office
long enough to even know what the State
of the Union is if he ever finds out
it's this is gonna be interesting though
this is where the rubber meets the road
this is now it's now reality time you
know Donald Trump has been this
incredible huge character you know we've
all watched what he's done he's done all
the executive orders now he has to go
before Congress and basically say this
is the kind of thing I want these
speeches are never very specific it's
never like dollars and cents but he's
gonna ask for a big increase in defense
spending although people are saying it's
a big increase he said it's an historic
increase it's not that much because
Obama really did leave us with no
military in the world in flames you know
so thanks Obama
no we have no army to fight with and you
know we have no army to fight with and
the Middle East is going up in smoke and
Russia's taking over things and you know
so here is Trump discussing he had a
meeting with the governors and here he
is talking about defense and what he
says is absolutely absolutely true we
must ensure that our courageous service
men women have the tools they need to
deter war and when called upon to fight
in our name only do one thing
we have to win we have to start winning
Wars again I have to say when I was
young in high school and college
everybody used to say we never lost a
war we never lost the war you remember
some of you are right there with me and
you remember we never lost a war America
never lost and now we never win a war we
never win and we don't fight to win we
don't fight to win
so we either got a win or don't fight it
at all but where we are seventeen years
almost seventeen years of fighting and
the Middle East we're up I saw a chart
the other day as of about a month ago
six trillion dollars we've spent in the
Middle East six trillion dollars and I
want to tell you that's just
unacceptable and we're nowhere actually
if you think about it well less than
nowhere
the Middle East is far worse than it was
sixteen seventeen years ago this the
reason everybody is holding their
breaths as Trump goes before Congress is
there has been there's just no way
around this there has been a political
earthquake in this country there the
election of Donald Trump signals the end
of something I mean we came into that
election with basically two choices
either this kind of trumpian populism
economic nationalism Steve Bannon calls
it or we were gonna have the slow death
of socialism and and make no mistake
about a socialism is slow death you know
we've been pointing the socialist have
been pointing to Europe for 70 years
saying oh look you know the wonderful
socialist programs first of all it's not
really quite true there's a lot of
capitalism still alive and places like
Britain but socialism just takes 70
years to kill a country that's what it
does and when you look at Europe now you
are seeing a you were seeing a
slow-motion invasion you're seeing a
slow-motion invasion of these countries
by people from the Middle East by you
know Muslims who are completely up
ending the culture in these countries
because they haven't got you know people
have to have meaning in their lives it's
not enough it's not enough for Elon Musk
and other billionaires to have meaning
you have to have meaning everybody has
that meaning and socialism
the meaning out of life it just you know
you have you have they give you food
it's like being in prison basically they
give you food they give you shelter and
everything they feel great about
themselves and you have nothing to do
you have no impetus to build a family no
impetus to like make a success out of
yourself no reason to channel your
ambitions and that was what we were
facing with the election of Hillary
Clinton I don't know if it would have
taken only eight years it might have
taken longer than that but it was
obviously coming down the pike there was
no third choice there was no choice
between death by socialism from peon
populism and something else that choice
didn't exist in that election so now
we've got this earthquake of trumpian
Paul trumpian populism and everybody
wants it to go away
all the establishment they want it to go
away and they're all saying oh now now
it's gonna get serious now that the
executive orders were fine but now he's
got to toe the line The Wall Street
Journal ran a editorial today called
trumps reality test and they said you
know this Trump and Steve Bannon
lightshow the immigration limits and
deportation ramped up the broad sides
against globalism the rhetorical
assaults on the media as the enemy these
have produced an approval rating of 44%
five weeks into the job that's a modern
low for a new president and a sign that
the polarization strategy pressed by mr.
bannon his allies Stephen Miller and the
Breitbart wing of the White House has a
political ceiling the central problem is
that the Bannen agenda and style can't
produce the results they promised and
may undermine the rest of trump's agenda
tariffs that reduce trade won't spur the
growth mr. Trump needs to lift incomes a
to harsh crackdown on immigration will
cause labor shortages that induce more
US production to move offshore
especially in agriculture the attacks on
the media may satisfy mr. Trump's core
supporters but they also create
animosity and more political headwinds
for his agenda all of this has begun to
build incentives for Republicans to
distance themselves from the White House
the thing is there is no distance from
the White House you know the distance
from the White House is political
wilderness you know you cannot have we
cannot have this first six months of
this presidency when we have every when
the Republicans have every house you
know every branch of government you
can't have them
themselves but this is what the
establishment is rooting for because
they want to see Trump stop they want to
see some Trump stop saying by the way
some of these things I agree with I
agree that tariffs you know can can be
really dangerous you know this two cars
crackdown on immigration it's a it's
absurd these systems are broken you know
the system you cannot have a system of
people pouring across the border without
policing people coming in on visas and
staying you cannot have it it's
offensive it's offensive to a country to
see it's two people in a country to have
their laws broken at will and have the
officials do the people in charge do
nothing about it
you know Trump look and especially with
with banning this meet this thing with
the media I understand why the Wall
Street Journal and other media people
are against it but Bannon is right he's
right about the media and he's right
about the administrative state the
administrative state has been ripping
off people's fifth Amendment rights for
too long when I when a an agency an
unelected agency can come to you and say
oh you violated our regulations that
nobody elected nobody voted for and now
we get to try you and we get to find you
and we get to convict you and you can't
even appeal which is what these guys do
that needs to be dismantled that is part
of the the left-wing state and so you
know these guys are afraid of Bannon I
understand why he's smart and he's
aggressive and he sometimes says things
that are like you know that just sounds
a little bit like they'd be better off
in the original German but like you know
you have to admit that something
happened you have to admit there's been
a change not only has there been a
change this post-war structure that
we've had for all these years since 1945
is over it's over it has just led you
can tell it's over because it was
leading to the death by socialism you
know Brett Stevens is a guy I really
he's the foreign policy writer for The
Wall Street Journal I really like him I
really think he's intelligent but listen
to some of the stuff he says he's
talking about the fact that Trump's
often says one thing we should take the
Iraqis oil and then his people say
something else like matter says no we're
not gonna take the Iraqi oil Trump says
I will listen to a 1 or 2 state solution
in the Middle East nikki Haley goes to
the UN says no we're still dedicated to
the two-state solution so Brett Stephen
says you know these people should get
get to Trump and get his message
straight and this is what he said
now this is a really bright guy who
knows a lot about foreign policy should
the administration support a two-state
solution it should provided Palestinians
can shut down Hamas and anti-semitic
incitement live in peace with their
neighbors and respect their own people's
civil liberties that's never gonna
happen that is never going to happen it
doesn't make any sense
is NATO obsolete not at all unless it's
cheapskate members make it obsolete by
refusing to spend on defense but that is
what they're doing they are refusing to
spend on defense so that's all Trump is
saying about that is the u.s. in favor
of the crack up of the European Union no
again but that's where the EU is headed
unless European elites heave legitimate
popular grievances about unassimilated
immigrants and the economic crush of
mothers I mean these are just things
that aren't gonna happen
it's like saying it's like saying do we
support the EU yes but no do we support
a want a two-state solution yes but no
is NATO hostile yes but no you know the
I mean there Trump is there he is
elected because people knew that things
weren't working and to have the Wall
Street Journal telling us that Trump has
got to go back to the way things were is
is a problem in itself the real problem
that is that that we're facing the Trump
is facing is this thing with Paul Ryan
that he and Paul Ryan have different
visions but obviously Trump is the
president and Ryan has been playing it
that way Ryan has been very respectful
but ultimately if you're gonna raise
defense spending you're gonna have to
find the money somewhere and that means
cutting back on entitlement Social
Security and health care Social Security
and health care and net interest now
comprise nearly 60% of all federal
spending and that figure is expected to
soar to 82 percent over the next 10
years so Ryan is right about this and
Trump has made these promises and he's
obviously it feels very it feels very
important to him to keep his promises
good for him but you can say you know
I'm gonna keep these promises but if you
were 20 if you're 30 by the time you get
to Social Security things are going to
change that's all you have to do you
know all you have to do is raise the
level at which the age at which people
start to collect Social Security and you
can work that stuff out you don't have
to do it for me
because I'm going to collect Social
Security but but you got to do it for
people who were 20 anyway Ryan and Trump
are at least making noises like they
sound the same
when they talk about Obamacare here's
Trump on Obamacare this is my favorite
thing that he said I think was yesterday
and we have come up with a solution
that's really really I think very good
now I have to tell you it's an
unbelievably complex subject nobody knew
that health care could be so complicated
and statutorily and for budget purposes
as you know we have to do health care
before we do the tax cut the tax cut is
going to be major it's going to be
simple and the whole tax plan is
wonderful but I can't do it until we do
health care because we have to know what
the health care is gonna cost and
statutorily that's the way it is so for
those people that say oh gee I wish we
could do you know the tax versus it just
doesn't work that way I would like to do
that first it's actually tax cutting has
never been that easy but it's a tiny
little ant compared to what we're
talking about with Obamacare so from
discovers that health care is complex I
love that you know here's the thing
though here's the thing all these people
are rooting for him to go establishment
all these people rooting for him to go
mainstream to be the ordinary guy that
they once see because they don't like
things getting shaken up the way the
voters want them the voters who would
like to Trump anyway want them shaking
up they keep pointing to his low polls
but the Democrats are doing worse we're
gonna talk about that in a minute and
we're gonna go back and talk about a
little bit more about the Oscars but you
got to come over to the daily wire.com
to hear it and if you do while you're
there subscribe for a lousy eight bucks
a month and you can be put your
questions in the mailbag the answers
will change your life possibly for the
better
