I'd like to ask you who or what is God
to you who are what is God to make yes
and what role if any does that play
that's my man
I mean I you know it's the creator of
the universe master of heaven earth
who's got to me God is you know as an
Orthodox Jew I believe that God provided
us a moral foundation in the Bible and
that that moral foundation is if you
live by that moral foundation you will
live a happier better life freer of sin
you know I think that God provides the
idea of an objective moral standard that
immediately begins to crumble as soon as
you get to a subjective idea that
everybody can create their own morality
so that's that's I think the role of God
in society you know as far as what is
God to me personally you know all I can
say is that I I don't believe in God I
know in God you know I I don't just have
faith in God I have trust in God and so
that may not end up well for me because
it doesn't always end up well for people
with faith but you know I think that
that you know not recognizing God's
providence over the universe from me
particularly would be an act of
tremendous ingratitude
