in November students had a historically
black University in New Orleans that a
massive protest against a speaker
heavily supportive of Donald Trump
socially engaged Dillard University
students the group organizing against
the speaker wrote an open letter they
said quote his presence on our campus is
not welcome and overtly subjects the
entire student body to safety risks and
social ridicule this is simply
outrageous the speaker safety was
guaranteed by the University and he
proceeded to explain quote I will be
Donald Trump's most loyal advocate the
protesters were of the political left
they chanted no KKK no fascist USA
protesters were hit with pepper spray
and two of them were arrested so here is
the question for you did this make
inviting the speaker worthwhile the
answer should be obvious from us
accounts of events you don't have enough
information to say the speaker could
have been Sheriff David Clarke or Rudy
Giuliani or Newt Gingrich or Miley
innopolis it wasn't it was David Duke
who also said at the same event quote
there is a problem in America with a
very strong powerful tribal group that
dominates our media and dominates our
international banking I'm not opposed to
all Jews if you do not answer that story
provided too little information for you
to judge it's time for you to check your
biases did you decide that the speaker
was on the right because the protesters
were on the left did you decide the
speaker had something valuable to say if
he ticked off the left enough if he
melted enough snowflakes unfortunately
many conservatives have embraced this
sort of binary thinking if it pisses off
the left it must be virtuous undoubtedly
that is a crude shorthand for political
thinking it means you never have to
check the ideas of the speaker you
merely have to check how people respond
to him which is dangerous it leads to
people supporting bad policies and bad
men the enemy of your enemy isn't always
your friend sometimes he's your enemy
sometimes he's just a dude sitting there
minding his own business
you don't have enough information to
know the logic of if he melts snow
flakes he's one of us actually has power
to the left by allowing leftists to
define our friends it gets to choose
whom we support this isn't speculative
it actually happens during the 2016
primaries when the media attacked Donald
Trump incessantly driving Republicans
into his outstretched arms the media's
obvious hatred for Trump was one of the
chief arguments for Trump from his
advocates they said if as his detractors
claimed he wasn't conservative why would
the leftist media hate him so much now
to be fair after mit romney was
bludgeoned at the hands of the media
there was at least a shred of
justification for this logic Romney
wasn't a hardcore conservative he wasn't
a personal shambles
he got savaged by the media anyways
for the sin of having an R after his
name the same thing happened in John
McCain a maverick Republican the leftist
media had openly praised for years if
the media opposed Trump with all their
heart and all their soul that must have
been some sort of reaction to Trump
himself it wasn't really though it was a
combination of factors including the
fact Trump was amazing press and the
press fought Trump was really weak more
honest leftist commentators openly
preferred Trump to more conservative
candidates like Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio
but from swor with the media carried him
to the nomination and from there to the
presidency in fact Trump continues to
live off of this backward logic his
press conference last week it wasn't a
ballet of informational expertise and
policy knowledge nor was it a brilliant
recasting of his policy successes it was
a blunderbuss attack on the media and it
was extremely entertaining it was
occasionally daft it was occasionally
ridiculous but a lot of people on the
right immediately concluded it was the
most successful press conference in the
history of the world not because it was
actually successful with Americans there
was not a lot of evidence of that but
because it was successfully assaulting
the media who had it coming never mind
if Trump lied to the media the media
were angry which meant it worked
watching Ted Chuck Todd fulminate and
Chris Wallace rage and Tom mum and
bemusedly tut-tut it scratched
conservatives where they itch and it
made Trump a hero none of which is to
argue that Trump is lefty or that
conservatives are wrong support a lot of
his policies we'll talk about his
policies in a second but if your
standard of right and wrong is whether
the left hates it you're making a
category error it is not good enough to
just be opposed by the left you actually
have to oppose the left we must ask what
someone is fighting against not merely
whom we must ask what tools that are
using and we must insist they use the
truth ideas and values matter more than
identity but not anymore
the left side entity fought politics
focuses on race and ethnicity and sexual
identity aspects of identity that place
you somewhere in the hierarchy of
intersectionality the right-side entity
politics comes with a label enemy of the
left so long as you're wearing that
button you're presumptively on our side
and you're nearly bulletproof until it
turns out they are not until we jump the
wrong way because we substituted
political laziness for a philosophy
until we embrace somebody nasty because
the other side hated him or her and
stopped caring about the truth so long
as the other side is triggered then we
become the bad guys and that's a big
problem I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
okay so I want to talk a lot more about
sort of this enemy of my enemy is my
friend routine that we're getting from a
lot of folks on the right why that isn't
true and how we can actually identify
enemies in a second we're also gonna
talk about Donald Trump's policies he's
rolled out a bunch of policy that's
actually pretty good and I want to talk
about a lot of the policy that he's been
rolling out but first we have to say
thank you to our sponsors over at legacy
box so I've been saying for a long time
then one of the most important things
that you can do in your life is preserve
your memories because over time you lose
memories over time the memories
dissipate people die people move away
and what legacy box does it makes sure
that you can preserve all those old
memories so you've got a big box of
moldering film in your bay in your
basement or in your in your attic and
your garage instead of it just sitting
there you take all that stuff you pack
it up you ship it off to legacy box and
they immediately transfer it they
reconstructed they transfer it into a
DVD they put on a thumb drive for you so
now it's all accessible it's a simple
affordable way to get your recorded
moments digitally preserved on DVD or
thumb drive 20 250,000 families have
used them including my own parents for
limited time go to legacy box comm slash
Ben you get 40% off your order which is
a pretty major discount 40% off your
order we go to legacy box.com
slash Ben use the slash Ben so they know
that we sent you and again I think that
this is about the best use of your money
that there is because you know once
those memories are gone they're gone and
if something happens if your basement
floods if there's a fire you don't want
to be in a position where you lose all
those memories just because they were
all packed in a box somewhere in the
back of the garage and you forgot about
it much better to have them handy on
your computer on a thumb drive on a DVD
that's what legacy box does legacy box
comm slash Ben and they take really good
care of stuff like they mark it with a
barcodes that you know where every piece
of the inventory is at all times they
updated it online to tell you the
progress terrific terrific service
legacy box comm slash Ben okay so I want
to talk a little bit about Donald
Trump's policy so this is fun we
actually let's do a good Trump badge
from because we actually ought to do
some good Trump today which is exciting
it's a good drum pad room
which one will begin and as always
thanks to our composer Brandon Snipes
here is Donald Trump good Trumpy hey
there it is good from so that home Mike
Flynn debacle at the National Security
Adviser that ended up actually working
out pretty well for the country because
Mike Flynn is out and the guy who
replace him is guy named an HR McMaster
now HR McMaster is a Lieutenant General
and he is terrific
I've read his book dereliction of duty I
read it must have been now 78 years ago
because there is a point when the I
think the army of the War College they
posted online their recommended reading
list I read everything on the
recommended reading list and one of
those books was a charming master's book
on the Vietnam War called dereliction of
duty about the strategy that came out of
the JFK and LBJ administration's with
regard to the Vietnam War why the
strategy was flawed and why the military
should have stood up against the
strategy instead of simply implementing
a really crappy strategy a strategy
called graduated escalation which was
the idea that we would gradually
increase the number of troops in Vietnam
we'd squeeze the Vietcong and then they
would surrender as opposed to the way
that wars are actually one which is
overwhelming force there's a lot that
you should know about HR McMaster first
of all the guy has an awesome superhero
name second of all his army resume is
really really extensive his previous
command assignments included the Eagle
troops 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment in
in Germany and then Southwest Asia
during the first Gulf War he was the the
commander he was commander during
Afghanistan his commander during Iraq he
wrote dereliction of duty which as I say
he's a really good book you should go to
Amazon right now and pick it up it's
really a first-rate read he's a great
writer and he's a really good thinker he
was both he was critical of both how
Afghanistan and Iraq war plan so what he
wrote in survival magazine he wrote gaps
between prior visions of future warfare
and the nature of the eventual Wars
themselves complicated efforts to adapt
strategy over time minimalist linear
plans in place at the outset of both
wars were disconnected from the ambition
of broader policy objectives and the
complexity of the operating environment
indeed reasonable war plans have at
times been essentially narcissistic
failing to account for interactions with
determined enemies and other
complicating variables who's writing
this in real time he was saying in real
time our strategy is not going to meet
your objectives if you want a long term
occupation this ain't gonna work he used
his own strategy in a place called Tal
Afar in iraq and george w bush called it
a model of a successful strategy he
figured that Iraq could not build its
own
institutions political or military until
safety was secured so he devised his own
plans in which he and his troops cleared
the towns of insurgents and formed
alliances built trust with local sheiks
and tribal leaders and the campaign
worked with a while but only because
McMaster flooded the area right he
actually did what he had suggested in
dereliction of duty he flooded the area
and that was what they called the clear
hold build strategy Petraeus used
McMaster as sort of his brain in
devising his strategy with regard to
Iraq he was not selected for Brigadier
General promotion before he finally
received it in 2014 one of the reasons
for that is because they're a bunch of
retired generals who said that he was uh
pending the system too much they didn't
want to reward him he is warned about
cuts to the army he's a really really
good nominees about the best guy you
could have in this particular slot and
he is also insured he says that he would
not come in he said that he would not he
would not join basically unless he were
guaranteed the until until unless he was
guaranteed the picking of his own staff
so this was actually a big issue as
Flynn left was Trump wanted to maintain
Flynn's staff and McMaster came in and
said listen you want me you're gonna
have to let me pick my own guys which is
great you want people like McMaster
surrounding himself with really good
people and giving Donald Trump really
good advice so whether Trump takes that
advice we'll find out but good for
Donald Trump for picking McMaster really
really good pick there other things that
are good that Donald Trump is doing so
he's getting a lot of flack today
because the White House has now stepped
away from the trans bender transgender
bathroom nonsense that Barack Obama
foisted on the nation when he suggested
the federal government was going to cram
down on local schools all around the
country the idea that people could go to
the bathroom basically of their choice
or switch or with which the or that
accommodated the sex with which they
identified not their actual biological
sex Trump has stepped away from that as
well he should however you stand on the
transgender bathroom debate which is
really a silly debate in my opinion
however you stand on that there should
be a local control issue there should
not be a federal issue the idea the
federal government stepped in there in
the first place is idiotic
and good for Trump for stepping away
from it apparently Betsy DeVos the
Secretary of Secretary of Education
wanted to maintain that that policy and
and the Attorney General Jeff Sessions
did not and from sided with sessions
right call from Donald Trump other good
things that are happening under Trump
Scott Pruett who's the new head of the
Environmental Protection Agency
he gave a speech at the EPA in which he
basically told the regulators look guys
your job is not to punish businesses
your job is to create a stable set of
regulations that are predictable so that
people can operate within the bounds of
those regulations which is exactly right
here's Scott Pruett who's
hotly-contested talking to all of his
employees the EPA regulations automate
things regular regulators exist to give
certainty to those that they regulate
those that we regulate ought to know
it's expected to them so that they can
plan and allocate resources to comply
that's really the job of a regulator and
the process that we engage in in
adopting regulations is very very
important because it sends a message it
sends a message that we take seriously
our role of taking comment in an
offering response and then making
informed decisions on how it's going to
impact those in the marketplace so seems
very vague what he's actually saying is
that what regulators very often do is
they make their own priorities the
priority they don't care about creating
a stable business environment so that
people know what the rules are and
they're constantly throwing monkey
wrenches into the works so good for
Scott Pruett Scott puts a very good pic
at EPA I think he's really gonna reform
things over there where things are a
little bit more vague remains on the
deportation policy what that's actually
going to look like so I wanted to talk
about an email that I received yesterday
which I thought was really an
interesting and good email that is
worthy of thought and discussion so I
got an email yesterday from a from a
person who suggested that who suggested
that yesterday when I said you know when
we're over rating you know the level of
change here everybody needs to calm down
a little bit everybody needs to stop
worrying quite so much because not that
much has happened yet
you know why is everybody really going
crazy and this this immigration lawyer
wrote to me who listens to the program
and he said well you know I think that's
a little bit overstated like there are
people whose lives have actually changed
there are people whose lives have
actually changed and he said
particularly in the Malaysian sphere so
he's an immigration lawyer and what he
said is that he is that I'm trying to
find the exact email now what he
basically said was that there's a lot of
vagueness as far as how the immigration
plans are being implemented and that's a
problem that's a problem because the
because if you're an immigrant you're in
the
you don't know what to expect tomorrow
you don't know whether you're being
deported where they're not being
deported the Obama admitted Trump
administration has been really vague on
this so they've issued an executive
order that basically does say that you
don't have to have committed a crime
beyond being an illegal immigrant in
order to be deported but then they've
also said that they're not going to be
in favor of mass deportations but then
they've also arrested people who have
come in to to report their their
immigration compliance to check in with
the court and then these people have
been arrested and deported which has
been a problem I think that's a fair
critique I do think that that's a fair
critique Sean Spicer didn't help when he
added to the confusion a little bit
yesterday here is here's Sean Spicer
talking about mass deportations is one
of the goals here of mass deportation no
this isn't look I think what we have to
get back to is understanding a couple
things there's a law in place that says
you know if you're in this country
illegally that we have an obligation to
make sure that the people who are in
this name in our country are here
legally what the order sets out today is
ensures that the million or so people
that have been adjudicated already that
there's a that ice prioritizes creates a
system of prioritization and make sure
that we walk through that system in a
way that protects this country this is
consistent with everything the president
has talked about which is prioritizing
the people who are here representing a
threat to public safety or have a
criminal record and all this does is lay
out the exact procedures to make sure
that that subgroup of people who pose a
threat to our nation because of a
conviction or a violation of Public
Safety or have a criminal record are
adjudicated first and foremost that
that's it plain and simple okay so
that's it so that's fine except for the
fact that the executive order does a
little bit more than that's what you're
getting from the Trump administration is
one kind of mass deport we're not
knocking down doors and then what you're
getting in terms of the actual policy
that's written out ones that they have
the capacity to do that a little bit of
clarity would be good I think that it
would be good for for Ann Coulter's
heart rate if she could if we get a
little clarity on what this policy
actually looks like because it's still a
little bit vague we don't know what it
looks like so when I say don't panic yet
I'm not saying that we shouldn't keep an
eye on it I'm saying that we need better
definition before we panic that we need
a little bit of the depth
definition before we panic on any of
that and before we go any further we
have to say thank you to another one of
our great sponsors blue aprons so if
you're somebody who loves a home-cooked
meal but you don't actually know how to
cook you don't know what you're doing
you don't know what ingredients to get
and every home-cooked meal for you is
macaroni and cheese from a box then you
need to talk with our friends over at
blue apron blue apron is this fantastic
fantastic company where you go to their
their website you subscribe basically
and you can buy meals that are shipped
to you but they trip the ingredients to
you and then you cook it yourself all of
the meals take 40 minutes or less to
prepare it's $10 per meal and we're
talking like high we're talking high
level stuff and cashew chicken stir-fry
with tango mandarins and jasmine rice
I'm talking goona a noodle soup with
miso and soft-boiled eggs if I even
pronounced that correctly we're talking
about for the non-jewish among us we're
talking about roasted pork with apple
walnut and farro salad I mean all of
this stuff sounds fantastic and I know
that Android clay but his cooks with
blue apron he loves it I know that a lot
of my friends cooked with blue apron
they love it it is very affordable
they provide variety to new recipe
pretty much every day and they do not
repeat recipes over the course of a year
so it's a constant stream of good food
and you never know how much you enjoy
food until you eat the same thing every
night or until you're on a set schedule
with food one of the wonderful things
about blue apron is that they rotate all
of these meals and everything is super
duper fresh again it's for less than $10
per meal per person and they deliver
these seasonal recipes along with those
pre-portioned ingredients to make
delicious home-cooked meals they send
these fresh high-quality ingredients
direct to your house really really
really good stuff and it makes meal time
into kind of a celebration of family and
food and that's a that's what it should
be if you go right now to blue apron
comm slash up here you get the first
three meals free with free shipping
which is pretty awesome deal blue aprons
comm slash capiro you will love how good
it feels now that it tastes to create
these fantastic home-cooked meals with
blue apron check it out right now blue
apron comm slash Shapiro it's a huge
thing now like everybody's using blue
apron now and they really should because
it's awesome so blue apron comm slash
Shapiro to check it out okay so with all
of this said with all of the stuff that
Trump is doing a lot of which is really
good now we have to discuss how we
define and how we determine whether
conservatives when conservative should
stick with Trump and when they shouldn't
stick with Trump and this is not
it's very weird I think that we felt as
I said at the beginning we followed into
this binary thinking with regard to
politicians if the left hates someone
they must be our friend
the left hates Trump therefore
everything Trump does is good and that's
really silly and at the same time there
are lot of people who oppose Trump and
they feel like if you oppose Trump then
that must make you good that must be a
good thing
as I've said before I don't think it's
important whether you oppose Trump or
support Trump I don't think Trump is
important I think that his policies are
important I think the things he says are
important cuz he's presidents of the
United States and so it's a big mistake
to identify your friends and enemies by
simply defining a friend who you will
always follow no matter what or to
finding an enemy will always go against
no matter what and you'll always assume
they're wrong no matter what that's a
big mistake and I wanna talk a little
bit more about that but you're gonna
have to go over to Daley wire.com to
hear all of that become a subscriber for
$8 a month over at Daley wire.com have a
lot of goodies coming if you become a
subscriber right now the goodie we're
giving away is a is a fictional film
called the Arroyo which you can check
out I think we're doing a live stream of
the Arroyo actually on Friday on
Facebook so you can check out the Arroyo
there do we have a trailer for it
actually we were supposed to grab a
trailer if not then we'll have the
trailer for tomorrow and we'll play that
on on daily wire so you can check out
what it is that you're getting if you
become a subscriber at Daley we're calm
we're gonna play the whole movie on
Friday on our Facebook page so check
that out so daily wire.com 8 bucks a
month for subscribing annual
subscription you get that video plus you
get all sorts of goodies the Shapiro
store is supposed to open I keep saying
this but it will open in the very very
near future and there will be all sorts
of new things that are wonderful
including I really want to get those
buttons I had a button that my speech
last night there there are a bunch of
people who wore stickers that said UCSB
against hate UC Santa Barbara against
state so I wore a button that said me
against you sucking so I think that so
we'll make some Goods like that
available to you as well because you
should let all your friends know that
you are against them sucking so we will
definitely make that available but check
that out also you can listen later
obviously at iTunes or SoundCloud we are
the most listened to and most watched
conservative podcast in the nation
you
