this week the media blew up over
president Trump's allegations last
Friday night at a rally that there had
been some sort of terrible event in
Sweden he said quote last night they
suggested that Trump had mentioned a
phantom terror attack in the same way
Kellyanne Conway mentioned the
bowling-green massacre and Sean Spicer
referenced a terror attack in Atlanta
they never happened here's what Trump
actually said in his speech we've got to
keep our country safe you look at what's
happening in Germany you look at what's
happening last night in Sweden Sweden
who would believe this Sweden they took
in large numbers they're having problems
they never thought possible this is a
near perfect example of how trumpian
rhetoric polarizes the electorate why
because Trump was wrong to say something
had happened in Sweden last night
nothing had happened that night but he
was absolutely correct to point out
increased crime problems among Muslim
immigrants to Sweden conservatives
reacted to Trump's comments by
pretending that Trump had never used the
phrase last night leftists pretended
nothing terrible had ever happened in
Sweden ever ever ever
then last night actually last night news
broke of a Muslim immigrant rally this
is from the local newspaper Sweden's
capital was plunged into chaos on
Monday's police were forced to fire at
rioters after violence erupted in an
area described as high-risk the
terrifying scenes took place just hours
after the country's prime minister
stefan levin slammed Donald Trump for
claiming Sweden was in crisis as a
result of its liberal refugee policy
Stockholm police were forced to fire a
shot into the rampaging crowd in the
hard-hit suburb of rink B after a mob of
around 30 thugs started attacking the
officers with rocks violence erupted
after the police had tried to arrest a
wanted person on the subway here's the
thing Sweden does have a serious problem
with rising rates of rape correlating
with increased immigration from Muslim
countries as Joker love daily wire
points alcohol there were sixty six
point five cases of reported rapes per
100,000 inhabitants last year that's
triple right it's up from twenty four
point nine in 2003 it's one heck of a
jump even ABC News was forced to
acknowledge that Trump wasn't entirely
wrong is from ABC News last year 112
thousand 645 violent crimes were
reported in Sweden an increase from 108
thousand seven thirty nine and twenty
fifteen 108 thousand seventy one in 2014
and 104 thousand 738 in 2013 according
to the Swedish National Council for
crime prevention those numbers include
attempted murder
muggings and rape
not other types of sexual assault and
murdered the council said and this is
from one of the mayors one of the
tenants of the police reports don't have
a box you tick about whether it's a
Swedish citizen or an immigrant the
council looks instead in a number of
factors according to ABC News the
council looks at a number of social
factors including income and education
but not immigration status or ethnicity
Trump rightly tweeted give the public a
break the fake news media is trying to
say that large-scale immigration in
Sweden is working out just beautifully
not all capital letters like we're in
1993 Malmo Sweden has turned into a
hotbed for anti-semitism thanks to
rising Muslim immigration
here's Fox News on the rising problem of
violence in Malmo last month the police
chief for the southern Swedish city of
Malmo issued a desperate plea for help
curtailing a plague of attempted murders
beatings and rapes about 32 percent of
Malmo occupants are migrants although it
is not clear what role migrants play in
the crime wave we cannot do it on our
own chief Stefan cynthia's wrote in an
open letter about the upward spiral of
violence Malmo had 52 hand grenade
attacks in 2016 alone a jump from 48
attacks in 2015 according to figures
provided by the Swedish police authority
you want to know why conservatives don't
trust the media it's because of media
overreach suggesting that when
conservatives get a specific wrong but
the general right the general is also
wrong that's not an excuse for Trump to
make silly mistakes he's the president
but it does demonstrate why
conservatives are willing to give him
the benefit of the doubt so long as he's
talking about real problems the Left
refuses to contemplate i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
okay tons to get to on today's show as
always we're gonna get to the
emotionality of left why they seem to be
over emotional about this election we're
going to talk about the ongoing war
between Trump and the media and we're
having special guests later in the
program as well as deconstructing the
culture but first we have say thank you
so our advertisers over at Boleyn branch
so bowl and branch is one of these
advertisers where I've actually spent my
own money on their product so they sent
me a free set of sheets and I love the
sheets so much that I went and I bought
a second set of sheets on my own time
because they make the best sheets I'm a
very light sleeper I don't sleep well
bull and branch sheets make me sleep
better and the reason they make me sleep
better is they are breathable they are
they're light they're they're Airy that
like you know you don't know what it's
like to sleep in the nice set of sheets
until you've actually done it you think
to yourself okay what's the difference
between the $10 set of sheets that you
get at the at the local gas station and
a 500 dollar set of sheets or a thousand
dollar set of sheets the reality is it
makes a huge difference it can
absolutely affect the quality of your
sleep I can vouch for that it has made
my sleep a lot better which is important
to me since my children don't let me
sleep so the five minutes when I sleep
better be good
so Boleyn branch is the place that you
go for all of this you go to bowl and
branch calm today get 50 bucks off your
first set of sheets don't worry the
sheets are not only affordable they're
much more affordable than luxury sheets
elsewhere it's bull and branch combi al
l and branch comp remote band make sure
you use the promo code Ben so they know
that we sent you and also because they
are because you will then get that $50
discount off your first set of sheets
totally worth it you're going to love it
I promise okay so I want to talk today
about the absolute mental breakdown that
is apparently happening among some folks
on left because of Donald Trump's
election and I don't mean this
figuratively I mean this literally this
is an article from CNN okay while we
things done has always been a news
junkie but since President Trump was
elected he's been so anxious about the
political tunnels that even just having
the TV on in the background at home is
unbearable
it's been crippling said the 35 year old
San Mateo California resident and
political moderate who has supported
both Democrats and Republicans in the
past I feel angry really really angry
far more angry than I expected to be
he's tried hard this is Yemen he's tried
hard to quell his anxiety first he shut
down his Facebook page to limit his
exposure to the daily soaking of news
from
but not knowing the goings-on made him
nervous - he found himself sneaking onto
Facebook the accounts he made for his
dog oh yes there's a fellow who made a
Facebook account for his dog I felt like
I was cheating he said fingsten is not
alone in his politics induced anxiety
it's so common it's been given an
unofficial name post-election stress
disorder mental health professionals
around the country especially those
working in Democratic strongholds report
a stream of patients coming in with
anxiety and depression related to or
worsened by the blast of daily news on
the new administration well I can
actually personally vouch for this my
wife who's a doctor says that they've
been having an influx of people who are
coming in with stress induced anxiety
because of the election there are
psychiatrists who are reporting all
around the state of California that
they've seen their rolls just dominate
they've been going up and up they've
never had the book patients like this
because people are so upset about the
election CNN is you know says in the
past therapists say it's been fairly
uncommon for patients to bring up
politics on the couch it's big money to
talk about politics with me that's not
what we do said Maria Lim Burris a
psychiatrist in Santa Monica California
so the question becomes why is it that
the left has lost its mind about this
particularly remember there was Bush
derangement syndrome they really hated
george w bush they couldn't deal with
the fact he was president but this is I
mean it's another level Howard Dean is
the former head of the Democratic
National Committee here's what he had to
say about people being traumatized by
the election now is the intensity of the
Hillary favorables becoming more intense
but it's not changing the overall and I
don't hear your name lately only when
Trump brings it hundred percent right
but I'm betting what happens is these
young people have been traumatized by
Trump's election because it was
essentially a a reneging on every single
value that somebody in this country
under 35 has they were shocked okay so
the everybody is traumatized by the
election James Franco right the the
overrated actor he said that he has been
what he said he said I mean I've been
reacting really badly I spiraled into a
depression I've been questioning
everything that I am I wish he had
questioned everything that he was before
he was the Green Goblin in spider-man
cuz that was quite awful so the okay so
everybody is losing their mind over over
Trump's election and now we have to
discuss why that is so there's no
question that Donald Trump is a
stressful human okay Donald Trump is a
stressful human he and do
is stress in his opponents in his
friends in his family you can see like
everybody around Trump is stressed all
the time Trump's the only person who
seems pretty sanguine about being Trump
like it's kind of amusing actually
Donald Trump looks very happy to be him
but everyone around him looks like
they're like they're biting through a
pencil like if they had a pencil there'd
be teeth marks all over the pencil
that's true okay he says things that are
wild and crazy he does things that are
weird all of that's true but that's not
the real reason why people are stressed
is not the real reason why people aren't
anxious because it turns out that we've
had a bunch of weirdos in the White
House before that Bill Clinton was no
picnic I think Trump's another level but
Bill Clinton was no picnic LBJ was no
picnic we've had a bunch of weird
presidents before people who are weirdos
and kook's in the 19th century there's a
whole series of weirdos and Kooks right
in a row before the Civil War so you
know this idea that the president is
always some sort of beacon of calm and
indecency in in the country is just not
true it's just not real so what's the
real reason why this is it's because the
media ratchet everything up the media
ratchet everything up so here's the
thing two things can be true at once
things can be very chaotic and Trump
land and also that chaos can manifest in
very small ways that don't actually
matter in most people's lives here's my
question how is it mattered to your life
left to right how's it mattered to your
run your life that Trump is president
has your life changed in any marking way
I didn't really change all that much
under Obama like I hated Obama as a
president I thought he's a terrible
president I thought it was really bad
for the country you know and that made
me anxious it made me upset didn't make
me like go see a psychiatrist no of
course not because that's silly but you
know that but did he change my life in
any serious material way I don't think
so I really don't think so and I don't
think that and I think that's true for
most Americans like if you're if you're
a barren ell Stutzman living in
Washington state and the local
government is shutting you down because
you're a religious business owner then
you can say the government is really
affecting your life and tremendously
horrible ways but the truth is most of
what happens in Washington DC does not
have direct impact on you yes there
there are times when it impacts you but
it's a few and far between I think for
the vast majority of Americans so why is
everybody really going nuts it's because
everybody's into the news and we watch
the news as entertainment and the
entertainment news has decided that
everything in the world is about to
collapse we are on the edge of collapse
we're sitting right there on the cliff
and
little push by Trump and the entire
country is gonna be like wily coyote
we're gonna look down we're gonna be in
midair we're gonna look down realize
we're in midair and then it's gonna be
and you see the cloud of smoke puffs up
from the ground right that's that's sort
of how the media is portraying all of
this and the media's bias on this is
really making people kind of nuts so
here's an example of some of the media's
bias this is an amazing headline from
NBC News yesterday and Mees it is 3 News
at NBC News yesterday has this headline
as a real headline president Trump
reaches 32 days won't be shortest US
president first of all James Madison was
the shortest US president 5-4 but second
of all says he reaches 32 days and he
won't be the shortest US president okay
the implicit expectation of this
headline is that we are so crazy here
that we have to get Trump out if you're
like right now in the first 30 days and
we should just be grateful the world
hasn't ended in the first 30 days of his
administration I think number one
everybody is under estimating the
durability of the constitutional system
there are lots of checks and balances it
turns out it's actually hard to push
your agenda it turns out that Barack
Obama couldn't do all the things that he
wanted to do because there were checks
and balances in the system
Trump was discovering those same checks
and balances inside the system he really
hasn't done anything that major yet he
hasn't right or left I understand the
right wants to be over the moon about
Trump okay fine I understand the left
wants to be crazy about Trump that's a
little less fine here's the reality
Trump hasn't done anything very big yet
right he had the Mexico City pilot he's
done a lot of little things that I think
are good he's nominated Gorsuch which i
think is a big good thing but that's
pretty much it have you seen a big piece
of policy come out of the Trump
administration not yet and so wouldn't
it behoove us to wait and see how
starting to Andrew Clavin about this
yesterday cuz Clavin is over the moon
about Trump and when I was saying to him
is it's a little too early to make hard
and fast judgments about whether to be
over the moon about Trump you're you're
at a museum right now and you're
standing right up close to a Seurat
painting okay before people don't know
sera T's a pointillist painter you know
Sunday in the park with George which
just made this more obscure okay if
you're standing in front of a Seurat
paint saying okay it's a bunch of dots
right that's all you see if you're right
in front of a bunch of dots and then as
you pull out you see that it's this
amazing picture of Sunday in the park
with George Wright but if you if you are
too close to it it just looks like a
bunch of dots we're only 30 days in
right now Trump's administration is a
bunch of dot it's a little too early to
say that when you pull out from the
picture it's gonna be a picture of
nuclear Armageddon Oh
that it's gonna be a picture of utopia
we just don't know yet but the media are
portraying it is Armageddon or they're
saying we're right on the verge of
Armageddon unless you're worried unless
you're worried quick rule about worrying
folks worrying has never done anybody
any good concern that drives you to
action is one thing worry fretting
nobody's ever had a better life because
they worried more okay worried does not
make your life any better but this is
what the media are pushing this idea
that we're in the middle of this giant
crisis all the time NBC released this
series of propaganda videos starring
children who are worried worried about
Donald Trump these these kids I mean
this is indoctrination here dear mr.
president dear mr. president you mr.
president
I'm excited for a political outsider
that can solve the disconnect between
the American citizens and the
legislators in Washington when you speak
on things that make me feel
uncomfortable or I disagree with you
make me feel small because I know I
can't change it I want you to know that
I don't like your definition of American
because I don't seem to fit within it
most of my family is black I'm afraid
that you're gonna hurt some of us blacks
right now you're just kind of in the
middle you're swinging towards bad but I
think you can - back to good you are
here attempting to whitewash America
yeah I don't know separate me away from
my family and I really don't want that
piano music okay I hate I hate in
politics when people use children as a
sort of proxy for what they want to say
themselves I hate when you use children
as tools unlike some other folks I hate
when you use children as tools I think
that it's just terrible and so you know
when you when you look at this kind of
video and the media is using these kids
as propaganda vehicles what do you
expect people to feel like does this
make you feel not anxious makes me feel
more anxious does it make you feel
anxious it makes you feel like this poor
kid right she's gonna be walking around
homeless on the streets of Los Angeles
because Donald Trump personally went
kicked in a door and dragged away her
screaming mother right how's that
supposed to not make you feel nervous
and then you wonder why the anxiety is
up that's not good by the way when the
country's anxiety is up like we on the
right we can laugh at I have the snow
flakes ahaha okay first of all the
easiest thing in the world is melting
snowflakes I do it for a living it's
very easy it's not hard but beyond that
it's not good when the entire country
feels like it is a series of snowflakes
that are melting because eventually when
you have a bunch of people who are in
constant crisis anxiety panic mode
something busts loose and I think that
we're entering the verge of that and the
media is really propagating that in a
major way well speaking of sort of the
crisis that could happen this is why
folks this is why you always have to be
prepared for crisis so whether you're
optimistic or pessimistic about the
future of the country whether you feel
like we're on a right track or a wrong
track as what we just saw a Norvell dam
up in california you always have to be
prepared for emergencies and in
California there are those of us like me
who have not been prepared for
emergencies you know we've spent our
time
talking about how the big earthquake is
coming then we have no actual
preparations for earthquakes that is why
you need my Patriot supplies so you get
a four week emergency food supply for 99
bucks which is a lot of food for just
$99 and makes sure that you and your
family are safe and fed you order now at
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen so eight eight eight
eight oh three fourteen thirteen or
online at prepare with been calm prevent
calm so you can be down in that bunker
with my podcast and your food in case
things go dramatically wrong breakfast
lunch and dinner for 28 days ninety nine
bucks on if it's that's a really good
price for that much food and it makes
sure that you only have to buy it once
and then your your solid right I mean
then you're good stays fresh up to
twenty five years you don't have to
worry about this falling apart we're
actually gonna do a taste test in the
office because apparently the food's
really good so we're gonna we're gonna
have people actually taste tested in the
office and we'll let you know how that
goes it's a ninety nine bucks plus free
shipping limit two per caller so you
can't buy like a thousand of them in
case you plan to spend the next 50 years
in a bunker no okay eight eight eight
eight oh three fourteen thirteen prepare
with been calm prepare with been calm
eight eight eight eight oh three
fourteen thirteen from my Patriot supply
you always want to be prepared for
emergency whether or not it happens
what's the worst that happens he took
ninety nine bucks and now you're
prepared for a tornado an earthquake or
a financial collapse or or Barack Obama
rushing in on his white steed to take
back over the country I mean so in any
case that's that's worthwhile doing
again it's prepared with Ben dot-com
okay final note about the media
especially that immigration they're
really making it seem like crisis point
like Trump is going out there knocking
down doors dragging people out of their
houses I mean I seem to remember when
Bill Clinton literally knocked down
doors literally had two SWAT teams knock
down doors to drag a kid away from his
family and back to Cuba and the media
didn't make a huge deal as huge deal out
of that is they're making out of this it
was a big deal but it wasn't as big a
deal as what they're doing now here's a
story that's being promoted all over the
media a child an anti-trump protest
talking to MSNBC talking about how his
father and and how the father and uncle
were deported and actually we've been
walking with these marchers for a while
now and we were surprised to see that
some of the the littlest ones are
leading this rally people like Jose
right over here
tell me why why were you leading the
March just now because I hate Trump and
so-and-so they're my parents and other
friends and he deported my father and my
uncle because they were illegal
immigrants thank you so much Jose and so
the immigration issue very near and dear
random child who can now tell us a sob
story okay we don't know anyone his
father in his uncle
we don't know you notice that we don't
know anything did she ask like so did
they have criminal records
like I don't know who they deported
right you know the Trump administration
so far has been focusing on people with
prior history of criminality so I assume
that you know he's not just going round
up illegal immigrants I live in Los
Angeles
okay Los Angeles is like the number one
city in America for illegal immigration
and I haven't seen the ice vans on the
street going and rounding people up at
Home Depot it ain't happening so this
idea that there's this vast crackdown on
illegal immigration it's just not true
but now we're getting stories about
women taking sanctuary in churches to
avoid Donald Trump's evil deportation
squads Jim this is a Quaker meetinghouse
as they call it where they have taken in
a woman from Peru and her two young
children who were born in the US because
they say they don't want to see families
split apart not beyond the door does
Ingrid and Colada Latorre feels safe
what will happen if you go back to Peru
uh you know I have two children here
they go to school hang on oh and I don't
want to go back here in the Mountain
View Quaker meetinghouse she and her two
children have been living for the past
three months
the assumption is immigration agents
would not come and get her in a church
we don't expect that ice would violate
that sanctuary here she came here from
Peru 17 years ago to visit a relative
and didn't leave she was convicted of a
felony for using a false social security
number and has been ordered to be
deported
yo Lone Eagle cases that is pretty much
why Jeanette mascara a mother of four
took sanctuary in a Unitarian Church now
I've got all these people taking
sanctuary in churches it's something out
of the hunt
of Notre Dame right Quasimodo swings
down on his rope grabs his Marella and
there they are up in the tower shouting
sanctuary okay so do we need a better
comprehensive immigration policy yeah we
do we do okay I've been an advocate for
a long time of the idea that we close
the border and then we go through the
illegal immigrants who are here and we
figure out who deserves to stayin who
deserves to go I don't think that we
ought to treat people as a class exactly
I don't think that just because you came
in the country illegally everybody
became in the country illegally is
exactly the same I don't think that's
right I think that's actually kind of
silly that said the media coverage of
this makes it seem like if you watch
this you would think that the Trump
Gestapo is going door to door knocking
down doors and grabbing people out of
their houses I mean how can you watch
that not feel anxious this is why the
left is anxious and that's not going to
be good that's not going to be good now
we're gonna have to continue talking
about this on the other side of the
break over at Daley wire.com there's a
lot more to come out and talk about how
Trump is responding to all of this and
whether it's ratcheting down or
ratcheting up tensions over at Daley
wire.com become a subscriber for $8 a
month go and check it out over there and
if you become an annual subscriber right
now then you get a free copy of the
Arroyo fictional film about what's
happening down the southern border where
the shapiro store which is coming i
think next month
and that will have all sorts of gear
you'll get all sorts of discounts on
that stuff we have books that are coming
out and all sorts of wonderful things
view become a subscriber right now at
Daley wired.com so check that out also
later you can listen to us at iTunes or
SoundCloud if you do go and rate us at
the iTunes Store but we are the largest
conservative podcast in the nation
so meanwhile the media
