president Donald Trump held a press
conference on Friday emergency crews are
still cleaning up the wreckage and
removing the charred bodies from the
scene witnesses say the trouble began
immediately when the president entered
the press room by driving his gigantic
clawed foot through the roof flattening
several newsmen beneath him even while
sweeping others up in his massive hands
and roasting them with his fiery breath
before devouring them whole
the tragic blood-soaked scene of carnage
in the aftermath featured journalists
with their credibility destroyed and
their careers reduced to irrelevance and
cause many members of the American
public to laugh uproariously clinking
their beer cans together in a heartfelt
toast at the sight of justice being done
but journalists complained that this
only showed the mean-spiritedness of
Trump supporters who had no compassion
for innocent journalists whose only
fault had been to lie every minute of
every day for the last 16 years
reporters who survived the presser
complained that the gigantic beast like
president ranted and raved against them
in an unamerican manner by accusing them
of using such biased terms about him as
rant and rave and unamerican which of
course they would never do after a week
in which prominent journalists claimed
that Russian hacking of some Democrat
emails constituted an attack as bad as
9/11 or Pearl Harbor that an officials
legal conversation with his Russian
counterparts constituted a category-5
political hurricane and that a series of
events in which no laws seemed to have
been broken was a scandal worse than
Watergate journalists were absolutely
shocked when the president retaliated by
lifting the pressroom above his head in
his mighty arms and throwing it into the
Potomac River with the shrieking and
panicking journalists still inside as
one wounded reporter managed to whisper
as he was carried out of the rubble on a
stretcher quote just because we hate
this president and lie about him and
perv a fake news that's no reason to say
were hateful lying purveyors of fake
news or ok maybe it is but the First
Amendment says no one can criticize us
at least that's what someone told me
unquote the journalist later died on the
operating table from complications of
stupidity
after what reporter
are now calling the great press
conference disaster President Trump
continued to rampage through the streets
of the capital
crushing several bureaucratic and
intelligence agencies underfoot whilst
swiping fighter jets out of the sky
where they had been scrambled in a
useless attempt to stop him
government workers fearing the loss of
their well pain and largely useless jobs
ran shrieking through the streets as did
scores of elderly Japanese people who
turned out to be the surviving extras
from the 1961 movie Mothra finally with
the entire capital city in flames the
president stomped back to the White
House ripped the wall off the Oval
Office and returned to his desk after a
shocked public watched Washington DC
crumble into scorched dust Trump's
popularity rose 27 points
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right it's presidents day it's
actually president that's a stupid name
for this holiday it's Washington and
Lincoln day right it's not it's not
James Polk day you know when I'm Millard
Fillmore day its presidents miss
Washington and Lincoln's day and we'll
be talking about our president and
taking a look at him we've survived the
storm here in California which blew down
a tremendous tree blocking my road it
was a me and amazing storm and we have
cultural correspondent Michael halls who
actually won a prize for all these
prizes I made up for him he actually won
a really good one talking we'll be
talking about that and meanwhile studies
they've been studies recently that show
that listening to the Andrew Clavin show
is a gateway drug to more dangerous
things like cocaine and alcohol you
start listening to the show and then you
love the buzz you that you get from it
and pretty soon you're using all kinds
of terrible things so you can't drive
home and that's why we advertise lifts
on this show lifts ly ft you get the app
on your phone in about three and a half
minutes you can call a car to drag you
back from whatever horrible orgy you've
been at after listening to the show you
don't you know you start out listening
the show you don't know what happens you
wake up you don't even know where your
you are or who you're with and she's
dead and it's really terrible you need a
car to take you back lift lifts as a ten
point safety standard where they test
their drivers so it is a creep 'less
zone in a lift cam gets five star
ratings and every every driver is rated
so it weeds out the bad ones and as
always we give you free stuff I mean
this is the amazing thing
right now lyft is offering our listeners
a special deal you get three free rides
up to ten dollars each that's up to a
$30 value if you go on the app and you
enter the promo code clayvin now you may
say how do you spell Clavin I don't know
oh wait yes I do it's a que la vie a n
put that in you will get three free
rides for up to a $30 value just
the free lyft app today and enter promo
code Clavin in the payments section
you'll start with three free rides up to
$10 each that's up to a $30 value listen
I know that listening to this show is
probably destroyed your life but at
least you won't get in a car accident on
the way home if you go on your lyft app
and put in the promo code Clavin enter
the promo code Clavin and then after
that go to your meeting and see if you
can get over all right listen it's time
to take a pause on this Presidents Day
so I'm to take a breath and ask
ourselves what it is we are looking at
because we are hearing it's it's like
it's like the movie Rashomon I don't
know if you ever saw the rush Ramon it's
it's this great movie I think it
probably affected Clint Eastwood's life
enormously because a lot of his movies
harken back to it but it's just it's a
movie about an incident that takes place
and then everybody tells the story and
everybody saw something different
everybody saw something different
happening I feel like that's happening
not just in Washington DC with different
people reporting different stuff but
it's happening to me
I mean I myself Who I am at this point a
fairly sophisticated political observer
I'm not sure what I'm seeing and the
reason is this president is always
speaking honestly right this president
talks weird I mean he talks in a funny
way and he says things that aren't true
even though you kind of can't understand
what he's saying so he says you know I
got the most electoral votes ever or the
most electoral votes since Reagan and
they say well that's not true and he
says well that's what someone TalkTalk
know like yeah you know he gave a speech
in Florida and everybody's piling onto
him because he said Oh what happened in
Sweden last night talking about the
damage that refugees and immigrants
unvetted immigrants are doing in
countries he said it's like what
happened in Sweden last night so
everybody started tweeting Sweden last
night because nothing had happened in
Sweden last night what he meant was he
had seen a show on Fox News about a
documentary maker who was saying that in
Sweden they are under playing the
violence that has come from immigrants
you know and there's a lot of rapes that
have taken place and Sweden because of
immigrants and all this stuff and he was
talking about that but it's all he's
always kind of off he's got this very
aggressive way of speaking and meanwhile
the press is insane
they have gone insane and they blow they
jumped the gun on everything all right
so let's let's pause for a minute like
let's talk about the Russians let's talk
about the Russians what has happened
what do we know has happened with the
Russians
we know that the DNC had its emails
hacked and the Intelligence Agency say
it was the Russians all right all right
so let's believe them so let's say it
was the Russian so that's a mischievous
thing to do and did you know the
Russians are bad lot the government of
Russia is a wicked evil criminal
government and so they hacked into the
dance they have been playing with our
elections forever
I mean for ever they have been messing
with us forever most of these college
professors who are teaching your
children nonsense
most of them in their youth were in
peace movements and anti-missile
movements a lot of them that were funded
by the Soviet Union they have been
screwing with us forever and mostly the
left has been there they're willing
idiots they're you know they've gone
along with this whole thing so now this
is a kind of a minor you know piece of
mischief it should be investigated it's
not good it's bad but its minor and it's
not what swung the election what swung
the election is that people are out of
work across the middle of the country
and Hillary Clinton and the left are too
arrogant to pay any attention to them
whatsoever Trump heard that he heard him
he went and talked to them that's how we
won the election this minor thing
meanwhile meanwhile Mike Flynn former
national security adviser had a call
that seems perfectly legal perfectly
reasonable had a call with the Russian
ambassador's he lied to pence my theory
and it's actually as some of the stuff
the information that's coming out kind
of confirms my theory my theory is that
by this time Trump realized he was not
gonna do a good job that I think Flynn
may be a little bit
you know a little bit Boingo in the
Bongo just God use this as an excuse to
get him but no laws have been broken so
far that we know of you know the there
have been investigations into other
people in the campaign and I've spoken
to Russian no charges no no one is even
saying there was any illegality the New
York Times keeps trumpeting these
headlines but nothing so not that much
is happening with Russia really I mean
who knows tomorrow maybe some
earth-shattering piece of news will come
but it's nothing it's nothing this thing
that Keith Olbermann that we're now you
know a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Russia it's just it's it's
crazy it is crazy nonsense and Thomas
Friedman you know New York Times from
knucklehead row he's saying this is like
9/11 this is like Pearl Harbor are you
kidding me you know and Chuck Todd this
is worse this is a category five
hurricane
dan Rather this is worse than Watergate
like you take a breath and you just step
back and you say like as far as we know
not that much is going on you know Trump
says nice things about Putin cuz he
wants to get along with them as he said
we were both nuclear powers he'd want he
thinks it would be a good thing if we
can get along good luck with that Obama
said the same thing tried the same thing
didn't work probably won't work now but
you know go ahead but it doesn't make
him a Russian spy you know and it's this
nonsense this high this high pitched
hysteria from the press that is making
it very hard on that side to see
anything then on the other side you have
Trump and he talks in this funny way but
think of what he's done so far
I mean he's picked a great justice for
the Supreme Court who will and and look
you can't get rid of wit how we got here
we got here by voting for Trump against
Hillary Clinton this means that our
first and second Amendment rights may be
safe for another generation I mean it's
a big big deal his appointments have
been good with the exception of Flynn
Rex Tillerson is good Mad Dog Madison
seems to be good the Attorney General
jeff Sessions very good you know these
are these are really good people and
he's appointed people to the agencies
which he said he would do that who are
suspicious of the agencies Scott Pruett
at the EPA that's he the vasa at
education these are people who were
suspicious of the agencies they are sent
in to run which is part of what he said
he was going to do with that he was
going to return power to the people he's
frozen in federal hiring he's had a new
rule about regulations that you have to
get rid of too if you want one I mean
this is a halt and and he's righted
relations with Israel our ally so two
big errors that he seems to have bobbled
the ball on this executive order banning
travel and he's trying to rewrite that
and Michael Flynn seems to have been a
bad appointment and he's resigned what's
the big deal what is the big deal I mean
where where is the fascism coming from
where is the authoritarian you know I I
get it he talks in this funny way so so
let's take a look
this press conference on Friday because
it was it was kind of like the greatest
show on earth I mean it was fantastic so
we go into this press conference
remember this is no getting around that
we go into this press conference as we
enter the tunnel of the press conference
the press is like it's the biggest
scandal since Watergate it's the
Russians are coming the Russians are
coming this is terrible and Trump isn't
calling on us he's not calling on the
people who will ask him the tough
questions Trump gets up there front hour
and talks to I mean he almost called me
up at home you know he called he talked
to everybody he let everybody talk and
we come away and where's the Russia
story I mean it was a work of genius it
was a work of artistic genius here's his
response to the Russian thing speaking
from myself I own nothing in Russia
I have no loans in Russia I don't have
any deals in Russia President Putin
called me up very nicely
to congratulate me on the win of the
election he then called me up extremely
nicely to congratulate me on the
inauguration which was terrific but so
did many other leaders almost all other
leaders from almost all other countries
so that's the extent Russia is fake news
Russia this is fake news put out by the
media so so unless like he pulls off his
orange here and he's really Boris bad
enough from the rocky cartoons he's like
this Russian spy his SMERSH from the
James Bond you know unless that happens
they got nothing they got nothing on the
guy you know so I'm saying he's got this
weird tone he's got this weird way of
talking sometimes I look at him and I
think is there something wrong with him
is it you know is he is he tracking he
says these stuff then they come after
him the big complaint they had is he
won't let us ask he won't call on people
who'll ask him about the real story of
the day Michael Flynn anyway we that's
the real so they asked him and here he
is on on leaks number two when I was
called out on Mexico I was shocked
because all this equipment all this
incredible phone equipment when I was
called out on Mexico I was honestly I
was really really surprised but I said
you know it doesn't make sense that
won't happen but that wasn't that
important to call was fine I could show
it to the world and he could show it to
the world the president
who's a very fine man by the way same
thing with Australia
I said that's terrible that it was
leaked but it wasn't that important but
then I said I said what happens when I'm
dealing with the problem of North Korea
what happens when I'm dealing with the
problems in the Middle East are you
folks gonna be reporting all of that
very very confidential information very
important very you know I mean at the
highest level you're gonna be reporting
about that too so I don't want
classified information getting out to
the public and in a way that was almost
a test so so after talking about Flinn
and saying flynn's a good guy he turns
the narrative around and he says this is
really about these leaks and you guys
are endangering people and then then the
attack on the press begins and this is
really really something but if you're on
facebook and youtube you got to come
over to the Daily wire calm to hear it
if you subscribe at the Daily wire calm
you can watch it and you can be in the
mail bag which is warm and cozy
