the Statue of Liberty is weeping over
the sad fate of poor misunderstood
terrorists and criminals who are being
denied the constitutional rights they
would have if they were allowed to stay
in our country which President Donald
Trump is trying to prevent causing the
Statue of Liberty to weep even more in
an emotional press conference before a
group of wailing and lamenting
journalists a sobbing Senate Democrat
leader Chuck Schumer barely managed to
choke out the news that the Statue of
Liberty has been in a state of near
emotional collapse ever since the
president began his attempts to enforce
immigration laws and improve the vetting
of refugees the sniveling and blubbering
Schumer told the keening and whimpering
journalists that the statue had been
absolutely prostrate with emotion over
the White House policies she's been
drinking heavily and was even rumored to
be holding her antidepressants under her
enormous tongue and then storing the
pills inside her immense copper mastered
mattress after the gigantic statues of
psychiatric nurses left her room Schumer
says many of Liberty's gigantic statue
friends are afraid she will do something
desperate and the idea that suicide
might deprive New York Harbor of its
most famous landmark cause cause Schumer
to drop down onto his stomach pounding
the floor with his fist and kicking it
repeatedly with his loafers until he
sent up a cry so full of grief that
bawling reporters said it was enough to
make a stone shed tears if the stone
happened to work for the news media and
was a moral idiot that I repeat myself
gigantic statues of psychiatrists have
traced the cause of the Statue of
Liberty's emotional problems to her
compassionate concern for suffering
Islamic refugees whose only crime is to
believe in a religion that wants all of
us dead House Democrat Leader Nancy
Pelosi who was either shrieking in
sorrow or speaking in her normal voice
it was difficult to tell issued a
statement saying quote this country
believes in freedom of religion and
that's true whether your religion
worships a God of universal love or a
warrior demon God who
to sacrifice the reason and well-being
of mankind to preserve the violent
small-minded and vengeful primitivism of
the most dysfunctional societies on the
planet after all the losi added all
religions are a path to truth just
because some of those paths are strewn
with mutilated corpses is no reason to
bar people from our country unquote
according to reports from the home for
mentally disturbed gigantic statues the
Statue of Liberty is also distraught
over the fate of innocent Mexicans were
being accused of being criminals simply
because they broke the law reports say
the Statue of Liberty cries herself to
sleep at night then slips off her
pedestal and falls into the harbor
whereupon she wakes to find yourself so
keen and miserable and balls like a
gigantic copper child Lady Liberty Nancy
Pelosi Chuck Schumer and other over
emotional women are scheduled to meet
next week they say they'll have a good
cry together then go shopping trigger
warning I'm Andrew Klavan and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
so we know the things she knows if
anything it's a wonder all right all
right I just barely managed to get
through that but Cynthia and glue what a
great job she is doing illustrating
these opens I mean they really have
written anything anything that distracts
you from me I think ups the quality the
shuffle so we're going to have some
dancing girls and being all about
meanwhile Cynthia's doing a great job
illustrating the openings all right so
the media are now we have to say R is
the media is a plural the media are now
at open war against the president it is
the media versus the People's Choice and
the media had a good week after eight
years eight years of betraying every
journalistic principle in order to prop
up a incompetent president in the name
of his leftist policies and because they
wanted the first black president to be a
good president rather than a terrible
president which he turned out to be the
media suddenly wakes up and oh my
goodness I remember we're supposed to be
journalists were supposed to attack the
people in power and thereafter trumping
they had a good week michael Flynn quit
they consider this they obviously
consider this a scalp they love it they
they really got this is after the Ninth
Circuit struck down the travel ban
executive order and yesterday Andrew
puds ER Trump's pick for labor secretary
dropped out after he lost Republican
backing I mean basically the Republicans
came to trump and said they're not going
to vote for him buzzer ahead there were
rumors that he had abused his wife he
had hired illegal immigrants which is I
always get really everybody hires
illegal immigrants I mean if you live in
California and you have a gardener if
he's not an illegal immigrant he's
hiring people are really the illegal
immigrants I mean it's just it's just
ridiculous it's the government's
responsibility to keep people out not
people's responsibility not to hire them
once they're there it's kind of
ridiculous anyway the New York Times a
former newspaper it has a headline today
journalists battered and groggy find a
renewed
sense of mission okay there batters in
groggy because they've been asleep for
eight years you know he's sleeping
radios like whoa you know what I'm
battered and groggy I said what happened
oh yeah I passed out eight years ago
after Obama was elected here's a little
excerpt from this incredible piece of
spectacular New York Times Ian
journalism White House misconduct
sensational leaks battling broadsheets
the swirling story around president
Trump's dealings with Russia is being
compared in journalism circles to past
blockbusters like Watergate and the
Monica Lewinsky scandal with a 21st
century twist news organizations like
the Washington Post The New York Times
they include themselves in news
organizations and that's a laugh and CNN
are jousting for scoops but instead of
sending clerks to grab the early
editions from who stands editors watch
the news unfold on Twitter in real-time
anonymous sources are driving bombshell
stories but it is reporting inside our
imaginations religion to tell you what
we think is happening but it's not
really an anonymous sources are driving
bombshell stories but leaks are
springing from encrypted iPhone
messaging apps rather than from meetings
and underground parking garages the news
cycle begins at sunrise as groggy
reporters here's a ping of a
presidential tweet and end sometimes in
the overnight hours as newspaper editors
care up front pages scrambled by the
latest revelation from Washington in
consequence and velocity the political
development developments of the past
four weeks has it been only four weeks
are jogging memories of momentous
journalistic times what a pile of
stinking crap what I'm sorry but it's
like it's like a dumpster pulled out yes
they're having New York Times delivered
to your door it's you might just as well
have a dumpster come and dump garbage
but you know the media got one guy they
got a guy and then now pusser I mean
every every administration has some of
their appointments turned away so that's
not as big a deal but still they smell
blood and they're running with every
story they can get from Obama hangers-on
still in the government who are slipping
them information from intelligence
agencies that are protecting the the big
bureaucratic state yesterday you know
yesterday the Times ran that story that
was a true nothing burger about how they
had been investigating contacts between
people in the Trump campaign and Russia
they've been doing this for four months
they found no hint of the illegality
that's the front page but of course yet
you got to get down four or five
paragraphs before you get to the fact
that there was no hint of ely any
illegality today The Wall Street Journal
The Wall Street Journal is having an
internal battle between people who
basically want to support Trump and
people who feel that they should be
doing this new version of non nudes and
today obviously the non news people one
and they have a story that the u.s. and
us intelligent officials have withheld
sensitive intelligence from President
Donald Trump because they are concerned
it could be leaked or compromised in
other words intelligence agencies are
not telling Trump what's happening
because they're afraid they'll send it
to the Russians a quote this is
according to current and former
officials familiar with the matter no
names anonymous sources I mean these
anonymous sources used to be something
you went to only in extremes when you
would have the thing confirmed a million
times but they know they're out to get
these guys and they know also that the
White House The Oval Office is being run
a little chaotically so they know that
there's no one there to battle with them
says the officials the intelligence
officials decision to keep information
from mr. Trump underscores that deep
mistrust that has developed between the
intelligence community and the president
over his team's contacts with the
Russian government's okay and now it
says the headline is spies keep
intelligence from Donald Trump onli
concerns and our White House official
says there is nothing that leads us to
believe that this is an accurate account
of what's actually happening the way
that spokesman from the office of
director of national intelligence said
any suggestion that the US intelligence
community is withholding information and
not providing the best possible
intelligence to the president and his
national security team is not true so
the intelligence people deny it the
White House denies it for unnamed
sources confirm it and they run with
this on the front page I mean this this
is war this is war these guys are out to
bring this president down sorts look at
the real news let's look at what
actually happened yesterday which was of
course the president met with Benjamin
Netanyahu and this is important because
the
United States the last best hope of
freedom on the face of the earth has two
allies on earth okay it has two allies
and those two allies are not Israel in
Britain they're conservatives in Israel
and conservatives in Britain but left in
Israel and the left in Britain is just
as anti-american as the left is here but
as long as conservatives are running
Britain and running Israel they are our
friend those countries are our friends
and our only friends and the only people
who will back us when the going gets
tough these are the people who stand
with America look they have their own
interests and part of their being our
friends as being acting in their own
interest but this is a guy that that
this is a country that we need in our on
our side and has always been on our side
until our old friend Barack Obama came I
just you gotta just listen to Benjamin
Netanyahu this is after eight years of
let's set this up let's set this up this
play the CNN clip this is what it was
like for Netanyahu are only ally in the
Middle East our only true friend let's
not fair only Ally our only true friend
in the Middle East is Israel
conservative Israel this is CNN's report
from 2011 on what it was like for him
under Obama and open mic during last
week's g20 summit caught President Obama
and french President Nicolas Sarkozy
complaining about Israel's Prime
Minister according to a report by
Reuters I cannot bear Netanyahu he's a
liar said Sarkozy Obama according to a
French interpreter who was translating
his remarks replied you're fed up with
him but I have to deal with him even
more often than you the president didn't
exactly come to the defense of Netanyahu
whom he most recently saw the UN in
September it's not surprising says
Martin Indyk who served as US ambassador
to Israel during the Clinton and Bush
administration's it reveals the inner
feelings of the president towards Prime
Minister Netanyahu I don't think it's
any secret that these two leaders that
have not gotten on basically from their
first meeting on and an oval office
encounter this past may further revealed
the frosty relationship between the
leaders while Israel
prepared to make generous compromises
for Peter it cannot go back to the 1967
eyes Netanyahu essentially lecturing a
stern-faced President Obama stern-faced
President Obama if you couldn't see that
if you were not watching but just
listening Obama the look in Obama's eyes
is you suck I hate you that is what he
might as well have it written on his
forehead and remember Obama look he cast
this check it when he was when his
administration was coming to an end he
stabbed Israel in the back by letting
the UN pass a resolution condemning the
settlements and basically saying it was
illegal for Jews to settle in Jerusalem
you know which would be funny if it
weren't tragic now I just wanted to play
that to compare it's a look and to look
and you can hear it in his voice you
don't have to see this but the look on
Netanyahu's face yesterday and the way
he's talking about Donald Trump is cut
three listen to this I have known
president Trump for many years and to
allude to him or to his people his team
some of whom I've known for many years
to can I reveal Jared how long we've
known you well he was never small he was
always big it was always tall but I've
known the president and I've known his
family and his team for a long time and
there is no greater supporter of the
Jewish people and the Jewish state and
President Donald Trump I think we should
put that to rest his uncle BB is here
Jack it looks like it suddenly he looks
like this like Jewish troll you know is
the happiest guy on earth and this thing
with his son you know Jared I've known
him since he was a little boy I loved it
you know and every tennis remember is
from a president who was about a
president who is getting hammered
because some of the alt right some of
that anti-semitism was coming on the
auth right who by the way you've noticed
the alt right
proven thinking it's like a trap door I
mean Milo is still making the rounds am
I even Milo's toning it down with this
stuff a little bit you know Milo is kind
of getting on the in with the program i
think but this like it was like the alt
right was standing there you know we
back Trump you know a hundred percent
and then could trap door open they were
gone you know no it's the end and now
he's back with his bowels because happen
Trump Stanley is Jewish all right I got
to say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
but come on over the daily wire calm and
listen to the rest you could watch the
rest if you would subscribe it's only a
lousy eight bucks a month
