so here is a headline from CBS this
morning quote undocumented transgender
woman filing domestic violence claim
arrested ell at El Paso courthouse by
ice official says the ultimate victim
we've found the ultimate victim an
illegal immigrant transgender woman
abused by domestic partner deported for
the crime of showing up to a courthouse
stop the presses here's some other media
headlines about this horrifying story
ice detains domestic violence victim in
el paso court huffington post ice
reportedly detained a domestic abuse
victim who sought court protection
Newser ice agents arrest woman in
domestic violence court New York
magazine ice arrests domestic violence
victim at Texas Courthouse the
Washington Post this is really
unprecedented ice detains woman seeking
domestic abuse protection at texas
courthouse even Fox News ice agents
reported arrests alleged domestic
violence victim at Texas courthouse now
here's how the headline should actually
have read ice agents arrest repeatedly
convicted criminal for deportation at
courthouse the transgender woman in
question has been deported six times
before and voluntarily returned to
Mexico one other time here is the rap
sheet for the transgender woman from
2013 assault probation violence domestic
violence false imprisonment of a minor
that information which seems sort of
important it's buried in the second to
last paragraph of a 19 paragraph CBS
news story The Washington Post buried it
in it buried it in paragraph 10 The
Huffington Post didn't mention it at all
all of the stories mentioned a comment
from the county prosecutor who said that
ice knew about the deportees location
because of an anonymous tip the
prosecutor suggested the tip came from
the alleged domestic abuser but then
admitted she had no specific information
that would lead her to that conclusion
there are provisions by the way in US
law that apparently prevents arrest of
someone for immigration status based
solely on reports from a domestic abuser
but you don't get the whole story from
the media particularly not from their
headlines the crusade is now on to find
victims of the supposedly Gestapo esque
trump immigration enforcement policy and
the media won't let inconvenient facts
like repeat criminality of the arrested
stands in the way i'm ben shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
it's mailbag day yeah we're gonna get to
the mailbag today everybody is very
excited about all of it but we will get
to that in just a second first we have
to say thank you to our advertisers over
at Zeile so if you are somebody who is
desperately in need of a sub massage and
I am one of these people I will admit I
get very stressed and and I require
massages from time to time zeal is the
place where you go to zeal calm and you
and you can get a massage at your house
they come to your house they cater to
you and you can choose the kind of
masseuse that you want the type of
massage it's it's on demand it's at home
I try it out actually my mother-in-law
came into town and I was supposed to get
the massage from zeal and instead
because I was a good son-in-law I gave
it to my mother-in-law our relationship
has never been better it worked out
great our listeners get $25 off their
first massage by using the promo code
been at checkout at zeal calm right now
it cost about on average 20 to 50% less
and if you go to a local spa or hotel
plus you don't have to actually go there
and wait for an appointment you actually
make the appointment online on the on
the app and then they come to your house
and the masseuse is our absolutely
first-rate it's like bringing the spa
into your house they bring all of the
all of the materials and bringing the
table they bring the Descent they can of
the whole deal they bring okay it's seal
it smells EEE elle.com and make sure to
click the add promo code at checkout to
use my promo code bed and get $25 off
your first massage zeal calm or you can
go to their iPhone or Android app you
get that special offer when you try zeal
today they have about 8,000 massage
massage therapists all over the country
again use that promo code been at
checkout to get 25% and $25 off your
first massage they are the first and
leading same-day in-home massage company
and I can vouch for their quality
because as I say my mother-in-law has
never been happy for having stolen a
massage that was allotted to me in any
case we begin so lots of good Trump lots
of bad Trump Donald Trump has been a
very very busy president over the last
two 24 hours so we begin so we begin
okay so let's start with let's play the
good from bad Trump thing we haven't
done that in a in at least three hours
let's do that
yes indeedy-do it's time for some good
Trump antrum and who's coming who's cut
boom it's good trunk yes he's back so
after a week of stupidity about Michael
Flynn we now actually get some good
Trump and not just good Trump great
Trump this is the best that Trump has
looked in his presidency since he picked
Neal or such here's where Trump is
actually really good when Trump has
these sort of pre scheduled events with
people that he likes and he gets to play
the triumphant Conqueror great great you
know in the old Gorsuch that event was
beautifully staged beautifully managed
he handled himself well and then he did
it with Benjamin Netanyahu the Prime
Minister of Israel yesterday Senate in
Yahoo shows up after 8 long years of
being out in the cold thanks to
President Barak I'm not real fond of
them Jews Obama and you know his his
anti-israel policy is really egregious I
mean I talked about this for years when
when President Obama was president now
Donald Trump has come into office nobody
really knows where he is on any of these
issues he's made overtures that make him
sound very pro-israel he's obviously
been very warm toward Bibi Netanyahu and
yesterday who's extremely warm for Bibi
Netanyahu you really reset the
relationship I mean it was the
equivalent of handsomeness and Yahoo a
reset button he basically said we're
here for you we stand by you we're not
gonna stand with terrorism we're not
going to stand alongside radical Islamic
terrorists just because they have the
the modifier Palestinian by their name
and so Donald Trump shows up and he
stands along in Yahoo you can see the
warmth I mean Netanyahu is so relieved
he doesn't have to deal with that
jackass Obama I mean last I Bob was the
kind of guy who was making Netanyahu
leave through the back door and getting
all taped off of Netanyahu spoke to a
joint session of Congress and putting
severe pressure on the Israelis at the
very end of his tenure through not
gettin rid not vetoing bad UN
resolutions and so now and then she now
comes to the White House when he's
actually the red carpet has rolled out
for him and the event is really good so
here is here's Donald Trump talking
about a peace deal and he does something
that's pretty notable he doesn't talk
about the the two-state peace deal he
doesn't talk about the idea of the
two-state solution which we'll talk
about in a second and I believe that the
great opportunity for peace comes from a
regional approach from involving
our newfound Arab partners in the
pursuit of a broader peace and peace
with the Palestinians and I greatly look
forward to discussing this in detail
with you mr. president because I think
that if we work together
we have a shot and Trump obviously
agrees with that and you can see that in
Santiago is really really excited that
Trump is there so Trump himself didn't
talk about the two-state solution this
is sent the media off why didn't he talk
about the two states look because the
two-state solution is stupid I know is
stupid when I was nine and there during
the Oslo Accords it turns out that
giving terrorists to state is not a good
idea
the Palestinian Authority was a
terrorist group it is a terrorist group
Hamas is a terrorist group Islamic Jihad
is a terrorist group giving terrorists
estate is a terrible terrible terrible
idea and when you say we're making a
peace deal and the peace deal is going
to be that at the end you get a state
you've already given up what your
negotiating all right there's no more
negotiation so why exactly what the
Palestinians give up anything at that
point why would they stop the terrorism
they know at the endpoint of this
negotiation is and they know that all
the pressures on Israel to concede
things beyond that the stupidity of Oslo
was saying that that the Palestinians
have a right to an independent state
there is no such historic right for the
Palestinians to have an independent
state that state was called Jordan
historically by the one that when they
partitioned British Mandate Palestine
there were there were two states right
they were originally there were there
really only two states in it was Jordan
and Israel and that was it and then they
sliced off another like quasi little
state and that was the the so-called
West Bank and Gaza Strip and the Arabs
rejected that deal there's no history to
having another in a second Palestinian
state in the region
Jordan is 70 percent Palestinian the
idea that it was it was a foregone
conclusion the only way that was ever
gonna be peace was to put a terrorist
group in charge of the West Bank and
Gaza Strip absolute stupidity when the
Jews pulled out of the Gaza Strip it
immediately was turned into Hamas a Stan
which is an actual terror State and you
know the fact that everybody keeps
glomming onto this two-state deal this
two-state solution is really dumb and it
was really dumb for the Israelis to do
it because it was basically suggesting
that the Jews were interlopers in the
region that the Jews had to make some
sort of deal to give away the heart of
what it means to be Jewish really I mean
Judea and Samaria are the heart of
biblical Israel giving away the heart of
biblical Israel to the
Palestinian Arabs suggest that they have
a primacy of historical claim that
simply does not exist Oslo is foolish
for that reason historically morally
politically in abomination and finally
recognizing that after 25 years of
failure seems like a pretty good
approach it seems like after after doing
this for two decades of silliness maybe
we should try something else now there
are a bunch of different things that
could be done here one could be just a
continuation of status quo which is you
don't get to ship weapons in you guys
get to handle your own crap internally
and as long as there's no terrorism we
can have free flow of people in and out
of Palestinian areas without granting
independent statehood that's not an
apartheid state the United States
basically has that sort of relationship
with were toriko my Puerto Rico isn't a
sovereign country Puerto Rico is still
administered it's a territory of the
United States technically they don't get
to vote in the presidential elections
they're not American citizens but the
United States actually helps out in the
administration of Puerto Rico and so the
suggesting that this is some sort of
apartheid state if they were to come to
this sort of arrangement is silly
there's also the Carolyn Glick solution
which would be a one state solution
which is basically Israel annexes
everything and then Israel actually
gives citizenship to the Palestinians
because guess what there are six million
Jews in the area they're only like a
million and a half Palestinians and
that's not the world's biggest deal so
there are plenty of solutions other than
we have to give an independent state to
a bunch of genocide all people who wish
to wipe trees off the map it's always
funny they always talk about the Jews
participating in some sort of ethnic
cleansing effort by moving Palestinians
they never talk about the Palestinians
forcibly moving Jews out of how many
Jews live in quote-unquote Palestine the
answer is zero zero Jews live there
how many Israeli Arabs live in Israel
over a million so the idea that the
ethnic cleansing is coming from the
Jewish side is really quite
spectacularly stupid getting rid of the
the idea that the Palestinians have to
have their own state as a precondition
for any negotiation is is a good first
step because if you're actually gonna
have a negotiation everything should be
on the table nothing should be off the
table the reason it's in Yahoo wants to
bring in regional partners on the peace
deal is because he knows that Jordan
doesn't want the Palestinians he knows
Egypt doesn't want the Palestinians he
knows the Saudis don't want the
Palestinians you know all of them
opposed a Palestinian state here's the
reality
Egypt Jordan Saudi Arabia none of them
want a Palestinian state they all
pretend they do for public consumption
none of them actually do the reason they
don't actually want that is because if
there are a Palestinian state on the
border of
it would immediately become a terror
threat to Jordan itself and the
Egyptians don't want a Palestinian
terrorist state on their border they've
been having all sorts of border trouble
the the leader al Sisi has been having
all sorts of border trouble with with
Gaza Stan with it with Hamas sustained
in Gaza because Egypt is in control the
Sinai desert which runs all the way up
to the Gaza Strip so none of these
countries actually want there to be a
Palestinian state Netanyahu knows that
that's why Netanyahu is saying we should
have a regional approach here listen
Netanyahu okay the Israeli government
has a has a on the table constant offer
to the Jordanians that if Jordans want
to take over all of the Palestinian
territories they can you know the
Jordanians say they say no no one wants
to be in charge of this you know why
because it's filled with a terror
government okay so Netanyahu says all of
this and then Trump says something
that's not so good he says that that
that Netanyahu should hold off on the
settlements and he doesn't in typical
kind of trumpian casual style here's
what he says as far as settlements I'd
like to see you hold back on settlements
for a little bit we'll work something
out but I would like to see a deal be
made I think a deal will be made I know
that every president would like to most
of them have not started too late
because they never thought it was
possible and it wasn't possible because
they didn't do it
but Bibi and I have known each other a
long time a smart man great negotiator
and I think we're gonna make a deal okay
so Trump me so so this this is the part
that's slightly disquieting when Trump
says things like I know we're gonna make
a deal you know how well kind of
pressure is he gonna bring to bear so
far so good I don't see a lot of
pressure as far as him mentioning the
settlements I think that he does so
because the State Department and people
around him tell him he has to mention
the settlement so he looks even-handed
it doesn't make a lot of sense to say
that the two-state solution is not a
precondition and ago she ations and then
to say settlements have to stop is
really kind of silly because the only
reasons for settlements to stop is the
idea that you're eventually going to
transfer all of the control over that
territory to this this this growing
terror state and this terror this
Palestinian terror state that's the only
reason you wouldn't want to use building
additional bathrooms on the back of
their houses or building more
settlements because the truth is the the
Arabs in Palestine right the Arabs in
the Palestinian areas there is no
Palestine the Arabs and the Palestinian
controlled Arab areas they would be mmm
thrilled I mean realistically they'd be
thrilled if Israel
all the territory their constant polls
showing that Israeli Arabs given the
option to move to Palestinian
territories or say in Israel they all
want to stay in Israel why because they
have jobs they're wealthy they live free
and it turns out that the areas
controlled by Palestinians are kind of
craphole because the administration
their steeled billions of dollars from
their own people and takes all the
foreign aid and puts it in their pocket
Netanyahu obviously is thrilled about
all of this he says look we don't need a
two-state solution that ends with the
terror state what is Abu Mazen mean by
two states okay what does he mean a
state that doesn't recognize the Jewish
state a state that basically is open for
attack against Israel you know what are
we talking about we're talking about
Costa Rica are we talking about another
Iran so obviously it means different
things I told you what are the
conditions that I believe are necessary
for an agreement it's the recognition of
the Jewish state and it's Israel's
Israel's security control of the entire
area
otherwise which is fantasizing otherwise
we'll get another failed state and other
terrorist Islamist dictatorship that
will not work for peace but work to
destroy us but also destroy any hope any
hope for a peaceful future for our
people okay and all that says there is
absolutely 100 percent true so you know
good good for good for Trump for taking
the the blinders off with regard to this
idiotic two-state solution nonsense it's
time to move beyond failed failed
attempts of the past and time to talk
about realistic solutions in that area
realistic solutions will involve
security not peace but the security
that's going to be arranged is not going
to be on the back of setting up a
terrorist state in the heart of Israel
that's absolutely foolish and it's good
for a president Trump okay so we now
have to take our break over at Facebook
and YouTube but we have lots more coming
up we have to get to more of the fallout
about Flynn some bad Trump we have to
get to the media just making complete
fools of themselves the Republicans all
over them so it turns more coming up
here on the bench Shapiro she'll go
Daily wire calm right now to subscribe
$8 a month will buy you that
subscription you can see the rest of the
show live you can be part of the mailbag
right now we're going to be doing the
mailbag in just a few minutes and you
get to be part of it you get to send in
your questions live and I will answer
them live and make your life 100% better
if your life is crappy
it will now be just glorious
we of happiness if your life is already
you'd hope you have happiness well then
I will send you directly to heaven with
the mailbag so you can go to daily wire
calm right now subscribe annual
subscribers get a free copy of the
Arroyo fictional film about what's
happening down at the southern border
really good film about the crisis on the
southern border with drug cartels coming
across into Arizona and what one Rancher
does to stop it
daily wire.com is where you subscribe or
listen later at iTunes and SoundCloud by
the way we are now ranked overall in the
top 20 of all podcasts in the United
States not just political podcast in the
United States all podcasts in the United
States
I think we're ranked as high as 14 on
iTunes right now and climbing fast so
that's pretty pretty cool stuff we are
the largest conservative podcast in the
nation
you
