his name is Willie Jay Parker and he's
an OBGYN he's also the author of a new
book life's work all about the joy of
being an abortionist and now he's the
subject of a fawning New York Times
interview Parker used to oppose abortion
but now he's for it why the answer isn't
really clear but we're supposed to
sympathize with him because he clearly
wants to help women here is Parker's
explanation for his shift from pro-life
to pro-abortion quote I had come to a
crisis moment regarding a religious
understanding that left me unable to
help women when I felt deeply for their
situation I needed to convert from a
religious understanding that left me
paralyzed to act on my deepest sense of
connection to one that empowered me to
do what I felt to be the right thing in
other words leave God behind I have a
better system so go for it there's
actually kind of disgusting to compare
the ideological movement from not
killing babies to killing babies to a
religious conversion and the notion that
this guy felt bad because he couldn't
help women who wanted abortions and thus
abortion had to be correct that's a
license to come in all sorts of moral
atrocities you feel bad for the woman
whose husband's kind of a jerk so you go
and kill him but here's the amazing
thing
Parker admits this doctor admits that
abortion is a life-ending process he
says quote if I thought I was killing a
person I wouldn't do abortions a fetus
is not a person it is a human entity so
it's a quasi human which means that it
should have quasi human rights even by
that logic no not according to Parker he
thinks the lungs are not fully human by
his vague definition you have no rights
whatsoever and you can be killed for the
sake of convenience he says quote in the
moral scheme of things I don't hold
fetal life and the life of a woman
equally I value them both but in the
precedence of things when a woman comes
to me I find myself unable to demote her
aspirations because of the aspirations
that someone else has for the fetus that
she's carrying again this is pretty
gross he doesn't value them both if he
did he put some sort of conditions on
the termination of what he calls fetal
life instead he just says that a woman's
desire for a promotion at work outranks
some Outsiders aspirations for her fetus
but what about the fetuses aspirations
is the value of a baby's future truly
just subjective what if the baby's
already born the mother wants to kill it
shouldn't outsiders aspirations for the
baby now Trump the mother's desire or no
Parker talks about making abortion easy
for women using his rhetoric to in your
women to any sort of emotional struggle
he calls this creepily enough verba Cain
seriously he then says that elite white
women are responsible for people
worrying about abortion and that's you
guessed it race
here's what he says quote when women
acquiesce to a rule determined primarily
by their biology of reproduction even if
it's unconsciously they judge each other
for rejecting that primary identity so
if you think that the most essential
role for a woman is to procreate and
humanity doesn't go on unless you do
that then anything to interrupt that
process is to be counterintuitive or
immoral the biggest insult to the notion
there's such a thing as black that
there's such a thing as black genocide
as if the people who care about abortion
really care about black women and black
babies well people who don't want to
kill black babies in the womb care more
about black babies by definition than
dr. Parker but when you're talking with
the New York Times it's always
convenient to pull the race card it's
also worth noting here that women are
not acquiescing to some sort of
arbitrarily defined societal role when
they talk about the value of motherhood
this is called biology the perpetuation
of the human race occurs because women
get pregnant and have babies too see
this as some sort of curse rather than
the greatest blessing on the planet
makes you kind of a sick human being
Parker finally compares pro-lifers to
slavery slavers says people often
struggle with why I as a man and deeply
committed to feminism reproductive
justice and gender equality I come from
a heritage of people who know what it's
like to have your life controlled by
somebody else if truly if Parker really
wanted to talk about a working analogy
to slavery you should probably start
with what he does every day deny the
personhood of another human being for
convenience and profit and treat that
person instead as property to be
discarded if Parker is truly worried
about controlling the lives of others
perhaps you should stop ending them I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
okay so here we are we have a lot to get
to today where we have a chock-full
mailbag one gets all that plus is Trump
fighting with his own Supreme Court
nominee is Trump trying to use the power
of the White House to make people by
Ivanka Trump's stuff huh huh we'll get
to that in just one second but first we
have to say thank you to our advertisers
over at wink it's spelled winc this is
the line company we've talking been
talking to you about for a while you go
to their website over at tribe wing calm
try winc comm slash Ben and what they do
is they give you a sort of survey what
kinds of tastes you like what kind of
tastes you don't
and then they recommend wine for you so
if you know nothing about wine like me
and you want to get a great wine then
you go to try blink calm slash Ben and
then you go through the survey and they
provide you a recommendation for wine
that is top-notch everybody in the
office has had this wine this is why
they're drunk off their butts half the
time and they say that it is really
first-class wine it's also really really
affordable line and they send it
directly to you and you go to try wink
calm it's they used to be called Club W
now it's called wink so if you've tried
Club W know how that it is if not then
go to try wink calm winc dot-com slash
man by the way if you don't like the
bottle that they send you you can try it
and then you can toss it and they'll
send you another one if you if you don't
like the bottle and you think that it
didn't match what you're looking for so
it's a it's a pretty foolproof guarantee
they have 100% satisfaction guarantee
try wink calm slash Ben and you get $20
off if you use the slash Ben so make
sure you do that lets them know that we
sent you and also makes sure that you
get that $20 off which is a couple of
line bottles if you actually use that
credit so $20 off when you go to try
wink calm and slash Ben and they cover
they cover all of the shipping okay so
we begin today with Donald Trump and
it's not been a good 24 hours for
president Trump it hasn't and we'll get
to Elizabeth Warren and all of all of
the sexist nonsense coming out of the
media in just a second but it's it's
been a bad 24 hours for Trump because he
just can't control himself and you knew
sooner or later this was going to get
him in trouble turns out it sooner
rather than later
because at the beginning and concern of
mask is his personal deficiencies with
the fact that on policy Trump's been
pretty good right picks gore said she
puts out these executive orders that
conservatives like and you think okay
is it really that big a deal that he
mouths off a lot and to a certain extent
that's true and then you get a week like
this one where he really hasn't done
anything there haven't been any major
executive orders this week there haven't
been any major policy moves this week
it's basically just been Trump talking
and that's most weeks for the president
most weeks for the president are not
replete with action most weeks for the
president are not filled with executive
orders changing the nature of government
most weeks for the president are the
president going back and forth with
Congress in the judiciary and making
policy behind the scenes and talking a
lot and the talking part of the job is
actually kind of important unfortunately
this is the part that Trump is not that
good at so we start today with this
hubbub that is broken out over Nordstrom
so Nordstrom has decided they're no
longer gonna carry a falcon Trump's
clothing line I think this is a jerky
move I do I think it's a gross move I
think companies that are dumping Ivanka
Trump's clothing line are really kind of
gross I don't see why you wouldn't carry
a clothing line just because you don't
like the politics of a person's father
even if you don't like the politics of
the person I have kind of problems with
the idea that you're not gonna stock
their clothing line and Nordstrom said
that they made this decision based on
performance they said that the sales of
Ivanka Trump products slid in the last
half of the year that's certainly
possible it's possible a lot of people
started not buying Ivanka Trump stuff
because they didn't like Trump himself
if I own controls people say this is not
true and so they claim that this was
just discrimination basically so look
private businesses have the right to do
whatever they want to do with regards to
their business if Ivanka Trump's
products are great then other businesses
will stock them and they will sell and
it will be fine do I think Nordstrom is
being stupid about this yes so I think
t.j.maxx is being stupid t.j.maxx has
taken all the Ivanka Trump labels off of
the racks and they're now stocking
Ivanka Trump stuff kind of alongside all
their other stuff I think that's silly
do I think that it's ridiculous that
well what was it there's another one
it's some I'm very member that one of
these companies Neiman Marcus pulled the
Ivanka Trump jewelry so I think that's
ridiculous and silly yes I don't see
what buying a necklace has to do with
Ivanka Trump's maternity leave policy or
anything else that said Trump's reaction
is just brainless it's just brainless
Donald Trump goes on Twitter when he
starts tweeting about Nordstrom's now
it's not unprecedented for the president
to get angry at people for being mad at
his daughter right the people were
passing around a Harry Truman letter
where he went after a critic cuz
Margaret
and was a performer and somebody didn't
like one of her performances and so you
savaged the critic that's not quite the
same thing as what Trump is doing here
because here it actually has an impact
on a business he says my daughter Ivanka
has been treated so unfairly by
Nordstrom she is a great person always
pushing me to do the right thing
terrible exclamation point and then
which is odd the presidents of the
United States Twitter accounts actually
retweeted that so the feeling had been
Trump's personal Twitter account was
gonna be for trumpian nonsense and the
president account was gonna be for
presidential stuff and not anymore now
he's retweeting that sort of stuff that
was not great then it got worse a case
Sean Spicer comes out and Sean Spicer
starts ranting about Nordstrom so here
is secretary Spicer I think this was
less business and an attack on his
daughter he ran for president he won
he's leaving this country and I think
for people to take out their concern
about his actions or his executive
orders members of his family has every
right to stand up for his family and and
applaud their their their business
activities their success so look when it
comes to his family I think he's been
very clear how proud he is of what they
do and what they've accomplished and for
someone to take out their concern with
his policies on a family member of her
is it's just is not acceptable in the
president has every right as a father to
stand up for them okay he has every
right as a father to stand up for them
the question isn't as a father as a
father what he's doing is fine as a
president the question is do you have
the right to go out there and start
railing on companies because they're not
doing business with your daughter
anymore and it's not just that Kellyanne
Conway then goes on national television
this morning and she says openly I'm
gonna basically do an advertisement for
Ivanka Trump's product and she says go
by Ivanka Trump's stuff is what I would
tell you I hate shopping but I'm gonna
go get some for myself
today okay look there are plenty of us
out here who would say that Nordstrom is
doing the wrong thing there are plenty
of us out here who would say go buy
Ivanka's stuff I actually agree with
that go buy Ivanka stuff that's not the
point the point is this is not something
that the white house ought to be doing
because this is conflict of interest
you're not supposed to be using the
press secretary of the United States or
Kellyanne Conway the senior
communications advisor you're not
supposed to be using these people in
order to propagate
business for years for your daughter or
for your siblings or for yourself okay
this is self-dealing and it isn't good
under federal law she may violated
federal law under federal law federal
employees are not supposed to use public
office for endorsements of any
product/service or enterprise or for the
private gain of friends and relatives
okay none of this is any good if you
want Trump to be good if you want Trump
to have a successful presidency this
sort of nonsense has to stop and this is
not about railing on Trump this is not
about I don't like Trump this is about
no one should be doing this imagine for
a second that Hillary Clinton been
elected and she says and people said
we're not sending donations to Chelsea
anymore first of all the right would
cheer second of all if she then came out
and she said I want everyone in the
country to give money to my foundation
to Chelsea's foundation I think people
would be a little upset and they'd have
a right to be upset
in fact we spent most of the last
election cycle talking about conflicts
of interest between the Secretary of
State and the Clinton Foundation to
pretend that this doesn't exist when you
stick a tea by the name is just silly so
this is this is ridiculous and Trump
should have engaged himself in this but
that wasn't the only silly thing that
happened okay the other silly thing that
happened is the Neel Gorsuch who is the
the Trump's pick his excellent pick for
the Supreme Court which I have praised
up to Oz new at this point I think Trump
multiple times for it Gorsuch was asked
about Trump attacking the Seattle judge
this this district court judge in
Washington who put a stay on his on his
executive order and Gorsuch according to
multiple sources ranging from Richard
Blumenthal Democrat of Connecticut to
senator Ben Sasse of Nebraska who is a
Republican tore into Trump's attacks on
the judiciary so apparently Gorsuch said
that he didn't like what Trump was doing
this is what SAS told Morning Joe this
morning said judge Gorsuch and I
actually talked about that and frankly
he got pretty passionate about it I
asked him about the so-called judges
comment because we don't have so-called
judges or so-called presidents or
so-called senators and this is a guy who
kind of welled up with some energy and
he said any attack on any of I think his
terms amiibos brothers or sisters of the
robe is an attack on all judges
according to Blumenthal Gorsuch called
Trump's attacks disheartening and
demoralizing and then Kelly Ayotte who's
the spokesperson for Neil Gorsuch she
said he said that he finds any criticism
of a judge's integrity and independence
disheartening and demoralizing okay so
we now have three separate sources
including Gorsuch a spokesperson who
said that Gorsuch said he did
like Trump's attacks on the judiciary
and this is fully within character it's
fully within character for such Gorsuch
his first call after his nomination was
to me it was to the was to Merrick
garland the guy that Obama picked to
fill Scalia's seat because he has a lot
of respect for other members of the
judiciary which I think is probably a
good thing you want the judicial branch
to defend itself you want the executive
branch to defend itself conflict between
the branches is totally fine and yet
there's this whole contingent to people
who now say Gorsuch has to go terrible
well I don't even know what Gorsuch is
doing so Laura Ingraham who's just
become a joke of a human I mean Laura
Ingraham who is a very very smart human
being she clerked for Clarence Thomas
she knows better than this here's what
she tweeted out judge Gorsuch his
comments about Donald Trump's tweets are
concerning judge prior or Hardiman knows
better doesn't bode well doesn't bode
well I missed the part where there's a
provision in article 3 of the
Constitution that says they're not
allowed to disagree with the president
in fact it seems to me one of the chief
qualifications for being on the Supreme
Court is the capacity to disagree with
the president when you think that he's
wrong or violating his duty it's just
this is silly stuff it's silly stuff and
then Trump because he can't help himself
the problem is not the Trump attacks the
problem is Trump attacks like an idiot
so Trump Trump then goes on Twitter
and he starts tweeting Senator Richard
Blumenthal who never fought in Vietnam
when he said for years he had major ly
now represents what judge Gorsuch told
him Chris Cuomo in his interview with
senator Blumenthal never asked him about
his long-term lie about his brave
service in Vietnam all caps fake news so
number one Blumenthal what Blumenthal
said wasn't fake news is confirmed by
SAS and iaat both of whom were in the
room that has nothing to do with Trump
Trump was not there he doesn't know
second of all when Trump goes after he
went after a Chris Cuomo now listen I'm
normally fine with going after Chris
Cuomo I think Chris Cuomo has the IQ of
a kumquat but that doesn't change the
fact that Chris Cuomo did actually ask
Richard Blumenthal about the military
service lie in fact it was the very
first thing he asked him in the
interview so Trump is just making a fool
of himself and there's no reason for
this it's very frustrating if you want
the policy to be good and if you want
the policy to be followed up by
excellent rhetoric and verbiage and if
you don't want the policy undermined by
stupidity then you should be upset about
this
okay Trump needs to
do better he needs to do better and if
he doesn't do better he's gonna be
undermining his own cause we're gonna
talk a little bit more about all of that
plus the sort of trust me mentality and
we're gonna get to the mailbag we have
an epic mailbag today's you're gonna
want to stick around for that but first
we have to say thank you to one of our
advertisers over at Birch gold oh yes so
if you are interested in purchasing
precious metals if you are interested in
investing and diversifying into precious
metals Birch gold is the place for you
they belong standing record of continued
success they have thousands of satisfied
clients they have a bunch of five-star
ratings and an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau and right now they have
a 16 page kit a free kit they'll send
you revealing how gold and silver can
protect your savings and also how you
can move your money from your IRA or
401k out of stocks and into precious
metals IRA with no tax consequences so
you're gonna want to talk to them at
www.calculated.com/support
given all the talk about inflating the
currency might be a good idea at this
point you want to talk to my friends
over at Birch gold calm slash Ben so
final note before we before we have to
leave you on YouTube and Facebook all of
this is problem for Trump mainly because
a lot of what Trump is doing now is
reliant on they trust me phenomena and
they trust me philosophy this idea that
if we just trust him it'll be okay so
Sean Spicer was basically confronted at
the White House press conference with
the fact that Matt Drudge was saying
what do you guys doing about Obamacare
because the Republicans haven't touched
Obamacare yet and here was Sean Spicer's
response III think it's hardly stalling
I think it's a mammoth thing to repeal
and replace I think that there's no
question the President's commitment to
doing this you've heard speaker Ryan
talk about how we're gonna we should be
able to have this wrapped up by the end
of the year it's a big bill they got
jammed through and it and it was very
sweeping I will talk about one fifth of
our economy we can either do it quickly
as the Democrats did and end up with a
monstrosity
where premiums go up access is limited
or we can do it right and I think the
president while he wants to get this
done as soon as possible
and understand what's at stake he wants
to do it right he understands how
important
Chara's to American families and
individuals and so his goal is to get it
done right and have an outcome that
achieves the goals that it sets out to
do okay so all of that sounds fine but
it is really allowed trust me people are
happy to trust Trump if they feel like
he's in control if he's doing silly
things like fighting with his own
Supreme Court pick if he's doing silly
things like using the White House in
order to provoke remote Ivanka's
business it makes it harder to do the
trust me routine a little bit so we're
gonna need some more good policy in
order to balance out a lot of the bad
rhetoric this week this is not been a
good week for President Trump the last
two were good this one was not but we'll
get some more of that you'll have to go
over to Daley wire.com I want to talk
about the Democrats are doing because
that's fully insane plus we have the
mailbag coming up and you can be part of
the mailbag if you go to Daley wire comm
right now and subscribe $8 a month makes
you a subscriber right now if you want
an annual subscription you spend that at
same $8 a month and that will allow you
to get a free copy of this terrific DVD
of the Arroyo the Arroyo is a fantastic
movie about what's going on on our
southern border and why the immigration
problem is such a problem the illegal
immigration problem the drug cartels on
our southern border so go over to Daley
wire calm right now get that annual
subscription and again that gives you
all sorts of extra benefits I keep
promising the Shapiro store I do promise
it is coming and there will be good
stuff in it but you have to go over and
subscribe right now you are otherwise
just go over to iTunes SoundCloud you
can listen to the rest of us later and
give us a rating on iTunes because we
know that you love us we are the number
one conservative podcast in the nation
