um you've been saying a lot about how
again how like all these people are
claiming that they're victims
mm-hmm for you have a white male have
you ever tried putting yourself and
these people shoot or trying to look
from their family sure I mean that's but
I don't know what that means because
every individual has a different
standpoint Colin Powell's kid is not the
fellow who just spoke you know this idea
that the idea that you're said that you
know everyone when we say put yourself
in somebody else's shoes there's
actually a fascinating study about this
it says empathy is bad politics sympathy
is good politics empathy is bad politics
you know what I okay
so as far as discrimination I don't
claim victimhood status even though I
was the number one target of
anti-semitism on the internet last year
okay I'm not discriminated against in
the United States okay I'm very free
here I do really well as far as the idea
that the best way to do politics or the
best way to make public policy or the
best way to discuss politics in public
is to walk in someone else's shoes see
through somebody else's eyes that's true
at a very rudimentary level you try to
understand somebody's problems but the
idea that that is the basis for public
policy in law they say thing that
there's a phrase in law it's called hard
cases make bad law right the idea is
that if you have too much sympathy for
the person who's in front of you you end
up making bad overall decisions and
there been Studies on this about empathy
and politics empathy actually leads to
bad policy because you empathize while
you're empathizing for the person whose
shoes you're standing in you're
forgetting about the effects of the
public policy you're recommending on the
other million people the public policy
actually impacts and so you know if the
implication is that my perspective is
coming from a lack of empathy or a lack
of sympathy I utterly disagree I think
that my perspective is coming from the
ultimate sympathy which is I want to see
people succeed in the society and the
way to make people fail in the society
is by inculcating in them from the time
they're five but they are destined to
fail in a society that discriminates
against them
