shockwaves are spreading through the
anti-fascist movement at the discovery
that anti-fascist activists are in fact
fascists anti fileid earth ugly dirtbag
was the first to get the startling news
in a YouTube video released from an
undisclosed location he said quote there
I was minding my own business wearing a
balaclava while beating up a housewife
and a maggot when I caught sight of
myself in a store window and I was like
whoa who's the real fascist here a
peaceful woman I disagree with or the
masked stormtrooper beating her
unconscious I just slapped my forehead
and said oh I get it
the real fascist is me man you could
have knocked me over with a feather
I guess now I'll have to punch myself in
the face haha unquote
professor evil and screamy of NYU's
manipulative psychopathology department
spoke to reporters outside her room at
the home for the terminally misguided
professor screamy said quote all these
years I've been telling my students that
they were fascists infiltrating the
University and now it turns out I was
right there were and I was one of them
who could have seen that coming
it was like one second I was in a
classroom explaining how fascists
marshaled government violence to silence
their opposition and the next second I'm
standing out on the sidewalk shrieking
that the police should beat up a group
of peaceful Trump supporters well I just
slapped my forehead and I was like hey
kids look at the crazy fascist it's me
unquote by the way it was later revealed
that Miss screamy was not an NYU
professor but a lobster porn artist
whereupon NYU hired her to head up their
department of lobster porn news that
anti-fascist leftism is actually fascist
leftism has reached even the centers of
ideological corruption and distortion at
the New York Times a former newspaper
op-ed columnist googley hysteric told
PBS anchorwoman googly hysteric no
relation quote for a long time now I've
been labeling everyone who disagreed
with me as Hitler he's Hitler she's
Hitler everyone who's Hitler then
suddenly I'm in my shrinks office and
I'm ticking off the Hitler checklist on
my fingers saying he demonized his
opponents encouraged violence and his
adherence and supported policies that
would result in 6 million Jews being
killed and I was like wait a minute
that's me it was very liberating because
now I don't have to be afraid of Hitler
anymore
because he's just the friendly face in
the mirror unquote anti-fascist leaders
are now trying to adjust to the new
normal of being fascist leaders with
various strategies sources within the
movement told the Daily wire quote we
recently held a meeting and there were a
lot of different suggestions some people
wanted to simply drop the name an tyfa
and rename ourselves Fah some thought
maybe we should stop beating people up
and setting fires every time someone
disagreed with us one guy even suggested
we read the constitution and find out
what these conservatives are talking
about but of course when he said that we
beat him unconscious with batons and set
the room on fire
unquote trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
alright durairaj just one more week to
the Super Bowl oh wait I missed it oh no
what a great game and we have Heisman
trophy-winning
cultural correspondent Michael Knowles
is here three-time MVP Super Bowl MVP
himself will discuss the the insane ads
that were on the Super Bowl during one
of the greatest games ever played we'll
talk about a little bit more about the
game Knowles will be with us after the
break so if you're watching on Facebook
and YouTube prepare to come to the Daily
wire and shell out your 8 bucks to
subscribe for free you can just listen
to the show but you could watch the show
if you just shell out your lousy 8 bucks
now you may have noticed we had a little
glitch in the opening song and that's
because when we went out to hire people
here to start this show we just very
carefully stood by the freeway with a
hand lettered cardboard sign saying
would you like to put on a podcast but
you don't have to do that you can go to
zip recruiter calm and get actual
competent people who know what they're
doing you know now that America is gonna
be all good it's gonna be all great
again and stuff you're gonna be need to
hire people and posting your job in just
one place isn't enough to find quality
candidates if you want to find the
perfect hire you need to post your job
on all the top job sites and now you can
with zip recruiter you can jump-start
your hiring for 2017 and post your job
to 200 plus job sites including social
media networks like Facebook and Twitter
all with a single click you can find
candidates in any city or industry
nationwide just post once and watch your
qualified candidates roll in to zip
recruiters easy to use interface
there's no juggling emails or calls to
your office quickly screen the
candidates rate them and hire the right
person fast find out today why zip
recruiter has been used by over a
million businesses and I don't even know
why I read these ads when you can just
you know why do I have to convince you
when they're letting you try the thing
for free right now you my listeners can
post jobs on zip recruiter for free by
going to zip recruiter dot-com slash
daily wire that's zip recruiter dot-com
/ daily wire one more time to try for
free go to zip recruiter dot-com slash
daily wire do not let what has happened
to this
show happened to you workplace zip
recruiter comp what a game what a game I
mean that was one of the most
unbelievable Super Bowl games in history
Julian Edelman that cat that was a
historic catch I mean I've never seen
amazing catches but that was an historic
cat and it was very hard not to see
obviously everybody was yelling at Brady
for being a friend of trumps it was hard
not to see a sort of allegory of Trump's
election victory but it's for me the
reason I love the pay everyone hates the
Patriots the reason I love the Patriots
as they are America I mean you look at
Tom Brady and his wife for the Gisele is
that pronounced wife you know they're
they're beautiful they're unbeatable a
little bit corrupt you can't hate them
cuz they just keep winning and winning
they're like a metaphor for America I
mean that's what it was that was very it
was very uplifting to watch that happen
sorry about Atlanta I mean Tom Brady
ended last season deflating a couple of
footballs and ended this season
deflating an entire city so it was stuff
that Lana is a great great team and all
I could say when I was looking at their
faces that you know after that just
absolutely the billion loss was at least
you lost to the best in the business you
know so and we're gonna discuss the ads
but our Heisman trophy-winning
cultural correspondent Michael Knowles
we made him watch the ads in the
halftime show so I didn't have to do
basically I was too busy eating and but
we will discuss that in a little while
first we have to talk about Donald Trump
Donald Trump Putin his food in his mouth
before the Super Bowl
Bill O'Reilly had a did an interview
with the president and the president
said had this one moment that really did
start a lot of controversy he rose cut
number one do you respect Putin I do
respect him but why well I respect a lot
of people but that doesn't mean I'm
gonna get along with him he's a leader
of his country I say it's better to get
along with Russia than not and if Russia
helps us in the fight against Isis which
is a major fight and Islamic terrorism
all over the world right made you fight
that's a good thing
will I get along with them I have
no idea teller Putin's a killer a lot of
killers got a lot of killers well you
think our country's so innocent you
think our country's so innocent I don't
know of any government leaders that are
killers and take a look at what we've
done - we've made a lot of mistakes I've
been against the war in Iraq from the
beginning mistakes are different than a
lot of mistakes okay but a lot of people
were killed so a lot of pillars around
believe me okay so let me tell you why I
think this stinks why I don't think it
stinks as much as it might stink but why
I really do think it does represent a
problem for president the Donald you
know the real problem with this is the
the ignorance behind it see i think i
think what Trump is doing I really do
think what he's doing is you can't call
a man a killer and then sit down and
talk with him you know and I think if he
had said if he were a typical statesman
what he might have said was look I have
to sit down with this guy I'm gonna
leave the name-calling to you but I'm
gonna sit down with him and talk and it
would be a good thing if we can get
together let us start off on a good foot
the thing that really worries me when he
says stuff like this is that worries me
that he believes them here is senator
Ben Sasse who has just been an excellent
excellent spokesman for the conservative
point of view here is let's listen to
his response because it is a hundred
percent accurate let's be clear has the
u.s. ever made any mistakes of course is
the US at all like Putin's regime not at
all the u.s. affirms freedom of speech
Putin is no friend of relative freedom
of speech Putin is an enemy of freedom
of religion the u.s. celebrates freedom
of religion Putin is an enemy of the
Free Press the u.s. celebrates Free
Press
Putin is an enemy of political dissent
the u.s. celebrates political dissent
and the right for people to argue free
from violence about places where our
ideas are in conflict there is no moral
equivalency between the United States of
America the greatest freedom loving
nation in the history of the world and
the murderous thugs that are in putin's
defense of his cronyism you know this is
so true and it has been a problem for a
long time on both the left and the right
I mean I remember Clint Eastwood one of
my favorite filmmakers he made one of my
own books into a movie true crime you
know I
and he is a one of the great artists but
he made that movie about Ujima where he
showed Americans committing atrocities
killing prisoners and all this stuff as
if that were the same as the massive you
know program of atrocity that the
Japanese did during the war and and as
if we were fighting for the same things
is it you know it matters what you're
fighting for
and what Ben Sasse is pointing out is
that our country actually stands for
something that is good and Russia has
never stood for that ever it has never
stood for that ever so not only does
Putin you know poison his political
enemies with jamming radiation into them
so that they die a slow painful death
you know and I don't I don't see you
know Marco Rubio doing that to Nancy
Pelosi you know I know we may have
dreams but like that's what happens and
it's not what any of us really want to
happen you know that's not the country
we want to be living in and so that is
it's a real problem with Trump because
it suggests this ingests us that maybe
he really thinks that's true in the same
way when he attacked Ted Cruz's father
say you know you know what was he doing
with Lee Harvey Oswald cause he read
about it in that stupid paper what's the
name of that paper the New York not the
New York the is it the exact it's not
the Examiner what's the name of the
paper the the that's not the Inquisitor
it's the Enquirer got it it's a roomful
of people see if you go to zip recruiter
this doesn't happen is it the Enquirer
he thinks The Enquirer is a respectable
newspaper and I think that that is a
real problem now here's Mike Pence the
grown-up in the room he goes on he goes
on TV the morning interview shows and he
tries to clean it up this is cup number
6 I simply don't accept that there was
any moral equivalency in the president's
comments look President Trump
throughout his life his campaign and in
this administration has never hesitated
to be critical of government policies by
the United States in the past but there
was no moral equivalency what you heard
there was a determination to to to
attempt to deal with the world as it is
let's start afresh with Putin and to
start afresh with Russia
look we face very very
very serious dangers in the world but
that's the United States in many ways
has created a vacuum in the world as
we've backed away from the world stage
but what did the American people see is
President Trump
leaning into these relationships
bringing a healthy skepticism to all of
it particularly when it comes to Russia
but saying look but if we could have a
better relationship with Russia and with
Putin and not not getting not getting
lost in the usual debates but to say
we're going to take an honest effort at
mr. vice-president advance America's
interests in the peace and security of
the world so that's like pence and his
job as the Trump whisperer you know
Trump comes out and says this stuff and
then pence comes out and tells us what
he really meant you know and I and I do
have a feeling that that is to some
degree what Trump means I mean I do have
this feeling that Trump feels that there
is a relationship to be had I think he's
wrong about this by the way but you know
fair enough he's gonna try to have a
relationship with Putin and team up with
him to take on Isis he said this
repeatedly again and again and again and
you know he he is trying to set that up
so that when he sits down he won't be
sitting down with a guy that he's called
a murderer even though Putin is a
murderer that is what Putin is that's
what he does
but you know the moral equivalency is
it's nonsense it's slandering America
America has never been that country ever
and remember it's the left that is this
is the stock-in-trade of the left and
Donald Trump has always been a man of
the left he's always been a Democrat and
he's sucked up that stuff let's go back
you know last week I ended last week by
talking about seeing Donald Trump at the
National Prayer Breakfast and how out of
place he was and you know kind of a fish
out of water and how he made that
unfortunate comment about Arnold
Schwarzenegger which wasn't a bad
comment in itself it was merely the tone
of it but let's not forget what Obama
did at the National Prayer Breakfast I
think it was just last year when he said
this about he was talking about all the
violence that was being committed in the
name of Islam which he didn't mention I
know he did mention it this speech I'm
sorry he was talking about all the
violence that was being done in the name
of Islam and then he said this this is
cut 9 the profound good
the strength the tenacity the compassion
and love that can flow from all of our
faiths operating alongside those who
seek to hijack religious for their own
murderous ends the humanity's been
grappling with these questions
throughout human history unless we get
on our high horse and think this is
unique to some other place remember that
during the Crusades in the Inquisition
people committed terrible deeds in the
name of Christ in our home country
slavery and Jim Crow all too often was
justified in the name of Christ I mean
now listen Obama took a lot of flack for
that and he deserved it but he took it
from the rebel press he took it from us
the conservative press my only objection
look Obama deserve taking flak for those
stupid stupid comments of moral
equivalency of equivalent of making a
moral equivalency between America and
its Islamic enemies that's absurd he
deserved to take the flack Trump is
taking some flak for this he deserves it
too the only difference and I think it's
a difference worth noting is the tone of
hysteria that is what the press is doing
it is what the press is all about it is
creating this atmosphere of hysteria and
crisis I mean you read the front page of
the New York Times at this point it
looks like we're you know living in Nazi
Germany it really does you know I've got
to stop I'm gonna finish this thought on
the other side but I got to stop and say
goodbye to folks at Facebook and YouTube
come over to the Daily wire.com and you
can listen to the rest or subscribe and
you can watch it and also be in the
mailbag which is uncomfortable but you
get all your questions answered
