on Wednesday the New York Times issued
an editorial filled with impotent rage
and unexplored angst over president
Trump Supreme Court nomination of Judge
Nino Gorsuch of the 10th Circuit Court
of Appeals they called Gore's such as
seat a stolen seat since Republicans
refused to grant Democrats an up or down
vote on judge Merrick garland President
Obama's nominee to fill Antonin Scalia
see instead of recognizing that the
Constitution gives the Senate the
ability to determine whether to vote on
a given candidate or not
The Times suggested that Senate
Republicans quote took an empty Supreme
Court seat hostage inaccurate since
usually there's a ransom demand with a
hostage and Republicans didn't have one
then The Times characterized gore such a
man unanimously approved for the Tenth
Circuit by a Senate that included Barack
Obama and Joe Biden as extreme of course
here's the New York Times quote
President Obama had a great opportunity
to repair some of that damage by
nominating a moderate candidate for the
vacancy which was created when justice
Hanson Antonin Scalia died last February
instead he chose anneal Gorsuch a very
conservative judge from the Federal
Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit
whose jurisprudence and writing style
are often compared to those of Scalia
you mean Republicans appointed someone
like Scalia to fill his seat what horror
The Times acknowledged that normally
they'd have no leg to stand on with
regard to complaining about Gorsuch but
these they say are not normal times the
destructive lesson Senate Republicans
taught is that obstruction pays off yes
it does that's part of the
constitutional system and that's not
actually a problem the give-and-take the
grind and groan of politics that's how
the system is supposed to work if
Democrats don't like the outcome tough
The Times is actually upset that the
Supreme Court may no longer be a super
legislature of leftist rewriting the
Constitution to fit leftist ends here's
their real complaint quote if judge
Gorsuch is confirmed the court will once
again have a majority of justices
appointed by Republican presidents as it
has for nearly half a century for
starters that spells big trouble for
public sector unions and Environment
regulations and women's access to
contraception if Trump gets a chance to
name another justice the consequences
could be much more dire or maybe
Democrats could stop passing
unconstitutional laws and demanding that
the Supreme Court greenlight them but
that would be asking Democrats to you
know stop being Democrats perhaps the
most foolish suggestion from The Times
is the notion that Trump should actually
govern like Hillary Clinton after
beating her why because he refuses to
quote acknowledge his historic unpopular
and his nearly three million volt lost
to Hillary Clinton a wiser president
faced with such circumstances would
govern with humility and respect for the
views of all Americans unquote if the
situation were reversed as anyone think
the times would be calling for Hillary
to nominate a moderate or would be
pushing for a gung-ho revision of the
Constitution by judicial Fiat
proclaiming a win as a win look Trump
promised a textural list for the court
he won he fulfilled that promise the
Senate is doing its job The Times is
doing its job - whining endlessly an
incoherent fashion about losing I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show yes
what you're seeing is reality that's
right see a bet is a bet and when I make
bets with cultural correspondent Michael
Noel's about whether Donald Trump is
actually going to appoint a conservative
to the court and then I lose I fulfill
my end of the bed now
all I ask is that if I end up being
right when Trump does bad things then
other people recognize that's true but I
am honest I was wrong I was totally
wrong about this I said there was zero
chance that Trump would nominate a
textualist to the court because he
didn't really care about the court and
also because Mitch McConnell was not
going to invoke the nuclear option we'll
see about McConnell but I have never
been happier to be wrong Donald Trump's
pick of Neil Gorsuch is an excellent
excellent pick good for Donald Trump for
proving me wrong I hope he continues to
do so we'll get to all that in a second
first we say thank you to our sponsors
today over at blue apron so if you're
somebody who is interested in cooking
your own meals but you don't know what
recipes to use and you don't want to go
shopping for the ingredients that really
is the most time consuming part going to
the market and trying to find all the
fresh ingredients trying to figure out
what the recipe actually says blue apron
solves all of that for you so they have
a new recipe every single day and they
give you they actually send you the the
ingredients packaged for your house they
send you three free meals free right now
with free shipping if you go to blue
apron comm right now / Shapira blue
apron comm /a Pierrot it's less than ten
bucks per person per meal all of the
meals are cooked in less than 40 minutes
and it's flexible you can redo recipes
you like you can discard recipes that
you don't every one of them comes with a
step-by-step easy to follow a recipe
card and every ingredient is fresh a lot
of my friends are using blue apron they
all say that it's fantastic they say the
food that comes out is
great and it all tastes fresh and you
can also tailor the recipes to your own
liking because they send you the recipe
but it's your kitchen so you can do what
you want blue apron is a better way to
cook again it saves you the trouble of
the chopping and the figuring out of the
recipes and everything is super fresh
and right now blue apron calm slash
Shapiro's blue apron calm / appear OU's
/ appear oh so they know that we sent
you plus if you do you've got three
meals free right now and they're their
meal list is really terrific I mean the
their upcoming meals the mushroom and
chipotle pepper enchilada with lime and
sour cream it's like gourmet stuff and
you can make it in your own kitchen
really first-rate
according to everybody I know who uses
it and it's taking over LA so check it
out blue aprons comm slash Shapiro okay
so the big news of the day of course is
that Donald Trump fulfills his promise
and as I said and I will repeat
I got it wrong and I am very very happy
that I got it wrong I said right after
Trump was elected that I was that I
would be more than overjoyed if Trump
would prove me wrong on things and this
is something he proved me wrong about he
went out then he picked an extra leg in
actual textual lists and so in honor of
Michael Mills defeating me in a bet
instead of firing him which I actually
do technically have the power to do I
decided to fulfill my end of the bet
also I know that he was he was
celebrating a Donald Trump executive
order that apparently came down last
night that yeah so I'm not gonna pay up
on all our bets
that's this so he can just forget about
that that's not gonna happen
for those who are listening this later
it's Donald from signing the executive
order that says I'm going to pay Michael
Noel's $800 or $400 that's that's not
happening again he should just be happy
that he escaped firing for for being
correct on this in any case we'll start
with with with judge Gorsuch so judge
Donald Trump comes out and let
yesterday's a whole bunch of hubbub
because it comes down to Thomas Hardiman
from the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals
versus judge Neal Gorsuch or Hardman's
from the Seventh Circuit I believe and
Gorsuch is from the 10th Circuit Court
of Appeals and so Hartman has no record
there's no long-standing kind of
judicial philosophy you can attribute to
Hartman and Hartman is recommended by
Trump sisters so all of the signs
therefore point to Hardiman instead he
picks score such very very smart move
smart move for a number of reasons
it's very smart because it Shores up his
base yeah trump's had a chaotic first
ten days to say the least and this
Shores up his base I would not be
surprised if in the next couple of weeks
Donald Trump starts to push something
like a trillion dollar infrastructure
package saying look I gave you your
judge now give me my infrastructure
package that would be the smart
political move if he wants to
triangulate so just pointing that out
now but you got to be overjoyed if
you're a conservative about Judge
Gorsuch now I want to get one other
thing out of the way here and that is
everybody is already breaking out the
chisels for Rushmore for Trump because
of all of this listen a great thing is a
great thing I'm wearing the freaking hat
what do you want from me okay it's it's
it's terrific
you know good things happen and that's
that's fantastic and good for Trump
again for the ninth time already in the
first four minutes of the program I was
wrong about this so good for none'll
Trump now there's a player on the
Colorado Rockies last year and it was
Trevor story in the first three games he
had home runs did he finish with 162
home runs
okay this is one of the mistakes people
make in evaluating sports somebody goes
on a hot streak and the idea is they're
never going to miss again listen I'm
happy to evaluate Donald Trump in two
years and determine whether his
presidency is a success or a failure
in the first ten days so far it's a wild
success obviously
okay so we'll determine in two years
whether it is an overall success or
failure at that point then you will get
an ultimate I was wrong from me if I was
wrong but I'm not gonna say that yet
because we're ten days in for God's sake
okay Trevor story is not Babe Ruth he
finished the season with 27 home runs he
did not finish with 162 home runs but
when a good thing happens a good thing
happens okay so here is done so Donald
Trump does leading up to this a lot of
people think he is going to do which is
he brings in Hardeman and then he brings
in Gorsuch and then they think there's
gonna be an actual rose ceremony and so
the media is all abuzz with this and
then it turns out that Trump actually
does something great not just picking
Gorsuch doing it in a dignified way so
he has the ceremony last night where he
hands the Rose two Gorsuch basically but
it's really dignified it's really
low-key he does it professionally here's
Donald Trump introducing judge Gorsuch
when Justice Scalia passed away suddenly
less February I made a promise to the
American people if I were elected
president I would find the very best
judge in the country for the Supreme
Court I promise to select someone who
our laws and is representative of our
Constitution and who loves our
Constitution and someone who won't err
prett them has written ok I don't know
whose writing is stuff for him but it's
great ok this is all terrific and again
so I think that Trump deeply cares about
this stuff no but I don't care whether
he cares about the stuff since all I
care about is the result right I don't
care about what is thinking processes
the result is great and the result is
judge Gorsuch so Gorsuch then comes to
the stage and here's what Gorsuch has to
say about the constitution standing here
in a house of history and acutely aware
of my own imperfections I pledge that if
I am confirmed I will do all my powers
permit to be a faithful servant of the
Constitution laws of this great country
ok and then he continues along those
lines by saying he talks about Justice
Scalia who he was friends with he said
that he cried when Scalia died here's
what he said about Justice Scalia the
towering judges that have served in this
particular seat of the Supreme Court
including Antonin Scalia and Robert
Jackson are much in my mind at this
moment Justice Scalia was a lion of the
law and he went on to talk about all the
things he liked about Justice Scalia now
here's what you need to know about glory
such so the reason I'm excited about
Korra section and I have actually do
have a good track record as far as
picking Supreme Court judges I'm the
only person that I know who came out
against Justice Roberts because I said
that Roberts didn't have enough of a
record I liked Gorsuch I think Gorsuch
is gonna be very much like Alito he'll
actually be to the right of Alito and
the reason I say this is because from
what we can tell from what we can tell
based on the best available evidence
this is a guy who actually has a
coherent judicial philosophy and his
judicial philosophy is that you ought to
read the Constitution as it was meant
when it was written
that's his philosophy which is Scalia's
philosophy as well so he's great on a
lot of issues so he ruled that Obama
care could not stamp on the on the
Little Sisters of the Poor for example
he was on the court that ruled that the
appeals court that ruled that here's
what he wrote in that case quote all of
us face the problem of complicity all of
us must answer for ourselves whether and
to what degree we are willing to be
involved in the wrongdoing of others for
some religion provides an essential
source of guidance both about what
constitutes wrongful conduct and the
degree to which those
assist others in committing wrongful
conduct themselves bare moral
culpability this statute violates their
faith representing a degree of
complicity their religion disallows he's
also ruled that the Ten Commandments is
not establishment of religion in
violation of the Constitution when put
in public places which is obvious he
stood in favor of the constitutionality
of the death penalty he's ruled in favor
of strengthened Second Amendment rights
and here's what he wrote in 2005 at
National Review quote American liberals
have become addicted to the courtroom
relying on judges and lawyers rather
than elected leaders in the ballot box
as the primary means of affecting their
social agenda on everything from gay
marriage to assisted suicide to the use
of vouchers for private school education
this overweening addiction to the
courtroom as the place to debate social
policy is bad for the country and bad
for the judiciary Gorsuch has said in
the lecture just last April that
Scalia's career reminds us of the
difference between judges and
legislators he says judges should not be
looking to appeal to their own moral
convictions but instead should apply the
law as it is focusing backward not
forward that's important because very
often you see people on the left of the
court say that the law is designed to
allow judges to look forward he's saying
we have to focus backward not forward
looking to the text structure and
history to decide what a reasonable
reader at the time of the events in
question would have understood the law
to be not to decide cases based on their
own moral convictions or the policy
consequences they believe might serve
society best that's a pretty hard slap
in that lecture at Justice Roberts who
rewrote the law in Obamacare in order to
achieve a result that he thought was
best in one area I actually gorse which
is better than Scalia he's not as good a
writer as Scalia's cuz Scalia is one of
the great judicial writers of all time
but in one area he's better and that's
what they call Chevron deference so
Chevron deference is a case from 1984 I
believe he's called Chevron and basic
case was that there is an environmental
regulation that was interpreted by the
EPA in a certain way and people sued and
they said the EPA is interpreting this
law wrong and the EPA judged that those
people were wrong so these people went
to court and they sued the the EPA and
the EPA said listen we're the ones
tasked with interpreting the law our
interpretation is reasonable you don't
get to review our interpretation of the
law because our interpretation is
reasonable and the court said okay
Gorsuch does something different he says
no that that allows for impermissible
abdication of duty by Congress
because of Congress were to send a lot
of the EPA saying we want you to
interpret all environmental policy that
doesn't now mean that the EPA gets to be
its own legislature its Congress's job
to pass laws it's the executives branch
to implement them if the executive
branch implements them in ways that are
not according to what a reasonable
definition of the statute would be then
the jury she did judiciary can you did
you the share can overrule them if they
don't put the most reasonable
interpretation the judiciary can
overrule them in 2016 he said quote that
the chevron rule excuse me
permits executive Brewer aqua seas to
swallow huge amounts of core judicial
and legislative power and concentrate
federal power in a way that seems more
than a little difficult to square with
the constitution of the framers design
he's also a federalist he's big fan of
states rights so Gorsuch is a terrific
fact there is there I don't see any
particular red flags for Gore such as
opposed to a lot of the the other judges
who have been named even prior had some
red flags I think or such as a cleaner
record but we'll see you know in the
hearings it may be that red flag will
crop up but I don't see anything wrong
with gore such good for Donald Trump
good for Donald Trump good for Donald
Trump this is a home run pic for Donald
Trump I'm not sure that he could have
done any better and he again he comes to
conclusions Gorsuch does based on the
law and not based on what he would want
the law to be which sometimes means the
Conservatives aren't gonna like the
outcome but that's not what the Supreme
Court is for the Supreme Court is not
just to get a conservative outcome it's
to get a constitutional outcome he's he
voted the right way on Hobby Lobby most
important for for Trump's purposes he
was easily confirmed in 2006 he was
confirmed unanimously they didn't even
take roll call vote they took a voice
vote on Gorsuch which means Obama voted
for him Biden voted for him they all
voted for him okay we have to pause and
say thank you to another one of our
advertisers so if you love podcast and
you're interested in listening to
fictional podcasts that which are great
I like and I enjoy the entertainment
podcast side of the of the Internet as
well there's a great one from wandering
called secrets crimes and audio tapes
it's a wonder you can get the stitcher
the laundry app on Android wherever you
listen to podcasts its secrets crimes
and audiotape on iTunes so every week
they they drop a new episode and they do
a whole series of audio dramas so right
they're doing one by Margaret Atwood
called The Handmaid's Tale which is
about this dystopian future where the
government of the United States has been
overthrown and replaced with this this
tyranny and the tyranny has some
implications particularly for women The
Handmaid's Tale it's it's worth
listening to and and it's certainly
politically it's certainly political
hot-button issue
story I'll have to critique it at some
point the actual Handmaid's Tale from
Margaret Atwood but they do a beautiful
job of really producing it and making it
sound professional and making it
entertaining and awesome so it's it's
been right now
it's called The Handmaid's Tale as
that's the story they're doing but the
actual podcast which then they changed
the story every few weeks the actual
podcast is secrets crimes and audio
tapes make sure you go to subscribe
right now wherever you listen to podcast
secrets crimes and audio tapes go check
it out right now okay
so Republicans naturally are responding
to all of this with with great
excitement as well they should so Ted
Cruz comes out he says Neil Gorsuch is a
home run he's absolutely right and
tonight President Trump honored that
commitment he followed through on the
commitment he made I think George gorsek
is a home run he has a decade of proven
experience on the court of appeals being
faithful to the Constitution following
the law protecting the Bill of Rights
and our fundamental liberties and I
think that record will yield a swift
confirmation in the United States Senate
and we'll find out about the swift
confirmation but to talk about what the
Democrats are gonna do about this you're
gonna have to go over to Daley wire calm
right now and subscribe and if you want
to watch the rest of this episode with
me being humiliated by wearing the mag
Ahad then you're gonna have to go over
and subscribe right now eight dollars a
month will get you that will get you the
pleasure of my pain and you can also get
the annual subscription right now you
get a free copy signed copy of my book
true allegiance and you can go over and
check it out right now or you can listen
later at iTunes and SoundCloud and then
check it out there we are the largest
conservative podcast in the United
States
you
