ashlee fetters of GQ magazine wants to
thank President Barack Obama on
Wednesday she specifically expressed her
gratitude to Obama for giving her the
best sex of her life in a column titled
thanks Obama for four years of glorious
worry-free sex she praised Obama for
ending her fears of accidental pregnancy
here is her basic take quote look I
don't have to tell you how quickly the
fear of accidentally accidentally
getting someone pregnant can kill your
sex drive but you know who's been out
there for the last eight years
tirelessly waging a war on his horrible
boner killing feeling of dread President
Obama if you've had sex with a woman in
the last four years and found the
encounter totally gloriously unplayed
BionX t' about the risk of surprise
fatherhood you probably Oh Barry Oh a
moment of gratitude see all era
sponsible people who somehow disconnect
sex with the risk of pregnancy could
have their biologically-based viewers
alleviated by simply tipping their hats
so to speak to the man who could cure it
all Barack Obama
what gave Obama this godlike power well
he wanted everyone else to pay for your
contraceptives says Fedders quote as a
result the second term of Obama's
presidency and the year 2016 in
particular is already being called a
golden age of birth control team Obama
also gifted you a golden era of fun
low-risk banging with your wife your
girlfriend or the friendly gal who was
nice enough to accompany you home from
the bar because surprise turns out we're
all more fun to have sex with when we're
not preoccupied with the worry of not
accidentally creating babies actually it
turns out speaking from personal
experience sex is actually kind of fun
even when you're trying to have babies
and it's not actually up to the
taxpayers to guarantee your level of fun
if you can only feel orgasmic if you're
not worried about baby-making here's a
suggestion pay for your own
contraceptives it turns out society
doesn't have much fun and much of an
interest in upping your game
plus it turns out contraceptives don't
actually protect you from the other
risks associated with picking up randos
and bars for a quickie according to the
CDC STD raise rates are rising again
now some stats despite Obama's massive
coverage plan nearly half of all
pregnancies in 2011 were unintended the
rate of accidental pregnancy among poor
women was a hundred and twelve per 1000
quintupled the rate among middle class
women the accidental pregnancy rate
among black women was 79 per 1000 yes
accidental accidental pregnancy declined
generally in slight fashion and among
poor women more substantially under
Bhama but accidental pregnancy among
poor woman remains sky-high compared to
the rest of the population which
suggests that perhaps the big problem
here is not access to contraceptives but
personal sexual choices and the
accidental pregnancy rate should be
noted has been dropping steadily since
the 1980s though it did accelerate that
drop under President Obama but there's
another issue here - who in the world
declared that people have a right quota
to have sex enthusiastically and
fearlessly
without concern about consequences on
the taxpayer dime it turns out sex often
has consequences
but those consequences can be mitigated
by a bit of personal responsibility we
are all capable of not putting that
there without that thing on it
contraceptives are cheap they are widely
available and believe it or not human
beings are not animals who must have sex
right now this very minute
rather than using some self-restraint
but according to federal and much and
left without Obama we'd all be knocking
each other up at insane rates here's
what she says quote in other words some
55 million American women may have to
start choosing again between low-risk
sex with men and all the other myriad
out-of-pocket expenses of adult life
anxiety free sex or dinner on the table
anxiety free sex or the rent for many
women these could soon become everyday
trade-offs seriously really the average
rent in the United States as of 2013 was
about 1,200 bucks per month let's assume
the average woman in the United States
has sex a couple of times per week
that's probably on the upper end or
eight times per month you can currently
buy a thirty six pack of Trojans on
Amazon for under 14 bucks so a full year
of contraception even if you're using
Trojans during the non-fertile period
would be approximately 42 dollars
realistically speaking very few
Americans are choosing between rent 1200
bucks a month and condoms under forty
cents a pop but when you worship
government you have to praise your God
for his benevolence and that means
bowing before the big man who ensures
you never have to worry about being
punished with the Bible i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
all righty so we are going to get to
people trying to burn themselves to
death because Trump is going to be
inaugurated we will be getting to
Vladimir Putin doing his best Donald
Trump impersonation really and all sorts
of other goodies but first we have to
say thank you to our friends over at
track our tracker is the this device
that allows you to keep track of all the
things that you lose the coin size
device that locates misplaced keys and
wallets and bags and computers anything
in seconds you parents your smartphone
you attach it to anything and you can
find a precise location with the tap and
button also if you attach it to your
phone there's something in the tracker
that allows it to actually override your
silent the silent setting on your phone
so if you call your phone from another
phone it'll ring through if you call and
the tracker is on the phone which is
super cool that's great for me because
my wife loses her phone literally every
day the tracker has been one of the
handiest devices that we have and it has
it has saved our marriage because
there's nothing more irritating to me
than spending 45 minutes looking around
for her phone before she discovers it's
exactly where she left it in her purse
tracker solves that problem in about 10
seconds and right now if you listen to
the show you get a free tracker Bravo
with any order you go to tracker comm
the tracker comm th e tracker comm you
had her promo code then and if you get
that if you do that you get a free track
or Bravo with any order again it makes
losing things
something you don't have to worry about
anymore the tracker comm enter promo
code Ben that shows that we sent you and
also it means that that you're never
going to lose anything ever again the
tracker comm slash bed and get that free
tracker Bravo with with your purchase
over at the tracker comm okay so the
Democrats are preparing for this
inauguration and the wailing and the
gnashing of teeth is a sight to behold I
mean it is utter madness dude actually
tried to set himself on fire apparently
in front of Trump Tower the other day
but being a Democrat he even failed at
this so here is the dude setting himself
on fire
further light myself on fire protests as
an act of protest a protesting one -
protesting the fact that we've elected
somebody who's completely incapable of
respecting okay so you have to give it
to the protesters of Vietnam in Vietnam
particularly they actually set
themselves on fire successfully this
dude couldn't even set himself on fire
successfully so Darwin nearly
accomplished his mission but apparently
when you're too stupid to actually set
yourself on fire successfully you tell
them take yourself out of the gene pool
so this dude tried to set himself on
fire but being a good leftist is
incapable of actually immersing himself
in fire he's of self-immolating his self
immolation was as much of a failure as
Hillary's campaign so well done there
sir other lefties who are very upset
Snoop Dogg is very upset that he may not
be invited to the White House to toke
and so he is he's threatening any black
performer who performs at the
inauguration he's saying that he will
bring the the vast wealth of his rage
down upon their Bonita deads here is
Snoop Dogg one of our great cultural
icons speaking about what he's going to
do to stop the Trump inauguration which
one of you won't be the first one to do
it
oh wait I'm gross that one of you Uncle
Tom he's gonna perform for him so not
nothing says racial unity quite like
calling people who want to give Trump a
chance and Uncle Tom and really I mean I
can see why Barack Obama invited Snoop
Dogg to the White House so many times he
did it sniff dogs to the White House
multiple times but I guess that means
that that Snoop Dogg is now a political
commentator I'd like to see mark Lamont
Hill and Michael Eric Dyson talk about
why Snoop Dogg should shut up about
politics since clearly he doesn't know
anything or if they only reserved their
ire and scorn for Steve Harvey and Jim
Brown meanwhile actual top-level
Democrats continue to say that they're
not gonna legitimate the trump
presidency they're very very upset about
the Trump presidency w Wasserman Schultz
she says that she won't say the Trump
legitimate president do you believe
Trump is a legitimate president what I
believe is that there's no question that
the outcome of this election was
affected by the Russian interference
with the campaign do you is he a
legitimate president then or not I mean
is there is there a distinction between
those two things in your mind I am NOT
going to use I'm not going to weigh in
on the application of the term
legitimate or not and if someone is
qualified to weigh in on whether
something is legitimate it is certainly
the woman who helped rig the primaries
against Bernie Sanders in favor of
Hillary Clinton and then had to resign
her post as head of the DNC because of
it she clearly has a leg to stand on
talking about legitimacy she's not the
only one
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer
from New York he says that he respects
all of the inauguration boycotters
because hey Trump isn't really a
legitimate so I respect where they're
coming from I mean I think each person
has to make his or her choice choice on
his own but I don't begrudge those who
have said they're gonna break up but you
are interested Democrats to a time of
each person make his or her own decision
again he says that he evens his you know
order Senate Democrats they go to the
inauguration but none of the senators
are actually boycotting because a lot of
them are vulnerable and the last thing
they want to do is tick off those voters
in the middle so there is Chuck Schumer
saying that this is illegitimate so the
Democrats have built up its entire big
narrative about how this election was
illegitimate because of Russian hacking
because of WikiLeaks sponsored by Russia
hacking the DNC and hacking John Podesta
Z mails and therefore this election is
illegitimate and Trump's an illegitimate
president well along comes Barack Obama
Barack Obama has because he's actually
capable set his own party on fire
unlike self-immolation guy who couldn't
even set himself on fire successfully
Barack Obama didn't try to set himself
on fire he said all the other Democrats
on fire destroyed them down ballot
destroyed them in the house destroyed
them in the Senate 241 members of the
Republican House 52 members of the
Republicans and 32 governorships owned
by Republicans Barack Obama lost
Democrats a thousand seats across the
country and on his way out the door he
wants to torch their only narrative too
so their narrative right now is that
Trump is totally illegitimate because
the Russians hats the election so
WikiLeaks are bad right I mean this is
what we've been hearing for the past few
months WikiLeaks are just the worst
thing in the world according to the
left WikiLeaks are now terrible because
WikiLeaks impact the election and
WikiLeaks are working hand in glove with
the Russians to help Donald Trump
so Barack Obama he comes along and his
last move in office hopefully it'll be
one of his last moves in office because
he still has 48 hours to screw things up
some more his last move is that he
pardons or doesn't party commutes the
sentence for Chelsea Manning who is the
traitor who hands it a lot of the
original information to WikiLeaks
including the names of American soldiers
including confidential information about
American ops that put American lives in
harm's way including information that
Osama bin Laden himself said he found
valuable Chelsea Manning who was then
private first class Bradley Manning gave
all this information to WikiLeaks and
Barack Obama was the guy who was
actually in office when Bradley Manning
was put in jail then of course Bradley
Manning decides that Bradley Manning is
transgender Bradley Manning believes
that he's a woman now and so he calls
himself Chelsea Manning so I call him
Chelsea Manning now because it is
possible in America and everywhere else
to change your name and it's not
possible to change your sex so he's a
man and his name is Chelsea Manning if
he wants to be called Chelsea Manning
just like Caitlyn Jenner is a man who
calls himself Caitlyn Jenner so just to
put the transgender stuff to the side
for a second here is the problem for
Barack Obama so the entire left has now
made this case that WikiLeaks is the
worst thing that ever was in the history
of mankind it's terrible terrible
terrible terrible they impacted the
election they've destroyed everything
and then along comes Obama and he says
oh yeah the WikiLeaks guy you know one
who's in jail and endangered American
national security and put American
soldiers in harm's way yeah I'm gonna
let him out so WikiLeaks is okay as long
as it endangers American soldiers but
it's not okay when they're hacking John
Podesta emails about spirit dinners
about spirit cooking right that's when
WikiLeaks becomes bad it exposes the
entire Democratic routine about how
terrible WikiLeaks is when he's
releasing the WikiLeaks guy he's
releasing one of the lead wiki leaks and
his excuse for doing so is really
ridiculous he says Manning is is it
feels bad about what Manning did which
is insane watch how long that lasts and
two seconds Manning will be hired by New
York University probably to lecture
about terrorism and war they'll become a
professor that's an end talk of LV Bill
Ayers right this is not a situation
where Chelsea
is somehow really really sorry about
what Chelsea Manning did here that's
that's ridiculous they also said that
Chelsea Manning had served part of his
sentence it was 35 year sentence he
served seven years but really what this
was about in large part was the fact
that Chelsea Manning was transgender so
the left values transgender politics
above all else LGBT politics matter more
than anything else it's a it's literally
a get-out-of-jail-free card in this
particular scenario so Chelsea Manning
has had some hormone treatments I don't
believe Chelsea Manning has had the snip
snip but I think Chelsea Manning's had
the hormone treatment and that means the
Chelsea Manning must be let out of
prison less Chelsea Manning be in a
men's prison and be a man who thinks
he's a woman them that would be
absolutely terrible so the left ones to
let Chelsea Manning out of prison and
this of course undercuts the entire
Democratic case they're saying Trump's
illegitimate because of WikiLeaks but
WikiLeaks is so not a problem that we
can release the WikiLeaks guy it shows
the hypocrisy on the part of the left
now there's hypocrisy on the right too
so the right has determined that Julian
Assange is a hero now Sean Hannity wants
Julian Assange pardoned Sean Hannity
thinks Julian Assange is wonderful now
so is Sean Hannity all that mad about
Chelsea Manning being let out of prison
is Sean Hannity and what excuse does he
have if he is angry the Chelsea Manning
was let out so it's okay when people are
hacking American institutions like the
DNC but bad when they're revealing
secrets about the army is that the way
this works there's a lot to toss over
here and then we have to get to what
what it's Barack Obama's actual true
motive in all of this and we'll get to
that in just a second but first we have
to say thank you
to another one of our advertisers this
of course is ring and so if you I've
talked about the ring of security kit
and what ring does for me we use ring at
home all the time we have this put on
our front gate and it's fantastic it
means that we can always check to see
who's dropping off a package we are we
have consistent security concerns and
we've had a lot of death threats and
ring helps us deal with that because a
lot of the people who are who are there
to burglarize the house or who are there
to to do something nefarious the first
of all there's a camera on the property
a second of all a lot of them ring the
doorbell to see whether you're home or
not and what ring does it rings to your
phone so you can act like your home or
you can see who's there you have an eye
on your property at all times they also
have an advanced motion detection
technology that comes with the ring of
security kit and it includes a ring
video doorbell for the front door and a
ring stick up cam and
wireless weatherproof HD camera which
keeps an eye on other parts of your
property as I say you know I have a wife
and two kids under three at home and so
I'm vastly interested in security ring
helps me feel secure I've bought extra
ring products for my house because I
think that ring is such a good product
go-to rings comm slash Bennett right now
and if you do you get a hundred and
fifty bucks off your kit which is a
pretty good deal
ring comm slash pen for a hundred and
fifty bucks off your kit it helps
prevent home burglaries it helps ensure
that your property is safe at all times
you can always keep an eye on who's
there
rings comm / pen for 150 bucks off your
security kit and to thank them for
sponsoring our show okay so I want to
get to President Obama's actual motive
in all of this what does Obama want from
the Chelsea Manning pardon so I think
that Barack Obama is vastly interested
in just undermining the national defense
of the country I really think that
President Obama does not believe that
the national defense of the country is
as important as the social justice that
he pursues this is why he's used the
Department of Defense as a sort of
testing ground for various social
justice theories I'm getting all sorts
of emails by the way from from soldiers
in the last couple of days who are
saying that they're being there they're
being trained on this new transgender
policy put in by President Obama and it
basically says that soldiers have no
right to privacy that now if you have a
man who's in the female bathroom that
all the women just have to deal with it
okay this is Barack Obama not attempting
to make the military stronger it's
Barack Obama attempting to use the
military as a sort of laboratory
experiment for his politics and he's
done this throughout he doesn't care if
he in dangers the national security of
the United States by sending terrorists
abroad and shutting down Gitmo he
doesn't care if he endangers the
national security of our allies in fact
one of the other people that Obama
pardoned yesterday one of the people
Obama pardoned yesterday was this
general Cartwright who helped leak to
the New York Times all the information
about the Stuxnet virus that Israel in
the United States cooperated on in order
to hamper the Iranian nuclear program
Obama pardoned that guy why because
Obama hates his role and he likes Iran
he thinks Iran should be a regional
power
so presidents about this all part and
parcel of Obama's dual goal here which
is social justice warrior stuff with the
army which is which makes them the
happiest I mean if the social justice
warriors can take over that repository
of machismo and militarism the US
military then they can take over
anything until Bhama takes a little
but a Glee in doing that beyond that
President Obama really doesn't care much
about the safety and security of the
country he thinks that safety and
security of the country is achieved
through softness he thinks it's achieved
through kindness and generosity that
it's not achieved through by being the
scariest guy on the block which of
course is idiotic but the left is
beginning to realize that what Obama
just it really hurts left Jake Tapper
over on CNN he says this Manning
commutation it really destroys President
Obama's entire line that he cares about
leaks and it also destroys the entire
Democratic line the day care about leaks
commuting the sentence of one of the
most notoriously kurz you could argue
that Chelsea Manning did it for a good
reason to expose war crimes or whatever
your case you want to make but but it
certainly contradicts the last eight
years of policy in terms of leaking and
it absolutely does of course he's not
the only one saying this is Bob Menendez
Democrat of New Jersey he's puzzled by
this too he says I'm not sure what
message this is supposed to send a
WikiLeaks we're trying to police
WikiLeaks and here you are releasing the
wiki leader what Russia did as it
relates to our recent elections and the
role that WikiLeaks and the different
iteration has played in that regard I'm
not sure what type of message we send
here and so I'm really surprised that
the president took action and not have
concerns about what message we send
about ultimately revealing a sensitive
national security documents again the
Democrats don't know what to do with
President Obama and he doesn't care
about them he only cares about his own
legacy he pleased the far left at CNN's
Jeff Zeleny said he said it's almost
impossible to imagine this commutation
happens in the first place if Chelsea
Manning is just a dude and doesn't and
doesn't believe he's a woman
you have to wonder if the outcome would
be the same I transitioned exactly the
energy transition from a man to a woman
I think that certainly played into this
without that it's hard to imagine I
think this president would have done
that
so OJ Simpson is busily attempting to
cut off his own dinghy right now so that
he can earn a commutation from President
Obama at the last minute if only Julian
Assange had decided that he was a woman
and gotten some boob implants then maybe
President Obama would consider letting
him off the hook as well we have to
break here at Facebook and YouTube but
we have much more coming up about the
inauguration we have a lot more coming
up about Vladimir Putin and about
illusion 'old emma-crats and a pretty
epic things i hate today
so we'll have to go to daily wired.com
to check that or to listen later on
iTunes and SoundCloud subscribe at
iTunes
and review us at iTunes we know you love
us and make sure that you send her of a
5 star review and over at iTunes if
you're a fan daily wire.com is where you
subscribe $8 a month and for that $8 a
month you not only get to see the rest
of the show live right now right this
instant have to wait for us to post it
later you also get to be part of the
mailbag tomorrow you also get a free
signed copy of my book true allegiance
and we have some more goodies that are
coming out the Shapiro store is going to
be opening in just the next couple of
weeks and we have other benefits that
are coming as well I gets the Andrew
clavin's show live in color and his show
is great as well I get to be part of the
mailbag on his show he and I are gonna
start launching some some additional
kind of content that we're gonna be
putting out for our subscribers only so
go to daily wire.com right now and
subscribe we are the largest
conservative podcast in the United
States
you
