so Cavanaugh did Brett Kavanaugh did an
interview on Fox News last night and
look obviously as you know by now I I
think that he's innocent I think he's
being smeared by a bunch of disgraceful
opportunists in the Democrat Party that
said he didn't come across well in his
interview in my opinion it was not it
was not a great performance and I really
hope that he changes his approach for
Thursday okay it's very important so and
I know I was talking about this on
Facebook last night and most people were
saying oh I thought he did really well
wonderful he did a wonderful job and
maybe some of them really do think you
did a wonderful job but I think a lot of
those people a lot of the Conservatives
were saying that was a great interview I
think a lot of them are they're just
saying that because they support
Kavanagh and they feel bad for him for
good reason you know but so for that
reason they don't want to be critical
but we do need to be critical here
because it's really important that he
changes his approach for the hearing on
Thursday now I understand look to be to
be on live TV is disorienting especially
if you're not used to it to be on live
TV under these circumstances is is I
can't even imagine how overwhelming that
is so you're gonna be nervous and and I
also know that of course he's got PR
people around and he's got his team
around him and they're there coaching
him they're there helping him they're
you know they're they're giving him
advice doesn't mean that he's guilty the
fact that you've got people helping you
that just means that you're in a very
high-pressure high-stakes situation and
you're not used to being in this kind of
situation you're not used to being on TV
you're not used to this kind of scrutiny
and so you got people advising you you
know like anybody would but I think the
advice that he's getting is just is just
it's not good advice it's in my opinion
you know for one thing he sounded very
scripted and he was repeating the same
lines over and over and over again and I
was watching with my wife and we were
both just cringing like by the fifth
time that he repeated himself the exact
same line verbatim like he was literally
read like there was a teleprompter it
was it was
we were cringing yeah III think the
worst thing now is to sound scripted
that's the worst thing it is it is much
I mean if you're worried about well if
you don't you know if you don't stick to
a script and you might go you you might
get angry and go off the rails a little
bit and get away and run it you know run
away with your words well I think it's
much better to err on that side of the
spectrum than on the side of the
spectrum of sounding of sounding script
for another thing you know he tried I
think he tried to run too far in the
other direction by saying that's because
he was trying to combat the the image of
this image that's being painted of him
as being this kind of high school and
college frat bro kind of guy who's going
around getting drunk all the time and
just being a jerk and obnoxious so he's
trying to come he's trying to dispel
that notion and so he said in the
interview that well the main thing he
was worried about in high school was
doing his service projects he said that
multiple times about his service
projects and going to church and getting
good grades that was the only thing he's
worried about and maybe that's true I
mean it's possible that he really was
that straight-laced in high school but
the vast majority of high school kids
aren't like that
the massive vast majority of high school
kids even if they do service projects
that's not their main concern in life is
oh I just want to do my service projects
okay I certainly wasn't like that in
high school I wasn't I wasn't even close
to that and you don't need it you don't
need to be that way and he doesn't need
to portray himself that way I think it's
okay to be a little bit more real and
say you know look I was I was a kid but
making that admission yeah look I was a
kid I mean I did dumb things to make
that admission that's not the same thing
as admitting that oh I I tried to commit
sexual assault right and then the last
thing is Cavan on this this was the main
thing to make Kavanagh you he was he was
trying to be very restrained like I said
that was obviously the advice that he'd
been given and so he was trying to hold
back his anger he refused to criticize
Democrats he refused to criticize the
media it was given multiple
opportunities he was asked he was
where do you think this is coming from
why do you think that coming after you
do you think it's politically motivated
and he was asked you know the New Yorker
ran this this article about you there
are no witnesses there notes no
corroboration do you think it was a
right decision for them to run the
article and in both cases he went back
to the script and said I'm not going to
comment I'm not gonna comment on motives
and I know that that's look I know that
in DC for whatever reason the PR people
that's how they advise that's how they
advise politicians to behave that's
that's the response oh I'm not gonna
comment on that I just think it's bad
advice I think you need to be a human
being and react like any other human
being would you're angry you're ticked
off you're indignant and obviously you
know that yes it's this is irresponsible
reckless journal journalism the
Democrats are obviously politically
motivated we all know that he knows it
it obviously makes him very angry so
just say it why not say it what are you
worried about at this point you're
worried that if you say it that the
Democrats what won't like you come on
they already hate your guts that they're
trying to destroy your life there's
nothing you can say that's gonna make
them more aggressive towards you they're
already as aggressive as they could
possibly be so just to let it rip is
what I would say that's what Clarence
Thomas did I really hope that judge
Kavanagh before the hearing on Thursday
he should go I mean I'm sure he's seen
it before but maybe go again and watch
that clip of Clarence Thomas that
Clarence Thomas in his hearing when he
was confronting the bogus allegations
against himself and he launched into
this three-minute monologue which was
very aggressive he went on the offensive
he was angry he called these people out
he called it what it was and and I think
Cavanaugh needs to have another moment
like that a raw real angry moment where
he's just acting like any human being
would in this situation where you're
being lied about and your reputation is
being destroyed and your family is being
attacked
all right so here's the main thing I
want to talk about all of the when you
look at Washington DC and you see all
the incompetence and all the chaos all
of that is primarily fueled by two
things maliciousness and cowardice and
democrats will generally contribute the
maliciousness the malleus and
republicans will contribute the
cowardice and you can really see how all
this works when you look at the
Cavanaugh situation it's all been
illustrated for us let's remember that
this whole and I don't think this can be
emphasized enough
this whole Cavanaugh circus could have
been avoided from the very beginning if
not for GOP cowardice GOP cowardice is
what got this ball rolling because
President Trump was advised by you know
by his people by Republicans to nominate
Brett Kavanaugh rather than Amy Barrett
Amy Barrett who's the extremely
conservative woman and he was advised
though to go with Kavanagh because
Republicans were concerned that
Barrett's social conservatism might
upset the Democrats but of course the
Democrats have no power so it doesn't
matter if you upset them yet Republicans
still decided to go with the more mild
figure in hopes of avoiding any kind of
nasty altercations with the powerless
opposition party which is the kinds of
decision that they're always making
Republicans are always doing they're
always doing kind of like what I do when
I shop for wine okay because I don't
know a good wine from a bad wine so I
always just buy the second cheapest wine
not the cheapest because I figured the
cheapest is probably bad but not the
most expensive because I don't pay for
that so I just go for the second
cheapest that's always that's just
always what I do and I actually do that
when I'm shopping for most things
because I don't know I don't know what I
mean you know I just I have no idea what
I'm doing in life I'm clueless so I
always just go I just go one step up
from the cheapest and Republicans do the
same thing all the time they rarely go
and make the worst decision but they
don't make the best decision either
so with the supreme so with the Supreme
Court nominee that that's kind of what
they did there obviously worst there
were worse people they could have chosen
than Brett Kavanaugh I mean Brett
Kavanaugh was a good choice don't get me
wrong but he wasn't the best choice from
up from a conservative and
constitutional perspective it wasn't the
absolute best home run choice that would
have been Amy Barrett and so they go for
this kind of intermediate route hoping
that it will appease conservatives and
liberals at the same time but what they
still don't understand somehow is that
Democrats will never be appeased ever
they will be vicious no matter what they
will treat every Republican measure
every Republican legislation or
appointment as the end of human
civilization no matter what no matter
who it is no matter what it is no matter
the situation they are permanently stuck
on DEFCON one setting no matter what so
if they're gonna panic regardless you
may as well give them something to panic
about remember that's what you're that's
that's the famous line that that
everyone's dad used to say stop crying
I'll give you something cry it to cry
about which I don't think of my dad I
don't know if my dad ever actually said
that but but but that's what Republicans
should say to Democrats okay so okay you
want to cry I'll give you something to
cry about that should have been there
that should have been their strategy
their approach for the last two years oh
you guys are gonna panic over everything
you're gonna freak out well I'll give
you something to freak out about here
you go but they don't Republicans have
the power to shove whatever they want
down the Democrats throats but they're
too scared to use that power for some
reason they compromise even when there's
no reason to compromise and even though
the other side has no power and so they
have no leverage and even though the
other side really won't accept anything
but complete surrender anyway and that's
what brought us to the Brett Kavanaugh
situation and again don't get me wrong I
think Gavin out and Kavanagh is a a very
very solid choice I thought that all
along and obviously what's happening to
him now is horrific
he doesn't deserve any of it but but it
all you know if they had put bear if
they had put a me bear it up for the
court Democrats they would have freaked
out they would have lost their minds
they would have said oh they're gonna
overheat overturn roe v-- wade but I
doubt they would have been able to
conjure up they couldn't have gone this
route with a woman I mean I guess you
can't you can't assume anything but
nothing is beneath them but most likely
with a woman they would not have tried
to conjure up a sexual assault
allegation so they would have had to
just freak out the whole time about you
know it's gonna be Handmaid's Tale and
all that kind of stuff but they did that
anyway with Brett Kavanaugh you see so
it didn't make a difference
Republican cowardice made all this
possible got the ball rolling and
Republican cowardice has kept it going
sustained it leftist liberals and
Democrats are complaining that the GOP
leadership has been bullying the
Cavanaugh accusers claiming that they've
been they've been bullying Christine
Ford but the truth as usual is the
opposite event Republicans have spent
the last week groveling at at Ford's
feet making concession after concession
begging her to come to DC and tell her
unsubstantiated uncorroborated story on
national television I mean they've been
begging her they said come here we'll go
there we'll do anything you want
anything please dr. Ford please they've
been begging her and the back-and-forth
was all in bad faith Democrats were
simply stalling as they routed through
Cavanaugh's closet for any other
skeletons real or imagined that they
could find and now an Republicans very
generously gave them the space and the
opportunity to conduct that search
that's what this was all about it was
obvious to anyone with two brain cells
in their head the past week as
Republicans have been negotiating trying
to get her to come and testify it was
clear to everyone that they were just
stalling in order to give themselves
more time to dig up
or dirt and for some unbelievable reason
the stupid Republicans let them do it
and said okay fine yes we'll give you
more time
I mean you absolute idiots just hold the
vote what are you doing
Republicans could put an end to this at
any time all they have to do is confirm
Cavett all they could have confirmed in
last week that can confirm them now
there's nothing to be gained by waiting
unless the continued character
assassination of Brett Kavanaugh is
something that they consider to be a
gain which it is a gain for Democrats
and it's a gain not only because it
destroys this particular Supreme Court
nominee but also because it serves as a
warning to any other potential
conservative judges what Democrats are
doing is they're cutting off Cavanaugh's
heads they're putting it on unup on us
on a spike and they're kind of putting
it on on the edge of the town and saying
abandon all hope ye who enter here this
this is what happens if the Republicans
nominate you this is what we're gonna do
to you and Republicans are allowing them
to do this I mean Mitch McConnell gave a
nice speech yesterday and and he was
very aggressive and and he called all
this what what it was what it is he said
that this is a smear campaign and on or
on run well if that's how you feel why
are you allowing it to get why don't you
just hold the vote if you know that it's
a smear campaign
why are you humoring it why are you
entertaining it do you know what
Democrats would do in this you know what
Democrats would do we all know what
Democrats would do in this exact same
situation do you know how they would
respond if they controlled Congress and
it was their Supreme Court nominee being
slandered they would flip a middle
finger to the Republicans and to the
conservative voters and they would
confirm their nominee without hesitation
they would be holding a hearing they
would be doing an investigation they
wouldn't be doing anything they would
say oh you don't like it try and stop us
oh you can't stop us
well too bad I mean you guys can cry
about it but we're just good
what we're gonna do we don't care if you
cry about it doesn't matter to us and
and Republicans would cry and they would
stomp their feet and conservative talk
show hosts would would be sent into a
into a rage about it and and I would
rant about it right now in my car
screaming like a madman and and
conservatives everywhere would complain
about how unfair it all is and Democrats
would just laugh they would say who
suckers I don't care you think we care
that you're upset they wouldn't care how
we feel because they got their guy on
the Supreme Court and that's the only
thing that would matter to them they
would see all the rest of the hysterics
and the outrage as irrelevant a sideshow
unimportant and you know something they
would be absolutely right it's time for
Republicans to take a page from that
playbook the play is very simple it's
called use the power that you have been
given use it you absolute wimps use the
power we gave it to you for a reason
I mean there's you're on the football
field you got the ball in your hand and
there's no one else on the field the
other team hasn't hasn't filled in it
all you got to do is just run to the end
zone that's all you have to do but
Republicans are they're afraid they
might hurt they might hurt the other
side's feelings if they could score a
touchdown so instead they just run in
circles and then they take a knee and
they wait for the clock to expire I mean
it's unbelievable the it just makes me
even more ticked off that Republican
politicians are out there saying that
this is a smear campaign it's in bad
faith it's dishonest there this is
slander it's terrible oh my gosh it's
horrible they're saying all that stuff
yet they're allowing it to continue and
they're actually gonna they're gonna do
this stupid hearing even though they
they they themselves have said that it's
all in bad faith
how did we get cursed I mean as
conservatives how did we get cursed with
this with this party of nincompoops and
spineless gutless cowards how did we end
up this way I mean this this is well we
headed up with this because these are
the people that we vote for guys I mean
that that's how we end up this way is by
voting alright and you cut it off there
before I have an aneurysm have a good
day
Godspeed
you
