the Academy Award nominations have been
announced and you know what that means
that's right an industry spiraling into
irrelevance will attempt to appease a
news media spiraling into irrelevance by
celebrating irrelevant films that have
already been forgotten by anyone who is
not irrelevant because of course only
irrelevant never forgets but it also
means something else it means it's time
for the Andrew Clavin show to nominate
the best films that were not made in
2016 or ever yes these are movies that
were never filmed shown or even
conceived of in Hollywood and yet
managed to garner an audience only
slightly smaller than Oscar nominees
moonlight and Manchester by the sea put
together which would be Manchester by
the sea under the moonlight which no one
saw either first up for best never made
film is EPA do a an environmental
thriller in which an insane EPA
bureaucrat races to save california's
endangered fish by diverting water from
california's endangered human-beings the
evil environmentalist is finally
defeated by a ragtag band of outcasts
and minorities which is to say
conservatives working in the movie
business who get together to write a
script about the evil of manmade climate
change then roll the script up in a
cylinder and use it to beat the epa
bureaucrat into unconsciousness another
nominee for best unmade film is the
journalism saga all the previous
presidents men Robert Redford and Dustin
Hoffman play a hundred and twenty
seven-year-old reporter and his deceased
sidekick who sent out to write a history
of the Obama administration only to find
themselves swept up into a world of
scandal conspiracy and lies which turns
out to actually be the history of the
Obama administration in one thrilling
scene Redford goes into a parking garage
to meet a high-level source only to
realize he's forgotten where he parked
his car only to realize he's not there
to get his car and can't remember why he
is there or how to get home or who he is
Redford who also directed the film says
the story blows the lid
something that has a lid but he's
forgotten what and our final nominee for
best unmade film is the elaborate heist
flick dude where's my useless federal
job
Joaquin Phoenix brings his sparkling
personality and warm-hearted comedy
skills to the part of less is more a
federal bureaucrat tragically put out of
work by Trump administration cutbacks on
freeloaders who live off the taxpayers
unable to find a job because he has no
skills because he's never done anything
useful because he was a federal
bureaucrat it's more plans
a brilliant jewel heist only to realize
he can't pull it off because he has no
skills because he's never done anything
useful because he was a federal
bureaucrat this more finally hits on the
brilliant idea of just passing a
regulation demanding that the jewels be
given to him because like civil rights
or something hilarity ensues well those
are our nominees for best non-existent
movies I look forward to the actual
award ceremony which will also not exist
and will therefore be more entertaining
than the Oscars trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
there's a we need also sing see Topsy
zip it easy
wow what an exciting day our first
animated opening and thank you to
Jonathan hey for doing that wonderful
I've I was animating live at who's
drawing those things as I was speaking
it was amazing it's also it's also
mailbag day so we will be hey we'll be
answering your questions if you
subscribe to the daily wire.com you can
ask questions they will give you
absolutely correct answers that will
absolutely change your life and you can
set they can send in questions live
right while I'm talking yep that's in
the second half of the show first I have
to tell you I finally my blue apron food
finally showed up
so three three day you know there's
there's almost no point in my describing
this to you because they give they will
give you the first three meals for free
you just go on blue apron dot-com slash
Andrew and they will give you the first
meals for free no delivery charge
nothing so you can taste him yourself
basically what this is it's like having
a restaurant in your home it's like
having a restaurant seriously not not
the kind of restaurants my listeners go
to you know with you know food is
inedible but the waitresses aren't
wearing any clothes but these are places
like nice people go to if where the food
is really good what they do is they send
you like it's about ten bucks a meal and
they send you all the ingredients you
need in exactly the right proportions
and then they have they send you all the
instructions and it's easy after that
you just sit back and watch your wife
make but every now and again you have to
get up and chase her around the room
maybe that's just in my house I'm not
sure but if you can go on and this is
really elaborate food really good meals
like I said this restaurant level food
you could check out this week's menu and
get your first three meals for free with
free shipping at blue apron calm slash
Andrew you will love how good it feels
and tastes to create incredible
home-cooked meals with blue aprons so
don't waste weight blue apron calm slash
Andrew it's a better way to cook really
was terrific I mean I'm not not choking
up is great great food we got the first
three for free as you can
and now we're definitely going to start
paying for him because it's worth it
alright what this administration is a
hoot and a half I have this is really
really funny you know I am not even sure
what I'm looking at yet I'm not you know
everybody's got an opinion and all the
people who are four who are conservative
or like whatever Trump does it's it's
great and all the people who are liberal
whatever even Trump likes he can just
sneeze and it's like oh my god the first
president ever to stoop to the level of
sneezing in front of everyone so I want
to I want to just like ask myself what I
saw yesterday cuz it was so incredible
some of this stuff I seriously I never
thought I would live to see some of this
stuff that's so good and it's happening
on the second day of his administration
he's doing stuff I seriously did not
think I would live to see again let me
just start with one quick personal an
anecdote okay this is this is to the
point but I'll have to get back to it
when I was a young man coming up
starving writer didn't have a dime my
brother and I got together and wrote a
thriller and the thriller we dashed it
off I mean I outlined it very carefully
but then the two of us sat down and
dashed at all but it won awards and it
was sold to the movies now it didn't it
wasn't a big movie sale but it's sold to
someone who is has has been called the
worst person in Hollywood okay so that's
going that's going to ways right the
worst person along we we had nothing my
brother and I had nothing I was married
I had a kid I was I was making 0 my had
a minor job but I was making zero money
so this money meant everything to us and
it wasn't a lot but I meant everything
to us and we got into this negotiation
with this horrible guy who kept changing
the rules in the negotiation but we had
this powerhouse agent to agreed to
handle it as a friend he was a friend of
mine and my wife's and he agreed to
handle the negotiation so my brother and
I sat in a room while this guy talked to
the phone on the phone to this guy and
remember we need this money so much we
needed and the our negotiator our agent
is talking to the guide says he says you
keep changing the rules I've had it and
he starts screaming at the top of his
lungs and he says and f you and he slams
the fuck and I'm sitting in the room and
I turned to my brother and my brother it
must it must have been the reflection of
me he had turned white as a dead man he
looked like I did you know white and
green you know that look that dead
people have you know this he had just
thrown our money wait and I look across
the desk at the age and he's sitting
there with this little smile on his face
I'll call back less than a minute later
the phone rings the guy calls back and
gives him everything he wants okay that
was this agent he was a crazy guy he was
a guy like if you made a bad offer he
would tap a spoon against the phone say
you know I've got some interference here
I thought you made such a bad offer but
I you couldn't have made such a bad you
know he would just do crazy crazy stuff
because he was a negotiator and I wonder
if that is what we're looking at because
this is crazy stuff so here's let's
start out with what actually happened
the actual facts of what Trump did
yesterday let's split will play Trump
announcing some of his moves this is
with regard to the construction of the
Keystone pipeline something that's been
in dispute and it's subject to a
renegotiation of terms by us we'll see
if we can get that pipeline built a lot
of jobs 28,000 jobs great construction
jobs we build the pipelines we want to
build the pipe
gonna put a lot of workers a lot of
skilled workers back to work we're
bringing manufacturing back to the
United States big leagues I am a large
extent and environmentalist I believe in
it but it's out of control by the way
totally these these two pipelines this
is the Dakota access pipeline and the
Keystone pipeline these were scuttled by
Obama even after the study showed they
were gonna be fine there was not going
to be a bad environmental impact
they were scuttled purely for the big
Democrat donors who are obsessed with
this oil thing but just so you know
because we all do care about the
environment scuttling the pipeline
doesn't mean the oil won't be drilled
it'll still be drilled because they can
Canada can sell it to Asia they don't
have to sell to us they will sell it to
us because we need the oil and instead
of transporting it in a pipeline which
is relatively safe they would transport
it in trains which is much much more
dangerous a train wreck much more likely
than the pipeline exploding so all this
stuff you know its environmental he's
now saying he's issuing the directive to
build the wall he's limiting immigration
from terrorists heavy countries like
and he's got the House Majority Leader
Kevin McCarthy just wrote an essay about
how the house is now moving to abandon
all of Obama's regulations that he typed
on us you know piled on us in those last
60 days they're also gonna pass a law
making it harder to institute these
regulations so the bureaucrats are a
little bit responsible to our elected
officials okay that's what's really
happening here's what's happening on
Capitol Hill okay so help me this is
real tape I'm not making this up
Senator Jeff Merkley is questioning
budget director pick Rick Mulvaney right
this is the guy who's going to do the
budget director here's the question he
asked him it's amazing I have behind me
two pictures they were taking about the
same time in 2017 which crowd is larger
2009 for the 2017 class Senate if you
allow me to give the disclaimer that I'm
not really sure how this dies there
would be I'll be happy to answer your
question which was from that picture it
does appear that the crowd of the left
hand side is bigger than the crowd as
well there's a lot of numbers involved
with budgets you know so that's why I
mean he's driving them insane you know
he gets upset or he appears see this is
what I'm saying
I don't know he appears to get upset
over the they're saying that his crowd
was smaller than Obama's crowd and then
they all go knots proving this they're
talking about this and here's what the
Sean Spicer who is Sean Spicer now be
I'm gonna have a bust of Sean Spicer put
in my room he is becoming my favorite
human being in the country this guy is
just kicking butt and taking names he
goes out and he gets asked this is the
other obsession they have Trump keeps
saying he would have won the popular
vote if there weren't all these illegal
votes okay
so now they're asking him if Sean Spicer
about here's his response believe that
millions voted illegally
in this election and what evidence do
you have of widespread voter fraud in
this election if that's the case the
President does believe that he has
stated that before I think he stated his
concerns voter fraud and people voting
illegally during the campaign and he
continues to maintain that belief based
on studies and evidence that people are
presented to him today said there's no
evidence the National Association of
secretaries of state say that they don't
agree with the president's assessment
what evidence do you have
III as I said I think the president has
believed that for a while based on
studies information he has and and Trump
is now saying oh we're gonna have an
investigation we're gonna have a major
major investigation into voter fraud
okay here's brian Stelter representing
the media basically on CNN here's brian
Stelter he's upset about this why listen
well I want to choose my words as
carefully as possible Brooke you know we
talked before the election about Donald
Trump claiming the election would be
rigged and about how that undermined the
integrity of the voting system but here
we are now president Trump's fifth day
in office the only word I can think of
is crazy this is crazy it's crazy to
believe the three to five million people
have voted illegally in this election it
of course undermines the democracy but
it's crazy
if you care about facts it's just a dark
day we heard about alternative facts
recently by Kelly and Conway and this is
an alternative fact I thought he was
doing a good job presenting the data
there because the truth is a lot of
Americans do believe there was a lot of
illegal voting he's threatening
democracy by challenging the legitimacy
of an election this this is from the
media that has been done nothing but
jealousy of this election
the Russians he's a Russian pawn
Manchurian Candidate the Ukrainian
candidate you know it's like what on
earth suddenly there and remember do you
remember when Barack Obama was making a
speech about say and he said he wasn't
going to ensure illegal immigrants and
somebody I can't remember who it was who
shouted you'll I remember who said you
know you you lie and all what a terrible
thing to say now the New York Times is
seriously running headlines and they
changed them during the
of the day but when the headline when I
when I wake up in the morning the
headline on the e version of the New
York Times is like Trump sticks to lie
about illegal voters and here is their
lead mr. Trump doubled down Wednesday on
his fraudulent assertion that millions
of illegal immigrants gave Hillary
Clinton her 2.8 million ballot victory
and then they come out and say you know
why is Trump is such an egotist to worry
about this but it sounds like they're
kind of worried about it too so here and
before we say goodbye the reference I
just want to end the first half of the
show with who is calling Trump crazy
guess who guess who is Keith Olbermann
it's time for Donald Trump to resign as
president admittedly it's been an
interesting couple of days but for any
patriotic American capable of adding two
and two and not getting one and a half
million this is enough
Trump has proved that not only will he
lie to America about anything big or
small but that just as importantly he
will lie to himself about anything big
or small and more troubling yet he will
compel men weaker even than himself to
lie on his behalf about anything big or
small and worst of all the lies will
convince some people and they will
convince one person especially dangerous
in particular Donald Trump because what
Trump does not believe cannot be true
and that way lies madness and lies every
evil imaginable including the end of
this country in a literal sense perhaps
the end of civilization because like
somebody who's strung out on drugs or
somebody who's living in a complete
dreamlike state caused by profound
pulsating narcissism he will not believe
that the outcome of any of his actions
could be failure or disaster or even
something that could be harmful to
himself I can't say goodbye to Facebook
and YouTube come over to the Daily
wired.com and hear the mailbag all your
questions answer your life change come
on it's a lousy eight bucks a month
