according to Lanny Davis former Special
Counsel to President Clinton and
longtime Democratic consultant Barack
Obama will be considered one of
history's great presidents what makes
Obama so spectacular
well according to Davis to be a great
president requires a combination of four
factors first unique circumstances
making a major impact on the nation's
history like Washington and Jefferson as
framers and setting important precedents
for the presidency for future
generations second successfully
addressing one or more major national
crises linked in with the Civil War or
FDR with World War two third having
significant positive impact on economic
and social changes or in foreign policy
and fourth enhancing the powers and
effectiveness of the presidency and the
future of their political parties Davis
then goes ahead and ranked his top-tier
presidents he says those are Washington
Jefferson Jackson Lincoln Teddy and FDR
when he lists his second tier president
Monroe Polk McKinley Wilson Truman
Eisenhower Kennedy Johnson Reagan
Clinton so where does Obama stack up in
all of this according to Davis quote
there is little doubt that future
historians will rank him high in his
second tier what were Obama's
accomplishments Obamacare quote digging
the country out of an economic great
recession and his election is the first
black president that's the whole thing
and that's pretty weak so here's where
Obama actually stacks up on these four
factors first unique circumstances Obama
did faces severe economic downturn when
he assumed office that is not that rare
in American history according to 24/7
Wall Street comm America has had either
depressions or recessions in 1797 under
Adams 1807 hundred Jefferson 1815 to
1821 under Madison and Monroe 1837
hundred Van Buren 1857 hundred became in
1873 hundred grand 1893 hundred
Cleveland 1907 hundred 20 19 20 and 21
under under Harding the Great Depression
under Hoover an FDR 1973 under Nixon and
the Carter years and early Reagan years
which leaves aside the stock market
crashes under Reagan the mild economic
downturn under George HW Bush and the
bursting of the internet bubble under
Bill Clinton so the question isn't did
he actually experience a downturn it's
what he did with debt he proceeded to
lead Obama did one of the worst
recoveries in American history second
successfully addressing one or more
national crises this is the second
criteria
Davis gives Obama credit for addressing
the Great Recession although his
recovery was tepid at best actually the
worst since the Great Depression average
annual growth has been the weakest since
1949 at just 2.1 percent growth
per year the expansion has been long but
it's been seriously under productive
under on foreign policy Obama has
exacerbated national crises surrounding
terror presided over a massive increase
in the number of terror attacks on
American soil
he's also presided over the collapse of
race relations in the United States when
he took office two out of three
Americans about race relations were good
he leaves office with nearly two and
three Americans thinking precisely the
reverse third a good president has
significant impact on domestic or
foreign policy Obama's biggest domestic
policy achievement Obamacare has
increased costs and premiums thrown
Americans off their preferred insurance
plans and separated them from their
doctors all over burdening medical care
providers and placing insurance
companies under the financial gun it
will be repealed as soon as Obama is
gone his immigration policy has left
millions of illegal immigrants adrift
his foreign policy has been a series of
appeasement and blunders resulting in
the rise of Isis a genocide in Syria the
unilateral surrender of Arachne
incompetent prosecution of the war in
Afghanistan the regional empowerment and
global legitimization of the Iranian
terror regime the creation of a
dictatorship in Turkey the empowerment
of his dictatorship in Russia the
expansion of Chinese power he's weakened
American allies all around the globe
fourth fourth factor enhancing the
future of the presidency and his
political party the presidency is more
powerful now than it was under Obama's
predecessors but that's not a
particularly good measure of greatness
since he'll be handing over that power
to Donald Trump and Obama has devastated
his political party he's lost nearly a
thousand seats across the country for
his party his party controls just 18
governorships he's lost the Senate he's
lost the house he lost the White House
the Democrats are in the weakest
position they've occupied since 1920 on
the state level and know Barack Obama
doesn't just get extra credit cuz he
black so where does Obama stack up
historically it's actually kind of rare
that historians rank two term presidents
among the nation's worst the only
two-term president often included in
that list is W and that's largely due to
the economic collapse of 2007-2008 if
not for that he'd probably be somewhere
in the middle
in all likelihood Obama will rank
slightly above Jimmy Carter but below
Richard Nixon historians will probably
play some above George w but well below
Bill Clinton or even LBJ he'll rank is a
rotten president not the worst ever but
certainly not among the best which is
fitting in the end Obama was kind of
forgettable he was a forgettable
president domestically he was a
disastrous term he's a disastrous
president in terms of foreign policy his
he's not going to treat him kindly he'll
fade into obscurity rather than growing
in historical prominence which actually
is probably his worst nightmare I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show so
many feelings ah oppa Maya is finally
leaving Donald Trump is becoming
president so much confusion so much
chaos so much excitement so much to talk
about but first we have to thank our
sponsor winks so if all of this makes
you want to drink if it all if you just
look at the world if you think boy I
could use a nice glass of wine you're
really happy about what's going on and
really upset or really confused well
wink can make that happen for you with
the best wine available on the market
the wonderful thing about link is what
they do go to their website over at Winx
Commons winc tri wink calm try winc calm
slash Bend and what's great about them
is that you go there and if you don't
know anything about wine you can type it
in they have a little survey of kind of
what tastes you like what foods you like
and then it recommends a wine to you the
wines are cheap the lines are really
really good everybody in the office has
tried them which is why the production
quality has suffered on days we have
wine tastings here at the office because
they all get drunk and they're more
useless than usual but Winx comm brings
it to you and again if you don't know
what bottle of wine bring to a party or
you're just looking for a bottle of wine
with your dinner and you don't know
anything about wine and you're looking
for a solid wine at a really great price
then try blink comm is where you need to
go try wink comm they've 100%
satisfaction guarantee so if you don't
like the bottle they send you they will
replace it with a bottle you love no
questions asked and of course you don't
just get sent random bottles it's a
personalized wine membership that
recommends wine specifically for you
based on the results of your palate
profile so go to try Winx comm slash
Bend right now you get $20 off if you
use the slash Men
they will even cover the shipping so you
get fine wine personalized to you at try
wink comm slash Bend and if you're ready
to celebrate the inauguration or you're
ready to lament the inauguration or
you're ready to just drink
try winked come / Bend is the place to
go great company winc calm try wink calm
/ Ben okay so there as I say lots of
feelings first just joy that Barack
Obama's leaving like that is a wonderful
wonderful thing Barack Obama has been
a barnacle on the ass of the United
States for eight years he's been awful
he's been just an abscess in terms of
politics for the entirety of his term
and it is great to see him leave I am
very very happy about that one go
through his final press conference and
savor every last minute of angst and and
upset that it does at Barack Obama ten
leverage first I do have to note Donald
Trump today he's headed to Washington DC
prepare for the inauguration which
happens tomorrow this time tomorrow if
you're listening right now by this time
tomorrow Donald Trump will be not
president-elect he'll be President of
the United States and there's pictures
of him getting off the military jet with
Melania and saluting the troops which is
nice because it you feel like he
actually likes the troops as opposed to
the president we currently have in
office I will say this if you're
watching Donald Trump the guy from The
Apprentice become President of the
United States and you don't feel least a
little bit of trepidation about that
it's because you're not watching closely
enough I'm going to talk a little bit
later about what we can expect from
Trump and what our hopes should be and
what we should actually look for from
Donald Trump I will just say this in
summary here is how I'm feeling about
Donald Trump taking office tomorrow in
one yeah that's that's pretty much it
you know I think that we can be as I
like say optimistically skeptical we
should we should be skeptical of
everything we listen I've been very
skeptical I was skeptical Bush and very
I was very skeptical of Obama I'm be
skeptical of Trump I'm skeptical of all
politicians because politicians are in
business of lying to you for money
that's what they do for a living
so if you trust Donald Trump let me just
recommend to you the Donald Trump is
again a politician he shifted his
positions a lot holds his feet to the
fire but we'll get to that in just a
second first we have to celebrate
because it's a day of celebration today
is Barack Obama's final day in office
yay woo very very exciting stuff Barack
Obama has been disastrous President of
the United States
what's amazing is watching as Democrats
struggle with the CNN ran a story
desperately hoping that Donald Trump
would actually be assassinated really
because they hope that if he were
assassinated in the rest of the cabinet
that Trump is picked or assassin and
they haven't actually been voted on yet
there's nobody in the cabinet yet if you
assassinate Trump and you assassinate
pence then right now as
Barack Obama remains he still the
president today so if he killed Trump
and pens today this is seriously what
CNN reported here is what the CNN report
looked like and while officials stressed
there's no specific credible threat to
this inauguration tonight due to a quirk
in America's rules for succession
questions remain about just who would be
in charge if an attack hit the incoming
president vice president and
congressional leaders just as the
transfer of power is under way here you
have a very confusing line of succession
there according to the Constitution if
the President and Vice President are
killed or incapacitated next in line is
the House Speaker then the president pro
tempore of the Senate but what if
something happened to them at the
inauguration too after that it goes down
the list of cabinet secretaries starting
with Secretary of State on the day of
the inauguration as a precaution a
cabinet secretary called the designated
presidential successor will not attend
the inauguration ready to step in if
something happens but it won't be a
trump cabinet secretary since none of
them have been confirmed yet it will be
an Obama appointee if Davis of Obama and
Biden were killed and then if Trump and
pence were killed before the
inauguration they would have to happen
before the inauguration right if they're
basically saying well you know what
could happen theoretically what if Trump
and pence died and Obama and Biden died
John Kerry would become president I mean
this is like this is insanity so they're
now they're now living in this crazy
fantasy world and let's face it okay
everyone's in some sort of bizarre fever
dream here because there was a story
today that Donald Trump at the
inauguration might dance with Caitlyn
Jenner okay I'm just going to say I
don't know what the hell is going on I
don't know what's happening if that
actually happens well I guess that would
be kind of a fitting capstone to 2016
when nothing made any sense and we're
pretty much living inside God's burp
right now but uh but let's just focus
for a second instead of getting into the
Trump stuff which is a lot of fun let's
focus on something else fun which is
Barack Obama leading so Obama is
preparing to get out good don't let the
door hit you on the way out and he gives
this press conference yesterday and the
final presser is just the press licking
him I mean it's just the press doing its
best to give him that final send-off
he's been waiting for given that happy
ending so here is Barack Obama dealing
with the press and spilling his usual
nonsense oh he says
that he's talking about how Republicans
are undermining the legitimacy of the
Republic with their concerns over voter
fraud here's what Obama had to say about
that we are the only country in the
advanced world that makes it harder to
vote rather than Eva and that dates back
there's a there's an ugly history to
that that we should not be shy about
talking about I'm sorry yes I'm talking
about voting rights a there's a reason
that we are the only country among
advanced democracies that makes it
harder to vote there is a President
Obama on his way out he's still rising a
still dripping on Jim Crow which ended
in the 1960s and in talking about how
voting rights are being impinge he still
cannot name a single instance in which a
black person has been turned away from
the polls illegitimately he still can't
name a single instance of that across
the country so while the Left claims
that voter fraud has never happened and
will never happen without any evidence
they also claim that that there's an
attempt a market attempt to get black
people to stop voting which again has no
evidence to support it but he's not done
there Barack Obama is asked specifically
about Julian Assange because yesterday
he released Chelsea Manning the the
WikiLeaks traitor and so he's asked
about Julian Assange and here was
Obama's answer about Assange I don't pay
a lot of attention to mr. Assange as
tweets so that wasn't a consideration in
this instance and I'd refer you to the
Justice Department for any criminal
investigations indictment extradition
issues that may come up in paying
attention to Assange and sweets except
for the fact that he thinks that
WikiLeaks affected the election and
Julian Assange is the head of WikiLeaks
so there's that as well Obama also
couldn't leave without riffing on race
and talking about how America is
racially divided it's more racially
divided than when he took office because
he blew his opportunity is the first
black president to bring everybody
together instead using race baiting as a
political tool and tactic here's Barack
Obama on race relations as he leaves and
and by the way it's no longer a black
and white issue alone we had a Spanish
folks say you've got Asian folks and
this is not just that the same old
battles they we got this this stew
that's bubbling up of people from
everywhere got us to lots of people
not very tasty this stew because I'm not
going to be there to spice up the stew
again he's now trying to make race
relations more complicated on his way
out just as he has during his
administration he also defended his
commutation of Chelsea Manning's prison
sentence his his decision to free the
the person who is responsible for
leaking hundreds of thousands of
classified documents to Wikileaks which
resulted in the endangerment of America
and American soldiers and American
allies here's Obama defending that
yesterday
first of all let's be clear Chelsea
Manning has served a tough prison
sentence so the notion that
the average person who was thinking
about disclosing vital classified
information would think that it goes
unpunished I don't think would get that
impression from the sentence that
Chelsea Manning has served it has been
my view that given she went to trial
that due process was carried out that
she took responsibility for her crime
that that she received was very
disproportionate disproportionate
relative to what other laborers had
received okay so we can stop it there
get the eff out dude and when you're
talking about Chelsea Manning having
served it's really really harsh
sentences a 35-year sentence Chelsea
Manning served seven to eight years and
was given hormone treatments by the
federal government because Chelsea
Manning thinks he is a woman Barack
Obama then frees Chelsea Manning and
we're supposed to believe that death
doesn't send a signal to leakers that
you're basically going to get away with
it the most laughing line of all of this
though was when Barack Obama starts
talking to the press because this is
just this is just if you don't spit your
coffee listening to this line it's only
because you're not drinking coffee
here's Obama you're not supposed to be
think offense you're supposed to be
skeptics you're supposed to ask me tough
questions you're not supposed to be
complimentary but you're supposed to
cast a critical eye on folks who hold
enormous power and make sure that we are
accountable to the people who sent us
here and you have done this and you've
done it for most part in ways that I
could appreciate for fairness even if I
didn't always agree with your
conclusions and having you in this
building has made this place work better
it
the press has treated Obama with kid
gloves the entirety of his presidency
and the press has been very very kind
and even as he's leaving all of these
major outlets are putting out tributes
to him picture your favorite pictures of
Barack Obama actually my favorite
picture of Barack Obama has yet to be
taken it's with one of him leaving but
they say that they hear all the pictures
of him and his beautiful family her all
the great moments that you don't
remember from Barack Obama's presidency
here's how sad we are BuzzFeed did this
they did a whole thing about how sad
they were the Barack Obama was leaving
and then he says the press has just been
really tough on him now this is just an
excuse for him to say that the press
would be tough on Trump and they will be
tough on Trump in fact they'll be crazy
about Trump so this is a pretty nutty
story from today the Washington Post ran
a story about sonny perdue and this
story about sonny perdue he's the new
pick for agriculture secretary under
trump this pet and here's the headline
the washington post around any pretty
good former two-term governor of georgia
here was the headline from The
Washington Post quote Trump picks former
Georgia governor sonny Perdue who once
led a prayer for rain for agriculture
secretary I think it's 21 here you going
to see that headline it's so the
headline here is is that here here it is
this is the you can see it right down
the bottom Trump X former Georgia
governor sonny Perdue who once led a
prayer for rain for agriculture
secretary not two-term Georgia governor
first Georgia Republican governor 130
years know the guy who won a prayer for
rain because that's how much the press
hates conservatives hate Republicans
hates religious people that's how the
press is going to treat Trump but the
way that they treated Obama was just
with kid gloves by the way it really is
quite disgusting the press does not
understand why anyone would pray for
rain every major religion has people has
times when you pray for for weather
events it doesn't mean that you're going
to get them by the way but the left
doesn't understand how prayer works
and so they score in all of this and
that's one of the reasons why Trump is
going to be inaugurated as president
tomorrow is specifically because of all
of this so Barack Obama's leaving I
don't actually want to waste more time
talking I had all the way we cut a bunch
of clips and then I realized that I'm
bored with him and I'm just excited to
see him leave so he's actually he'll be
going thank God but the Democrats are
not going to be going and the Democrats
are going to continue to push forward a
narrative that really is
counterproductive Bernie Sanders I say
led this one off and then we'll and then
we'll have to break Bernie Sanders led
this one off he was questioning the Tom
Price the Health and Human Services
Secretary potential secretary listen to
what Bernie Sanders has to say if this
is the new democratic tack it's no
wonder they're losing elections in
landslides across the country the United
States of America is the only major
country on Earth that does not guarantee
health care to all people as a right
Canada does it every major country in
Europe does it do you believe that
health care is a right of all Americans
whether they're rich or they're poor
should people because they are Americans
be able to go to the doctor when they
need to be able to go into a hospital
because there are Americans is it we're
compassionate society no we are not a
compassionate society in terms of our
relationship to poor and working people
our record is worse than virtually any
other country on earth we have the
highest rate of childhood poverty of any
other major country on earth and half of
our seeing older workers have nothing
set aside for retirement so I don't
think compared to other countries we are
particularly compassionate but my
question is in Canada in other countries
all people have the right to get health
care do you believe we should move in
that direction if you want to talk about
other countries health care systems
there are consequences to the decisions
that they made just as they're a
consequence of the decision that we've
made I believe and I look forward to
working with you to make sure that every
single American has access to the
highest quality care and coverage that
is possible as access to does not mean
that they are guaranteed health care I
have access to buying a ten billion
dollar home I don't have the money to do
that and that's why the we we believe
it's appropriate to put in place a
system that gives every person the
financial feasibility to be able to
purchase the coverage that they want for
themselves and for their families second
down what it's really telling here is
where Bernie Sanders just lashes out no
we are not a compassionate society
sure well compassionate enough to put me
in the Senate for a thousand tons even
though I'm 1,000 years old and
completely senile and have never done
anything useful in my entire life sure
you give me a pudding cup every so often
and tell me to stand in the closet sure
you do that but what we're not a
compassionate
okay that's such utter nonsense America
is by far the most generous society on
the face of the earth Americans out
donate Britain in Canada to to one
nations like Italy in Germany 20 to 1
according to the Almanac of American
philanthropy every single income class
except those earning less than $25,000
more than half of the people in that
income class in the United States donate
to charity that top of 1% that Bernie
Sanders loves to hate they give one
third of all charity given in the United
States the wealthiest 1.4 percent of
Americans are responsible for 86% of all
charitable donations made at death more
Americans give charity than vote for
presidents of the United States as far
as are we a compassionate Society
America's growing economy our
blockbuster economy has made the world
rich and we have sliced global extreme
poverty in half in the last 25 years
thanks to the American economy we freed
people all over the world we sacrificed
American lives hundreds of thousands of
American lives to free Japan France
Norway Austria Greece Denmark Korea
Germany Poland Hungary Bulgaria Bulgaria
Kuwait Iraq Afghanistan Germany itself
Bernie Sanders by the way he spent that
time making friends with communist in
Nicaragua anyway as far as poverty in
the United States here's a few research
from last year on poverty in the United
States
vo stands head and shoulders above the
rest of the world more than half of
Americans were high income by the global
standard another 32 percent were upper
middle income in other words almost 9 in
10 Americans had a standard of living
that was above the global middle income
standard how about the American poor
they really hard off are they having a
hard time certainly not compared to
global standards but not even according
to basic standards what you would
consider super poor some ninety six
percent of poor parents in the United
States report their children were never
hungry at any time in the prior year a
poor child in the United States is more
likely to have cable TV a computer a
wide screen plasma TV and Xbox or a TiVo
in their home than to be hungry poor
Americans have more living space in
their homes and the average non poor
Swede Frenchman or German according to
the Heritage Foundation and then you
heard Sanders say that our old people
they don't have savings one of the
reasons they don't have a lot of savings
is because they social security people
don't save because they think Social
Security is their savings plan the fact
is according to Andrew Biggs and
Sylvester Shriver in The Wall Street
Journal despite a supposedly stingy
social secur
and ineffective retirement savings
vehicles the average u.s. retiree has an
income equal to 92 percent of the
average American income handily
outpacing the Scandinavian countries 81%
Germany 85 percent Belgium 77% and many
others and by the way that's more money
since our average income is actually
higher than the average income in those
other countries it's also worth noting
again the Social Security eats up a huge
chunk of our budget but if this is the
play that Democrats are going to make if
this is the way that they're going to
campaign from here on in that Americans
are stingy and terrible it's no wonder
that Donald Trump is going to become
president tomorrow and Donald Trump
should have an easy ride of it if this
is the direction in which Democrats on
the Left are going to move now we have
to break sever we have much more to
discuss I want to talk about what we can
expect from the incoming Trump
administration you know how we should
treat the incoming Trump administration
plus we have the mailbag coming as well
so we'll talk about all of that but to
do that you have to go to daily wire.com
and subscribe if you want to watch live
right now eight bucks a month will get
you a subscription to daily wire comm
you get an annual subscription you still
get a free signed copy of my book true
allegiance my novel true allegiance we
have some other big goodies coming out
in the very near future which I'm very
excited to announce in the next couple
of weeks and that's only for subscribers
so their daily wire comment can become
part of the mailbag which means we'll
take live questions today on the mailbag
from our subscribers at daily wire.com
so go and check it out there or you can
listen to us later at iTunes or
SoundCloud and make sure that you leave
a review and subscribe in iTunes and
SoundCloud we are the largest
conservative podcast in the United
States
Oh
