the websites slate is hosting a panel
next week on how the news media should
cover Donald Trump slate named for the
fact that they're writers have the
intelligence of a roof shingle has
stalked the panel with journalists of
diverse political positions ranging from
the left to the left
moderating the panel for instance will
be CNN's fair-minded anchorman brian
Stelter who has had the fair on his mind
ever since he won a stuffed giraffe
there by throwing baseballs at a milk
bottle Stelter issued a statement saying
quote in covering Donald Trump we want
to make sure that we are as objective
about this hate-filled racist scum ball
as we were about the good and saintly
president who preceded him who was also
handsome to the point of being arousing
and I'm totally straight I swear unquote
Stelter went on to say while reporting
on Trump at no time do we want our
personal opinions to get in the way of
our destroying him and salting the earth
where once he trod sleights
editor-in-chief Carlotta hysterics will
also be on the panel and we'll discuss
Trump's effects on women in a loud
shriek e voice before swooning away miss
hysterics told reporters quote during
the campaign we went berserk everytime
Trump opened his mouth while covering up
the failures and corruption of the
Democrats and that didn't work so now
what personally after going berserk in
line I feel I've used up all the
techniques I learned in journalism
school and I'm looking for some fresh
ideas unquote another panelist will be
dusty remnant the fourth the chief
editor of The New Yorker and author of
the book if not Park Slope then where
know really where remnant wrote a brief
seventy three thousand word essay about
the upcoming panel which said in part
quote the whiplash like flabbergast Rijn
of disorienting from our frabjous Obama
Lissa miss to this suicidal fathom issue
of Don Aldean melancholia his cormorants
cyka deal boric Aunty masataka hoopla I
guess he got tired of looking up words
in the thesaurus about halfway through
that the final panelist will be
Univision anchorman or gate kill all
Gringo's although to be fair I'm not
sure whether that's his name or just his
tattoo mister Gringo's told reporters
quote Trump is different from other
presidents because when we ruthlessly
attack him he
ruthlessly attacks us back that's
anti-american which I usually consider a
good thing but not in this case after
all there's a first amendment in our
country well not in our country but in
your country which would be our country
if you hadn't stolen it
you young ki dogs unquote among the
topics the panel will discuss fake news
and how to report it narrative and truth
what's the diff and burn in hell Donald
Trump will get you if it's the last
thing we do actually that last one may
just be a piece of graffiti on the wall
of slates news room participating
journalists say they look forward to
holding the discussion and then
vanishing into complete irrelevance
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right it's mailbag day yeah smell
but and it's also I am so excited my
blue apron stuff is coming today
I got you got this email it is it this
is very cool this is this this it's our
new sponsor and they send you a meal
that you you prepare yourself with these
fresh top-notch ingredients and it's
instead of it's like 10 bucks a meal but
instead of just sending out for some
stuff that's gonna look if you feeling
bad about yourself this is a really
really good meal that comes to your door
they deliver it to your door and it's
easy to prepare takes about I don't know
like they say 30 to 40 minutes and every
this is like every single human being in
LA is doing this this is what they do
now said look we got this mail your your
blue aprons on the way these are the
meals pibbly style pork with spinach and
citrus rights I mean this is like
gourmet eating seared chicken and mashed
potatoes with kale mushrooms and the
juice Indonesian spiced salmon this is
what they sent me with freaking and
marinade ration this shows up at my door
tonight and then I would like to pretend
that I'm going to cook it but in fact my
wife is gonna because otherwise it's
dangerous so listen this is I'm telling
you every every single human being Jay
you've done this you loved it right okay
so it's like you can customize it any
way you want they send you new recipes
you can try this for free we are going
to let you try this for free you can
check out this week's menu and get your
first three meals free with free
shipping by going to blue apron dot-com
/ Andrew please put that in so they know
I sent you blue apron comm / Andrew you
will love how good it feels and tastes
to create incredible home-cooked meals
with blue apron so don't wait that's
blue apron dot-com / Andrew blue apron a
better way to cook three meals for free
that's cool
so they arrived today and you will hear
all about it next week I will let you
know and but you can try it out yourself
for free so we can compare notes alright
before we get to the mailbag which we
will get to I have to talk about the
events of yesterday
incredibly focused the narrative of
what's going on because this is a
historic moment there's no question
we're living through
history and you know when when you're in
the midst of history it's hard to see
what's going on you're in the midst of
this maelstrom and people are everybody
has an opinion and also everybody has
interest they have skin in the game so
they're telling you what they they think
it means but it's really what they think
the best interpretation for them is come
to the show
we have no skin in the game we're gonna
be dead soon so we're just telling you
what we see and so yesterday we're gonna
get to this Chelsea Manning Obama
pardoning Chelsea Manning that is an
amazing amazing story but before we do
that I want to put it in context of
everything that's happening because as
we talked about yesterday that having
this meeting in Davos Switzerland that
they have every January where the most
powerful rich people on earth sit down
and decide how they're going to rule our
lives and these are people from all over
the world and this is kind of it's kind
of the they call it Davos man you know
it's kind of like this is the
globalization gang okay this is the gang
that basically thinks what do they call
it the world is flat the world is flat
and and yesterday was joking that it's
like Versailles and I'm gonna show you
how like Versailles it is I would
versailles right before the French
Revolution right where everybody's a
king and they're discussing things and
suddenly they look out the window and
it's over that's the end of that so all
these rich people are sitting there and
they're discussing globalization in
light of brexit and light of Donald
Trump and all this stuff but they don't
really understand that the people are
rising up and challenging their vision
their vision is that the world is just a
marketplace it's a marketplace and
everybody's happier when the markets are
free and there's no such you know
culture ideas it's just really how to
run the marketplace so you know yeah and
and listen a lot of this is worked like
I said it has brought poverty down
around the world so if you don't mind if
you're a German girl and you don't mind
being raped by Syrian immigrants you
know it's great it's great for them
they're doing great you know if like
you're a French lady and you don't mind
the fact that there are neighborhoods in
Paris where you can't go anymore
hey it's fine if you know if you live in
the Midwest and you have no job and
you're killing yourself with
prescription opiates you know it's like
but think of the poverty rate going down
but
and you know and if and if you happen to
have a religion and believe that you are
in a relationship with God that is
guiding your life and guiding your
children's life and you want to do live
out that religion forget about the
Constitution's right to do it because
they if it gets in the way of their
vision of how this is being done they
don't want any part of it so part of
this the one of the biggest proponents
of this is Thomas Friedman he wrote a
book I think was called the world is
flat and he is just a cheerleader for
globalization and so he's talking to
John Kerry who is Davos man you know
it's like incarnate basically and he
asks him about the election of Donald
Trump and here's what Kerry said
Thurston now from Gilligan's Island who
sounds exactly like John Kerry there's
absolutely no difference for me all
right so that's not what they're talking
about whether Kerry's making this
presentation being interviewed by Thomas
Friedman who you know he's on the op-ed
page of The Times which I call
knucklehead Row and it's one of the
chief of knuckleheads on knucklehead row
and he's and Kerry is touting this Iran
deal because oh how global it is that we
guess you know let let Iran have its
nukes you know with it and and Thomas
Frieden is just sick at what's happening
in the world and listen carefully to
what John Kerry says people here mr.
secretary myself included who are
walking around the pit in their stomach
a fear that so many of the things you
just articulated and achieved could be
reversed in a week I don't believe there
will be I just don't believe that I mean
take a round for instance if the United
States were to decide suddenly and say
hey we're not going to pursue this and
so forth I'll bet you I haven't talked
to all of them but I'll bet you that our
friends and allies who negotiated this
with us will get together and that
Russia China Germany France and Britain
will say you know what this is a good
deal we're gonna keep it and Iran and
the rest of it and they will keep them
and we'll have made ourselves the odd
personnel will have injured our own
credibility in conceivably irreparable
way not irreparable things time and you
know
just too dramatic but but we will have
done great injury to ourselves and it
will hurt for the endurance of you know
a year two years whatever while the
administration is there but it's
unnecessary because what these people a
year or two years while the
administration is there right so the
Donald Trump is not gonna last more than
a year or two years and you know John
Kerry's there to represent the world
he's not there to represent American
interests he's there to represent the
world and if we pull out you know the
world is going to take care of this
without that's what those guys are
talking about over there you know the
only it's only a year it's only a year
two years will be will get rid of Donald
Donald Trump thing isn't going to last
it's not gonna be not gonna be like a
presidency or anything like that is it
is it dot-eu no no it's not gonna be you
know I mean this is these that's what
these guys are talking they are not
listening at all they do not see the
pitchforks they don't see the torches
like like Frank it's landing the castle
just before the mob arrives you know and
listen the thing is the newspaper the
Thomas Friedman worked for the New York
Times is cutting its budget against
firing it you know they just released
this eighty seven hundred word report
that our friends at News Buster's got
ahold of and it's it's saying what you
know it's one of those things if you've
ever worked for a corporation I have you
know they they have this corporate speak
where they say good news everyone's
fired you know they they make it sound
like it's a good thing and so this is
how the New York Times is gonna change
first they're gonna fire people they say
they're gonna have budget cuts they're
gonna be firing and we're gonna change
the way we cover the news stories
written in a dense institutional
language that fails to clarify important
subjects and feels alien to younger
readers this is one of the problems they
have a long string of text when a
photograph the he or chart would be more
eloquent how about just a cartoon like
they're gonna dumb the paper down
because they can't read because they
think nobody's listening to them because
of the way they're presented instead of
the fact that they lie all the time they
just say and this and they and what they
really need to do is increase the
diversity of our newsroom so they're
gonna hire some conservatives
haha more people of color more women
more people from outside as long as they
all agree they can look like anything
they want they can and it so so this is
and this is Hollywood too by the way you
know one of the reasons you ask yourself
in Hollywood which once spread American
values to the world what Hollywood the
Hollywood that was invented you know by
the Jews basically and you know back in
the 30s and 40s spread American values
all over the world you know Humphrey
Bogart John Wayne these are people faces
that were recognized all over the world
who represented who we are why are they
so anti-american because of the global
market they know they can bring out
their stinky little anti Afghanistan
anti George W Bush picture and somewhere
in France someone will buy some popcorn
and sad knew it I knew there's Americans
I never likes them you know then they
and they're gonna make their money back
because those movies bomb and bomb and
bump but they've they're fine in France
so these guys are this thing is falling
apart around them and they are not
letting go they have got their fingers
in they're gonna if they if the New York
Times has to reduce itself to cartooning
to keep selling their crappy little
leftist global vision they're gonna keep
doing it so now let's talk about the
pardon of Bradley ney Bradley now
Chelsea Manning okay this is Obama
pardons this guy commuted his sentence
he was sentenced I think the 35 years
he's gonna let him out after seven years
this is the guy just to remind you he
was Private Bradley Manning he was in
Iraq I think he was a low-level you know
as a private he was a low-level
intelligence guy and he released 750,000
emails just kind of a dump to WikiLeaks
which then spread them around now
remember two days ago one day ago
WikiLeaks was the greatest villain on
earth because they had released John
Podesta's email showing that the
Democratic Party just cares about power
and is a cynical bunch of political
hacks okay and that was evil that was
all that was Russia or WikiLeaks is in
with Russia this is terrible
this guy released stuff that showed our
app operational strategy in Afghanistan
showed who we were talking to in
Afghanistan who was cooperating with us
you know Catherine Herridge the great
State Department
reporter for Fox News I don't have this
clip but she came on on Bret Baier show
yesterday and said look my people are
telling me that after this happened
the Taliban went on it kills brief I
mean these papers were found in Osama
bin Laden's computer when they took him
out so you know she said they went on a
kill spree if there was an indication
that we were working with a guy you know
named Fred they just went out and killed
everybody named Fred they didn't care
whether they got the real guy or not
they were just spreading terror hears
Obama explaining his decision to let
this guy go I don't know because he's a
lame duck I get it but he is gonna do as
much damage as he can
now remember when this happened when
this happened this was the worst thing
ever the Secretary of State I can't
remember what her name was but she
condemned it in the harshest possible
terms the United States strongly
condemns the illegal disclosure of
classified information
it puts people's lives in danger
threatens our national security and
undermines our efforts to work with
other countries to solve shared problem
so I'm gonna tell what was your name
who knows nobody now so it doesn't
matter what we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube we're gonna
continue this discussion I'm gonna tell
you how this narrative fits together if
you come to the Daily wire calm if you
subscribe to The Daily wire calm for a
lousy crummy eight bucks a month come on
you can be in the mailbag ask questions
even ask questions while I speak I will
change your life on the spot like that
see over at the daily walk
