many of you may be wondering what's
going on politically in California and
how can we make it stop well good news
in electing Kamala Harris to replace
Barbara Boxer as our US Senator we have
raised the intelligence of our
representation a hundredfold so that our
senator is now an idiot instead of a
walking turnip sculpted into a shape
vaguely reminiscent of Barbara Boxer and
named Barbara Boxer senator Harris's
inspiring stupidity was on display last
week when she questioned Mike Pompeo
Pompeo is Donald Trump's appointment to
head the Central Intelligence Agency and
Senator Harris grilled Pompeo on all the
important things a CIA director has to
know when quote CIA analysts look for
deeper causes of rising instability in
the world one of the causes those CIA
analysts see as the is the impact of
climate change do you have any reason to
doubt the assessment of these CIA
analysts senator Harris I haven't had a
chance to read those materials with
respect to climate change I do know the
agency's role there its role is to
collect foreign intelligence now before
you think Harris is being completely
irrational let me point out that she
clarified her climate change remarks by
saying that oleaginous winter chickens
walk on the smoke-filled iron of
Mandalay and okay that doesn't make much
sense either but it's a little bit more
reasonable than asking a prospective CIA
director about the weather senator
Harris went on to raise another urgent
CIA issue gay marriage Harris asked
Pompeo if his opposition to gay marriage
meant he'd be unwilling to hire gay
people which is very important because
if there are no gay people in the CIA
who's going to seduce information out of
those louche olive-skinned young men
wearing white suits and smoking perfumed
cigarettes in the casbah now I do have
to admit that these exchanges made me
wonder if Pompeo was ready for the CIA
job after all our top spy should be able
to keep his composure even when
irrational people like Kamala Harris are
gibbering nonsense in his face about
irrelevant issues personally I want to
top spy who can look at a blithering
dunderhead like Senator Harris and
coolly light the fuse of a bomb
cigarette before driving away in his
aston martin db10 spectre preferably
with a shapely blonde double agent with
a 36 bra size as opposed to a 36 IQ
instead pump heyo gaped at Kamala Harris
with an expression that seemed to say oh
I'm late for my Senate confirmation
hearing and I seem to have accidentally
wandered into a screen test for the new
reality show ten random questions to ask
a guy all the same I feel confident that
as long as Kamala Harris is one of
California senators our homosexual spies
will be cultivating sources among the
clouds in order to keep tabs on any
suspicious weather please get me out of
California please trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
it's the mailbag tomorrow all right
get your questions in you heard this you
we are bringing what we're bringing
people to God we're getting them married
this is a full-service podcast if you
write in if you subscribe to The Daily
wire for a lousy eight bucks a month you
can ask your questions and we will
change your life prefer hopefully for
the better it could be it could just be
the other way around but we'll try our
best ask any question you want if you
don't want me to mention your name you
want ask a personal question go ahead so
here's here's what happened to me
yesterday I'm having coffee with Jeremy
boring the god-king of The Daily wire
and we're discussing this thing that
Trump said where he said everybody's
gonna get insurance you know every no
matter whether they can afford it and
and I said to Jeremy you know I have no
I you know cuz we're worried that Trump
is gonna veer off to the left cuz he's
kind of had this history of going
left-wing and I said I don't know what
he means when he says that and I don't
think any of the experts know what he
means I don't think his transition team
knows what he means I'm not sure Trump
knows what he means so I go home and I'm
watching Bret Baier show and he's got
pulitzer prize-winning commentator john
scrout hammer-on and he says what do you
think of this comment about everybody
getting crowder and says i don't know
what he means and i don't think his team
know what he sees and I wait I'm doing
Pulitzer prize-winning commentator here
because nobody knows what's going on
which is one of the reasons we here at
the Daily wire keep trying to get you to
go and look at Birch gold don't listen
to what I say about it just go to the
Birch gold site Birch WWH cunt gold WWE
Bert gold calm slash Andrew and get
there 16-page you know in free
information kit on physical precious
metals the thing is historically gold
precious metals keep their value more
than cash and the thing is that cash can
be a very volatile asset in these
uncertain times
so Birch gold is has this long-standing
track record what they do is they sell
you physical
they will deliver it to your door and
right now thanks to a little-known IRS
tax law you can even move your IRA or
eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver so go to WWE
andrew and get this 16 page free
information kit there's not obligation
birch gold has a long-standing track
record of continued success thousands of
satisfied clients countless five-star
reviews and an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau I don't think there is
anything above the A+ rating with the
Better Business Bureau
contact Birch gold for this free
information information kit on physical
precious metals it's a 16 page kit which
reveals how gold and silver can protect
your savings and how you can legally
move your IRA or 401k out of risky
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA no cost no obligation get the
kit really find out about this whether
this is whether you're young or old you
do not want the value of your
investments to disappear go to WWE and
rou WWF gold calm slash Andrew and one
day I'll learn how to speak and you'll
know where you should go to find this
out but you should really just check it
out look at the kit don't take my word
for it alright so Donald Trump is
driving me and the rest of the
commentariat crazy because he goes
around and he says these things and two
new polls and it seems to be affecting
whatever is happening seems to be
affecting his popularity too nope new
polls one from CNN and another conducted
jointly by ABC News in the Washington
Post showed Trump to be the least
popular incoming president in modern
history
Trump's approval rating in the CNN poll
released Tuesday sat is just 40 percent
44 points below the 84 percent that
President Barack Obama took office with
in 2009 okay now Trump of course
immediately tweeted out these are the
same stupid people who took the polls
and said I couldn't win the election but
you know a lot of those polls especially
the national polls were right they were
right on the numbers it just didn't
occur to anybody that the national poll
number don't matter because we have an
electoral college system congressman
Sean Duffy who was on the Trump's on
Trump's transition team said what's
actually happening here
the public fight that mr. Trump is
having with CNN and other media groups
is taking some skin off his poll numbers
and it's gone down but he says he'll get
it back the thing is like I personally
and I've talked about this I have a
piece up on PJ media my clayvin on the
culture blog at PJ Media that you can
read it was put up on Real Clear
Politics and it's getting a lot of
response from a lot of people who agree
with it usually no matter what I say
somebody is attacking me but this piece
seems to have really hit a nerve I'm
feeling Glee I am feeling genuine Glee
because I had all these doubts about
Trump I still have them I didn't like
the way he ran his campaign I didn't
like the attacks on guys like Ted Cruz's
father killing Kennedy all that nonsense
all that stuff follows me obviously the
remarks about women not you know sad big
leader you know so so all that's a
really worried me about him I have been
experienced I think he's doing great so
far
because forget about what he says for
just a minute and what the president
says is important but forget about I
think his picks for his cabinet are
serious he said I am going to pick the
best people remember everybody would say
well what do you know about anything he
said I'm going to pick the best people I
knew the best people and he did he did
these guys are great I like them all I
liked Tillerson I like sessions
I like the I'm especially thrilled about
Betty de vocÃªs that her name the
education lady she's up for I think her
hearing start this week you know so I'm
watching what he does and it seems like
he has learned something in the last
part of the last three or four weeks of
his campaign we're different than the
rest of his campaign that were more
elevated that were smarter there were on
message but but when he gives these
interviews he says things and again I
don't know what they mean and nobody
knows what they mean and they're driving
the commentary at crazy Bret Stevens has
a column this morning Brett Stevens very
anti-trump really dislikes him but but
he he it's a really interesting column
because it's just you hear the
frustration the craziness you know while
this is going on in Davos Switzerland
which I feel that they should be renamed
Versailles because that's what Davos
Switzerland they're all meeting this is
where all the globalists billionaires go
and they meet and they discuss you know
global and how they're going to
globalize the economy they've got it all
figured out
right now they're looking out the window
and there are all these people standing
outside with pitchforks and torches you
know and it's like
excuse me but maybe things like you know
that they got brexit they got Donald
Trump people are saying we don't like
this this global movement that has been
going on since World War two has done
some good things first of all it kept
Germany England and France from killing
each other for a couple of years they
stopped they stopped fighting wars for
the first time in history so that was a
good thing poverty is dropping around
the world third world I mean it's
virtually disappearing the way that
poverty is going down you know really
should make the heart sing and you know
all these third world countries a lot of
poverty is vanishing but but in rich
countries inequality is skyrocketing
unemployment is skyrocketing or in
places like Britain where unemployment
is not skyrocketing wages are stagnating
because these clowns keep want to
control everything and they don't know
they don't know what they don't know
they don't know when that socialism
causes societies to split into two
capitalism has this graded steps you
have the poor going up step by step step
by step to the rich socialism it's just
the rich guys and the government the
powerful guys and government and the
rest of us and that's what they have
moved toward plus plus you know people
like their countries they want their
countries to be their countries they
don't want Syrian immigrants coming in
sweeping in molesting women you know
holding these religious beliefs that are
not incompatible with Western
civilization that may not be compatible
with civilization at all you know just
because you sit in a room in Davos
sipping champagne and you have a theory
that everybody can get along doesn't
mean you're right and it doesn't mean
that life on the ground is any good when
you have wimp places in Paris in Paris
where women can't go you have made a
mistake and it's on you it's not on the
little people it's not on the ladies who
can't go into these places anymore
getting grabbed in the streets of
Germany you know it's on you guys in
Davos and when they say say when they
elect Donald Trump they're sending you a
very loud message and the thing is you
know these these revolutions are
frequently how can I put it
blunt blade takes blunt instruments you
know there's a famous quote let me see
if I have it here I think
there's a famous quote by Edmund Burke
Edmund Burke is like the founder of
modern conservatism right a Parliament
Air British parliamentarian and he wrote
a very famous essay on the French
Revolution he was Burke was right about
everything
was it amazing he was amazing if you saw
the French Revolution he said this is
bad
he saw the American Revolution said this
is good you know he just got it and his
reflections on the French Revolution
where he talked about the the worth of
tradition and all these things is a
founding document everyone should read
it is a beautiful writer and it's a
founding document of conservatism here
is just one little paragraph from it the
most wonderful things are brought about
in many instances by means of the most
absurd and ridiculous in the most
ridiculous modes and apparently by the
most contemptible instruments everything
seems out of nature in this strange
chaos of levity and ferocity and of all
sorts of crimes jumbled together with
all sorts of Follies in viewing this
monstrous tragic comic scene the most
opposite passions necessarily succeed
and sometimes mix with each other in the
mind alternate contempt and indignation
alternate laughter and tears alternate
scorn and horror and so what he's saying
is that sometimes you know when these
big changes come they come in this kind
of comedy of strangeness and he says
talked about contemptible instruments
and that's what a lot of commentaries
are looking at in Donald Trump they
can't believe the things that are coming
out of his mouth
so here's Brett Stevens talking about
Donald Trump and he says first we at
Donald Trump's press conference attack
on CNN's Jim you are fake news Acosta
then a salvo against the pharmaceutical
industry which Trump said is getting
away with murder mr. Trump also accused
intelligence agencies of leaking a smear
against him asking in a tweet are we
living in Nazi Germany this was followed
by an interview with British and German
newspapers in which mr. Trump called
NATO obsolete dismissed the European
Union as basically a vehicle for Germany
and threatened to slap a 35% tariff on
BMW wanted to build a plant in Mexico
the president can't do that by the way
oh and the feud with John Lewis the
congressman from Georgia we know about
this we talked about this yesterday he
attacked Trump Trump attacked them back
so say this for mr. Trump says Brett
Stevens he has no use for Pyatt 'yes mr.
Lewis is routinely described in the
presses a Civil Rights icon the next
president could not care less Wall
Street Journal Republicans believe that
business decisions should be left to
business as a Friday those businesses
will do as mr. Trump says NATO to old
the EU not salvageable the Fourth Estate
a fraud
the folks at Langley a new cast Oppo all
this Bates mr. Trump's critics this
columnist not least into fits of moral
outrage which is probably his intention
nobody in life or literature is more
tedious than the prig yelling is nothing
sacred
liberals intent on spending the next
four years in a state of high decibel
indignation and constant panic are
paving the way to mr. Trump's reelection
if you want to see this played out on
television watch Joe Scarborough go nuts
discussing that you can barely get the
words out look at this it's exhausting I
mean speaking of white rule say outside
another rule we can fight one battle at
a time don't come at me and tell me that
you want to take on this that I'd tell
myself one battle at a time all right
and we cleared the decks of that and
they'll get this weekend alone and I'm
sorry that's just I'm just gonna say I'm
just gonna say this does not this does
not last long this does not continue
there is a breaking point it just it is
he's not even sworn in yet his numbers
will collapse into the 20s yeah
if this continues just like Nick and I
predicted we've said it as you know just
like we predicted he could win the
Republican nomination I'm telling you
this will not last this weekend alone
Harold he is he's in fights right now
with the preeminent civil rights leader
in America with the entire intelligence
community perhaps the most important
community to have on your side as
president and the most dangerous to
cross politically the single most
important military alliance of our time
according to his own Secretary of
Defense NATO and the
single most important leader in all of
Europe Angela Merkel that's just on this
holiday weekend this will not last
that's great you're barely gonna you
think that way they usually read what
President Obama said because he's a lame
duck yeah all right we got to say
goodbye to Facebook in YouTube
the laughs will continue at the daily
wire.com subscribe and you can be in the
mailbag tomorrow which will be a little
uncomfortable but when we take you out
of the mailbag we will answer all your
questions
