still a closely held corporation and
still his sons in charge of it and then
at the very end he drops this little
line buddy so this is all just so you
understand these papers because I'm not
sure that was explained properly but
these papers are all just a piece of the
many many companies that are being put
into trust to be run by my two sons that
I hope at the end of eight years I'll
come back and I'll say oh you did a good
job otherwise if they do a bad job I'll
say you're fired goodbye everybody so
that last line right there he throws
that off as a joke that he's going to
leave it there for eight years and he'll
come back and take back over the
business is gonna pick it back up now
here is the problem with this little
routine here is the big problem I am I
mentioned this yesterday I'm the editor
in chief of the daily wire if I go on
vacation and I say to our managing
editor I want you to run the site for a
week if you do a crappy job and I come
back and I see the traffic has dropped
by three corners defy it who's really in
charge of the daily wire is the managing
editor or is it me well it's made
because I still have the power to fire
correct beyond that you assume that when
Trump pink makes a big deal with some
other corporation that trumps going to
know about it's a trumpet I won't know
anything that's going on down and Eric
they won't tell me what's going up yeah
except that if there's a big headline on
front page of the New York Times Trump
Inc signs contract with AT&T to build a
new AT&T Center in charlotte right you
figure that trumps probably going to
read that how do you think Trump's going
to treat that next time the AT&T people
come to him for permission to merge with
Time Warner like and they say we want is
we want to make a deal with Time Warner
how is that going to go yeah that's why
this is so it really is a sticky wicket
it's not easy to solve but this is
insufficient in the office of government
ethics has said that it's a pretty
insufficient policy so listen I hope
that there's never any conflict i hope
that Trump operates this in the cleanest
possible manner I don't think the Trump
is looking to personally enrich himself
off of the presidency is very rich man's
begin with I assume that after he's
president lots of people will want to
buy his brand still so you know I don't
think that's what's going on but if you
want Trump to avoid the appearance of
impropriety is this doesn't exactly work
