the left ardently desires to paint all
Republicans as racist
none more so than Trump Attorney General
appointment Senator Jeff Sessions
sessions has been hit with allegations
of racism over and over he's got actual
racist al Sharpton protesting him
senator Cory Booker Democrat of New
Jersey is scheduled to testify against
sessions presumably on the basis of race
and also because Booker is preparing to
run for president in 2020 but the left's
desire for the racism charge doesn't
stop with sessions it affects even his
grandchildren here is MTV News culture
writer IRA Madison the third not the
second of the first he wrote sessions
sir kindly returned this Asian baby to
the toys-r-us you stole her from and
it's a picture of Jeff sessions with a
small Asian child on his lap and they
says the girl on sessions lap is not
adopted it's his granddaughter which is
not surprising there's no reason for
that child to be in his lap and hearing
other than to send and I'm not racist
message why is she a prop sessions
argued for policy that in the 1880s was
used to discriminate against
asian-americans in fact Americans have
long used asian-americans as model
minority since the rise of the Civil
Rights Act etc etc etc so basically what
he is suggesting is that this asian
child is just a prop he so you know
what's what's the point of all of this
the point of all of this is that
sessions grant authorization that
doesn't mean that he doesn't secretly
hate Asians and everyone else wasn't
white which is disgusting sessions has
always been tough on illegal immigration
and in favor of heavy restrictions on
legal immigration
that's not race specific or race centric
as for the aesthetic of a granddaughter
sitting on sessions lap during the
hearing is that supposed to be
off-putting or politically gauche I mean
Nancy Pelosi did it
we saw Bill and Hillary Clinton do it
this isn't the first time leftists have
attacked a Republican for the sin of
cross-racial grandchildren in December
2013 an entire MSNBC panel mocked the
Romney family for having a black
grandchild Melissa harris-perry was
actually forced to apologize on-air for
it but this is how many on the Left
field
Republicans aren't allowed to have cross
racial relatives or friends because
they're obviously terrible racists or
perhaps they're not the terrible racist
maybe the actual terrible racists are
the people who think that anyone who
disagrees with them has to be incapable
of racial acceptance the people who
connect race and politics inextricably
people who make jokes about Asian dolls
from toys-r-us for example i'm ben
shapiro this is the bench
Oh show
all righty so here we are it's a
brand-new day and lots to talk about
first in breaking news apparently the
Trump administration is not going to be
putting the the US Embassy in Israel in
Jerusalem there they're going to be
leaving it in Tel Aviv that's not a
tremendous shock except for the fact
that they've been promised a bunch of
times but not a huge surprise we'll talk
about that a little bit more tomorrow in
detail but the big story of the day is
obviously the Jeff Sessions hearing the
the Attorney General of the United
States Trump's appointment to the
attorney generalship he's being ripped
apart by the left we will get to all of
that in just one second as well as the
innate leftism the innate racism of the
left in one second but first we have to
say hello to our advertisers at Bull and
branch and thank you to them obviously
for helping to sponsor the program
Boland branch fantastic company
I've now ordered three pairs of sheets
from Boleyn branch because they are so
good these are the most comfortable
sheets I've ever slept on they are
first-rate I'm somebody doesn't sleep
well normally I sleep very lightly and
sheet quality I never knew until you
have great sheets you actually don't
know what you're missing you don't know
what it's like to sleep on a good sheet
until you've actually slept on a good
sheet and so I've been sleeping on you
know tarps that I get from the local gas
station but then I got ball and branch
and I got to say that the quality of the
sheets is fantastic I sleep better they
breathe they're very comfortable and
they make everything from bedding to
blankets it's made from pure 100%
organic cotton which means they start
out super soft and then they get
actually softer over time I can attest I
love them apparently three ex-presidents
sleep on bull and branch sheets which
means that a lot of other people who are
not married to those presidents if
you're Bill Clinton presumably also have
slept and enjoyed bull and branch sheets
but the sheets themselves are fantastic
right now you go there and you get $50
off your first order from bull and
branch 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets at bull and branch calm promo
code Ben luxury sheets like really
really nice sheets can cost like $1,000
bill and branch sheets run a couple
hundred bucks it sounds expensive until
you realize that you sleep on those
sheets like all the time right every
night you can wash them once a week and
that's it you the same parish it's
fantastic so 50% of $50 off your first
set of sheets from Boland branch at bull
and Brit Bull & branch calm promo code
Ben bull and branch comm promo club and
I really cannot recommend this product
highly enough I okay I really do love my
Boleyn branch sheets
and as I say I have gone out and bought
three pairs of them myself because I
like them so much so beyond the
advertiser discount that I get I
actually went out and bought the product
cuz it's that good okay so lots to get
to we begin today with the with the
hubbub over Jeff session so the senator
from Alabama who I know a little bit
personally he's always been very cordial
to me very nice guy he's also been
slammed as a racist by people on the
left without real evidence so here is
what they say to call him a racist and
we can just implode these myths right
now apparently there was it back in the
1980s the Democrats smeared him with
accusations of racism which included
calling a black attorney boy equipping
about the KKK joking that a white
attorney was a traitor to his race
because he was collaborating with civil
rights group calling the n-double a-c-p
and ACLU on American and prosecuting a
civil rights organization for voter
fraud except that pretty much all of
those remarks were made in front of a
black lawyer and even the lawyer who
accused sessions of racism acknowledge
that sessions was clearly joking so he
just didn't like the jokes and then he
accused sessions of being a real-life
racist well honest-to-goodness if every
joke did anybody ever made that has a
racial undertone were taken seriously
then I'm pretty certain that almost 100%
of the population would be labeled a
racist in these sorts of hearings and
that's what Democrats do they like to
they can't find any evidence in in
sessions record of actual racism instead
what they seek to do is dredge up old
conversations in which he told the joke
that somebody didn't like that must mean
that he's a racist that's really gross
the weekly standards mark Hemingway is
written about this he says the US
attorney sessions filed several cases to
desegregate schools in Alabama he
prosecuted the head of the State Klan
Henry Francis Hayes from ducting and
killing Michael Donald a black teenager
selected at random he insisted on the
death penalty when he was elected the
state attorney general sessions followed
through he made sure Hayes was executed
the successful prosecution of Hayes led
to a seven million dollar civil judgment
against the Klan which effectively
destroyed the KKK in Alabama the left
doesn't like sessions because sessions
is a very hardcore law-and-order guy
he's not going to be cracking down on
police for stupid reasons like the the
Holder Justice Department in the Lynch
Justice Department have done he's very
strong any legal immigration he was
asked at the hearings this morning about
the deferred action for childhood
arrivals program under Barack Obama he
said look we're going to enforce the law
it's Congress has drawn the job to make
the law it's my job to enforce
this is exactly right this is how
government is supposed to work the
executive branch is the executive branch
they execute it is not their job to
individually rewrite law I'm good for
sessions well the left must declare him
a liar that's that's what they have to
do they have to declare him a liar and
racist and so they are now trotting out
all sorts of people saying this the
Democratic Party has released a video
about Jeff session suggesting that he is
of course a racist when Donald Trump
needed to find an attorney general all
he had to do was look to his alt-right
Republican Senator Jeff Sessions was a
US Attorney in Alabama when then
President Ronald Reagan nominated him
for the federal court but the
appointment broke down at sessions 1986
confirmation hearing when allegations
over his alleged racial remarks took
center stage Jeff Sessions is a man
ahead of his time he was all trite when
it was still just called racism Thomas
figures a black former assistant US
attorney in Alabama testified sessions
called him boy joked about the Ku Klux
Klan and warned him about the way he
spoke to white people that was then but
who is Jeff Sessions now session is
still a racist Jeff session has shown
both in his career as a US Attorney but
also in his career as a United States
Senator has been a hostility to the
enforcement of civil rights particularly
in the area of voting rights
he's also opposed to same-sex marriage
roe v wade equal pay the Violence
Against Women Act and universal
background checks for gun purchases so
they're saying that he's against
same-sex marriage and it doesn't make
you a bad nominee for attorney general
lots of people are roe v wade is the
worst legal decision in american history
outside of Dred Scott equal pay he's not
against equal pay he's against the the
federal government making it easy to to
sue people based on no evidence of wage
discrimination the Violence Against
Women Act he's not against the against
against prosecuting violence against
women the Violence Against Women Act
contained some provisions that were not
good in rama in actual application
universal background checks on guns he's
opposed because they're useless and
stupid so the idea here is they don't
like his agenda therefore Jeff Sessions
must be a racist and this is how the
left always act and then they wonder why
this
this car just doesn't have any weight
anymore there are actual racists in the
United States there are actually alright
people not all people who call
themselves alt writer actually alright
there are actual Richard Spencer Jared
Taylor type all right people who are
actual out honest-to-goodness racists
when you lump in Jeff sessions with
those people all you're doing is making
those people appear legitimate not
making sessions appear illegitimate and
that's really stupid to the left but
they can't help themselves
they've gone off the rails they've been
off the rails for a long time it's just
that Trump I think has sent them finally
over that last cliff so all the
protesters showed up at this at the
sessions hearing again if these people
think that this is going to stop
sessions or do anything except make
Americans think that radical leftists
are out of their damn minds they have to
they have to be joking here here's code
pink at the at the event this is what
they were doing why am I being taken out
of here this man is evil you're evil do
not vote for Jim sessions yes we should
take you say his name is Jeff shit
here the crazy code pink ladies this is
saying he's evil don't vote for Bob o
sessions don't vote for Demetrius
sessions he gave again get his name
right I'm not going to take you very
seriously on whether you think that he's
a real threat to the Republic I don't
remember being back in nineteen thirty
nine people going I can't believe that
we're going to have to fight this evil
evil dictator Hans Hitler if you had
said that then people might have said
well his name's a I'm not going to no no
he was she wasn't the only one a bunch
of people dressed up in in KKK outfits
showed up as well it was definitely look
like
with day jobs people wonder what
leftists disco protest is because a lot
of them don't have jobs also if you're
if you're gonna really go through the
effort of dressing up as a KKK member
and shouting go Jeffy go when you
actually get something that looks a
little more like a KKK outfit not like
you just went in the bathroom ripped off
a couple of pieces of paper towel and
wrap them around your head that's pretty
weak to you right there I mean like like
really go full-out if you really going
to protest in this fashion let me just
suggest that you really you know go out
for the for the costumes I think that
hard in goodness gracious so these
people show up and they make asses of
themselves and this is supposed to
convince Americans that sessions is a
racist or does it just convince you that
people on the Left have lost their damn
minds
I'm going to go with the latter
meanwhile sessions came out and he he
immediately gives a statement he says of
course I abhor the Klan this you know
should go without saying but here is
senator sessions on this let me address
another issue straight on I was accused
in 1986 I'm failing to protect the
Voting Rights of African Americans by
presenting the Perry County case the
voter fraud case and of condemning civil
rights advocates and organizations and
even harboring amazingly sympathies for
the KKK these addenda Blee false charges
Bob poor the Klan and what it represents
and it's hateful ideology insisted on
Marsh Dees of the Southern Poverty Law
Center his lawsuit that led to the
successful collapse of the Klan at least
in Alabama the seizure of their building
at least for that period of time as
Civil Rights Division attorneys have
testified before the committee I
supported fully their historic chases
that the Justice Department filed to
advance civil rights and that I
supported including cases to desegregate
schools abolish at-large elections for
cities county commissions and school
boards these at-large elections were
mechanism used to block african-american
candidates from being able to be elected
to boards and commissions it was a
deliberate and part of a systemic plan
to
reduce the ability of african-americans
to have influence in the election and
governing process okay so look sessions
knows how to defend himself he's going
to do fine he's going to sail through
confirmation but that's not going to
stop the left from trying to pillory all
Republicans as racist horrible people
again the left can't just stick to
charges that actually work instead they
have to go to their ultimate extreme
which is calling people racist cory
booker is the senator from from new
jersey he obviously wants to run for
president 2020 and he apparently is
going to testify against sessions today
and everybody is very much expecting him
to go out there and basically call
sessions a racist which is not only a
breach of senate decorum it's also not
true but let's just recall a cory booker
from 2013 talking about how wondrous it
is it actually is earlier this year I
guess it was February 2016 talking about
how wondrous it was to work with Jeff
Sessions on honoring civil rights heroes
and so this is truly one of my life's
greatest moments I am humbled to be able
to participate here and paying tribute
to some of the extraordinary Americans
whose footsteps paved the way for me and
my generation I feel blessed and honored
to have partnered with senator sessions
in being the Senate sponsors of this
important award this was just right now
now he's racist now he's going to come
out he's gonna say sessions as racist
this is the only card the Democrats have
and it doesn't work and what's even more
amusing is that the real racists here
are the Democrats because all they see
is race all they see is race and it's
it's amusing to watch them just tear
themselves apart they're so blind to
their own racism they can't even see it
so for example Hillary Clinton it was
just released who Hillary Clinton would
have appointed to her cabinet she does
not get that opportunity thank God and
what's hilarious about this list is that
she has a list of people the ghost'
cabinet right and people like John
Podesta for Secretary of State and just
awful
right Treasury Secretary Sheryl Sandberg
defense secretary Michelle Fleury
keeping on Loretta Lynch as Attorney
General but the one that sticks out is
Environmental Protection Agency is it
quote okay Environmental Protection
Agency quote likely an African American
and or at education so you name all
these people and then you say also the
black person be named later there's a
cabbie
I'll trade where you trade a star and
you get back a bunch of minor leaguers
and it says plus a player to be named
later so you've got a bunch of cabinet
members plus a black person to be named
later
according to Hillary Clinton which again
is just an incredible thing and that is
obvious racism it doesn't matter who the
black person is just matters that it's a
black person we must have a black person
at the EPA but they don't even see their
own racism this is the lady who during
the campaign lectured Americans about
their own unconscious bias she said we
all have to be worried about our
implicit bias and I as president will go
forth and explain to white Americans all
of the unconscious bias that they Harbor
inside those puny little racist minds
and here's Hillary with our ghost
cabinet and the phantom black person
right random black person to be named
later
I'm not a racist and it's just amazing
my favorite story of the day actually is
this story from the New York Times
courtesy of a woman named Farrah
Stockman I believe it's a female
reporter and and here is the piece it's
just fantastic I have to read it at
least a large chunk of it woman's march
on Washington opens contentious
dialogues about race quote many
thousands of women are expected to
converge on the nation's capital for the
women's march on Washington the day
after John Donald J Trump's inauguration
Jennifer Willis no longer plans to be
one of them miss Wallace a 50 year old
wedding minister from South Carolina had
looked forward to taking her daughters
to the March then she read a post on the
Facebook page for the March that made
her feel unwelcome because she is white
the post written by a black activist
from Brooklyn who was a March volunteer
advised quote white allies to listen
more and talk less it also try did those
who had said we're only now waking up to
racism because of the election you don't
just get to join because now you're
scared to read the post I was born
scared stung by the tone miss Willis
canceled her trip this is a women's
March she said we're supposed to be
allies in equal pay marriage adoption
why is it know about white women don't
understand black women and then the
article goes on about all of the
conflict inside this group and it's
pretty amazed line a debate ensued about
whether white women were just now
experiencing what minority women
experienced daily or having a hard time
yielding control a young white woman
from Baltimore wrote with bitterness
that white women who have been victims
of rape and abuse were being quote asked
to check their privilege a catch phrase
that refers to people acknowledging
their advantages but which even some
liberal women find unduly
confrontational no one involves the
March fears the rancor will dampen
turnout even many of those who expressed
dismay at the tone of the discussion
said they still intended to join what is
sure to be the largest demonstration yet
against the Trump presidency but the
debates over race reflect deeper
questions about the future of
progressivism in the age of Trump should
the March highlight what divides women
or what unites them is there room for
women who have never heard of white
privilege and at a time when a
presidential candidate ran against
political correctness and won with half
of white female voters supporting him is
this the time to tone down talk about
race or to double down it's it's it's
amazing I love it the left is just
ripping itself apart they're ripping
themselves apart because for the left
it's all about hierarchies of group
victimhood right so the left has this
March and supposed to be women and women
are the big victims right this is the
women's victim March we're all victims
because we have a joonas right that
means that we got to go and we got to
march together because we have uteri
except that some there's other victim
groups that actually outrank women on
the on the wondrous scale of victimhood
in the hierarchy of victimhood gays
outrank women blacks outrank women
Hispanics out hang out ranked women and
so you can have what feminists like to
call intersectionality intersectionality
and that means that if you are a member
of one of these other hierarchical
groups and it's a higher group than the
women group then that means that we
treat you as a member of that higher
group and if you're not then we treat
you as a member of a lower group so the
white women are now victimizers they
can't be the people who lead this thing
because they don't have highest status
somewhere there is the unicorn of
intersectionality and the unicorn of
intersectionality is a is a pansexual
transgender black Hispanic Native
American woman right that's it if you
get all those then you're the unicorn of
intersectionality and you have ultimate
moral authority to say everything and no
one can ever say anything to you or
about you no one can ever say anything
that differs from you we all just have
to anoint you dictator under
intersectionality and then you get to be
the person in charge of the rest of the
world because you are the ultimate
victim you know that you have fallen
prey to every form of victimhood there
ever was and everyone else must bow down
before your cherished victimhood status
and the left is tearing itself apart
over this and it's delicious because no
one in the real world cares about this
stuff no one in the real world cares
whether you're a woman or the
whether they're Hispanic there are
racists there are sexist but that's not
the way America works folks okay most
Americans don't care enough about you to
be racist or sexist most Americans are
not sitting around going how do we stop
these particular women we must stop that
black woman because she's black most
people don't have time for that people
have jobs people have families and
mostly people just are apathetic about
other people like the great lie about
society is that we all care deeply about
one another it's not really true you
care deeply about your family you care
deeply about your friends and the person
who lives 100 miles away from you yeah
you care somewhat about them but when
you read their flood washed away the
guys home did you really run your wallet
not really that's human nature okay it's
just how it works now the bad side means
you didn't rush to your wallet when the
guys home washed away the good news
means you're not going to go burn down
that guy's home because you don't know I
don't care about it and so the fact is
that according to the left is the sort
of group identity stuff is what politics
is supposed to be all about and so
they've tried to voice that on the right
you're racist or sexist you're bigots
but there are the ones who are
exercising members of their own groups
you can be a member of their group but
if you don't hit that cherished high
status if you're not the Unicorn
then you may actually be targeted we
have to stop for a second and say thank
you to another one of our advertisers
legacy box if you haven't checked out
legacy box I highly recommend it I'm
somebody who truly believes I really do
that it's important to preserve the
memories of your childhood and preserve
memories from your parents I used to run
the company in which I actually helped
people write their memoirs because I
think it's that important to preserve
memory because it's the only record a
lot of us have of people who have passed
on or just people who you are just
memories that you want to keep legacy
box helps you do that in a unique and
wonderful way what do they do is they
send you a box to your house and you
send back all your old tapes in your
film and your pictures and your audio
recordings and you load up that box and
they send them back to you in a couple
of weeks on a thumb drive or on a DVD so
you preserve all your memories you don't
have to worry about the moths getting to
it you don't have to worry about the the
films of grading it's ready to watch and
share and relive and enjoy fantastic
Father's Day Mother's Day gift fantastic
Valentine's Day gift it's a really
really good product legacy box
my parents have used it actually 25 well
250,000 families across the country have
used it
my parents are ecstatic about it my dad
dug out the the tapes of his father and
he's now sent those to legacy boxes
looking
order receiving back the DVD right now
if you go to Legacy box.com slash Ben
you get a 40% discount on your orders
that's pretty heavy slash on the price
and and that's a that's a pretty great
price to begin with so legacy box comm
slash Ben get that 40% discount and they
guarantee that all of your stuff comes
back to you you get to you get to slap a
little label on it to make sure that
they can track it through the process
tell you where it is terrific terrific
stuff legacy box com slash pens get that
40% discount on your legacy box okay so
also the Democratic Party is falling
apart because they're tearing each other
apart they're tearing themselves apart
they're more interested in the in the
genius of intersectionality than they
are in building an actual coalition
which is why they're falling apart and
losing white voters I promise you this
lady this Willis woman who is going to
go and March with this woman's Martian
isn't going to anymore next time around
if she doesn't vote Republican her kids
will think about it because at a certain
point they're going to realize I don't
want to be seen it's funny they say we
all just want to be seen as women why
don't you want to be seen as a human why
don't you just get rid of all the
categories you want to be seen as an
individual human being with qualities
and attributes and eventually when
people get tired of being portrayed as
just a member of a group no more than
your group you want to be seen as an
individual and that's when you become
prey to me right that's when you become
prey to conservatism and conservative
ideology which is all about judging
people as individuals based on their
actions not based on their intentions
and not based on their group identity
okay we have to break here on Facebook
go and watch the rest of the show we
have a lot coming up go to Daily
wire.com and become a subscriber eight
bucks a month will buy you a
subscription to daily wire comm we have
a bunch of new goodies coming out in the
next six weeks or so you can get I think
right now if you get an annual
subscription you still get a free copy a
free signed copy of my book true
allegiance my novel true allegiance and
that has been flying off the shelf so go
to Daley wire.com for that also you get
the rest of the show on video if you're
if you're listening right now you get to
watch me on video this shows much better
on video than it is even even orally
which is saying a lot since it's a
fantastic show even if you're just
listening to it but if you if you're
watching it it's even better you got
Andrew Clavin shake it to be part of the
mailbag which we do in a couple of days
I think in the near future we're going
to add a Friday show we're gonna add
some extra goodies behind the scenes for
for daily wire
komm so make sure that you go to to
daily wire calm right now get that
subscription and join us on the largest
conservative podcast in the United
States
you
