Democrats have gone into a fit of
hysteria over the Russians disrupting
our political system by throwing
Democrats into a fit of hysteria this
represents a change for Democrats who
until now were friendly to the Russians
and referred to Russian leader Vladimir
Putin as Vlad or Vlad II Watie or daddy
Vlad II or just cutie bootie or maybe
booty cutie I always get those two
confused anyway you'll remember that
former Secretary of State Hillary
something or other attempted to reset
our relations with Russia in 2009 by
personally bringing the Russians a giant
red button that was supposed to say
reset on it in Russian but when properly
translated actually said for a good time
contact Monika @ww Oval Office gov the
attempted to taunt failed when Monika
responded to the Russians that she is
not that kind of girl
depending on what the meaning of is is
also the meaning of kind also girl but
anyway the Russians struck out with her
and in frustration decided to annex
Crimea and basically the whole
enterprise ended in disaster Barack
Obama meanwhile scoffed at Mitt Romney
in 2012 when Romney called Russia our
biggest geopolitical foe Obama said
quote hahaha you silly Mitt Romney you
are just a billionaire businessman
whereas I am a student of history and
know that Russia was destroyed in the
Cold War and is now a frozen wasteland
that can never trouble us again so who
looks like an arrogant buffoon of a
stupid fool now unquote but now
Democrats claim the Russians hacked into
the DNC's computers by tricking John
Podesta into clicking on a link named
really big boobs calm Podesta says he
thought it was a list of New York Times
op-ed columnist but it turned out to be
a series of videos of well-endowed
Russian women reading his emails these
emails showed Podesta to be a cynical
uncaring political hack willing to
emotionally manipulate blacks women in
gays in order to expand government power
in other words he's a Democrat the
voters were so shocked to discover the
Democrats were Democrats they voted for
a Republican who was a Democrat in the
hope he wouldn't turn out to be a
Democrat Barack Obama briefs senior
members of Congress on the Russian
threat as long ago as September and the
President and Khan
immediately did absolutely nothing but
then Hillary Clinton lost the election
then lost again when Democrats demanded
a recount the hen lost yet again when
Democrats tried to influence the
Electoral College
then hilariously lost even another time
when Democrats in Congress tried to stop
the approval of the electoral vote which
unfortunately seems to be the last time
she can lose no matter how enjoyable it
is for the rest of us Obama and the
Democrats are now demanding something be
done about Russia right this minute a
cheap ploy to distract Trump from
working on his agenda but what
Republican could be stupid enough to
fall for that no wait
silly question trigger warning I'm
Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin
all right as we speak Senator Jeff
Sessions is on Capitol Hill being
grilled by senators we don't know what
will happen and that's the thing right
about now nobody knows what is going to
happen in the next months and even years
and with the uncertainty many Americans
are becoming increasingly concerned
about their value the value of their
money the security of their savings and
that's why we've been talking about
Birch coal the Federal Reserve is
printing money there's going to be some
inflation we don't want inflation eating
away at the savings that you and I have
worked so hard to earn that's why right
now is a perfect opportunity to secure
your hard-earned money by moving into
precious metals precious metals
historically keep their value more than
cash the company we trust with precious
metals purchases is Birch gold group
Birch gold sells physical precious metal
for your own possession and will ship
the metals right to your front door
and right now thanks to a little-known
IRS tax law you can even move your IRA
or eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver it's perfect
for those who want to ensure that their
hard-earned retirement savings are
protected from inflation and any more
stock market crashes like the one that's
coming any minute now Birch gold group
has a long-standing track record of
continued success thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews and
it's got an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau
you can count contact Birch gold group
now to request a free information kit on
physical precious metals it's a
comprehensive 16 page kit and tells you
how gold and silver can protect your
savings and how you can legally move
your ir IRA and 401k out of risky stocks
and bonds into a precious metals IRA to
get this no-cost no-obligation kit go to
wwm slash andrew that's WWH goal.com
slash Andrew that's how they know I sent
you you can get the kit no-obligation it
is free all right so now it begins this
is the moment when we're going to find
out whether the old Democrat playbook
which has been in in play for decades
is going to stand up against the new
trumpian politics Jeff Sessions 20 years
senator from Alabama is on the hill he
is Trump's choice for attorney general
and they are grilling him right now here
are the Democrats talking Robert Bork's
America is a land of which women would
be forced into back-alley abortions
blacks would sit at segregated lunch
counters rogue police could break down
citizen's doors and midnight raids and
school children could not be taught
about evolution writers and artists
would be censured at the whim of
government
okay now many of you may be saying
that's not a living Democrat that's a
dead murderer and it is all okay maybe
manslaughter you didn't mean to drive
the girl into the drink and leave her
there to die while he changed his
clothes and established an alibi but
that is just a reminder of the way the
Democrats work 1987 right Robert Bork an
originalist judge who didn't like roe v
wade thought there the Constitution does
not have a right to privacy
which the court had deduced and they
just went out you just heard that I mean
you know they're he's gonna put blacks
but you're gonna put y'all back in
Chains is Joe Biden later put it this is
the way these guys operate and remember
by the way the Republicans ran for their
lives they were not used to this they
know the presses against them they know
the press will report everything as the
Democrats tell it and make and will not
back up what the Republicans defense and
even Reagan kind of left Bork hanging
once the committee rejected him and it
looked like he was assured of losing
Bork was so ticked off about this he
ultimately resigned even the appellate
court seat that he had he was not
protected we saw it again with a Nita
Hill that was you know I need a hill
then Anita Hill hearing with Clarence
Thomas it forget the Supreme Court that
was what turned Andrew Breitbart into a
conservative because he just thought
wait a minute wait a minute you know I
thought I thought the Democrats were for
black people the thing about that
hearing because they still debate this
HBO just did you know backing up the
press backing up the professora at HBO
Hollywood backing up with a story drama
about the Anita Hill hearings that
turned her into her heroine and made
Clarence Thomas look like a bad guy
even if what Anita Hill had been saying
was true it was no reason not to appoint
the man to the Supreme Court since then
by the way they have been relentlessly
saying that all Clarence Thomas coz
Clarence Thompson doesn't talk a lot
during the cases that all he is is you
know following Antonin Scalia around all
it's all completely untrue Clarence
Thomas has a very very definitive
originalist philosophy it's to the right
of Scalia's it's more originalist than
Scalia's he's written some very
important decision they never let make
decisions because they think he's nuts
basically but because they think he's so
far right but but you know he's an
important brilliant man and Anita Hill
had no business that was you know that
was literally Ted Kennedy a guy who
dropped you know drops his girlfriend's
into the drink and leaves them there to
drown is questioning Clarence Thomas on
whether he made some untoward remarks
toward Anita Hill a woman he supported
and promoted and who followed him from
job to job because he was so helpful to
her but maybe he made a cup maybe maybe
he made a couple of untoward remarks
possibly you know I don't know whether
he did or not but but it wasn't it was
absolutely nothing was cops absolute
nonsense and this is the way they do it
now the problem is on the other side on
the other side the narrative sweeps away
any kind of malfeasance on the part of
Democrats remember Robert Byrd longest
serving u.s. senator started a Ku Klux
Klan chapter in the 1940s Robert Byrd
wrote this to his senator in Mississippi
about it was during the war right during
World War Two and Robert Byrd wrote I
shall never fight in the armed forces
with negro by my side rather I should
die a thousand times and see old glory
trampled in the dirt never to rise again
than to see this beloved land of ours
crikey
then to see this beloved land of ours
become degraded by race mongrels a
throwback to the blackest specimens from
the wild that was Robert Byrd there more
buildings named after Robert Byrd than
there are buildings named building you
know this is what Robert Byrd basically
did while he was in the Senate he had
things named after him now I just want
for one minute
one minute to imagine any Republican if
he if he was 12 years old if he was 2
years old having those words I would
rather see Old Glory trampled in the
dirt and never to rise again than to see
us degraded by her race mongrel that's
what Robert Byrd wrote ok here's Bill
Clinton talking about that there are a
lot of people who wrote these eulogies
for senator Byrd and newspapers and I
read a bunch of them and they mentioned
that he once had a fleeting association
with a Klu Klux Klan and what does that
mean I'll tell you what it means he was
a country boy from the hills and hollows
of West Virginia he was trying to get
elected and maybe he did something he
shouldn't have done and he spent the
rest of his life making it up and that's
what a good person does there are no
perfect people there are certainly no
perfect politicians wouldn't fight in
World War two if you had to fight with
Negroes it makes it proves what a good
person he is that proved the narrative
that proves what a good person and
here's the funny thing here's the funny
thing
I agree with Bill Clinton people do
stupid things when they're young they
you know you do have to let people go
yet have to let people change of course
you do
but what are they gonna get on Jeff
sessions they in 1986 sessions was up
for a federal judgeship and they they
borked him they did the same thing they
did to Bork and they pulled out this
stuff comments he's he was supposed to
have made jokes he was supposed to have
made one of which was pretty funny he
said something I you know I I didn't
mind the Ku Klux Klan and so I found out
there were in favor of smoking pot
particular line actually suppose you
know and they and they had all this
stuff he prosecuted a case a voter fraud
case where some blacks were trying to
fraudulently register he claims and I
actually believe this is true that he
was trying to protect a black candidate
that these guys were voting against but
we all know this voter fraud especially
on that and that case fell apart he
admitted that it fell apart he also as
we've mentioned before he prosecuted a
Ku Klux Klan murderer
literally into the ground when he was
state attorney general he prosecuted and
got the death penalty made sure the
death penalty was carried out and what
followed from that ended basically the
Ku Klux Klan in his state he has been a
continent thing about the thing about
sessions is they all knowing see and
he's a very very straight arrow guy and
he's a very good guy and they all know
it and so they're gonna have a hard time
blacklisting him
they say the cory booker in an
unprecedented act as a senator is going
to testify against a senator that's
gonna be kind of strange but let's hear
some of the stuff that's going on on the
hill there he is being asked about
Trump's plan and remember Trump's plan
has changed Trump at one point said
we've got to stop all Muslim immigration
he has changed that to make sure there's
severe vetting for people coming from
countries with a lot of terrorism so
here is sessions cut 14 being asked
about that
do you believe you agree with the
president like the United States can or
should deny entry to all members of a
particular religion I have no belief and
do not support the idea that Muslims as
a religious group should be denied
admission to the United States we have
great Muslim citizens who've contributed
in so many different ways and America as
I said in my remarks at the occasion
that we discussed it in committee are
great believers in religious of freedom
and the right of people to exercise
their religious beliefs see this is now
you know a long time since 1986 these
guys have learned the PlayBook they know
what's coming down the pike they know
what and just listen to the dishonest
way the question was asked do you
believe with the president-elect the
president-elect has already said that he
didn't believe that we know Trump goes
off at the mouth we know he's got a big
mouth and he shoots from the hip and all
this stuff and he changed that he
changed what he said as he told them
during the debates it has morphed into
the kind of vetting that Obama was
already doing by the way Obama only
canceled that vetting program just
before just after Trump was elected so
Trump would have to reinstate it and
they could all scream about what a bigot
he is I mean the whole thing is a kabuki
show to make Republicans always the same
same thing you know Harry Reid comes out
and says oh yeah you know Obama can win
an election
because he's a light-skinned negro
without a Negro dialect and all this and
that's fine because the narrative just
sweeps in the way it sweeps their guilt
away but the Republican guilt is always
out there so here is another really
interesting exchange I thought on roe
v-- wade because this has always been
the big thing especially with Supreme
Court nominees but here also is a guy
who's going to be enforcing the law here
is the the horrendous text I mean ask
him about that you have referred to roe
v-- wade as quote one of the worst
colossal erroneous Supreme Court
decisions of all time and quote is that
still your view it is I believe it say
it violated the Constitution and really
attempted to set policy and not follow
law it is the law of the land it has
been so established and settled for
quite a long time and it deserves
respect and I would respect it and
follow it so fair enough fair enough
that's his job as attorney general he's
got to do it you know the Democrats know
they've got something on this because
most people think there should be some
abortion most people in America think
there should be some abortion rights and
they associate that with roe v wade
because the Democrats and the press have
made sure that those two things are
associated but of course there is no
association all row v wade did was take
your right take away your right to set
law in your state in your area which of
course the Constitution should almost
guarantee you there's no right to
abortion in the Constitution
there's no right you know here's here's
a funny thing I actually disagree with
the original lists on this there are
rights in the Constitution that are not
enumerated in there so the the right to
privacy does seem to me to be suggested
in the Constitution how the right to
privacy gets translated the right to
privacy may well get translated to not
having not allowing States to make laws
about the kind of sex you have in your
home that's it makes perfect sense to me
but how the right to privacy takes away
the right to life of the baby that is
what is a little confusing so we're
gonna have to say goodbye to people on
Facebook hey before I say goodbye to
people on Facebook and YouTube let me
remind you that tomorrow is mailbag day
if you are a subscriber at the Daily
wire com
you can send in your questions we will
answer them our answers will change your
life entirely you will actually turn
into another person possibly a different
gender who knows what could happen to if
you are not a subscriber shame shame on
you shame I see lousy eight bucks a
month what does it take subscribe to the
daily wire.com come on over to the site
and listen to the rest of the show
