as we look at 2016 in the rearview
mirror only to discover a white eyed
serial killer sitting in the backseat
causing us to remember too late that
when you're in a horror movie you never
get into your car without checking the
backseat first it's time to take a quick
look at the final events of the year
soon-to-be former president
what's-his-name is preparing for a
transition to a new Trump administration
which in turn is preparing to wipe out
any trace he ever existed president
Ohama or O'Hara whatever his name is has
been busy smoothing the way for Trump by
loosening all the tops of the white
house salt shakers so that the new
president will accidentally dump tons of
salt on his food shorts sheathing the
White House beds so the Trump will tear
the linen and starting a new cold war
with Russia President Obama also used a
penknife to scratch the word legacy into
the wall of the Oval Office claiming
that now his legacy can't be erased when
told that's not actually how a legacy
works president so-and-so stuck his
fingers in his ears and shouted if I
can't hear you you don't exist he then
jumped into the Washington Mall
reflecting pool because he'd read in the
New York Times that he could walk on
water no one knows where the president
has gone since then or particularly
cares
another end-of-the-year news actress
Carrie Fisher died and feminists paid
tribute to the woman who finally
convinced 13-year old boys that watching
a girl in a bikini chained to the living
image of their darkest desires really is
as arousing as they thought it would be
when they fantasized about it in the
privacy of their own bathrooms Fisher
suffered from various mental disorders
which she blamed on the fact that her
mother actress Debbie Reynolds was
always upstaging her but we can't talk
about that now because Reynolds also
died and was a much bigger star so we
have to talk about that instead
Democrats say they're going to retaliate
against Russia for hacking into John
Podesta's emails Democrats say it was
one thing when the Russians murdered
tens of millions of their own people and
service to communism it was another
thing when they enslaved half of Europe
for 70 years and yet another thing when
they invaded Crimea and slaughtered
thousands in the Middle East but when
they embarrassed John Podesta well
that's just going too far
Russian dictator Vladimir Putin
responded to White House sanctions by
issuing a statement saying quote I laugh
bear-like laugh saying
haha when girly American president tries
to act like man against mighty Vlad
unquote president girly responded to the
taunt by angrily canceling Putin's HBO
subscription and finally Ultimate
Fighting legend Ronda Rousey's comeback
attempt went awry when Amanda Nunez beat
her to a pulp in 48 seconds the media
awarded Rousey the championship however
pointing out that while she was utterly
humiliated in the ring she won the
popular vote
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show all these
people get in my bedroom oh I'm back and
2017 has begun I after that vacation I
did nothing I I mean the highlights of
my vacation I smoked a cigar with my son
while the Sun went down and we played
Gears of War I got an Xbox for Christmas
we played Gears of War and I basically
spent most of my time talking to my
two-year-old grandson I downloaded I
downloaded an alphabet game into my iPad
I now know you know cuz two-year-olds
want to repeat everything again again
again you know I now know more about the
letter H than Elmo does the letter H
down bat anyway what a year it's good
this is going to be so much fun we're
done with Obama I gotta say I'm so glad
to see that guy the back of that guy's
suit it's like eight years of like well
you know this is not who we are you know
this country is just the same as every
other country and I don't know why we're
bullying everybody you know a years of
that drag man to have somebody come in
who at least that enjoys the country and
we're gonna have some crazy Trump stuff
going on it's gonna be entertaining and
then at the end if you believe in Jesus
you go to heaven what's not to like
with
but listen things it is going to be a
rollercoaster I'm warning you now so you
might be a little bit concerned about
the security of your savings and that is
why we are welcoming a new sponsor today
Birch gold you know the Federal Reserve
has been printing money like it's going
out of style there's gonna be some
inflation you want to make sure that
your savings don't get eaten away and
that's why it's the now is the perfect
time to secure your heart earn money by
moving into precious metals and the
company we love and you know Bureau
talks about it all the time and we're
talking about it here now as the Birch
gold group Birch gold cells physical
precious metal for your own possession
and we'll ship the metals right to your
front door and right now thanks to a
little-known IRS tax law you can even
move your IRA or eligible 401k into an
IRA backed by physical gold and silver
it's perfect for those who want to
ensure that your hard-earned retirement
savings are protected from the ravages
of inflation and any more stock market
crashes which of course can happen
anytime Birch gold group has a
long-standing track record of continued
success thousands of satisfied clients
countless five-star reviews and an A+
rating with the Better Business Bureau
you can get in touch with Birch gold
group and request a free information kit
on physical precious metals no
obligation it's a comprehensive 16 page
kit which reveals how gold and silver
can protect your savings and how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
risky stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA no cost no
obligation to get it go to w WB our cold
calm slash Andrew that's WWB are gold
calm slash andrew check it out
even if you're young and you're just
starting out good thing to be paying
attention to your money alright this is
going to be a blast I gotta say I am
really due today as well as we're
speaking Congress is in session the
first time in eight years you can hear
those words without like your throat
closing it looks like Congress and Trump
at his new was at his New Year's Eve
party this is a little hard but this is
hard to hear but Trump at his New Year's
Eve party talked about what he wants to
do just starting out of the gate
I love the if you can't see if you're
not watching it's the guy holding the
Eagle in back of the stock I assume it's
a stuffed eagle it's not like just
pinion back like that that's he's the
official eagle holder he'd I don't know
if he'll pass the Senate confirmation
hearings but he's the the Trump evil if
you couldn't hear that what he said is
taxes are coming down regulations are
coming off Obama care is gone and the
wall is going up you know that so that's
and listen that is all stuff that Paul
Ryan can sign on to and that's a big
deal I mean Paul Ryan is in a very
delicate position
remember he did not support Trump as
during the election they never appeared
together during the election he didn't
stand up for Trump during that remember
the bush tape with all the you know I go
around grabbing women and all that stuff
kind of Ryan was toward the door at that
place and Trump has a long memory but
but they're both you know these are both
political men they know what they're
doing this these are all things that
Ryan can sign on to they're gonna get to
the Obamacare they've they're talking
about right away they're going into
session even as we speak so I assume
that Ryan is being reelected the
Democrats meanwhile their strategy is to
get in the way of everything they've
already Chuck Schumer the Senate
Democrat leader he comes out and he's
got eight people appointments that he's
gonna slow walk he says he's gonna like
we hold them up including Rex Tillerson
at state the apartment Jeff sessions of
the Turner general Betsy DeVos all the
important ones he's gonna says he's
gonna hold up I I think that's great I
think that's a great strategy if they
won't have nobody it comes next next
after the next election so that's gonna
be really funny the thing is they're
selling this I saw this in the New York
Times today former newspaper and they're
selling us all over the mainstream media
is that well this is what the
Republicans did the Republicans were
obstructionist and they keep quoting
Mitch McConnell who said my major
objective is to make sure Oh bomb ax is
a one-term president but they make one
big mistake and here is Allison
Cammarata being caught CNN Shawn
speiser Trump spokesman catches her
making this mistake right here 10 people
out saying we're going to oppose these
10 people not on the basis of their
qualification to hold office not on
their qualification to an act changer
that they were the best person but
because they thought they could score
political points and the Republicans
again before President Obama ever got
into office you know famously said we
are going to oppose every possible thing
that we can I mean isn't this sort of
how the game is played in Washington
again just to correct the record Mitch
McConnell a year after President Obama
was in in a political setting our goal
is to make him a one-term president what
Republican doesn't want to make sure
that the that we have one term people of
the opposition party that's our job is
to make sure we elect more republicans
so that was that comment that said a
year after he got into office the idea
that we are that they are now trying to
obstruct this cabinet prior to him even
taking office is quite contrary to
anything that's even come close to this
and even Spicer gets it wrong it was two
years it was two years after Obama took
office right before the midterm election
when he was when you know it was it was
politics time that's when Mitch
McConnell said it that was two years of
Obama saying we won were shoving
Obamacare down your throat we don't have
to pay any attention to you John
remember John McCain would make a
suggestion and say you lost the election
John you know mr. mr. grace there are
new york times is always saying we're
gonna miss his graceful kindly polite
you know he was he was a schmuck he's
been such a downer it's been you know I
don't think I don't think the people on
the East Coast and the West Coast
understand what it just feels like if
you were a football player and your
coach came out and said well you know we
like our team but they like their team
and you know we don't want to be we
don't to bully them we don't want to be
you know it's not fair for one team to
go to the Super Bowl I mean that's what
the guy that's what the guy has been
like you know it's like hell yes it is
this is our team this is our country
it's a better country than anybody else
every country on Earth it is free owes
it to us every single free man walking
the planet owes it in some degree to the
United States of America we're allowed
to cheer for this country we're allowed
to believe in that we're allowed to keep
it strong you know it's just been
such attraction now Obama is using his
last days in office to try and mire
Trump in old business to protect his
legacy and you know it's funny you think
of Obama as a great politician he he did
such a bad job during his first term the
economy was lousy the war was blowing up
he lost the war we had already won in
Iraq and all this stuff and yet he won
the election so you sort of think of him
as this great politician plus he did
Drive conservatives nuts you know I mean
like people he just said things that
would make conservatives go crazy he
would shove all this stuff through
executive orders and nobody would stop
him because he was the first you know
black president trademarks and nobody
was everybody's afraid to stand up they
would announce beforehand that they
would never impeach him they would do
all the stuff the press didn't cover any
of his scandals and all this stuff but
I'm beginning to wonder if if he was
just like given such a clear path to do
anything that he wanted that he looked a
lot smarter than he was because some of
the stuff he's doing now he is now
maneuvering politically so there's all
this stuff with Russia right Russia 18
months ago they found out that Russia
had tricked John Podesta into with a
phishing scam into letting them put some
malware in his computer they got some
emails that embarrassed them now they're
saying oh yeah now they're calling it he
they hacked the election the election
you know this to me once you know I got
a virus on my computer probably looking
at some disgusting thing I shouldn't
have been looking at in the first place
and I got a virus on my computer what
did I do i went on the internet fought
free antivirus software downloaded that
and my computer basically blew up and I
called our I you know our tech guy he
came over the house and he said yeah the
Russians do this what they do is they
put these they put these things and say
free antivirus software up there and it
blows up your computer and then you pay
to get them to come in to get software
that they sell you that will take it out
you know it's like it were the Russian
mom it's a scam and I just I had a guy
that I called so I got he just lifted it
up so they they hack everybody this is
what they're doing I'm not saying it's a
good thing I'm not saying we don't have
to pay attention to it but what what
Obama's doing is he's now suddenly
suddenly it becomes a big deal
and he announced that he's going to
expel over 30 diplomat spies from Russia
this is his announcement so lame duck
doesn't even bother to retaliate against
him you know it's like hey I don't care
what girly lame duck says you know with
Boris badenov over there and and at the
same time Kellyanne Conway makes the
point you know she makes it politely but
she basically makes the point that this
is politics I think those who are trying
to bait him into a bigger response I
would say two things to them number one
you can't have it both ways you can't on
the one hand say hey just one president
at a time and we have one now for the
next 22 days or so named President
Barack Obama but at the same time you
want the president-elect to make new
policy I was really disappointed to read
in David's angers New York Times piece
this evening the allegation or the
supposition that perhaps one reason that
these sanctions are taking place is to
quote boxin president electron forcing
him to take a position or otherwise once
he takes office I hope that this isn't
motivated by politics even a little bit
this babe is the smartest person in the
administration so far
she is so on point she really is
following stuff here's the thing here's
what they're doing okay here's what the
Democrats led by Obama are doing Trump
has a problem has a problem with Russia
he's got lots of Holdings over there
lots of business with them Donald Trump
jr. said Russians make up a pretty
disproportionate cross-section of our
assets got lots of friends he had
remember Paul Manafort Rick aids Carter
Paige were all parts of his campaign and
they were all deeply involved with
Russia this is what the Democrats are
gonna do if Trump doesn't you know get
tangled up in dealing with Vladimir
Putin then they're gonna say oh he's not
doing it he's letting he's be going easy
on Russia because he has all these
holdings hey we have to say goodbye to
our friends on Facebook and YouTube come
over to the Daily wire and listen to the
rest of the show or subscribe
and you can be a part of the show and
tomorrow is the mailbag now this is
coming upon us so quickly we may not get
any questions I don't know but send in
your questions this is a great time
because there won't be many subscribe to
the daily wire.com for a lousy eight
bucks a month and you can send in
questions we answer all your questions
our answers will change your life and
fulfill your dreams and it's it's an
amazing experience trust me
