Democrats in Salem Massachusetts are
declaring they believe the women who are
accusing people in witchcraft there
the Salem uproar began in 1692 when a
number of girls began complaining of
being pinched and pricked by demons the
girls then began to utter strange sounds
and to contort themselves into odd
positions after which many other girls
joined in in a movement that's now being
called hashtag me too bewitched under
the slogan believe all hysterical girls
making unsubstantiated charges
Salem Democrats are calling for anyone
accused of witchcraft to immediately be
hanged or pressed to death with rocks
whichever makes for better TV as Salem
Senator mazie Good Wife Hirano told
reporters quote
even if these accusations turn out to be
false the accused should still be hanged
lest they be seen to undermine the lived
experience of women who feel they've
been unfairly possessed by demons anyone
who disagrees is probably a witch as
well and should be burned at the stake
on the basis of their political beliefs
unquote
Salem Senator Dianne manipulation
Feinstein issued a statement saying
quote I have in my hand a blank piece of
paper submitted by an anonymous source
which assures me that these accusations
of witchcraft originated with Tituba a
dark-skinned slave are you really going
to disbelieve the word of an oppressed
minority woman surely not instead we
should become hysterical and slaughter
our neighbors at the first hint of
baseless innuendo unquote the New York
Times a future newspaper that will later
become a former newspaper wrote an
editorial saying quote although in the
past we have supported satanic sexual
abuse by those who share our socialist
beliefs we now cynically express
sanctimonious condemnation mingled with
unreasoning panic tinged with sexual
Piron ism as a way of serving our
political ends make no mistake we will
return to supporting Satanism as soon as
we've destroyed all those who oppose us
because we have no principles unquote
Democrats say they will continue to
fight against witchcraft until good as
triumphed over evil or until the 1692
midterms whichever comes first
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right the clave endless weekend is
over and what a Clavin last weekend it
was in Washington disgraceful goings-on
there and a major week for the country
coming up this is a genuine turning
point for the country Michael Knowles
will be here to discuss the historic
aspect of it giving us the true story of
Anita Hill and Clarence Thomas for those
of you who have forgotten leftism ruins
everything
leftism ruins everything and the reason
it ruins everything is because it turns
everything into a mask
for the pursuit of power I mean all
leftism is right when I say leftism I
don't just mean social programs or
social cares and all this I mean leftism
the the theory that the state should be
in charge it should be in charge of your
money it should govern your religious
opinions it should be able to shut you
down when you say things that people
don't like that are hateful the state
should be in charge instead of the
individual only one there is only one
original new radical political idea in
all of human history which is that the
individual should rule his own life
everything else is Pharaoh everything
else is left ISM and that is what
leftism is about it is about you know
it's in the it's in the Bible Pharaoh
stored up the grain and then when people
were starving he could distribute the
grain so the Hebrews came to Egypt to
get the grain within a generation they
were slaves that's left ISM in a
nutshell okay so it ruins everything
because it uses everything for its to
get to power so we're talking about
blacks on the treatment of black
Americans and that's what we think we're
talking about that's where all the
emotional power is they're just talking
about taking your money and using it to
spend on what they think it should be
spent on and said what you think it
should be spent on instead of the local
businesses instead of the things that
you want in your life they want to take
your money which is your time
which is your life they want to own your
life right we're talking about gays they
come to you and say well gays should
have rights and you think about it and
there's arguments going on and there's
debates and that's where all the
emotional power is right is this debate
over gays and we're arguing and we're
arguing they're not talking about gays
they're thinking about destroying your
religious rights they don't just want
gays to get married which is as far as
I'm concerned I don't care but they want
to be able to come into your little
business and say if you do not betray
your religious beliefs and serve us we
will shut you down that's what it's all
about it's always really about the power
so we're honest people we're Americans
are honest people they want to debate
the issues they want to talk about the
issues but it's always always about the
power because leftism ruins everything
and invests everything and you know
climate change another a perfect example
I was talking to a liberal the other day
and he said you know I would be a
conservative if you guys would stop the
nine climate change and I said it's not
about denying climate change it's about
the nine government power denying the
efficacy of government power to address
climate change what the left is really
talking about when they scream the world
is ending its climate change but they're
really talking about is giving
government power over our energy
supplies which experts agree is not
going to have any kind of effect on
climate change whatsoever right if they
were talking about something different
we'd be talking about technology we'd be
talking about ways that we could deal
with the the pollution that we create
and the heat that maybe that creates we
could be talking about all of that but
all they want is panic and emotion to
take power and that is what happened is
happening with these allegations against
Brett Kavanaugh this is truly disgusting
and truly a turning point for the
country if the Republicans let bread
kavanah go down on the sorts of
allegations that they are bringing
against him there won't be any
Republicans I believe that you want to
talk about a blue wave there'll be a
blue tsunami they may could even lead
lose the Senate if they let this stand
because look again the me2 movement has
legitimacy there's it's legitimate for
women to be talking about the fact that
they get abused that there are companies
that have a culture of abuse that there
are guys running around at NBC and
mistreating them and you can't the woman
can't go in and do her job without some
guy tossing her over at
and you know matt lauer tossing her over
a chair and raping her until she faints
yeah you know that's a legitimate
complaint I want to hear that complaint
I want to know what Harvey Weinstein is
doing in Hollywood I want to know if the
casting couch is still in operation of
course I do I don't want women treated
like that who does that's not the point
they are using me to their deal Ajith
amaizing you two they were me too they
are ruining me too to get Brett
Kavanaugh because they do not want an
originalist judge on the court who will
strip them of their power to make law
from the court that's all it's about
they ruin everything they are you know
the women who are who are earnestly
pushing the me2 movement are just being
used now and they'll be thrown away same
as remember Cindy Sheehan she was the
mother who had lost a child in the war
on terror and she started protesting
bush and she could bring ten people it
didn't matter every news agency was
covering her and it was this big protest
and Maureen Dowd in the New York Times
oh my gosh she has absolute moral
authority because she lost a child
the minute Bush was gone the minute she
was against Obama's war she was gone she
was gone and the me two women are being
used exactly the same so right now
here's where we stand the accuser of
Brett Kavanaugh Christine Blasi Ford
she's agreed to testify on Thursday so
everybody's looking forward to this big
circus on Thursday they're still
negotiating some of the plans the
Republicans are saying we want our
female staff to be able to question her
because they don't like the optics of a
male question you know woman's right you
know women's accusations they're stuck
in this kind of weird bigoted world
where now a male is illegitimate simply
for being a male and now truly this is
truly disgraceful it really is I mean
talk about and talk about leftism ruins
everything
The New Yorker has run a news story
about a woman named Deborah Ramirez who
says that when she was a freshman at
Yale someone maybe Cavanaugh exposed
himself at a drunken party she wasn't
sure the Democrats were looking for her
she came forward only because the
Democrats hunted her down
the New York Times say said they
interviewed dozens of people and they
didn't run the story because they
interviewed dozens of people
looking for someone to corroborate her
story and they couldn't find anyone she
herself said that for six days she was
unsure whether it was Cavanaugh who did
this then she talked to her lawyer and
ultimately she she found out oh yes yes
it was you know this is this is it and
Cavanaugh's responds by the way has
remained what it is this he's talking
about the blazing Ford accusations
Cavanaugh says this alleged event from
35 years ago did not happen the people
who knew me then know that this did not
happen and have said so and that's true
there were something like three people
that Ford said were there they all deny
that it happened one of them a woman she
also denies it he goes on to say this is
a smear plain and simple I look forward
to testifying on Thursday about the
truth and defending my good name and the
reputation for character and integrity
I've spent a lifetime building against
these last-minute allegations and then
because there's no scandal no stink no
publicity that Michael avenatti the
creepy porn lawyer doesn't doesn't want
a part of man if you stand between him
and a camera you are gonna get run over
he is now saying he has credible
information that spread Cavanaugh I
shouldn't laugh but because it's so ugly
Brett Kavanaugh essentially ran a gang
rape ring in the early 1980s with his
high school friend mark judge I'm sure
that there's a lot of credibility to
that I can really see him you know in
his thug glasses and his thug cigarette
Brett Kavanaugh peddling women for gang
rape I mean that is it really is insane
and by the way I think it could be a
tactical error I think when you bring
forward things like this new New Yorker
piece also by Ronan Farrow when you
bring them forward and they're so
unbelievable it casts doubt on Blasi
fort it is not about the charge it is
about the power they use our natural
instinct
especially men's natural instinct to
protect women and women's natural
feeling that they're not being heard
this has been true throughout all
history I'm not saying there's not some
legitimacy to it but it is true
throughout all history women are always
saying you know we're not being heard
they're using that anger
they need to protect women just to get
power you know you want to talk about
ruining everything what is what is the
most popular novel in American history
the most important novel in American
history might be Huck Finn but certainly
certainly one of them is to kill a
mockingbird right to kill a mockingbird
and what is to kill a mockingbird about
it is about a false accusation of rape
against the black man whatever her name
is Mayella Ewell she accuses a black man
of trifling with her and the lawyer
Atticus Finch gets her on the stand and
proves that she's lying and here's her
response she immediately plays the
female card telling the southerners that
they're not southern gentlemen if they
don't defend her see we thought we they
were talking about due process we
thought that we're talking about a black
man should receive the same due process
as a white man in America we thought
they were talking about justice we
thought that they wanted blacks included
but no my friend no they were just
talking about using your emotions to get
power because now now the Democrats are
Mayella Ewell you know whatever her name
is now they are that woman on the stand
screaming I was trifled with never mind
the facts
never mind the evidence never mind that
there's contradictory evidence they are
that person on the stand saying I'm a
woman and therefore I must be believed
they even have ruined To Kill a
Mockingbird you know I know when I'm
talking that what you're really you know
you're having a hard time concentrating
cuz you're thinking how does he look so
beautiful you know Jen you sell from
Xiamen II have these new products that
help you they draw the moisture out of
your eyes they soften your sunspots I
gave them to my wife but it's so hard to
tell whether they're working
you always look so fantastic so now I'm
gonna try them I am trying them to see
if I can reduce the bags under my eyes
this sunt the sunspots you know you're
out all summer and you get those
sunspots if you go to genja Cellcom or
call eight hundred five two five four
nine eight Oh for a limited time you can
get Shama knees micro dermabrasion yours
free for the first time this year plus
if you order now you receive free
shipping you can say goodbye to wrinkles
to dark spots and sun spots today call
eight hundred five two five four nine
800 or go to genius elle.com that's
genius Elcom it's GE n you see al.com
this stuff is amazing so now they are
the Democrats are the people rushing to
judgment let us look at all of them
they've just decided that this woman
Blasi forward is telling the truth play
the montage cut number seven I believe
dr. Blasi Ford because she's telling the
truth and you know it by her story the
Cavanaugh denies being at the party to
begin with and says his accuser might
have mistaken him for someone else
what's your reaction to that well I've
heard you know many many predators say
and and refute allegations against them
I think what we as I said I believe
Professor Ford I think she's credible
and I think when the investigation is
finished and when she testifies and
judge Cavanaugh testifies I think a
majority of senators will find her
credible she told her husband this is
the trauma she's been dealing with her
whole life she doesn't want to be in a
bedroom that doesn't have two doors and
it's gonna be about listening to what
each party has to say but I believe her
do you believe her story well I could
tell you it really does have a ring of
truth to it I am skeptical of polygraphs
but for those who believe them
she has passed a polygraph test another
big liberal work of art is the crucible
by Arthur Miller about the Salem witch
hunts it was supposed to also be about
that hunting communists oh my gosh
we know how can we just believe this
panic day
are now the Salem witch they are doing
it they are doing exactly what they told
us we were always doing that we were the
bad guys
no it's really them because all they
ever wanted was power and mazie Hirono
for who was senator from Hawaii for some
reason but I cannot explain she went on
Jake Tapper and she basically admitted
it he's guilty because he's a
conservative doesn't Cavanaugh have the
same presumption of innocence as anyone
else in America I put his denial in the
context of everything that I know about
him in terms of how he approaches his
cases as I said his credibility is
already very questionable in my mind and
in the minds of a lot of my fellow
judiciary committee members the the
Democrats so he comes and you know and
when I say that he's very outcome driven
he hasn't an ideological agenda
it's very outcome driven and I can sit
here and talk to you about some of the
cases that that exemplifies his in my
view inability to be fair so basically
his decisions are why is guilty the left
ruins everything
they are the Salem witch trials they are
to kill a mockingbird and remember what
it says in that book To Kill a
Mockingbird is a sin to do this to an
innocent man it is a sin and the left is
committing it because the left ruins
everything all right I want to talk a
little bit about what's happening on
social media talking about the left
ruins everything
social media because social media is
such a gift such a wonderful thing our
ability to connect with one another
ability to you know search for all this
information there's a draft executive
order going around the White House
examining whether federal agency
agencies should start looking at social
media to see if it's censoring
conservatives speech before maybe
breaking them up as monopolies and this
is unofficial but I personally think it
is worth looking at a few days ago James
Woods the actor right great actor but he
became a big conservative voice on
Twitter he had something like a million
followers and he's very funny and he's
very sharp right and he was locked out
of his account because he put forward a
completely satirical little joke where
he played a satire of
liberal men he had a meme of liberal men
saying we're gonna stay home for the
midterms to make women's votes more
powerful and would said this is prot not
likely this is real but things are so
crazy now that it could be real it could
be real and they locked him out they
locked him out and they said if you take
that down we'll let you back in and he's
and woods stood his ground and said free
speech is free speech it's not Jack
Dorsey's version of free speech okay it
Twitter social media Google Facebook
these are platforms they're not
publishers and you know we've explained
the difference before a platform is just
a place for people to share information
the phone company is a platform if I'm
talking to you on the phone and AT&T
comes on and says you know that Clavin
he has very conservative views we're
gonna turn him off and you'll now you'll
be talking to a left-winger you know now
that that's what this is like this is
this is actual censorship is actually
wrong and they are actually violating
the terms under which the government
allows them to operate they're allowed
to operate as platforms not publishers
because if they're publishers
they're responsible for the content
right if they're publisher if you
publish something that slanders you can
get sued so if they're acting as
publishers they could be sued by every
single person who has ever had anything
false said about them on Google or on
Twitter which is all of us right we've
all had stuff like that so we could sue
them for every for every time we've been
slandered but this is leftism writ large
right because they're surrounded the
whole theory of leftism is we are
progress we are going forward so anyone
who's against us is going backward we
are moral so everyone against us is
amoral so you can shut them down
but if you watch them carefully this is
really part of who they are you know
there's a plan called dragonfly where
Google has been testing a censored
version of its search engine for the
Chinese market in other words they want
that good Chinese money where they want
those wands or whatever they spend in in
China and so they're gonna go back into
China and they're going to have a search
engine that censors people so this
changes their slogan and remember their
slogan used to be don't don't be evil
now their slogan is be evil because this
raises
questions not just about leftism but
about globalism because remember how we
were we who voted for Donald Trump were
all such deplorable idiots because we
didn't understand the wonders of
globalism how wonderful globalism was
going to be and yes you were losing your
job but some poor person in another
country was getting a job so it was all
the same you know it was all fine the
people also understood or sensed we
those deplorable fools out there in the
middle of the country where no one wants
to go
those deplorable fools also understood
that globalism brings all kinds of
cultures to an equal level just like in
the UN where the Saudi Arabia can be on
the same human rights commission as
America right when you go global all
cultures become equal right and that and
so for for Google to go into China it's
just being global man it's just being
global so they said we don't censor
things so they do censor things and
since the left really does believe that
certain ideas should be censored like
our ideas it makes it all makes perfect
sense it all makes perfect sense this
leftism is it's like a poison in the
brain it really is because because it
gives you this sense that you are on the
on the right side of history as Barack
Obama used to say you are moral you are
the antidote to racism so anybody who
opposes you must be racist must be
regressive must be living in the past
must be immoral and that is that idea it
has now gotten into social media instead
of being a platform with all ideas they
have become the the cutting edge of
censorship all right so let's let us go
back into history a little bit on this
Cavanagh thing because one of the things
that the left depends on is that we
forget the way they have behaved in the
past and this is this is really one of
their big tricks they not only for us to
forget the way they behaved in the past
they rewrite the past because they own
so much of the culture the movie studios
the TV studios all the news shows
because they can rewrite history and
rewrite culture and keep their their
side of the
story in the forefront they can rewrite
what's going on so let's remember you
know they only have been complaining and
whining about Merrick garland the GOP
used some pretty hardball politics to
stall Merrick garland until the election
then they lost the election and oh we
was robbed we was robbed that's that's
politics it's hardball but it's politics
their version of this is to destroy
people to destroy their reputations to
misrepresent what they believe and they
have been doing it for a long long time
in 1982 Ronald Reagan nominated Robert
Bork to the Supreme Court and he was a
brilliant originalist jurist who
believed in the original interpretation
of the Constitution he was also the guy
the left hated him because he was also
the guy who agreed to fire Archibald Cox
who was investigating Watergate that was
called the Saturday night massacre Nixon
told people to fire him they wouldn't
fire him so he fired everybody finally
put Bork in there and Bork did the fire
so the left hated him Teddy Kennedy
before the GOP could get its ducks in a
row Teddy Kennedy immediately took to
the floor of the Senate and denounced
Robert Bork in these terms these amazing
terms
Robert Forks America there is no room at
the end for blacks and no place in the
Constitution for women and in our
America there should be no seat on the
Supreme Court for Robert Bork
mr. Bork has been equally extreme in his
opposition to the right to privacy in an
article in 1971 he said in effect that a
husband and wife have no greater right
to privacy under the Constitution than a
smokestack has to pollute the air but I
hear you're saying here now is that a
test that was used about 90 years ago
and which was the basis for
discrimination against women is the
standard that you would use you may be
able to elaborate on it but that's at
least what I'm hearing
this is Teddy Kennedy man who dropped
his girlfriend in the drink left her
there while he went home to change
clothes and establish an alibi
left her there to suffocate is the
autopsy then reveal
as the water rose if he had called for
help she would have been saved she could
have been saved but now he had you know
he had to preserve that political career
so his history vanishes because he
becomes the Lion of the Senate in this
history this was a shameful shameful
moment and of course it became a phrase
working they shouldn't call it working
because it's just character
assassination the things I mean they did
things like they got his video rental
records and things like this and then
Anita Hill and so let's bring on Michael
Knowles's Michael Knowles there this is
the Daily wires own Michael knows the
host of the charming host of the Michael
Lowell show so your your assignment was
to we discover the story of Anita Hill
so let us know what this because this is
the left keeps talking about this oh
this is Anita Hill all over again let's
remember who Anita Hill was and how this
game went down you really give me the
worst assignments truly I have to I
thought I was getting enough of this
looking at Cavanaugh but so I went back
and I went point by point through the
Anita Hill controversy and I even
watched that awful HBO not really left
rewrote history you took one for the
team I took one for the team so it's
incredible how it all matches up it just
just to refresh our memory I know it's
been a couple decades on a few facts
this was the same thing you've got
Clarence Thomas eminently qualified
judge he's up for the seat and at the
eleventh hour at the very last minute
they dredge up some accusations of
sexual harassment from when Clarence
Thomas was at the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission and at the
Department of Education now what were
the accusations the accusations were not
that he had sex with the Nita Hill that
he pushed a Nita Hill up against a wall
that he dragged her behind a car went
over to her house or anything like that
it's that he made some comments offhand
about pornography that he made comments
particularly lurid comments about things
that he found in his coca-cola can this
was broadcast to the entire nation just
tiny sleaze like this now one of these
strange aspects of all of this is that
Anita Hill followed Clarence Thomas from
job to job from the Equal Employment
Opportunity she's stuck with them
she's stuck with the guy and he never
hampered her career in any way that
never hampered her career actually
promoted her brought brought her along
with him to his various assignments this
was over the course of years and but the
Democrats glommed on to this they
dragged it up and they routed it out
they brought her to DC to testify this
went on and on now one thing that we
forget because Clarence Thomas defended
himself very well he referred to it as a
high-tech lynching for uppity blacks who
in any way deign to think for themselves
and who refused to kowtow to an old
order so he used his victim card against
their victim that's right if he if he
looked like Brett Kavanaugh he probably
wouldn't be able to do that and but if
they did you know the Democrats made a
very conscious race play here to try to
mitigate racial factors and a one thing
that was always left out of news
reporting about this and certainly out
of the historical record or all of the
employees and colleagues of Justice
Thomas men women black white and
everything in the middle who attest to
his character and say Anita Hill was
never a victim they were close with her
she never brought this up ever nancy
Finch who is a special assistant
historian the Thomas ed the EEOC said
there is no way quote that Thomas did
Woodhill alleged I know he did no such
thing
Diane Holt who was Thomas's personal
secretary for six years said quote at no
time did professor Hill intimated not
even in the most subtle of ways that
Judge Thomas was asking her out or
subjecting her to crude abusive
conversations that have been described
nor did I ever discern any discomfort
when Professor Hill was in judge
Thomas's presence and you know by the
way in the same way that the Republicans
have these this optics problem with
white men they had Teddy Kennedy was on
the committee that was questioning her
Teddy Kennedy was he not it was
incredible he was on there with his with
his dead woman and in the car and he's
questioning Clarence Thomas about his
sexual propriety he's sitting there
you've got Joe Biden is chairing the
committee Ted Kennedy is there and he
says you know well a judge did she did a
gale drown no senator Kennedy oh well
what are we even doing here yeah so
you've got Kennedy up there and it's
amazing by the way what the movie does
to this history so in the in what
before you get to that for a minute let
me let me just say that you know these
things can blow back on people because
Andrew Breitbart obviously the guy who
established the Breitbart site and a
tremendous conservative warrior this
turned him into a conservative this was
when he said wait a minute wait a minute
I thought that left was for black people
I thought they were there to help black
people and that's when he realized it
was all a charade just to get the power
and that was that was a wake-up call for
him and I think this is gonna be a
wake-up call for a lot of women you know
women have sons they have husbands they
have brothers they do not want them
destroyed by this kind of allegation
without any proof that's right and it's
all about that precedent one thing that
we're not hearing about too much and we
didn't hear about with the Anita Hill
story is the ideological basis of it in
Borka in Robert Bork they they Democrats
on the committee tried to push that
aside they say it's not about views of
the Constitution or textualism or
ideology it's about this thing that
allegedly happened according to one
witness however many years ago before
she followed him to another job there
were a couple of other witnesses over
time who say who came forward and said
I've got allegations but even the
democrats on the committee didn't
consider them terribly credible they
were there were jilted ex employees and
even they were reluctant to bring them
on because they thought it would be a
farce
so they they tried to drag it out they
tried to take as long as they possibly
could you're seeing that that exactly
happened here with snapback same
strategy that's right knee to hill
stretch their hose like it's at some
point hopefully some woman will come out
of the woodwork and and that's what they
seem to have done with Ronan Farrow but
the way that Hollywood has twisted this
is really is really remarkable and we
should pay close attention because we're
watching a play out right now I watched
this terrible terrible movie and okay so
we don't have to I did it so you don't
have to and what's amazing about it is
not just so much the facts that they get
wrong though they do get facts wrong
they attribute certain redemptive
moments to Ted Kennedy that I assure you
never happened neither in the Anita Hill
hearings nor in the life of Ted Kennedy
that you know other things were
attributed to individuals that just
didn't didn't happen characters are made
up out of whole cloth of course but
what's incredible about it is the
the narrative that Anita Hill is this
Saint that she's this martyr they've
made of her the hero of this story when
in fact she was a law professor who made
some allegations that at the eleventh
hour that were refuted by so many other
colleagues let me let me interrupt you
for one second I got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube come on over to the
Daily wired.com where you can not only
listen to the rest of the show but while
you're there you can subscribe it's a
lousy ten bucks a month for a lousy
hundred bucks you get the whole year you
get the leftist tears tumblr which I'm
hoping you're gonna need by the end of
this week and you want to have that on
hand and you get to be in the mail bag
you get been to get Michael you get me
you can ask us all questions and all our
answers are just going to incredibly
illuminate you come on over and
subscribe most importantly we want your
money alright sorry so so go ahead let's
hear so the movie opens up and you've
got a concerned earnest young woman's
Senate staffer she's not working at the
direction of a senator she just wants to
find the truth and she calls and need a
hill and Anita Hill coincidentally lucky
for her she's wearing her Yale t-shirt
at the time I'm real it's really good is
it those cameras caught her in her
pajamas it would be very odd and so
she's wearing her big Yale t-shirt she
says hello I don't want to do this but
it's my duty and I must testify at the
11th hour to torpedo a good man's career
who was my benefactor for much of my
career so she's you know she makes these
allegations tearfully she says to her
parents that you're gonna hear bad
things you know and and then it cuts to
Thomas and Thomas shows very little
emotion he seems frustrated but he shows
very little emotion he mentions this to
his wife Ginny and he starts and then he
then he starts to raise his voice and
she says don't yell Clarence and the
implication is clearly he's guilty as
sin
the implication is that the wife knew
that he was guilty and Anita Hill she's
so honest the only time that the movie
even mentions Robert Bork even mentions
the ideological battle that is
undergirding this entire nomination is
when Strom Thurmond yells out we need to
protect our jaw
we don't need another Borg one of the
least sympathetic men yeah yeah exactly
you know this is this is an amazing
thing you know I've spent years years
talking to conservatives about the
culture and how important it is for us
to be part of the culture and how
important it is for us to not to say you
know I'm not gonna there's culture of
everybody's cursing and the women are
taking off that clothes I'm just gonna
watch Turner Classic Movies but this is
why this is why they own history that's
all anybody is ever going to see is that
movie people are not going to go back
and read the histories they're not gonna
listen especially with us getting
censored on social media and they're you
know jiggering the algorithm so we don't
turn up but you know they've done this
with everything you have valerie plame
scandal which was an absolute like hit
job on orders completely they made it
into a movie fair game right and fair
game that valerie plame was a hero and
Joseph Wilson instead of being what he
was which was a kind of sleazy guy who
told a lie and got caught in it you know
they became the heroes and when Joseph
Wilson was asked about the fact that
nobody was going to see the movie he was
asked about it this is what he said he
said for people who have short memories
or don't read this is the only way they
will remember the period and that's true
of fair game is true of JFK which in
Moore instead of instead of a lone
communist killing the president it was a
conservative conspiracy it was true of
Argo that won the Oscar and that was
made Jimmy Carter instead of a feckless
incompetent buffoon it turned him into
this noble guy who was going to you know
save save us from going to war and it
really they do it so it's why they won't
let Melania Trump on any magazine covers
and for a beautiful first lady we've
ever had why not get yes you cannot get
on a cover they know they know that the
culture becomes history just in the same
way that history becomes literature just
becomes a story in the same way culture
becomes history and they know it I'm
gonna let you finish we got just a
little bit of time so you can wrap it up
well they won't the the I think the big
takeaway is they won't paint with a
subtle brush at the end of this movie
you've got some fictional character and
other fictional characters saying you
know we it's all been discredited
Clarence is gonna go through she says
well
who do you believe and then she the girl
turns to the camera windswept hair I
believe her audience in case you missed
it believe her it's and we enter the
Conservatives have to fight back on this
cultural front
all right Knowles thanks very much the
Michael Knowles of the Michael Nowell
show it is always good talking to you
I'll talk to you later see you later
this is it the culture the culture
rewrites history and that lasts forever
culture lasts life is short but art is
long and that is what they know and they
use it to their advantage and we should
be in that business too alright time for
our crappy culture so I'm going to wax a
little philosophical here about
something in our culture that really
bothers me in the way that we have
conversations we're just talking about
the imagination how the left colonizes
the imagination they get inside our
heads with their movies with their TV
shows with their news programs all the
means and with education all the means
of communication are belong to them you
know in the old video game that that
thing all your bases are belong to us
while all the means of communication are
belong to them and they use that to
colonize the imagination one of the
facts funny facts about the imagination
is in the imagination there's no time
think about things that happen to you
when you were a child painful things
that happen to you when you're you were
a child something your dad did that was
mean or your mom did whatever it is if
you think about that right now
you can get just as angry just as hurt
just as sad as you were at the time time
does not exist in the imagination
everything is happening now and one of
the ways that the left controls our
debate is because they understand the
imagination better than the right does
the right really is always about facts
you know we're always pointing to charts
and saying I look at their hairs the
numbers and their glass are growing and
they're meanwhile telling stories
because they know in the imagination
there's no time everything is happening
now so for instance they'll talk about
abortion I've talked about this before
but I think it's the worst aspect of
this and they'll say well you know a
baby is not a person of an unborn baby
is not a person can't decide anything
can't you know have preffer
and and there's a guy Peter singer of
and among others who is a an ethicist at
Princeton who says yeah you should be
able to you know to kill born children
because they don't have choices they
can't decide things the way for instance
even a dog can do he will actually say
that but we live in time we're not just
who we are now we're who we will become
and time really exists you know so I
could say well you know Peter singer
can't make a decision when he's asleep
so I can kill him no because eventually
he wakes up eventually the child in your
womb becomes a person and so has the
right rights of a person even now when
he can't make decisions but this also
works in the past you know when the
people are talking about pulling down
statues and they're talking about oh the
sky you know George Washington owned
slaves Thomas Jefferson owned slaves
they're eliminating history right
they're eliminating the world that
person lived in George Washington one of
the greatest heroes Liberty ever knew he
he basically gave liberty it's
incarnation in our country by turning
down the king by turning down kingship
which no one has ever done maybe
Cincinnatus in Rome but he turned down
the kingdom basically he turned down a
continent by doing that he gave us our
Liberty and started the traditions that
have preserved our Liberty he couldn't
understand why slaves didn't work hard
because the narrative of his time was so
pervasive just like the narrative of
abortion makes it possible for good
people to have abortions now 50 years
from now when the science tells us a
little bit more about who babies are and
how they develop and all that it's not
going to be true but right and then
they're gonna look back on us because
they won't appreciate the different
times and they're gonna say how could
you have been such butchers how could
you have done such terrible things and
all of this leads back to me to listen I
want women to be protected I understand
that they are hurt by the things men do
I understand they're women who were hurt
by things I did because when you're
young you don't understand this stuff
and you're so sex stopped and their
hormones are going crazy it's easy to
make mistakes it's the left that gave us
the culture the sexual culture we have
now conservatives protested every step
of the way it's the left who told us
that marriage didn't matter it's the
left that told us you know women could
have the exact same sex lives
man they'd be happy it's the left when
we said to women you know you shouldn't
get drunk with a bunch of men it's they
said oh you're blaming the victim
they're the ones who created the sexual
culture and in the 70s and the 80s when
the accusations against Brett Kavanaugh
took place we were living in a different
world you know I'm not saying it was
right then and it's wrong now it was
wrong then - but we were living in a
different world and the rules that he is
being crucified with even even this is
even if it's true or not the rules we
were living by then and I just think you
know it's so easy it's so easy to make
us forget there is such a thing as time
and we live in time and the times change
and I think that that it's just unfair
it is unfair the left ruins everything
they ruined our culture now they're
paying for the culture that they ruined
they're paying the price for what they
did and I think it's just unfair they
ruin everything all right it has been
great being here I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show and we will
see you again tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
