well it's Christmas time and you know
what that means or you're a leftist and
you don't you see this is the festive
time of the year when leftist hear the
sound of children laughing carolers
singing and worshippers saying their
prayers and send their lawyers to hunt
them down and silence them forever
that's because leftist believe that
religion is insulting and moralistic and
should be destroyed because it's stupid
and bad left this believe that it's
exclusive to belong to an inclusive
religion like Christianity because it
excludes exclusive religions like Islam
and thus the inclusive religion is
exclusive for excluding the exclusive
which is inclusive because it murders
everyone leftists don't believe in Santa
Claus because that's childish instead
they believe in an all-powerful and
beneficent figure who can be everywhere
at once giving free gifts to those who
deserve them and they're really sorry
his presidency is coming to an end
leftist believed that conservative
religious people should be forced to
fund abortions and participate in gay
weddings because when the founding
fathers wrote in the first amendment
that Congress shall make no law
respecting an establishment of religion
or prohibiting the free exercise thereof
they were really trying to say that
Congress should make those laws but they
got it all confused because they were
speaking in Old English and all the s's
looked like f's plus they had nothing to
write with but feathers so the words got
smeared but the point the founders were
trying to make was the man should be
able to have sex with another man and
then kill the baby if the second man
becomes pregnant because he identifies
as a woman and isn't that what Christmas
is really all about leftist believed
that when you construct a tableau in a
public place that shows a baby in a
manger surrounded by wise men shepherds
and farm animals it's ridiculous to
think that the baby is the son of the
everliving God of course the tableau
must be taking down because it violates
the separation of church and state
because the baby is obviously the son of
the everliving God left is believed that
you shouldn't judge people because jesus
said so but they don't believe in Jesus
but you still shouldn't judge people
because it makes them feel bad about the
things they've done because they haven't
been forgiven for them because they
don't believe in Jesus who said you
shouldn't judge them but they don't
believe in him okay it doesn't make any
sense but you're a hateful conservative
shut up leftist believed that we should
abandon our irrational faith in the
supernatural because now we have science
which teaches us that evil black oil
from ground poison mother Gaia the earth
bringing terrible fire from sky unless
give great white father in Washington
much wampum but in keeping with the
spirit of the season leftist do believe
that you should worship something
greater than yourself then trigger
warning I'm Andrew Klavan and this is
the Andrew Clavin show is tickety-boo
there's a we need also same shape tipsy
Topsy mold as if it easing it's a
wonderful i love that I love this
Christmas song with the hat you can't
see this if you're not watching you know
you got I got the Christmas habit but a
beer the snow is falling what is this
chicken what it's a part that partridge
still the right what's the what's to the
left is a French hen oh okay sorry oh I
get it it's in a french maid outfit yes
sir you guys are sick that idea come
alright its mailbag day whoa whoa and
also who and we will be screening the
mailbag after the break when we lose you
if you're on Facebook or YouTube so you
have to come on over to the daily wire
and you can listen to it or you could
subscribe if you subscribe you can send
in questions while I'm actually talking
and I will answer your questions in real
time answers guaranteed one hundred
percent correct 97.5 percent guaranteed
to change your life three percent for
the better I would say that but it will
change your life also while we are
talking about Christmas you can buy my
memoir the great good thing a secular
Jew comes to faith in Christ it is a
excellent Christmas present only go on
Amazon and read the reviews and you will
see people going nuts really going
that's where I have to say it's very
gratifying I didn't write it with the
intention of changing people's lives but
they keep writing on amazon
let's change my life so it's great and
also while you're there pick up for
yourself a copy of werewolf cop one of
my best thrillers is on sale on ebook
for 195 or something 199 yeah I just
checked it this morning so it's still on
sale for like two bucks alright lest we
forget today is Pearl Harbor Day this is
75 75 years ago today the japanese
launched a sneak attack on Pearl Harbor
bombed our ships damaged eight of them
sank four of them killed over two
thousand Americans wounded over a
thousand Americans thought that they
were devastating our naval capability
and and many ways should have been but
Winston Churchill is said to have heard
about the attack and said ah then we've
won and he said he later said that he
knew that the moment he heard about
Pearl Harbor that Hitler's fate was
sealed and that the war was essentially
over that we were going to decimate him
within four months we launched a bombing
raid a suicide mission the doolittle
raid on Tokyo which really was a suicide
mission but they just wanted they didn't
want the attack to go unanswered so they
just flew over there and the guys got
captured had to make their way out of
China it's is a really good movie about
it called 30 seconds over Tokyo
excellent movie with i think is william
holden i'm talking from memory but i'm
pretty sure it's william holden is
andrew and that Spencer Tracy to and
really good to them and then within six
months we fought the Japanese the u.s.
fought the Japanese at Midway and
destroyed their Navy so it was much you
know I was talking before about how
important the Navy is and we forget that
now that we're flying around all over
the place but the Navy still controls
access to the Seas and that is one of
the reasons that Obama has been so
negligent and so irresponsible and let
our Navy language just to remind you
here is what a u.s. president sounded
like after Pearl Harbor was bombed
really US president used to sound like
yesterday
december 7th 1941 a date which will live
in infamy united states of america was
suddenly and deliberately attacked by
naval and air forces of the Empire of
Japan hostilities you lost it yesterday
no blinking at the fact that our people
our territory and our interests are in
grave danger with confidence in our
armed forces with the unbounding
determination of our people we will gain
the inevitable triumph so help us God
the line i love the cutting it got
jammed up in there but the line he says
is hostilities are taking place there's
there's no avoiding it there's no
looking away and saying it's not
happening it's happening and compare
that to today when we have these people
telling us that we don't have to we
can't say the word Islam and connect it
to terrorism and every time there's a
terrorist attack people race to tell us
that it's our fault that we are
Islamophobic which is insane I mean it's
insane there is you know Islamic every
Islamic majority country is a slave
state every virtually everyone as a
slave state virtually everyone oppresses
women and all this and you know but
immediately they go to us it's our fault
can you imagine if FDR had come out and
said said you know yesterday a date that
doesn't will live and infamy we were
bummed by the Japanese why do they hate
us so much you know why what have we
done to make them it must be our aging
phobia I think this is a terrible
terrible thing here's what a president
sounds like today here's Obama talking
about victory so help us God in the war
on terror I I'm always worried about
using the word victory because you know
it evokes this notion of Emperor
Hirohito coming down and signing a
surrender to MacArthur you know we're
not dealing with nation states at this
point we're concerned with al-qaeda and
the Taliban he's so smart he's so slow
it was intemperate you know as we know
who signed the who signed the surrender
it was I don't know the Foreign
Secretary in the name of euro that just
just putting that aside from it I worry
about the word victory we don't have
victory we're fighting a war we don't
want victory you know I mean eight years
of this stuff and they elected Donald
Trump I'm surprised they didn't elect
like you know just some like wild
Godzilla you know with it with a big
American flag stuck out of his ear I
didn't took that victory so here's what
a president is going to sound like in
dealing with the Japanese this is kind
of funny there's a president what a
president is going to sound like in
dealing with the Japanese as of January
here is president elect Trump Trump
Tower talking to the Japanese Korean
Japanese masayoshi son of softbank Ariza
this is masa of softbank from Japan and
he's just agreed to invest 50 billion
dollars in the United States and 50,000
jobs and he's one of the great men of
industry so I just want to thank you
thank you thank you thank you very much
this is what and you if you'd like to
speak Jim you can but one of the truly
great man thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you so you may want to
say yes I'll see you soon okay I just
came to celebrate his is a new new job
and we were talking about it and then i
said i would like to celebrate his
presidential job and commit because he
would do a lot of deregulation I said
this is great you United States US will
become a great again yo as well become
great again so I'll certainly what are
different 75 years make I mean that's
and of course I think we would all
rather have this sort of victory with
Japan and victory over japan i'm glad
that victory over japan is no longer
required and we can now have a victory
together if this comes off if this is a
real thing i don't know about the 50,000
jobs because he was talking about
investing in startups and startups
usually had like two employees i mean
you'd have to invest in a whole lot of
starlets before you got the 50,000 job
but if he is serious about that much
money 50 billion dollars she said that's
a lot of money to inject into our
economy really amazing and no trace of
any of the carrier problems you know
people who thought oh it's banana
republic because he forced carrier to
keep the jobs here by the way i just
want to bring up about carrier that no
one knows for a fact that he threatened
them there was this kind of idea going
around that he the trump threatened
carrier with withdrawing government
contracts from their parent company but
when nobody knows that really what they
what the carrier people said is exactly
what this guy said was that he knows
that all these regulations and you know
this is not covered in the news
Obama is spewing out revit regulations
he is breaking records for regulations
in every single one of those regulations
cost some company money which means it
costs you money when you go to buy their
product so what Trump is saying is
that's going to stop all those
regulations are going away he's he said
in his speech of the carrier plant he
suddenly realized while he was
campaigning something that he could have
found out by just listening to the show
that regulations are even worse than
high corporate taxes which we also have
get rid of high corporate taxes get rid
of regulations you're not going to need
all these tariffs he's talking about
they keep companies in the US companies
will want to stay in the US because who
doesn't want to be in the US I mean
that's where you want to be that's where
your workers one of these well why not
be here if you can do it more cheaply
and not have to pay the Obama tax on
everything Obama has been running a war
on business so now you know these things
are kind of related because after World
War two when I would say these things I
mean Pearl Harbor and this new business
attitude is related because after World
War Two we started to set up this global
trading world in which the US was kind
of at a disadvantage and it was okay
that the u.s. was at a disadvantage
because everybody else was dead you know
this is the thing you know the entire
West you know you forget about this but
Berlin was rubble you know Britain
rubble all these countries were rubble
and people say well we had such a great
economy yeah because there was nobody
else there it's very very hard to do
that now that we have all this
competition and much much less reason
for us to give up any advantage for us
to act as if we're the granddaddy and
you know we're taking care of everybody
else now is the time for us to compete
as a nation and to be a nation-state
that's why things are changing that's
why suddenly you know this is this is
the post we are still living in the
postwar world and all these guys have
failed us all these guys who were
moaning and groaning and Obama's moaning
and groaning they have failed us by
regulating us into the ground and not
just businesses it's us too if your kid
goes out and starts a lemonade stand the
police come up and give her a ticket
because she doesn't have a license
that's the stuff where people have to be
tarred and feathered thrown into the
river and pelted with rotten vegetables
as they float out to sea
and that's what the election of Donald
Trump is and so is brexit and so is all
this stuff that is sweet you know it's
not heaven help us heaven forfend it is
not fascism it's simply the people
taking back the world from these
bureaucrats that's all that's happening
and let's let's hope it doesn't go any
further than that because no people when
roused can do some pretty ugly stuff so
the response to this from the mainstream
media which is after all just a
corporate arm it's just the democrat
talk it's just the democrat profeta you
know it's the these are massive
corporations and massive corporations
love regulations massive corporations
love regulations because they can pay
for them and you can't so if you invent
a better product in your garage or in
your kitchen you can't compete with the
hostess company or whatever corporation
is already there because you can't pay
for the regulation so the plot to stop
this this rising populism begins and
we're going to talk about that in a
second but first we have to say goodbye
to Facebook and to YouTube come on over
to the daily wire if you want to be in
the mail bag and you subscribe for a
lousy eight bucks a month come on you've
cheap people come on ya lousy of X month
you can subscribe you can ask questions
while I am talking on the mailbag come
on over
