so soon-to-be ex-president Obama won't
be going away anytime soon after George
W Bush left office he essentially went
silent he had no criticism for President
Obama he didn't sound off about Mitt
Romney or Donald Trump he went away
not so for President Barack Obama it
seems that Obama will follow the Jimmy
Carter pathway to annoying land he'll be
commenting whenever possible after
acknowledging that Bush quote could not
have been more gracious to me when I
came in as an American citizen who cares
deeply about our country if there are
issues that have less to do with the
specifics of some legislative proposal
or battle or go to court questions about
our values and ideals and if I think
it's necessary or helpful for me to
defend those ideals I'll examine it when
it comes unquote this should come as
welcome news for Republicans Obama's
policy unpopularity his tendency to
lecture us from on high to Americans in
rural areas it means that he'll suck all
the oxygen out of the room when it comes
to criticizing Trump and Republicans
middle Americans voted for Trump at
least partially in order to sound off
against Obama's obvious scorn for them
here's what Obama just had to say about
those who didn't vote for Trump in
today's their Spiegel is a direct quote
from Obama quote if you look at the new
generation of Americans they reflect the
vision I spoke about they're diverse
they believe in tolerance they're
accepting of things like same-sex
marriage they believe in integration the
problem though is that young people are
less likely to vote than older people
what results is a situation in which
sometimes the elections don't fully
reflect the views of the American
population essentially the
president-elect was supported by about
27% of the American population one of
our challenges historically is that we
have very low voting rates even during
presidential elections
this sort of language it drove Americans
to Trump right everybody who is for
Trump hates gays and it's black people
and is against integration if Obama
continues to critique Trump from the
outside with this sort of language not
only will he be doing Trump a favor
he'll be preventing any other Democrat
from taking a leading role in opposing
Trump he'll actually become the point of
resistance for his own party and his
party won't be able to escape his shadow
Obama's ego has already cost his party
the presidency the Senate the state of
the house a bevy of state legislators
and governors mansions now it may cost
them the future excellent I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all righty so tons to get to here onto
Monday it's been a very very busy
weekend for a lot of people including
all the folks on Broadway which we'll
get to in just a second but first if you
are in need of a snack right now if it's
about lunchtime on the East Coast or if
it's just brunch time here on the west
coast then now is the time for you to go
to naturebox calm
nature box.com here you get 50% off your
first order so these these nature boxes
they come in in these boxes and they
come with all these fantastic snacks in
them I have a full list of the snacks
here you're talking things that are that
are you know not so great for you but
still organic and better for you than
the alternative things like mini Belgian
waffles and whole wheat vanilla animal
cookies to things that are much more
healthy like dried fruit and fruit chews
like pineapple and cranberry medley they
have fruit and nuts bars and clusters
and granola they even have meat like
teriyaki beef jerky now I've been told
by everybody in the office these things
are great and I can see by the fatness
quotient of the people around the office
that they've been cashing in on the
nature box I'm seeing a lot of fat
people around the office in the last
couple of days and I can only blame that
on the folks at Nature box but that's
only because they're overeating not
because the snacks are unhealthy the
snacks are actually quite healthy much
healthier than the alternative
they're constantly adding delicious new
snacks when nature box.com
been naturebox.com/tyler Piro rather and
that's 50% off your first order nature
box.com
hero I've heard from everybody these
things are great actually the night of
the election all of my compatriots we're
downing stuff from nature box and really
enjoying themselves so check it out
naturebox.com/tyler for 50% off your
first order okay so lots going on in the
world
president select from continues to make
headlines this one was not his fault so
over the weekend the cast at Hamilton
which as you know if you've been
watching the show for a while I'm not
new to critiquing Hamilton I think it
was episode 108 so it's been like a
hundred episodes a hundred episodes ago
I said that Hamilton was the most
overrated musical since rent it is it's
garbaggio
the plot is good there the music is
non-existent or lazy the lyrics are
sloppy but it's been praised by
everybody because our standards for
musicals are about the same as our
standards for pop music these days which
is
don't exist in any case Mike Pence
decided to go to the new head on
Broadway the the Vice president-elect
goes to see Hamilton on Broadway and
first he gets booed when he walks in
which is just obnoxious people I mean
come on come on he has even done
anything yet he's not even the VP yet
wait till he sucks before you boo him
goodness gracious
and then we but we truly the show that
inspired our values into
colors crazy okay and it goes on like
this for you know several more seconds
and the media love it right because look
at all these courageous Broadway actors
ripping the Vice president-elect now
there's a lot to say about this the
first thing to say is this is really
stupid okay this is really stupid
imagine if there are a group of people
let's say that say that Barack Obama had
gone to some old-fashioned show ready to
go into Rodgers and Hammerstein show and
for some reason one of the members of
the cast happened to be a conservative
and they'd lectured Obama Obama would go
nuts the Left have gone nuts how
terrible how how awful how could they
break that fourth wall okay so the so
here's the thing Pence is a patron of
the theater right he's there just to be
a customer when you go to the theater I
understand actors have an outsized view
of what they are in American life but
they are just people who are there to
serve a need right you're only there
because you want them to act for you not
because you want to be lectured by them
if you go to a restaurant and the waiter
starts lecturing you you're never going
to that restaurants again and a lot of
people today are rightly saying look if
you're gonna do this we're not coming
right in the same way colin kaepernick
kneeling for the national anthem in the
middle of the NFL and the NFL being good
with that in the same way that drives
away patrons this drives patrons away
from Broadway and it is not an
irresponsible or irrational response
from people to say I'm not gonna go to
Broadway I'm not gonna see shows like
this if they're gonna lecture people on
politics because I don't remember them
lecturing Obama they actually when they
performed at the White House and Obama
has done a terrible job as president and
here they are lecturing pence
prematurely so yes first of all this is
free speech that allowed to do it you're
allowed to do lots of stuff that doesn't
mean it's not stupid this is stupid and
it does end up creating this reactionary
effect that is really that is really
nasty so there's a trump supporter for
example who got up there's a there's a
showing of Hamilton I think is in
Chicago and a trump supporter got up in
the crowd and started shouting in the
middle of the performance okay all this
stuff is just obnoxious it's just
obnoxious and it tears the country
further apart if we can't enjoy culture
together or critique culture together
then we don't have any bonds that we
share anymore so that's really that's
really stupid now Mike Pence responds to
this the way that professionals
respond to this he says they have their
free speech and I may agree or I may
disagree but that's their free speech
and I'm glad to see free speech being
exercised that's how somebody
presidential does it and then there's
Donald Trump so Donald Trump he since
he's become president elect no one's
bothering to take his Twitter away from
him because why would they he's them
gonna be the most powerful man on planet
earth and Donald Trump went out and he
tweeted this he tweeted quote our
wonderful future VP Mike Pence was
harassed last night at the theater by
the cast of Hamilton cameras blazing
this should not happen okay number one I
saw I agree with this basically then he
says the theater must always be a safe
and special place the cast of Hamilton
was very rude last night to a very good
man Mike Pence apologized exclamation
point and then the cast and producers of
Hamilton which I hear is highly
overrated should immediately apologize
to Mike Pence for their terrible
behavior okay I may agree with all of
this on a personal level in fact I do
agree with a lot of this on a personal
level I don't think the theater is the
place for people to get up and start
abusing the patrons I mean honestly this
is the this is the worst trip to a
theatre by a politician since Abraham
Lincoln but it's but the fact that you
have the president-elect of the United
States sounding off on this stuff even
though I agree with him about Hamilton
being highly overrated we're gonna play
a little game and it's a game that's
gonna become sort of commonplace it's a
game that's gonna become commonplace
here on the bench Shapiro show I even
brought a prop for it this game is
called put this shoe on the other foot
okay this shoe this one right here put
it on the other foot okay now let's
pretend that it's not Mike Pence this is
happening too it's Barack Obama and
imagine for just a second that Barack
Obama went to a NASCAR event or Joe
Biden went to a NASCAR event and members
of NASCAR booed him and made a big deal
out of it and then Obama came out and
tweeted exactly what you just saw let's
see those tweets one more time
he tweeted our wonderful VP Joe Biden
was harassed last night at NASCAR
cameras blazing this should not happen
NASCAR must always be a safe and special
place the cast of NASCAR was very rude
to a very good man Joe Biden apologized
the people at NASCAR which I hear is
highly overrated should immediately
apologize to Joe Biden for their
terrible behavior this is what it's
called to be intellectually honest okay
so I may agree with what Donald Trump
says here but I think it's important to
recognize that if a President of the
United States or a president-elect of
the United States starts sounding off
about people exercising free speech it
is not a good look it's not something
that you
you don't want to make a habit of it it
is not a good thing it isn't it is not a
good thing when you have all of these
these politicians in a position of power
talking about exercise of free speech
whether it's right or wrong or good or
bad it just gets you into a place where
politicians are capable of quashing the
feeling of free speech even if they're
not actually quashing the free speech so
I think it's important that we be
intellectually honest about all of this
so a lot of things can be true
simultaneously on this one Hamilton can
be wildly overrated the cast of Hamilton
can be jerks they are there is a vast
cultural divide between New York and red
state America it is a vast cultural
divide Trump should have shut up there's
no reason for him to do this but there
is another point I'm gonna get to in
just a minute and that is the media are
absolutely out of their mind for
covering this the way that they've the
way they've covered this so this is what
I said on CNN last night you know or
yesterday's I'm brian Stelter show on
CNN and they were talking about Hamilton
and here's what I had to say then I read
something like that Donald Trump saying
this should not happen and I think that
has a chilling effect for artistic
expression after all these performers
were up on stage they were performing
art even when they were speaking to the
vice president-elect do you agree
oh this is my favorite thing sorry I'm
sorry Ben go ahead I'm sorry it is it
isn't my favorite thing and I would
recommend that you know conservatives
who look at President Trump doing this
president elect Trump doing this and
saying well it seems okay to me just
imagine if the shoe were on the other
foot for a second and it were Barack
Obama lecturing NASCAR fans if he got
booed that had some sort of NASCAR event
you know that it doesn't seem totally
appropriate for the president-elect of
the United States to be doing this on
the other hand you know I would
recommend that the media sort of take a
second look at how much focus they put
on things like this because the fact is
that if you're going to turn it all the
way up to 11 on a Hamilton tweet yeah
this is gonna be a long presidency for
all you is that what you think happened
on Saturday and again today we've turned
it up to 11 yeah I think that I think
that you guys have been I think the
mainstream media has been at 11 since
the election and I think that you know
that means that there's no place to turn
it from there I mean this is sort of the
problem in the 2016 election I think
there are a lot of a lot of aspersions
cast admit run and then when you came
back in 2016 and cast the same
aspersions that Donald Trump was a very
different candidate a lot of people just
tuned it out I would I really think that
you're the media is in danger of
it's credibility if they're going to be
is so exuberant about covering every
aspect from foibles because they're
gonna be some things he does that are
actually probably not very good and
you're going to want people to pay
attention to it and if you pay the same
amount of attention to a Hamilton sweet
the juice for example something I think
is significantly more troubling you know
presidents elect Trump meeting with
business partners from India while he's
the president-elect you know that that
seems to me something where you ought to
be putting more focus if you're gonna
actually point out problems here
that's exactly right I mean not to agree
with myself but I agree with me it is it
is a brilliant point that I am making
there and because the fact is the media
did go nuts over this this made three
columns on the front page in the New
York Times this Hamilton garbage and
it's so stupid in the mean you don't
even know what they're doing let them
continue to fulminate over this stuff
let them continue to make a big deal out
of this stuff most Americans look at
this and they say okay we have a binary
narrative here we have the
president-elect of the United States the
left hates him and then we've got these
actors from Broadway and finally let me
go at each other do I really supposed to
sit there and get all super duper
concerned about I mean Barack Obama used
to rip Fox News and talk radio regularly
and the same people like brian Stelter
who were very very upset about this
quashing artistic expression didn't seem
very upset about barack obama going
after talk radio or for that matter
barack obama going after what he called
fake news there's been a big thing in
the last week or so the media have
decided that what really won Trump the
election was all this spate of fake news
people putting up headlines that aren't
true if that were true then Republicans
would've been winning more elections not
fewer given the fact that most of the
fake news is coming from the mainstream
media
Kellyanne Conway I'm not a huge fan of
Kellyanne Conway but she gets it right
here she says why are you getting so
upset about Hamilton tweets this is this
is silly Mike Pence says he wasn't
offended he says that Hamilton is
overrated which is by the way wolf well
that's his opinion
I know but wow I'm going I'm taking my
sold out till next August they will love
it
tickets are so expensive it's all they
got for their birthday sorry honey they
will love it but the fact is well they
may love it I think what I'm saying why
take it up
why take up SNL no president does that
why take it up why waste the time when I
distract what but why do you care in
other words who's to say that he can't
do that make a comment spend five
minutes on a tweet and making a comment
and suddenly the right to do it is
absolute nobody's saying that his butt
as my president as my present then focus
on what he did this week as your
president-elect which was unbelievable
to say unprecedent he doesn't take any
responsibility for his own it's on me
for focus if I didn't say that I didn't
say he wasn't responsible but you're
you're assigning malice you're assigning
wrongdoing to him where it doesn't exist
okay and she's not quite right here but
she's right in the attitude which is
really we're gonna make a big deal out
of this we're really gonna make a big
deal out of this in a little while I'm
gonna discuss what we really should be
making a big deal out of we're gonna
play shoe on the other foot again in a
little while because you know Trump's
doing some good things as far as
disappointments and then he's doing some
pretty bad things as far as what he's
doing with his businesses and I want to
talk about that because we don't change
our standards just because we like the
guy who's in power or because we like
the party that's in power that is the
mark of intellectual dishonesty and I'm
very big on intellectual honesty I think
that we ought to have a standard that we
hold to regardless the media are blowing
that they blew their credibility long
ago but they're just exacerbating it
they're making it worse by pushing
stories at an 11 level of outrage that
are really like a 4 ok even if you're
upset by this this is like a 4 on a
scale of 10 they're there they've got it
a spinal tap 11 you're making everybody
deaf media you're making everybody deaf
we can't hear you when you say that
there's something really serious going
on if you already used your outrage
meter at on a Hamilton tweet there's
nothing I can do for you like sorry if
we don't listen to you anymore yeah take
a quick break and say hello to our
friends over at Birch gold so if you're
feeling uncertain about the economy it
looks like there's there's more
uncertainty on the way it's not clear
what the Federal Reserve policy is going
to be are they gonna raise interest
rates are they gonna continue to have a
loose monetary policy plus there's a
fair bit of uncertainty on the floor in
front with Vladimir Putin getting
aggressive as well as the Chinese
government getting aggressive and making
moves into the economy you're gonna want
to talk to my friends over at
birchgold.com it's the Birch gold group
and if you want to visit them then you
go to birchgold.com and you go
birchgold.com slash Ben they have
five-star reviews an A+ rating with the
Better Business Bureau you can ask them
all your questions before you invest
part of your portfolio should certainly
be in precious metals you can legally
move your IRA or 401k into precious
metals they have a 16-page kit talking
about investing in precious metals with
your savings birchgold.com slash Ben
they're the people that I trust and
would trust with in
mint in precious metals is birchgold.com
the Birch gold group okay so the media
continued to do this and then meanwhile
at the same time the media are going
crazy older Donald Trump the
entertainment media continue to slap
Trump so they want it both ways they've
got the entertainment media continuing
to slap Trump over and over and over and
then you've got the journalistic media
saying when Trump fires back that's the
worst thing that ever happens so here
for example is the is Saturday Night
Live they did a couple of skits that
were relatively funny and then they did
a bunch that weren't here's one of the
ones that wasn't a guy from SNL he's
responding to the fact that Donald Trump
didn't like SNL this week SNL targeted
Trump and and Trump responded by saying
that SNL is not funny he said I watched
parts of SNL Saturday Night Live last
night it is a totally one-sided biased
show nothing funny at all equal time for
us and people were upset because they
felt earn others I said is he talking
about equal time like Federal
Communications Commission like is he
gonna require that SNL do equal time no
no he's not okay when when Trump says
equal time that's just Trump saying
things there is no deeper level to Trump
whenever the media tries to dig into the
deeper levels of Trump all they come up
with his bedrock because you know as
they said about about William Jennings
Bryant rhetoric they always said that he
was a mile wide and an inch deep that's
basically Donald Trump's rhetoric to
there's not much there but it doesn't
matter one of these comedians Pete
Davidson from from SNL he tweeted never
been more proud f you bitch which is
just wonderful I'm sure that that's that
nothing like alienating the rest of the
audience that actually likes Trump
remember the man did win sixty-two
million votes by the time all of this is
said and done and that's not all last
night at the American Music Awards Gigi
Hadid did an impression of Melania Trump
Melania Trump impression
and people are going nuts over this too
because why is it that if it's Melania
you get to make fun of her but if it's
Michelle you don't my view is that you
get to make fun of everybody in public
lives so I don't have a huge problem
with this but it is obnoxious that the
left does this that wasn't the only rip
on Trump at the AMAs Green Day which is
bad this point there bunch of 60
year-olds wearing Hot Topic stuff right
and that's that's basically our end a is
I mean they wrote some crappy musical
speaking of other crappy musicals but I
don't know if this guy looks like he
fell into the VAT with Jack Nicholson in
the original Batman but they were
singing at the AMAs after after visiting
the Hot Topic and and then they they
started screaming about Trump
you're them they're chanting no Trump no
KKK no fascist USA which is brilliant
witticism I'm sure on the part of the
refugees from the goth group at your
high school half of whom cut themselves
so that's that's all very exciting and
then they wonder why so many Americans
go we don't care if Trump lashes out at
these people we don't care in the
slightest if Trump lashes out at these
people of course we don't care if front
lashes out at these people when they do
stuff like this does it mean that Trump
should do it no obviously it doesn't but
it's hard to make that argument when
that when the left is losing its mind
over Trump this way now as we continue
over at Daly wired.com and you have to
subscribe over at daily wire to get the
rest of the show live today and learn
discuss what the media actually should
be focusing on about Donald Trump
because there actually are some things
that ought to be focused on about Donald
Trump as we like to say on the show
every day is good Trump at Trump and
there are some bad from things that the
media if they actually had any brains
would be focusing on but they're not and
we'll talk about those and why
conservatives should be concerned in a
couple of ways over at Daily wire calm
$8 a month buys you a subscription right
now you go there and you spend your your
annual so you get an annual subscription
you get a free copy of my book true
allegiance signed by me and so we have
all sorts of goodies for subscribers
including by the way if you subscribe
all the ads on the website go away you
get Clavin podcast you get my podcast
you also are able to you see them right
we can still listen to them on YouTube
or SoundCloud later or iTunes but you
can see them live and you can also see
the rest of the show totally Plus you
can be part of the mailbag yourself you
only get your answer your questions
answered in the mailbag and all your
life's dreams come true if you go to
daily wired.com and subscribe eight
bucks a month
put down the cheeseburger go to daily
wire calm it'll be okay you can afford
it and become part of the largest
conservative podcast in the United
States
