Ivanka Trump met with former Vice
President Al Gore yesterday to discuss
climate pilot policy in the new
administration as her train pulled into
the little village of what a Saperstein
Ivanka got her first glimpse of the
Gothic castle that house dr. von
knudniks home for the terminally insane
the institution stood on a hilltop
silhouette it against a darkening sky
lit by occasional flashes of lightning
that revealed its crumbling battlements
and forbidding facade it's barred window
seemed to stare out at her Ivanka
thought like the eyes of a man who has
lost his soul entering the village the
attractive blonde American found the
cobbled street strangely empty now and
then she thought she spied a villager
peeking out at her from behind the
curtains of a cottage but whenever she
turned to look there was no one there
finally spying a peasant pulling the
cart she approached him excuse me she
said where is everyone and why are you a
peasant pulling a cart when it's 2016
the peasants stared at her with eyes
full of fear the people of what a
Saperstein did not come out of their
houses this close to dark he told her in
a hushed voice for there is no
electricity to light our way I am a
peasant and pull this cart because only
our Dark Master is allowed to use oil in
order to fly around the world in his
private jet so that he can warm the
people of the great Cataclysm that is to
come then the fearful peasant scurried
away not knowing what else to do the
shapely blonde began walking into the
rapidly darkening woods ignoring the
wild howling of mad dogs and
environmentalists that began with the
rising of the full moon
when she reached the castle she knocked
on the enormous door made of sustainable
wood and it's swung open with a loud
eerie Creek because there was no oil to
oil it with Ivanka stepped into the
shadowy asylum walking past one empty
padded cell after another until she
spied a lighted door the end of a
vaulted hallway there in a room ablaze
with electric light and kept comfortable
by an elaborate air-conditioning system
she found a wild-eyed man wearing
nothing but a hotel towel they all think
me mad the man giggled but ninety-seven
percent of the inmates of this asylum
know that oil is black and black makes
the Yellow Sun dark so that the world
will get too cold and too hot and too
wet and too dry with hurricanes in the
tropics and snowfall in winter and magic
water pouring from the sky unless
everyone panics and does expensive
things that have no effect here the man
paused to grab a passing spider and
devour excuse me said Ivanka are you dr.
von the dick the man looked up with his
Lantern like eyes and cried von not Nick
I murdered von Nick and said all his
inmates free to live in fear in the
village for I at Al Gore
a great said Ivanka I'm here to discuss
climate pilot policy in the village the
people shuddered as they heard the
insane laughter echoing through the
woods trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan
and this is the Andrew Klavan show too
risky also singing shake tipsy Topsy
lowered as if it easy love it's a
wonderful dough oh we got snow in a
Santa hat and everything this is the
best holiday ever all right where Al
Gore we're gonna get back to the
dignities and madcap Al Gore but first
we have to welcome our new sponsor yeah
that's why the more rocky mountain radar
and this is for this is for some of you
I know some of you you know you pay your
federal income taxes and your state
taxes your local taxes sales tax
property tax and you think how can I
give the government even more of my
money you know it's like I'm just not
i'm not paying my fair share and so the
way the government arranged is that is
they supped speed traps all around so
that you know it says 40 miles an hour
and you look at it and think oh I can
easily go 50 miles an hour here and
pretty soon you're paying 200 bucks and
your insurance got has gone up and he
have to take one of those stupid classes
it's like being in prison I not that I
ever get tickets but now we can help you
avoid that with Rocky Mountain radar
there is no better gift for Christmas
and just for us they're giving you fifty
percent off their products if you go if
you go to the website and right Rocky
Mountain radar calm / Andrew / Andrew
and you will get fifty percent off on
many of their products now here's the
thing about this this is this is
extraordinarily cool the guy who
invented this these devices his guy
named Mike I talked had a long
conversation with him on the phone he
started out in the defense industry his
job was if you fired a guided missile at
a
this is what Mike thud did if you fire a
guided missile at a jet he invented the
box that made the missile miss okay that
is what this guy did he's a steely-eyed
rocket man all right and he suddenly
occurred to him if I can make a rocket a
missile miss a fighter jet I can be
fuddle a troopers radar and so he has
invented this thing that does not use it
doesn't use broadcast technology so it's
not governor bull by the FCC these are
the only detectors in the world that
include radar and laser scrambling
technology in addition to radar radar
and laser detection so you know where
the cop is you know he's there he can't
read your speed because of this fast
enough before you can slow down you can
slow down before he can read your speed
because you are scrambling his
technology you're messing up his radar
you can slow down before you get the
ticket this is stealth technology for
your car and here's how much these guys
believe in this all right if you
register your device with Rocky Mountain
radar you qualify for their ticket
rebate program if you get a ticket
within the first year of owning your
scrambler Rocky Mountain radar will pay
your ticket that's how confident they
are that this thing is going to save you
money now look that this is not true if
you're traveling like 150 miles an hour
you can go on the website go in Rocky
Mountain radar dot-com / Andrew and
they'll tell you there's some exceptions
because you're traveling 150 miles an
hour first of all you're an idiot and
suck at all the cop can see with his eye
that you're speeding but this is if
you're if you are just you know going a
little extra you know just a little bit
extra and they're sitting there waiting
for you two pounds this will save you
this ticket and if it doesn't if you get
a ticket anyway they will pay the ticket
because they want to know about that
find all the details at Rocky Mountain
radar calm / Andrew and if you go on and
put the / Andrew in you will get fifty
percent off the best scramblers and
detectors available these are American
made they will virtually make you
undetectable so go to Rocky Mountain
radar calm / Andrew right now for fifty
percent off this top-of-the-line
equipment great Christmas gift stealth
technology for your car alright tomorrow
mailbag be there that's right who is who
is right woo is exactly what I wanted to
say and if you subscribe which you
should be doing because after all I you
know I've got to eat if you subscribe
you can send in your questions in the
mail bag and I will answer them our
answers are guaranteed a thousand
percent guaranteed correct and will
change your life possibly even for the
better all right yeah Al Gore I have to
say this is what I have to say that I
made it when Donald Trump surprised
everybody in one this election I
promised myself that I was gonna not I
was not going to let people make me
panicked and hysterical okay then this
was true for the right as well as the
left on the right you have people who
every time he does something or sends a
signal that's a little bit like not
conservative it's not in keeping with
conservative principles you know
suddenly it's like oh my god oh my god
he's gonna be coming govern like a
Democrat and I just keep saying he
hasn't done anything yet he hasn't done
anything yet we can judge his
appointments we can say there's a good
appointment there's not a good
appointment but don't go nuts the guy is
going to play some politics do some
public relations let's take a look and
see what he does and on the other hand I
thought I'm not gonna let and you know
by the way I'm old enough to remember
when Obama was such an incredible danger
to the Republic that it was a wonder we
were ever going to survive him and where
we gonna lose our gun rights and we're
gonna lose our free speech rights and
suddenly a guy is in here who has
pledged to protect our gun rights
protect our free speech rights appoint
conservative justices you know if he
does some things I don't like I'm good
with that he turned if he turns the ship
around I'm good with that I'll be okay
so I'm not gonna panic about that then
on the left that you know they panic
every time Steve benen oh I don't know
kills and devours the occasional Jew you
know it I worry a little bit about steve
i reach steve is gonna be in the back
you know in like the army uniform going
you know we are going too fast
that's on mondays through wednesdays he
dresses like that and then on Thursdays
i think is when he puts on the curly
blond wig in the taffeta dress knee he
sings the old you know what ever
happened to baby jane song I've written
a letter to daddy's his address is
heaven above I've written did daddy we
miss you and wish you were with us too
long
Steve Bannon ladies and gentlemen
singing I've written a letter today
Steve benen gets the left all history i
mean the left is just completely they
have lost their stuff people are writing
articles about how they've stopped
dating because dating requires hope and
now I have no hope anymore you know
they're so I've decided I'm not gonna
let them make me crazy I'm not gonna let
them write make me crazy I'm just gonna
see how he's gone give the guy a chance
you know I mean I'm taking him at his
word he's not a politician and he's
going to learn as he goes he's obviously
a lot smarter than people thought he was
so give the due to chance I draw the
line at Al Gore Gore is a crazy sob Al
Gore here first of all he went so he
goes to Trump Tower and he visits with
Trump and here's the statement he made
afterwards I'm here to educate you about
the single biggest threat to our planet
you see there is something out there
which threatens our very existence and
maybe the end to the human race as we
know it I'm talking of course about
manbearpig man whoever manbearpig was
fifty percent man fifty percent bear and
fifty percent pig that was like so
there's Al Gore who predicted that the
world was going to end in two years ago
and this blithering idiot and he comes
to trump tower and he meets with Trump
and with Ivanka and here's just just
look at it listen to him what he said
afterwards the bulk of the time was with
president-elect Donald Trump I found in
an extremely interesting
and to be continued and I'm just gonna
leave it at that thank you see here's my
theory about Al Gore my theory about Al
Gore was remember they very difficult
election he had with w bush and all the
challenges and Bush called him to
concede and then call them back and said
I take back my concession and I think
after that Al Gore went mad I think he
had a nervous breakdown and he decided
to turn it into an industry he decided
to turn his madness you know like how
homemakers you know that some someone
says oh you know you make such wonderful
cupcakes you should really sell them
online or something in the homemaker
goes out she starts to bake the cupcakes
sets up a website and makes a lot of
money I think somebody said to Al Gore
al you are so crazy that you could make
money off this you know I mean you could
actually make a living just selling
crazy just sell how insane Al Gore stuff
and I think it worked it worked you know
this this stuff it's it's not that the
planet has gotten a little bit a little
bit warmer but as I keep saying you know
a lot of our lakes used to be glaciers
where was Al then what we've found it
the planet were on a rock it's spiraling
into the Sun it gets warm it gets cold
the changes over time measurements that
take in a hundred years don't mean a
thing computer programs that attempt to
predict the climate which has too many
variables to be predictable even to
computers even two brilliant computers
they haven't been right once they
haven't you know first first show me a
climate prediction that works over 10
years 20 years and then I'll dismantle
the government and second of all even if
even if the climate is changing there's
nothing we can do about it the earth
could care less whether we drive a car
whether we don't you know I mean
obviously we all want we all want
conservation we all want clean air we
all want clean water but this guy is out
of his mind and ivanka needs to go home
I mean with her it is lovely lovely
girl but she needs to go home so they
send out Mike Pence because everybody
everybody on the right just reacted to
this like Al Gore you gotta be kidding
me and Trump has said that he thinks
climate change is a big hoax and all
this so they send out Mike Pence Mike
has become the conservative whisper and
you know like he comes out and he tells
the conservatives it's all right this is
what's really happening so he goes on
Fox and this is what he said about this
what I heard then and I know former
Secretary of State Henry Kissinger is
going to be a meeting with the team
today and what what you're seeing is in
the president elects efforts is a
recognition that he wants to be
president of all of the people of
America and I think his is sitting down
with a former vice president hearing him
out and frankly as Vice President Gore
said afterwards looking for any common
ground particularly in the area of
conservation was reported some came up i
think is it's it's emblematic of i think
what people are seeing in in
president-elect donald trump is what
i've seen all along and this year's he's
listening well he's got firm convictions
he knows where he wants to take this
country but he's someone that wants to
wants to listen to everyone but i can
assure you that that as we go forward
you're going to continue to see the
strong leadership here take you later
okay so he's saying he's going to stick
to his guns he's not going to get sucked
in by those obviously conservation is
good thing but I it was the look on Al
Gore's face that got me because when he
came out of there and he made that
statement you know we I met Trump he
really looked like somebody listened to
me somebody thought I would I these
people are crazier than I am this is
great yeah maybe maybe just a little bit
worried are we have to say goodbye to
our friends on facebook and on YouTube
but come on over to the daily wire calm
and you can listen to the rest of the
show if you subscribe for a lousy eight
bucks a month you can watch the whole
show there live you can watch Ben and
you can be part of the mailbag which is
tomorrow so right in your questions if
you do subscribe come on over to the
daily wire calm
