well it's time to leave this vicious
political season behind and get together
with the family for Thanksgiving crap
that's right Thanksgiving is that time
of year when we gather to inflict
emotional wounds that can never be
healed in people we can never avoid over
issues that can't be resolved because
we're related to morons this year
Thanksgiving promises to be especially
tense because those family members who
voted for Hillary Clinton are going to
feel particularly depressed and
humiliated especially after I get
through with them so today as a public
service we here at the Andrew Clavin
show would like to offer some helpful
tips on how to avoid violent political
arguments over Thanksgiving dinner or if
that's not possible how to cook the
bodies of your enemies so that when the
police come to investigate they
ironically eat the evidence of your
crimes and you get off scot-free so
let's say your schmucky cousin Ned with
the long nose hair starts ranting about
how Hillary Clinton should really be
president because she won the popular
vote do not interrupt him to point out
that if elections were decided by
popular vote the entire country would be
governed by three cities whose moral
wisdom is such that in biblical times
they would have been reduced to
sulphurous ash by the just punishment of
an angry god also try not to point out
that schmucky cousin Ned can hardly have
time to study politics when he devotes
so much of his day to looking at bondage
porn know this is the time to practice
your listening skills just remain quiet
while he speaks nodding and smiling
politely until he's finished then pitch
face forward onto the table and snore
hilariously until your mom tells you to
knock it off or let's say you're hideous
and hideous with the absolutely
disgusting skin tag just under her right
eye starts whining that Hillary
Clinton's DeFede is a sign that sexism
still runs rampant in America this is
not a good time to point out that aunt
hideous is husband uncle Schmo worked
himself to death so that she never had
to get off the sofa for five consecutive
minutes after she roped him into
marrying her with the old I'm pregnant
Rick also do not remark that it's no
wonder uncle Schmo gave himself a heart
attack by banging the neighbors 20 year
old daughter even though everyone told
that hideous he was just
over there to borrow a cup of detergent
because God forbid his wife should ever
do two seconds of housework
instead you can defuse hostility by
reminding your aunt that America has
made great strides in its treatment of
women otherwise you'd beat the hell out
of her like she deserves finally always
try to remember that those of your
relatives who are Democrats are acting
in good faith and doing the best they
can to drive this country into poverty
and slavery by continually casting their
stupid vote for the worst possible
person with the most destructive
policies as I always remind myself be
nice to your relatives they won't be
alive forever not if I can help it
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right and indeed Thanksgiving is
almost upon us and you know what that
means that means you have to get your
questions into the mailbag if you are a
daily wire subscriber because otherwise
it's gonna be it's gonna be a four day
long Clavin this weekend and you could
find yourself in the middle of it
wondering what's the meaning of life and
then realize you could have asked and we
would have told you and the answer would
have been a hundred percent guaranteed
correct if you're not a subscriber it's
going on
subscribe daily wire then you can watch
the entire show on our website and you
can watch ben shapiro show on our
website and you can hang out on our
website until the police move you along
and also be part of the mailbag on both
mine and Ben show it's what is free for
if you do it for a year it's free for
thirty days and then it's a lousy eight
bucks a month come on come on all right
the Trump ire strikes back yeah yeah he
has to talk about the insane insane news
media attacking Donald from no matter
what he does it's not right you know
it's like he gets rid of some of his
staff who aren't helping it's his whole
transition team is in chaos and then
when it turns out they're not in chaos
well it's all a big show no matter what
they do so yesterday Trump basically has
a meeting and off-the-record meeting
with some of the media some of the you
know newspapers and mostly the TV guys
this is this is the headline in the New
York Post of a source describing what
happened at this media at this meeting
with the media Donald Trump's media
summit was quote an effing firing squad
now I got really excited until I
realized that was just a figure of
speech he says hey here's the story
you guys president he can shoot the
media right Donald Trump scolded media
big shots is from the New York Post he
scolded media big shots during an
off-the-record Trump Towers sit-down on
Monday sources told the Post it was like
an F een firing squad one source said of
the encounter Trump started this is
still in quotes Trump started with CNN
chief Jeff Zucker and said I hate your
Network everyone at CNN is a liar and
you should be ashamed sounds perfectly
reasonable to me the meeting was a total
disaster the source went on the TV execs
and anchors went in there thinking they
would be discussing the access they
would get to the Trump administration
but instead they got out Trump style
dressing down a second source confirmed
the fireworks the meeting took place in
a big boardroom and there were about 30
or 40 people including the big news
anchors from all the networks Trump kept
saying we're in a room of liars the
deceitful dishonest media who got it all
wrong he addressed everyone in the room
calling the media dishonest deceitful
liars
he called out Jeff Zucker by name and
said everyone at CNN was a liar and CNN
was a network of lawyers just stop me
when he says something wrong okay jump
Trump didn't say NBC reporter Katie tor
by name but talked about an NBC female
correspondent who got it wrong then he
referred to a horrible network
correspondent who cried when Hillary
lost who hosted a debate which was
Martha Radice who was also in the room
and she did cry when Hillary lost the
stunned reporters tried to get a word in
edgewise to discuss access to a trump
administration now now obviously the
source for the New York Post is a very
Pro Trump paper and obviously the
sources for this come from the Trump
camp and they want this out there they
wanted you to know that Trump is doing
this because this is why we elected him
this is what we elected him to do to
kick these people's butts and it's a
very very interesting because we want
him to kick the presses butts but we
also want the press to cover him right
we don't want it's just that the press
has been so hysterical and so
hysterically unfair and then it goes on
by the way to this morning the New York
Times find he canceled the meeting with
him get this this is from the New York
Times a former newspaper says Trump
canceled today's meeting with the New
York Times with reporters and editors
set to go the president-elect announced
via Twitter around 6:00 a.m. that he
would not be taking questions from the
New York Times which were to be mostly
on the record unlike his meeting with
television news executives on Monday
he sent out a tweet I cancelled today's
meeting with the failing New York Times
when the terms and conditions of the
meeting were changed at the last moment
not nice
perhaps a new meeting will be set up
with the New York Times there another
tweet in the meantime they continue to
cover me inaccurately and with a nasty
tone another tweet the failing New York
Times just announced that complaints
about them are at a 15-year high I can
fully understand that but why announce
so this now there's the New York Times
commenting on this the just announced
tweet appears to be a reference to the
times public editor and independent
Ombudsman who did indeed say a surge of
letters to the editor since the election
rivals the one that followed the attacks
of September 11th online comment
sections and calls to the public editor
are similarly swelling some commenters
are complaining of overly harsh
treatment of mr. Trump but many others
are angry that the Times was too
sanguine about Hillary Clinton's victory
prospects those are both the same those
are both the same complaint though those
are both complaining that they're
leaning to the left right so it's said
so that's left is complaining about the
fact that they leaned to the left and
right is complaining about the fact that
they leaned to the left and and The
Times senior vice president for
communications Eileen and Murphy
responded to Trump's tweet of canceling
the meeting we were unaware that the
meeting was cancelled until we saw the
president elects tweet this morning we
did not change the ground rules at all
and made no attempt to they tried to
yesterday asking for only a private
meeting and note on the record segment
segment which we refused to agree to in
the end we concluded with them that we
would go back to the original plan of a
small off-the-record session and a
larger on-the-record session with
reporters and columnist so so now the
line that these people are putting out
by the way this I mean this stuff is
hilarious because they really this you
know they have really miss pay we'll get
back to that in just a minute but now
their horror is that Trump is using
Twitter to do an end run around the
gatekeepers of the media the sacred
gatekeepers of the media and this is
very dangerous so here's Katie tor who
was called out at the meeting from MSNBC
he or she is complaining about how bad
this is this is certainly an indication
that Donald Trump is going to try and do
things
his own way we know that he's already
used Twitter to his advantage in that
sense they are trying to get out his
message without the filter of the press
that way Donald Trump can say what he
wants to say sometimes spin the truth in
his favor like we're getting a little
bit of Trump TV the prediction was if he
lost he was going to start his own
Network he is in a sense starting his
own line of communication avoiding the
media and there and there was a question
of whether Trump TV was really for if he
lost or for if he wants frankly and and
his ability to get out would he what he
thinks is his message I mean we can see
that with Breitbart pushing along Donald
Trump's strategies his platforms
pushing back against his critics they've
got this Facebook TV thing that they've
been doing so this could be the start of
them trying to really undercut and
diminish the American Free Press which
is a problem you may not remember this
but when Obama came to office the fact
that he used Twitter just showed how hip
and cool and new he was his to Obama's
use of Twitter was just for all of us to
marvel at and this is while the New York
Times was asking Obama questions like
what enchants you about being president
of the United States I mean whatever
that's bhama a tough question we would
have to listen for three days while the
press debated whether whether a reporter
had been disrespectful remember this
remember major Garrett the last one was
major Garrett after this crazy Iran deal
to give around nuclear not to give
around nuclear weapons but it will
result in Iran getting nuclear weapons
major Garrett said if you're making
deals with Iran why not get our hostages
released here's Dana Bash remember this
is you've been a White House reporter
I've been a White House reporter you
know what it's like to stand up and ask
the president a question and you do want
to be tough but there's a fine line
especially maybe I'm old school standing
in the East Room a fine line between
asking a tough question and maybe
crossing that line a little bit and
being disrespectful so I think that that
happened there
don't be disrespectful to the bright I
mean these guys the big big lie that
they are telling the big big lie that
they are telling is that we've abandoned
our objectivity because Trump is so
specially bad that's their big lie but
just you know go on The Daily wire Aaron
Bandler one of our better writers one of
our best writers has a piece about the
fact that Obama tweeted going around the
press I guess a danger to our Free Press
Obama tweeted that he's had a scandal
free administration we haven't been
plagued by the scandals and Aaron just
lists the scandals that were had that
the press just didn't cover Operation
Fast and Furious remember where they
were letting guns run into Mexico so
that they ended up killing our border
agents Benghazi of course the IRS
targeting conservative organizations a
huge scandal that really has only gotten
full coverage in Kimberly straw souls
book the intimidation game the DOJ
seizing Associated Press phone records
as well as phone and email records from
Fox News reporter James Rosen the NSA
conducting mass surveillance against
American citizens without a warrant
which we only found out because of
Edward Snowden the Obama administration
paid ransom to Iran hushed hostages and
lied to the American people about it
that was one of their biggest lies but
one of the most obvious lies as well
Hillary's email scandal that was going
on under Obama's nose and he was writing
to her under a private server on her
private server under a pseudonym so he
knew it was going on the EPA the
Environmental Protection Agency poisoned
a Colorado River as they were the EPA
breached the gold King mine in the state
and mistakenly dug at the bottom as well
as didn't test for pressure both of
which were mistakes that led to three
million Galax gallons of toxic mine
waste the EPA also broke federal law in
promoting a regulation the General
Services Administration scandal The
Secret Service can all of these things
have been happening if they covered if
they had covered the Obama
administration the way they've covered
the first few days of the Trump
transition Obama would have been run out
on a post I mean it would have been a
constant scandal and now you know I love
this exchange Chris Cuomo does the TWiT
Twitter thing - why is why is he picking
on Hamilton
then Saturday Night Live why is he doing
this I love Kellyanne Conway's answer
why take up SNL no president does that
why take it up why waste the time why I
distract what but why do you care
in other words who's to say that he
can't do that make a comment spend five
minutes on a tweet and making a comment
and stuffing the right to do it as
absolute nobody's saying that his
buddies as my president as my present
then focus on what he did this week as
your president-elect which was
unbelievable to say unprecedent he
doesn't take any responsibility for his
own it's on me for focusing I didn't say
that I didn't say he wasn't responsible
but you're you're assigning malice
you're assigning wrongdoing to him where
it doesn't exist and I think we all
should have learned a lesson from the
election that that doesn't fly with the
voters and except this isn't about his
base as an insurgent and playing on what
people are angry and frustrated about
one because he won we won Michigan and
Wisconsin and truth in you for the first
time there's not like was a blowout
right it was you won by a hundred
thousand votes
sorry States and I lost the popular vote
he's now president of everybody right so
Teddy will be why focus on divisions
that's all I'm saying
focus on divisions this network and
other people will always be focused on
his divisions how about accepting
election results Chris and letting him
form a government what businesses are
viewers if he wants to send out a tweet
is absolutely right and they never did
this they never did this with Obama hey
we've got some really interesting stuff
about these alt writers is pretty
sickening stuff actually and you'll want
to hear it so you got to come over to
the Daily wire if you're on Facebook or
on YouTube and while you're there you
could subscribe and then send your
questions about the meaning of your life
to our mailbag for tomorrow
