it's that time of the month when we
begin to feel bloated and crampy and
find blood flowing out of our whatever's
that's right it's time to visit our
favorite website everyday feminism where
feminism is transformed from a toxic
philosophy that makes people miserable
into a toxic philosophy that makes
people miserable every single day
today's post from everyday feminism is
entitled how Donald Trump's election
reveals the danger of white male
fragility and no I didn't just make that
title up to make feminists sound like a
bunch of clueless self-serious shrews
who can't see beyond their own narrow
worldview because they enshroud everyone
who disagrees with them in a fog of
pseudo psychology and moral demonization
that just comes free with the site the
post begins quote as the last few weeks
of the election dragged on Donald
Trump's campaign became yet another
vestige of the white male hetero
patriarchy unquote now let me just pause
here as much as I hate to mansplain the
English language it seems I'm going to
have to mansplain until these feminists
can girl understand the word patriarchy
means a form of social organization in
which the father is the supreme
authority a patriarchy is a father to
add the prefix hetero is to suggest that
these patriarchs have sex with women
this is a redundancy since that's almost
certainly how they became patriarchs in
the first place
more importantly the word vestige means
a mark trace or visible evidence of
something that is no longer present but
since Donald Trump's campaign was
successful hetero patriarchy must still
be in place so it can't actually leave a
vestige I mean it's almost as if this
writer is so over emotional that she's
lost her ability to reason and has just
gone off on some shrill nagging
hysterical tirade oh wait this is
everyday feminism so of course that's
what happens sorry okay the article goes
on to explain that Donald Trump's
behavior is systemic of quote white male
fragility unquote white male fragility
is defined as when white males become
defensive simply because they're being
attacked for instance let's say some
screaming Mimi of a berserk
harridan gets in a man's face and starts
shrieking an intolerable voice that
sounds like a cross between a hawk and a
monster-truck burning rubber that
everything's unfair and white men are
oppressing her even though white men
invented everything that makes her life
possible from computers to birth control
to air conditioning to razors and
deodorant which on a side note we're
really good inventions just saying and
anyway now this which wants to put an
end to whatever the hell she's
complaining about and blah blah blah
finally the white male is just had it
with her and says would you please shut
your ever-loving piehole and stop
complaining for one minute and do
something useful for someone else once
in your life like maybe make dinner so
at least I can start to remember why I
let you into my house in the first place
was I talking about a never mind it
probably wasn't important the Trading
metric - and this is the Andrew Clavin
Joe
we love you everyday feminism once a
once a month a they give me the day off
you know I just have to read read the
post from everyday feminism oh gosh
all right the Cleveland last weekend
lose already at this one this week this
week shot by and you know it's it's now
been it has now been a full week this is
the first full week since the election
was over I have to admit I'm glad the
election is over I mean the election was
getting a long long long election so
I've been trying to assess where we are
like what happened exactly because the
numbers are still just being parsed and
there people are figuring out and trying
to assess where we are what happened and
where we're going and before I start to
rip into the left which I will be doing
of course because that's why we're here
but before I do let me just rip into the
right for a minute you know I was
thinking I was thinking what is it about
since I'm on the writers thinking what
is it about the write that makes it hard
to see the truth you know just like the
left is it has a hard time seeing the
truth because if they saw the truth they
would shatter because they would find
out what they are and then they couldn't
bear it but on the right you know I was
you know there's all jokes about how
many people does it take to change a
light bulb like they'll be like my
favorite my two favorites one is how
many feminists does it take to change a
light bulb and the answer is that's not
funny you know and then and of course
because I'm a writer there's one how
many writers does it take to change a
light bulb and it's one to hold the
light bulb while the world revolves
around him and that's always it I've
always liked that but I was thinking
that conservatives if the light goes out
say the light bulb goes out in the
ceiling
it's like conservatives like oh no now
we're going to have to live in darkness
forever and you go like well you know
I'll change the light bulb no you won't
be able to change the light buff but
last time it went out I change the ass
but now there are more Mexicans in the
country and they won't let you change
the light you know you go like well wait
no Mexicans need light - maybe no it's -
the Democrats
so I have to I have to admit that I mean
the conservators are natural pessimists
that's what makes us conservatives in a
sense because we can always say oh if
you change this everything's gonna fall
apart you know and and I I actually
don't believe that but I do fall prey to
this occasionally and I fell prey to
this early on in this election when
Donald Trump was nominated when Donald
Trump was nominated because I had two
complaints about Donald Trump one was
his personal character especially is
evidenced in his call for violence
against hecklers and things like that
which struck me as being having a
fascist element to it but the other was
that he's a left-wing or he's a Democrat
he believes in solving problems through
the government he talks about you know
an infrastructure of spending and all
this stuff and he's surrounded by people
who are Democrats and he's given money
to the Clintons and all this stuff and
and when Trump was nominated I thought I
have lost this election the things that
I believe in are gone and you know the
fact that a lot of conservative
commentators from Sean Hannity Dennis
Prager were jumping on the Trump train
made me feel like the thing that I had
given the last ten years of my life to
which was fighting this conservative for
this conservative cause of smaller
government and more freedom and less
spending was gone it was over you know
and I just thought it's it's completely
destroyed and this movement is gone and
Breitbart is dead and he's not coming
back and that's that's all there is to
it and that very concise very
conservative low light has gone out and
will never be able to change the light
bulb but now it suddenly occurred to me
and so I I did my morning a long time
ago like other people other
conservatives I know were mourning when
Trump got elected were saying like oh no
no the Trump has taken over the
Republican Party I was old way way past
that already but now it occurs to me I'm
looking at the Democrats and the
Democrats have been decimated and it
never once occurs to me that the
Democrats won't come back you know I
mean cuz right cuz because that's the
other side of conservative pessimism is
that
oh no they're not gonna he'll be right
there they're starting right up again
you know and so and so I thought well if
they're coming back then why aren't we
coming back so I just wanted to try just
to start this is just a beginning to
start to assess you know what happened
and and where are we and the thing that
makes it so hard is the press I mean the
press la you know aren't aren't radicals
and our crazies tend to be in the
comment section of like Breitbart and
draw you know the wherever there's a
comments that's where our crazies are
their crazies and radicals tend to be in
Congress in the White House and see
that's the difference and the press and
so the press is constantly babbling this
radical stuff and saying that we're
radicals when we are actually when the
right is actually moderates there where
the people who are fighting for the the
original values so yesterday I read this
story that really did crack me up from
NBC Trump dodged the press and went out
to a state dinner with his family and
NBC says this is the least transparent
administration in history they actually
said that I was cracking up because
remember you know as I said yesterday
but just to remind you in case you
weren't here the Obama administration
has been one of the least transparent
administration's in history they have
defied Freedom of Information Act
requests they remember they tapped James
James Rosen's phone at Fox they were
listening in on Rosen's phone they put
they put Dinesh D'Souza virtually in
jail they played who's on parole jail it
was a halfway house but but look you
know they found a way to accuse him of a
minor minor campaign funding infraction
it was truly minor they threatened him
with I think it was 15 years in prison
so he copped the plea because that's
what that's how they get you you know
they this is how they always get people
to cop please so he copped the plea and
they punished him in ways that they
never punished people simply because
Dinesh had made this film attacking
Obama it was revenge
and and probably worst of all it was
jailing that crazy guy nakulan Akula who
was that his name that we you know the
guy who made the the Muslim thing and in
order to in order to hide the fact that
Benghazi was a terrorist attack that the
attack on the you know in the compound
in Benghazi was a terrorist attack and
that Obama's claims that he had
decimated al Qaeda and that the
terrorism was over and he was winning
the war that the to hide the fact that
those were all lies and it was all
untrue this guy had to go to prison they
sent him to prison remember they
pressured the the police until they came
and arrested him carried him out it was
really awful so so this is the
the Trump went to dinner and then ducked
the press is just not a story so in the
New York Times today doubles down the
New York Times remember it used to be a
newspaper it doubled the downstate on
dinner gate dinner Gator goes on a front
page right to understand how this is
this is like their front page right to
understand how president elect Donald
Trump spontaneous meal this week of the
21 club the Manhattan night spot could
turn into a flash point on the future of
American journalism it's it's best I
swear I'm not making this up it's best
to start with what the news media
already knows about its future charge
since election day mr. Trump has refused
to let reporters accompany him to the
White House accused the media of
inciting protests of why would he ever
say that I can't imagine and tweeted
accusations that the New York Times
fabricated stories about his transition
interrupting us while we were
fabricating stories about his transition
okay I did make that photo as a
candidate he vilified journalists by
name and blacklisted news outlets that
displeased him one of the reasons he was
elected because we hate you so much you
know so when mr. Trump ducked out to
dinner Tuesday night without informing
the journalists assigned to cover him it
struck White House reporters as a small
but significant woman that cordial
relationships between the president and
his press corps a hallmark of the West
Wing were under threat this is dinner
right this is Trump goes to dinner so
the media Research Center
god bless them right come went back and
found that in 2008 after Obama was
elected he went on vacation to Hawaii he
ducked the press and took his kids out
to a waterpark
New York Times here's the New York Times
from Obama ducking the press and taking
his kids to a water park in the news
free zone that is Barack Obama's pre
inauguration Hawaiian vacation this
passes for a bulletin the
president-elect ditched his pressed pool
of media minders to take his daughters
to a water park on Friday in making his
dash with his Secret Service security
detail to be sure mr. Obama drew
attention both to the seemingly odd but
important rituals of the presidential
and pre presidential bubble and to just
how much this very private
man Chiefs under its constraints he did
it again in 2010 by the way we took his
he duck the press so now he's president
right he ducks the press and he took his
kids to his he went to his kids soccer
game I'm sure you all remember that
because of the headlines in the multiple
story in the outside I don't remember it
either so the point of the press is to
support the Dems and to stir up hysteria
and remember they did this with george w
bush and they couldn't touch bush
because Bush was too clean until the
Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans and
then they it was like hate speech
reading the New York Times on Hurricane
Katrina New Orleans a city that had been
governed by Democrats for a hundred
years and for a hundred years Democrats
had funneled federal funds that were
supposed to bolster the levees and it
funneled them into their own pockets so
that when the hurricane hit the levees
broke because of Democrats and this was
all george w bush's fault because Virgil
bush sat in the Oval Office going like
this until it developed into a hurricane
and blew New Orleans away that's the how
the weather works so you know these guys
are just doing everything they can to
make this transition period in which
there has been virtually no news there
has been no political news to make this
into an you know a cause for hysteria we
have to all be history and there ginning
this up and it's gonna have an effect
down the line right when there's a
crisis when Trump says something wrong
when he does something wrong then we're
gonna have the sense that like we had
with george w bush that all this stuff
has been going on all this time in the
same way we have the sense that the
obama administration has been
scandal-free
because they didn't cover fast and
furious because they didn't cover the
IRS they didn't cover the politicization
of the Justice Department so
everything's been great great you know
Obama is looking around him he's making
speeches like you know mesquite that cut
from Obama in I guess he's in Greece and
somebody asked him did he realize there
was anger in the electorate he was his
response
and consummate information have
disrupted people who lives some of that
but also psychological there is no doubt
that is produced pagas movements over
the wet and him right and he made any
kind of agrees in Europe when you see a
novel problem and it burns very
unconventional have then obviously
there's some of them there as of being
that identity a suspicion of it all the
way a desire to ring in its time tell
whether the prescriptions are wrong or
satisfying those people who've been
fearful or so that that sound by the way
was him he was standing in a big vaulted
space and it was a killing off that
wasn't our sound hey you know before I
unpack this I've got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube you should come
over the daily wire and keep listening
and while you're there while you're
there you know we had this new thing
where you can turn off the ads is it
free for a certain amount of time you
can turn off the ads and I think all
they want is your email address you
should try that and try subscribing
because then you get the entire feed
right there on the site for for your
lousy eight bucks and all kinds of good
things we get Ben you get everything you
get me is get the whole site ad free and
it's great so come on over and listen to
the rest of the show on The Daily wire
