Democrats are meeting today to discuss
their future in the aftermath of an
election that reduced the party to a
steaming pile of scrap metal and tears a
study group which includes every
Democrat who still holds elective office
will gather in the children's party
section of the McDonald's on route 90
outside Watertown Massachusetts and will
pool their remaining Wall Street
donations to buy enough Happy Meals so
that every two elected officials can
split one between them the Democrats
plan to discuss how to continue as a
political party when virtually every
tenet of their philosophy has been
rejected by the American electorate some
of the suggestions that are on the
agenda include a plan to bring together
every Democratic governor who has a
Democratic legislature late legislature
in his state to form a barbershop
quartet which would still leave one
governor to pass the Hat after the show
the quartet could raise money for future
elections by seeing such classic fan
favorites as Lida rose as well as catchy
new songs like we swear will tax your
neighbor and give you all his money but
please don't vote us out of a job sweet
out of line there's also a plan on the
table to organize 190 remaining
Democratic congressmen into a smaller
soccer league this would be a fun way to
continue imitating Europeans without all
that socialism stuff that no one likes
also if the congressmen aren't allowed
to use their hands the interns will feel
safer another suggestion for the
Democrats future is to build a towering
stone obelisk to celebrate the Obama
administration with Obama actually
inside the obelisk so he can escape and
do any more damage to the party there's
also an idea being floated to take the
remaining political power of the party
and use it to run a miniature train set
or one of those cool electronic cars
that you can guide by remote control
although that might also require some T
batteries but the big question facing
the Democrats is how to sell their ideas
to an electorate that has already had
eight years of them in a recent poll
voters were asked whether they prefer
more Democrat policies or to have a
piece of rebar threaded into this
smallest orifice of their bodies and
then woven through their internal organs
until it emerged from their eyeballs 82
percent responded it depends on what
rebar is and how big among those
offering suggestions for a way for
former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid
Reid can't attend the meeting personally
because he suffered an injury after his
chest expander snapped and struck him in
the eye
then swung around and hit him on the
back of the head and kicked his legs out
from under him and sat on top of him and
pounded him in the face until he learned
to keep his creepy hands to himself but
Reid did issue a statement saying quote
the democrat party can continue to win
the hearts of americans by lying about
our intentions demonizing our opponents
and screwing poor people while cozying
up to the rich and ripping off the
middle class unquote so basically it's
democrat business as usual trigger
warning i'm andrew Clavin and this is
the andrew Clavin show
hooray it's already it's the mailbag is
tomorrow if you have not subscribed you
cannot be in the mailbag and if you have
subscribed for a lousy eight bucks a
month I mean come on if you've
subscribed you can send your questions
in what do they send is there a way to
send is there a button or something that
they pressed us and on the left side of
the site there's a button you can send
in your questions all answers are
guaranteed 100% correct and ninety seven
point eight percent to look likely to
change your life for the better so yeah
it's bright in anything you want about
the arts about politics about your
personal life and we will answer them
all with perfect accuracy it's amazing
it's an amazing system we've been having
some problems with a facebook feed we're
sorry about that we hope they're not the
censoring us because then we might get
angry and elect Donald Trump president
or something we wouldn't want that to
happen would we you know this is why we
can't have nice presidents actually we
don't think they are censoring us we
think they're just getting up this new
Facebook live system and it's kind of
we're kind of overwhelming it but we're
sorry we are working on it and hoping to
get it fixed so there's certain things
on the show before I get started on the
news or certain things that I say on the
show and in my personal life that people
don't like and some of them they're
things like this when I tell people that
anger is the devil's cocaine and they
should not play to their anger because
it makes them feel righteous and they're
not righteous people you annoyed when I
say things like that because they say no
my anger is a righteous anger and I am
righteous anger anger supplies a sense
of virtue to the right in the same way
victimhood supplies a sense of virtue to
the left and since we don't really have
any virtue that's the oh that's the
whole secret of life that's the big
secret we don't really have any virtue
Allah I always think it's self-deluding
to be angry and people don't like it
when you tell them not to play to their
anger because it takes that sense of
virtue away same thing during this
election I kept telling people reminding
people on the air and in my personal
life you don't really know the future
and if ever an election was going to go
differently I kept saying over and over
again if ever an election was gonna go
differently than people said it was this
was the one 2016 was the one not one
person has come up to me and said Wow
thank you for imparting that wisdom in
the net the next time I won't try to I
won't be so certain about what the
future will bring and the reason is is
people predict the future to overcome a
sense of powerlessness and they in a
sense of suspense which is painful so
they don't like you telling them that
they can't predict the future because
that's the very thing they're trying to
avoid knowing right so you're taking so
let me just say yet one more thing that
people are not going to like American
political discussions are rife with
womanish hysteria all right and when I
say one minute I mean as opposed to
feminine feminine when I think of we
were feminine I think grace tenderness
kindness wisdom all the things that go
along with femininity but woman issue I
just think this self dramatizing
self-important hysteria about minor
issues okay and the reason people do
this I think is because it gives them a
sense of importance self-importance and
power if we're fighting evil if we're
not just fighting some clown making a
stupid policy mistake then you know then
we're important it's important this is
why I don't use the word evil like I've
written several times that I don't think
Obama is evil I have opposed virtually
everything Obama has done I don't think
I don't really like him personally I'm
not part of that 58% of or whatever it
is that say they like him personally
even if they disagree with him I don't
like him personally I think he's an
arrogant FOP and an anti-american and
self-deluded and a narcissist but I
don't think he's evil and people keep
saying no he's evil you know their
governments in this country were the
police the police will kick down your
door rape your wife kill your children
throw you in a pit so deep no one will
ever see you again
that's what evil looks like happy pants
you know it doesn't look like it doesn't
look like Obamacare it doesn't look like
some guy passing a bad bill you know so
so I'm just trying to look at this
moment in time before the new president
comes into office without hysteria
without self-importance and that's what
we're gonna try to do today but first we
have to look at Obama himself because he
is he is one of the funniest but you
know I can never tell with him whether
he's self deluded or working hard to
delude the rest of us or if there's a
difference I don't think I think maybe
the to blend together you know that he
doesn't he's such a narcissist that he
can't admit that things have gone
terribly wrong ministration is basically
thank you for your administration now
that US
been out the door and yesterday he gives
this press conference it's hilarious let
me he's talking about the transition
play number two my team stands ready to
accelerate in the next steps that are
required to ensure a smooth transition
and we are gonna be staying in touch as
we travel I remember what it was like
when I came in eight years ago it is a
big challenge
this office is bigger than any one
person and that's why ensuring a smooth
transition is so important it's not
something that the Constitution
explicitly requires but it is one of
those norms that are vital to a
functioning democracy similar to norms
of civility and tolerance and a
commitment to reason and facts and
analysis it it's part of what makes this
country work and as long as I'm
president we are going to uphold those
norms and cherish and uphold those
ideals you mean for the last five
minutes of your presidency now that
you've been completely reduced rebuked
this is a guy whose call is compared his
opponents to terrorists you know he has
just trolled the left he has been the
inside story is that he has never
negotiated never once negotiated he has
come to agreements with Congress and
then backed away on them he has never
given in to anything he crammed
Obamacare remember no Republican votes
there's never been a bill well maybe
that's not true there probably was a
bill during the Civil War that had only
one party in support of it but they said
like no party there's been no bipartisan
support and suddenly you know he what
he's doing is he's pretending to be the
president the press has always pretended
him to be he's pretending suddenly that
he's the keeper of our ideals of
civility I mean this arrogant guy who
was done nothing remember we're clinging
to our Bibles and we're clinging to our
religion he has given no quarter to his
opponents so now he talks about suddenly
and he's also he is also at the same
time he may be discipline the one hand
he may be deceiving himself but he's
also playing Donald Trump is he's
manipulating trying to manipulate Donald
Trump because he knows that if you like
Trump if you're nice to Trump drop
like us you know Trump said of Putin
Putin says I'm a genius oh now I like
Putin he here he is talking on about
reaching out ok about reaching across
the aisle how he's gonna explain this to
Donald Trump what I also discussed was
the fact that I had been encouraged by
his statements on election night about
the need for unity and his interest in
being the president for all people and
that how he staffs the first steps he
takes the first impressions he makes the
reset that can happen after an election
all those things are important and
should be thought about and I think it's
important to give him the room and the
space to do that it takes time to put
that together but I emphasize to him
that look in a election like this that
was so hotly contested and so divided
gestures matter and how he reaches out
to groups that he signals his interest
in their issues or concerns I think
those are the kinds of things that can
set a tone that will will help move
things forward once he's actually taken
office you know you know what I love
about this let me just remind you this
is the president who after the Supreme
Court ruled that gay marriage was
written into the Constitution that
Jefferson and you know and Madison wrote
gay marriage they said you know we must
have homosexuals must be allowed to
marry that's a that was what they were
talking about after the Supreme Court
decided that that was in the
Constitution this was it whatever
whatever you feel about this well no
matter how you feel what side you take
about this it was a hard fought to visib
divisive issue between people that
touched their religious convictions
their deepest convictions this is the
president who bathed the White House in
a rainbow flag telling 50% of the
country that was no longer their house
that the that in order to be loving in
order to be an official good person you
had to agree with this and the
president was telling you to get stuffed
if you didn't and this was a precedent
do like two years before him had himself
not agreed or pretended not to agree
with gay marriage so this is one of them
you know you know what he reminds me of
he walks into this he's talking as if he
had nothing to do with this divided
nation he's you know he talks like
Laertes and Hamlet remember at the end
of Hamlet everybody's lying dead on the
stage every characters lying dead on the
stage and Laertes comes back from the
war it's like wait what happened
everybody's dead you know it's like
Obama hasn't been here for eight years
what happened everybody's yelling at one
another is I get why is everyone so
divided
I hope Donald Trump won't convince you
know contribute to the a break
give me a break did you just land on
this plant you know it's ridiculous it
is absolutely ridiculous and the press
the press is baiting him is begging him
to attack for instance to attack the
appointment of Steve Bannon as as
Trump's chief strategist this has been
very well go into this in a minute but
Obama won't even touch it Obama says you
know he's not gonna talk about he says
do I have concerns yes I have concerns
let's listen to this the people of
spoken Donald Trump will be the next
president the 44th president a United
States and it will be up to him to set
up a team that he thinks will serve him
well and reflect his policies and those
who didn't vote for him
have to recognize that that's how
democracy works that's how this system
operates when I won and there were a
number of people who didn't like me and
didn't like what I stood for and I think
that whenever you've got an incoming
president of the other side particularly
in a bitter election like this it takes
a while for people to
reconcile themselves with that new
reality
hopefully it's a reminder that elections
matter and voting counts and so you know
I don't know how many times we have to
relearn this lesson because we ended up
having 43% of the country not voting or
eligible to vote but it makes a
difference and by the way in case you're
falling for any of this meanwhile his
team his team is slipping source
material to the press saying oh we
really have to hold Trump's hand they
don't know what they're doing you know
The Wall Street Journal had a story
yesterday okay um we had to explain to
Trump that he has to hire staff before
he takes office as if you know as if
really I mean this is garbage the fact
that The Wall Street Journal reported
this it just shows how well they're
being conned by the way these people
there's you know they're very
condescending and all this stuff just
absolutely ridiculous Krauthammer said I
think the best thing before I get to
that I'm gonna have to say goodbye to
people on Facebook if you're on Facebook
have we been have we actually say
goodbye to you on Facebook come on over
to the Daily wire and hear the rest and
subscribe so you can be part of
tomorrow's mail back send in your
questions on the to the mailbag
