with the election behind us it's time to
step back and take a look at the broader
picture of American politics then fall
to weeping quietly before drinking
ourselves into a stupor basically
Americans are now confronting two
conflicting views of economics foreign
policy and cultural standards in the
Republican view of the economy freedom
is the order of the day
capitalism ensures that you have the
choice to spend your own money on
whatever meaningless disposable trinket
happens to catch your fancy while
putting your kids tuition on a credit
card and paying twenty two percent
interest on it until you're so deep in
debt that you become a Democrat and go
on welfare in the democrat view of the
economy the government is here to give
you whatever you want so that you're
free to use your time to write a poem or
hold up a liquor store or share your oxy
prescription with your illegitimate
child now
you may ask Democrats how are you going
to pay for all that to which they reply
look over there a man who can't use the
girls bathroom even though he's wearing
a dress and then we argue about that
instead in the Republican view of
foreign policy our nation should never
go to war unless we get really angry and
then we should invade a lot of random
countries with just enough force to keep
the conflict going until Democrats can
come to power and surrender in the
democrat view of foreign policy our
nation should never invade other
countries at all so that the evildoers
rise to power everywhere and the world
devolves into tyranny and chaos until
Republicans come to power and get so
angry that they invade a lot of random
countries until Democrats can come to
power and surrender so basically both
sides can work together on this finally
in the Republican view of cultural
standards the old ways are best studies
have shown repeatedly that the things
that make people happy are faith in God
hard work family and Xanax especially
who in mixed with a king size Blount in
the Democrat view these old fashioned
religious values are just remnants of an
oppressive system based on mythological
belief long ago debunked by science or
something that sounds like science or
just someone in a white coat saying it's
been debunked if you're a woman you
should feel free to sleep around then
claim you a rape to
avoid feeling like a slut then abort the
child you got pregnant with then demand
that the government spend millions
researching and curing the unheard of
venereal disease you contract so you can
get back to sleeping around if you're a
man you'll be called a rapist in a
sexist but you won't care because you'll
be getting so much tail so it's clear as
we look to the future we're going to
have to find a way to reconcile these
two visions into a single system of
self-destructive dysfunction and rage to
end on an optimistic note I think we're
already well on our way
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show all right
we are here and it's mailbag day all
right it's mailbag day so you have to in
order to be in the mailbag which is a
little uncomfortable but you get to send
in your questions to it in order to be
in the mailbag you have to subscribe to
the site if you subscribe for a year you
get a month free it's in a lousy eight
bucks a month you get been Shapiro's
novel true allegiance this is his first
novel I think this is the first novel
very entertaining read and and you get
me and you get Ben and you can watch the
entire show otherwise you're on Facebook
and YouTube and then suddenly darkness
descends upon you also my memoir the
great good thing a secular Jew comes to
faith in Christ is still on sale on it
as an e-book for $2.99 so you can get it
yeah it's good stuff especially if you
were thinking about these things all
right the forecast for the Cleveland
last weekend is sunny with a Chance of
leftist tears I think well it looks like
it's gonna be whining for four three
days running you know one thing I love
is that the left always takes things so
well you know they always take things so
calm so calmly I think we should go
right to the core of the leftist
establishment and hear from gossip
columnist Perez Hilton as he addresses a
grateful nation if it were anybody else
anybody Ted and Cruz I would suffice
anybody but Donald Trump I wish it was
2012 Mitt Romney's sensible guy sensible
Donald Trump had had a Twitter taken
away from him my god
I feel I feel for that man i that is
really and then there's all the
celebrities Jon Stewart and Lena Dunham
and Whoopi Goldberg Miley Cyrus al
Sharpton they all said they were gonna
move to Canada
there's moved you happen how come they
didn't say they're gonna move to Mexico
and in Canada they're going like Lena
Dunham ooh new this is a major major
problem you know Mike my favorite tweet
I have two favorite tweets the first one
can we put it up so I can read it this
is before this is Laci green who's a
YouTube star and before the election
before the results come in she says
regardless of the outcome we are clearly
a deeply divided and broken nation so
much work ahead to mend heal and restore
the you in USA in less than four hours
later we are now under total Republican
role textbook fascism a few white
America a few you racist misogynist
pieces of blank goodnight for hours what
a difference four hours make boy oh boy
oh boy
so remember are you old enough to
remember when refusing the out to accept
the outcome of an election was an
unprecedented attack on our system of
government you know I mean the more what
was that 20 hours ago 20 the moral rules
simply do not apply to the left because
they're just so good they're just so
inherently good that whatever they do
it's goodness so and and we are just so
very bad that we must be opposed on
every so thousands of people across the
country here's the New York Times a
former newspaper thousands of people
pretty seems gonna be a former former
newspaper because I'm gonna be with us
thousands of people if I sound a little
gleeful that's because I'm drinking the
tears of leftist and it makes me happy
people across the country March shut
down highways burned effigies and
lynched one effigy can you imagine what
would have happened if they had
interesting Barack Obama Lynch burned
effigies and shouted angry slogans on
Wednesday night to protest the election
of Donald J Trump as president the day
hasn't even done anything yet
you know they keep saying I see on
Twitter it was trending not our
president not my president and I think
was trending and they kept saying when I
made fun of them they also will you did
this same thing with Barack Obama that
nobody did that you know we protested
the things he did protested Obamacare we
did protest Obamacare we did protest you
know the Iran deal and things like that
nobody protested the fact that he was
elected you know I mean these guys it's
art it's so entitled to think that
you're supposed to win every election
the demonstrations fueled by so you know
what this means
Donald J Trump when he gave his
acceptance speech was gracious he was
inclusive he didn't he didn't go back to
some of the things that divided people
he only mentioned the things he thought
everybody would agree on this means that
these protesters have less class than
Donald Trump I want each and every one
of you left us out there to look in the
mirror and say and point at that face
that's looking back at you and say you
have less class and graciousness than
Donald J Trump and live with that
all right here's here's one Pleasant
protester who was interviewed by CNN in
the midst of her and you're fearful that
you're going to lose friends and
if she's gonna lose parts of her family
to deportation it's because they're here
illegally right so so like instead of
instead of doing what she could
reasonably do
country this generous this kind this
unrighteous which is begging for mercy
instead of saying yes we broke the law
but give us a break because now we're
here in boo-hoo-hoo you know which even
even we on the right would probably
respond to instead she's gonna kill
people to protect her right to break our
laws it's like I mean no one is more
entitled than people who know that they
have done the wrong thing but you know
how can people not be upset
how can people not be upset this is all
on the media our old friends the
mainstream media listen listen to Van
Jones on CNN this is going this is a
meme meme an idea that's going around is
how are we going to tell our children
about Donald Trump the LA Times how to
break this to you first of all why
should we be helping you raise your
children raise your own damn you can't
figure out how to tell him somebody got
you know president tell him tell him
it's a new you know the last time we had
a black the first black president now we
have the first orange president it's a
wonderful accepting country okay so
here's Van Jones the brokenhearted Van
Jones a man who supported a cop-killer
remember that guy whose name I can't
pronounce guys on death row and he was
telling us what a wonderful fellow this
guy was for killing a cop he was Van
Jones how is how is he gonna break into
after he breaks it to them that he
supports killing murdering police
officers how is gonna break it to him
the Donald Trump is the president people
have talked about a miracle I'm hearing
about a nightmare it's hard to be a
parent tonight for a lot of us you tell
your kids don't be a bully you tell your
kids don't be a bigot you tell your kids
do your homework and be prepared and
then you have this outcome and you have
people putting children to bed tonight
and they they're afraid of breakfast
they're afraid of how do I explain this
to my children I have Muslim friends who
are texting me tonight saying should I
leave the country
I have families of immigrants that are
terrified tonight this was many things I
this was a rebellion against the elites
true it was a complete reinvention of of
politics and polls it's true
it was also something else we've talked
about race I mean we talked about
everything but race tonight we talked
about income we've talked about class we
talked about region we haven't talked
about race this was a white lash white
lash it's a white light so I have a lot
to say about this white lash business
because this is what is ginning people
up it's it's this idea that any any
notion that they disagree with any
politics they disagree with is hate and
they said it about Mitt Romney and they
said it John McCain they may have a case
against Donald Trump but they always say
it so they have no so they're just the
the people who cried wolf here so first
of all if you are if you insist as the
left insists that everything is about
race that everything is about your black
and the I'm Hispanic and this is one is
this and this one is that how on earth
can you say two white people you can't
vote your race where is your moral
authority to say that you can't vote
your race so here is NBC continuing this
white Lash this is their new thing
they're their little idea that they've
come up with here is NBC covering this
going out and covering the awful effects
on our country of white lash helps ID
the nation's african-american history
museum there's deep worry about
president elect Donald Trump's victory
and the huge turnout by will working
class white voters how much is it about
race I mean Trump has made the whole
election about race so about a hundred
percent of it I'm not angry you know I'm
hurt I'm hurt because it says a lot
about America they see what's been
called a white lash white Americans
feeling left out and deep resentment as
the nation grows more diverse rallied by
a candidate who promised to ban Muslims
wall out Mexicans and who challenged the
very legitimacy of the nation's first
black president for 16 year-old Valerie
trevean who was born in the US this
election seems more like an eviction her
undocumented parents were deported back
to Colombia ten months ago with Clinton
she saw hope with Trump tonight
helplessness donald trump deported her
parents ten months ago that's awful
donald trump the porter went back in
time to become president in the past and
deported her
her parents that arms son-of-a-gun
I cannot believe that he would do oh
wait oh talking about you know okay her
parents were deported under Barack Obama
because they were here illegally and
this thing you know let's let's take a
look at some of this they said he wants
to ban Muslims which he said he took
back he you know morphed from that as he
put it for into keeping you know Muslims
out vetting them the extreme vetting as
he called it which of course we need of
course we need to extremely vet people
from Muslim countries to make sure they
don't want to kill us you know that's
that's not a big and he and he said he
wanted to wall out Mexicans he wants to
wall out Mexicans I mean Trump didn't
even say that he wants to wall out
illegals he wants to enforce our laws
about the border I got a lot more to say
and and the mail bag but you got if
you're on Facebook and YouTube we're
gonna cut you off like that cheap sob
eight bucks but you can come to the
Daily wire calm and listen to the rest
