you're about to hear words from you've
never heard before I was dead wrong I
was dead wrong about this election I was
dead wrong that Donald Trump would not
win in the primaries I was dead wrong
that Donald Trump would not beat Hillary
Clinton in the general election I was
wrong that the poll data was reliable it
was not I was wrong the experts knew
what the hell they were talking about
with regard to ground game they didn't I
was wrong that the movement of which
Donald Trump bragged was just more Trump
II and braggadocio rather than a real
on-the-ground mass phenomenon now I pray
fervently that Donald Trump proves me
wrong again about him as a human being I
didn't vote for Trump yesterday for all
the reasons I expressed yesterday on
this program I do not think Donald Trump
is a good man let alone a great one I'm
deeply concerned he's not conservative
I'm deeply concerned who failed to
fulfill his promises that he'll focus on
useless fights that he'll will engage in
counterproductive ones that he'll sell
out the people who voted for him I'm
concerned the Republicans justifiably
intoxicated by a victory over the Wicked
Witch of the West Hillary Clinton will
grant a halo effect Trump that will
allow him to engage in anti conservative
policies that will damage the country
and political foolishness that will
damage the conservative movement with
constituencies that conservatives are
still going to have to recruit but I
have said for months that Trump could
prove me wrong I did say that he
certainly has every opportunity to do so
now he enters office with the majority
of Republicans in the Senate he enters
office with the majority of Republicans
in the House he answers with an open
Supreme Court seat a vast majority of
GOP state legislators a vast majority of
GOP governors now is the time for the
vast change that we were promised in
that Donald Trump promised to deliver
this will require Donald Trump to change
as a human that doesn't mean he should
lose his fighting nature at all
obviously should keep fighting the media
it's the best thing that he did the
entire campaign I've praised that part
of him for years and consistently
throughout this election cycle it
doesn't mean he should stop channelling
the outrage of Americans but bad people
don't become better people when they
decompiler 'fl people and Donald Trump
was just handed the keys to the car the
leadership of the most powerful country
in the history of humanity and the most
powerful office in the most powerful
country in the history of humanity well
Trump
feel freed from the boundaries set on
him by the strictures of a presidential
race well he feel unshackled to be sort
of the bad Trump that we saw during the
primaries and during the general or will
Trump actually change as a human and be
elevated by his office will he
grow into the person that we all want
him to be write sincerely hope really I
hope that I'm wrong about him and that
it is the latter
I plan to hold them accountable if it's
the former as I have for the entirety of
this election cycle and consistently
throughout my career I will praise Trump
when he deserves it I will criticize him
when he does not deserve it for the sake
of America for the sake of conservatism
I hope I hope I have nothing but praise
for presidents elect Donald Trump I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
which one will begin I think that's the
big news from the election by the way is
that that lives on for another four
years gang so if you like good Trump bad
Trump that sucker lives on and and we
still continue not to pay royalties to
Brandon Snipes the creator of that
particular that particular Diddy so
that's very exciting stuff a lot to get
to today did something happen last night
I missed it I did something there's a
basketball game right somebody won
somebody lost I just people were saying
something big was happening and hmm if I
seem a little bit tired today that's
because we did an eight hour broadcast
yesterday we did a live broadcast here
at Daily wire calm and on Facebook me
and Andrew Klavan and Jeremy boring and
and Bill Whittle stopped by for more
time than he should have and and some
others stopped by as well is even
crowder glenn back it was it was a
star-studded affair but it was it was
really it was really great fun and it
was fun to watch the race shift over the
course of the evening from Donald Trump
is going to lose to Donald Trump is now
going to defeat Hillary Clinton and
watching just the life blood drain out
of the faces of the people who love
Hillary Clinton watching as the universe
leached all meaning from their lives was
was really quite astounding and in many
ways we'll get to all of that in the
side but first if you were looking at
the stock market today and the stock
market was down a lot today and you're
thinking hey maybe I should invest in
precious metals well you need to talk to
my friends at Birch gold birchgold.com
slash Ben is the place to do this if you
want to move some of your assets into
precious metals if you feel like the
market is inflated if you are concerned
that now that President Trump has been
elected president select Trump
hey I'm sorry president elect Trump has
been elected to the the presidency to
the White House if you're concerned that
Barack Obama on his way out is going to
have Janet Yellen raise the interest
rates to give Oh to give
from a bad economy and you want to
invest some of your money in precious
metals talk to my friends over Birch
gold group calm / Ben and to move some
of your IRA or 401k into precious metals
ask all your questions get all your
answers and then work with the folks at
Birch gold group birchgold.com / Ben
okay so here's the deal here's the uh
there's so much to talk about
surrounding the selection who are sort
of the winners and who are the losers
and what do conservatives do from here
because you know Donald Trump I have
hopes that Donald Trump with a
conservative majority is going to
actually do some very conservative
things I do have hope for that that's
going to require Mitch McConnell to have
a spine and that is going to that's
always a dicey proposition especially
when there are apparently 51 senators
that means that he really has to hold
his caucus in check if you want Donald
Trump to get things done Mitch McConnell
must hold kind of weak-kneed Republicans
like like the what susan collins from
maine has to hold them in in check for
sure that's that's a very important
thing but i want to talk about first the
biggest losers last night so there are a
lot of people just to get this this kind
of elephant out of the room who say that
never Trump was the big loser last night
not really because I knew one of these
two people was gonna be elected and I
didn't want it to be Hillary and I
didn't want it to be Trump so I lost
this election a long time ago and last
night if you watched the broadcast I
said I was feeling pretty ambivalent I
felt a little bit manic-depressive every
time we talked about Hillary Clinton not
being President a smile crossed my face
the hilarity of Hillary Clinton spending
her entire life using whatever was left
of her soul in order to become President
of the United States only to lose to
Donald Trump a reality TV star after
spending her entire life standing next
to a guy who sexually abuses women after
using every element of government to
corrupt effect after perverting justice
after escaping justice after running
1,000 times for the presidency to win
the popular vote but lose heavily in the
electoral vote again to Donald Trump a
person that she and her husband told to
run it's the gas wonderful every time I
thought of that I just thought somewhere
Hillary Clinton is just tying Huma
Abedin to a bed and beating orth akane
but not in not in the usual way so
that's that's you know that it the
imagery there is pretty phenomenal
and pretty hilarious and then I thought
president Trump and I thought yes that
happened that's the thing I mean you
know my views of Trump I have not been
shy about my views of Trump in the past
as I said in the opener here when Donald
Trump has to change as a man in order
for me to him to earn my support as
president of the United States he didn't
earn my vote because the evidence that I
saw did not suggest he was a man worthy
of my vote now he has the opportunity to
to earn my support by doing all the
things that he promised that he would do
and avoiding all the things that he
promised he would do also and actually
being a good president so we'll see how
that turns out also I'd like to see him
ascend to the character that is
necessary for a Republican President of
the United States I still care about
character in a Republican president and
I'd like to see Donald Trump become that
I'd like to see Donald Trump change as a
human being whether he does or not is up
to him and I will make my judgments of
that based on whether he does or not but
I don't think never Trump was the big
loser last night in the sense that I
didn't vote for Hillary I didn't want
Hillary to win and my agenda has been
always the same which was holds whoever
is in power to the fire when it comes to
conservative principles so here are the
real losers last night number one
Hillary Wow
Wow okay so the big untold story of this
election there are a lot of lies that
are being passed around already about
this election a lot of bad lessons that
are being learned for example the idea
that Donald Trump drove out a mass
movement Donald Trump just absolutely
drove out this brand-new vast mass
movement that existed never before in
human history
Donald Trump won less in terms of one
fewer popular votes in the general
election than Mitt Romney did in 2012
Mitt Romney won about 61 million votes
Donald Trump won somewhere between 59
and 60 million popular votes and he
actually under polled in terms of
absolute votes he under polled Mitt
Romney even in states like Wisconsin so
Romney won something like 1.4 million
votes in Wisconsin in 2012 and Trump won
1.3 million what that means is that the
real story of this election just in
terms of how this happened the real
story of this election is that Hillary
Clinton failed to drive out nearly 7
million Barak Obama voters nearly 7
million Barack Obama voters did not show
up for Hillary Clinton and that's off
his high in 2008 remember he lost
something like I think is 3 to 4 million
voters from 2008 to 2012 s from 2008
- - to 2016 Hillary Clinton dropped
somewhere in the neighborhood of 10
million Democrat voters that's how
unpopular she is she has been officially
named by the Guinness Book of World
Records the worst politician in the
history of humanity actually so
congratulations to Hillary on that prize
she lost to Obama in 2008 of course she
everybody thought she was gonna win
she lost then she nearly lost in the
primaries to a septuagenarian Asylum
escapee and then finally she loses to a
real a reality TV star who for weeks
before the election was hit with the
tape in which he said that he wanted to
grab women by the blade she lost to that
she is the worst politician in American
history and no one more richly deserves
that title okay second big loser
last night Barack Obama his agenda is
toast his agenda is in serious trouble
Obamacare will be repealed
if Republicans invoke the nuclear option
and can hold their caucus together
Obamacare will be repealed and it will
be replaced which is a great thing there
could be a conservative justice again if
Mitch McConnell does his job always a
dicey proposition we could see a tax
decrease we could see some significant
slashes to regulation Barack Obama's
executive orders will likely be walked
back Barack Obama remains popular
personally but he's popular in the same
way that many celebrities it turns out
our popular he's popular as a celebrity
no one likes his policies he doesn't get
to appoint his next of kin he doesn't
get to appoint Hillary to his third term
he is his agenda is essentially tossed
out on its ass and more than that Barack
Obama continued to make the case
throughout his presidency that America
was a deeply racist terrible place
filled by white people who were terribly
deeply racist and awful in America was a
negative force in the world the the best
thing about the Trump campaign in the
Trump movement the the thing that I
think is actually worthwhile is that
people were standing up and proudly
saying Bill little did say this
yesterday I think he's right what was on
the hat making America great again was
something that was worthwhile that
America is great the people here are not
racist we are not bad people we don't
deserve the ire of elites like Barack
Obama scoring us looking down on us and
pretending that they are on a higher
plane while they call us racist and then
pander to a racial base it totally
backfired on Obama it totally backfired
on Hillary and Obama's legacy is now on
the table the only legacy he's going to
have after the first hundred days of a
trump administration of Trump does his
job
the only leg
see Barack Obama will have is that he
preceded Donald Trump and that Barack
Obama was unable to win a third term
which means his real only legacy will be
that he was the first black president
which of course is the only reason the
media loved him in the first place okay
then the biggest losers in all of this
bigger than Hillary bigger than Obama
the biggest losers in all of this
obviously the media obviously the media
the media just gets schlonged in this
election cycle and I will say this
people say that it was Trump that ruined
the media I don't think that's right I
think the media ruined the media I think
the media ruined the media in 2012 when
they took a fundamentally decent man
Mitt Romney and called him a racist
sexist pig and homophobe and then in
2016 they said the same things about
Trump and it just didn't wash people
said you called Mitt Romney that and we
don't believe you we think that that was
a lie
you have no credibility whatsoever Bill
Maher said this we played it on tape the
other day and the media had no
credibility all of their talk about
racist sexist bigotry homophobia all of
it just fell apart it fell apart in
their faces they called wolf too many
times nobody believes anything they have
to say there was a poll yesterday at
exit poll showed 76% of the people who
voted but the media were more interested
in making money than they weren't
telling the truth when that's the case
the media have lost all power in our
elections and that is a grand and
glorious thing and I do have to thank
Donald Trump for consistently ripping on
the media now sometimes he's ripping on
them even when they were telling the
truth but the fact that people don't
trust the media overall is a good thing
considering the leftist bias inherent in
the media and that was so obviously on
display final big losers of the night
Senate Democrats Senate Democrats have
serious troubles now so the idea here
was the tenant Democrats were going to
gain a majority and they be able to
stymie a president Trump they don't the
only seats that Republicans hend up
losing are mark Kirk and Illinois and
maybe Kelly Ayotte in New Hampshire that
one is still a little bit too close to
call they end up retaining their Senate
majority that's horrible news for the
Democrats because in 2018 there are five
count'em five vulnerable Democrat seats
in the Senate if Republicans win
anywhere near that number they suddenly
have a dominant majority in the Senate
and Chuck Schumer doesn't have a lot of
power and I will say Chuck Schumer is a
very smart political operator Chuck
Schumer is going to create a
consolidated force against the
Republican majority Republican
majorities have a nasty habit of
splintering because they're always gangs
of eight and people who want to run for
president who want to stake out their
own ground
but if McConnell
hold fast hahaha if McConnell can hold
fast then you're looking at just a
devastating night for Senate Democrats
so here's the deal Donald Trump has no
excuse not to deliver on all the
promises that he's made none he has he
all the promises are on the table
he should be delivering on all the
promises I want to see Obamacare
repealed
I want to see the conservative justice
prove me wrong prove me wrong I said and
I said during the primaries and during
the general I did not trust Donald Trump
to do these things and I want to see him
prove me wrong and I will be the
happiest man on earth I will really be
happy I when I say I want to see him
prove me wrong I don't mean that
facetiously I would love nothing better
than for Donald Trump to turn out to
shock me and shock the world again and
end up being the second coming of Ronald
Reagan being a wonderful conservative
president and making the country better
for everybody I think that would be a
wonderful wonderful thing for the
country wonderful for the Republican
Party I do think that we're going to
have to you know take a little bit of
care in the lessons that we've learned
from this election cycle because we have
a habit of jumping to the wrong lessons
in various election cycles in this one
it's a single data point right and we're
going to learn a lot from that single
data point already some of the bad
lessons that I'm hearing are things like
polls are stupid no the polls in
Wisconsin were off the polls in Michigan
were off the polls in Pennsylvania were
off the polls were right on in Ohio they
were right on in Florida right on North
Carolina they're right on in New
Hampshire they're right on they were
right on in most of the country they
were off in a lot of these places
because they assumed that Hillary would
not have the massive voter drop-off that
she had the electorate in this election
cycle is d+ for for a four-year election
cycle for a presidential election cycle
that is unheard of normally to D +8
normally to but the National polling was
right on the money the polling average
had them had added about three percent
split with a three percent margin of
error hillary ends up winning the
popular vote by somewhere around one
percent so what that means is that all
of this talk about suddenly Bill
Mitchell is a poll expert because he
called the Trump was going to win know
sometimes you sometimes the broken clock
is right and Bill Mitchell is certainly
a broken clock he was right that does
not mean that all polls should be thrown
out it sort of reminds me of in baseball
in baseball for baseball fans there's
something called sabermetrics and that's
the idea that you study statistics when
you when you pick the players on your
team but when you get to the playoffs
sometimes there
the win that are not sabermetric we
build are not mathematically built and
the idea is that the sample size is just
too small for us to tell the
presidential elections only happened
once every four years
so the idea that stats don't matter
because we had a Black Swan election
that seems like the wrong lesson to
learn and a dangerous lesson to learn
the lesson you don't need a ground game
is a stupid lesson especially because
number one the RNC clearly did have a
ground game and number two because
you're going to need a ground game when
you have a candidate who doesn't have
100% name recognition and billions of
dollars in free media coverage and other
other things that people are learning
from this you can focus solely and
completely on the white vote that's a
mistake
Trump has an absolutely wonderful
opportunity now to reach out to new
constituencies he's the president that
means he can reach out in a really
significant way you should continue to
reach out to black communities he want
8% of the black vote which was more than
Mitt Romney's 5% of the black vote he
won 29% of the Hispanic vote which was
more than Mitt Romney's share of the
Hispanic vote which is absolutely
shocking and demonstrates the wild
unpopularity of Hillary Clinton he has
to reach out to those constituencies he
has to reach out to young people young
people voted heavily for Hillary Clinton
the reason I say this is because not not
to take away from from victory but to
note that this is not going to be the
last election ever and demographics are
continuing to shift away from older
white voters even if this even if older
white voters represented the outsized
the outside share of Trump voters that
drove them over the top on all of this
so those are my basic thoughts on the on
the election cycle but I want to go
through some of the details before we
get to all of that and say hello to our
sponsors over at trunk club.com so trunk
club calm if you're looking for
fantastic clothes like really well
tailored well crafted clothes and you
want somebody to help you out you need
basically a personal stylist that's what
trunk club does so you coordinate with
your own personal stylist when you go to
trunk club comm slash Ben and you type
in your measurement to share your likes
and dislikes and trunk Club will send
you a trunk of clothing straight to your
door handpicked by a personal stylist
you can text with the stylist they'll
tell you what you have in your wardrobe
that matches the things that they want
to send you and then you can take a look
and you send the you send the clothes
back that you don't want you keep the
ones that you do you can also if you're
in cities like Dallas New York LA
Chicago DC or Charleston you can go to
their trunk club book club houses which
are super cool I went to the one in LA
and they actually have a personal
stylist will medians
fair bit of time with you getting to
know kind of what you want in your
fashion they have for both men and women
its trunk club.com
slash been its trunk club.com slash been
to become part of trunk club i i think
the product is fantastic i have a pair
of jeans and a jacket from them spent my
own money on it because i think their
product is so good and because they do a
wonderful job of tailoring they'll even
tailor by the way your clothes you bring
your clothes to them for like a fifteen
dollar fee they'll tailor it for you as
well so that's trunk club comm slash ben
alrighty so when Donald Trump wins last
night in what is easily easily the
biggest election shocker
in the history of the nation it is by
far the biggest election shopper in the
history of the nation this would make
the fifth time in American presidential
history somebody loses the popular vote
but wins the electoral college it
happened in 1824 it happened in 1876 it
happened in 1888 and it happened in 2000
with george w bush and then it happened
again last night
it is interesting not a lot of
discussion about the popular vote versus
the electoral college because hillary
was so widely expected to win and
underperformed trump got up and gave a
victory speech and i think that there
there are a few things that are that are
that we're going to analyze as we
continue on the show in just a minute
we're going to analyze some of the
lessons from this whether the lessons
are right or wrong as i say what kind of
president is trump actually going to be
we're going to try and read some tea
leaves on that because we're going to
have to see which support base he
decides to cater to we're going to talk
about the the absolutely delicious media
reaction because the media just oh my
goodness gracious they lost their ever
loving minds and it was quite beautiful
and we'll talk about also some stuff i
like and stuff i hate but in order to
get all that you have to go over to
daily wire calm and subscribe $8 a month
will bring you to daily wire calm then
you can be part of the first of all you
get our why our site free of ads if you
get if you get the subscription at daily
wire calm if you get an annual
subscription then you get my book sign
my new book true allegiance sign which
is exciting for you because absolutely
it's a keepsake that you'll want to hand
down to your grandchildren plus you got
to be part of the mailbag in a couple
days to get clav in the show and we're
adding new goodies all the time at daily
wire.com so go ahead and check that out
we are the largest conservative podcast
in the nation
you
