well tomorrow at last this divisive
election will come to an end we'll be
able to put our political differences
aside and come together an agreement on
the fact that we hate one another more
than we can possibly express because
whether you're a Democrat or a
Republican in this country there's one
thing that unites us all somewhere
there's a politician who can transform
our hopes and dreams into slogans and
broken promises in order to gain power
over us so today as we behold the
majestic spectacle of American democracy
degenerating into open civil war I'd
like to examine the effect this election
season has had on ordinary Americans by
taking a close-up look at one family
united in blood but divided by politics
meet the Smiths from your town my town
any town USA Pop Smith is a Donald Trump
supporter he used to work in the factory
hereabouts until the trade deal with
Mexico caused him to drink so heavily
that he lost his job things only got
worse for pop when the Chinese started
to manipulate currency and also put
something in his beer that made it react
badly to his prescription medicines and
technically they weren't his
prescription medicines but someone had a
prescription for them and mixed with
beer there nearly made pop comatose and
the Chinese were probably behind it
today pop is proudly wearing a red
baseball cap bearing the words make
America great again and lying dead on
the kitchen floor in a pool of blood
that is leaked out of multiple butcher
knife wounds to his torso which brings
us to mom Smith who not only supports
Hillary Clinton but is still holding the
bloody butcher knife and cursing the pop
even though pop is way past hearing her
mom is sick and tired of women being
held down by a glass ceiling and two
bouncers who think she can't hold her
liquor as well as any man she feels it's
time to think of her children what's her
name and whose it's for upstairs
screaming like banshees because they
don't have nice things like children
whose parents work for a living it takes
a woman to do something about that and
if those two don't shut up mom is going
to be the one to do it
mom says she's voting for Hillary
because Donald Trump doesn't like
Mexicans where she's always found a
decent Mexican Italy pick up the tab at
closing time but actually drive you home
in the morning assuming he can get his
truck to start
mom feels Trump's sexual abuse and
bigotry just isn't who we are as a
nation it's only who we are as
individuals and Hillary Clinton has
shown women how to take control of their
own lives without taking any
responsibility for their actions and
isn't that what women are all about as
for the kids
Billy insists not their real names or
genders though who am I to judge they
just wanted governments strong enough
and decent enough to send patrol to send
a patrol car to their house before mom
comes upstairs
trigger warning I'm Andrew - this is the
Andrew Clavin show
hooray Your Honor Clavin last weekend
has come to an end and anything
happening this week
oh yeah the election I forgot all about
that so we're looking at the polls we're
gonna talk about Doctor Strange which we
all saw yes and we're going to discuss
comic book movies in general the
superhero movies in general but first
we've got to talk about the election
where we stand the O if you notice our
set is a little different today because
it's all been rearranged for our
fantastical left trend coverage where
Ben and I are going to drink ourselves
into complete in comprehensibility and
then mutter obscene things until it's
all over and we're card at home so that
should be interesting evening I'm really
looking forward to that and I've already
begun the drinking in preparation so
that should that should affect the show
so where do things stand as Trump still
have a chance to win well interestingly
enough the two people whose polling I
respect most both say yeah you know here
is Nate Silver who runs 538 looking very
much like Nate Silver as a pollster I
had never seen him before but he looks
exactly like the guy who would sit
around studying each of these polls he's
talking to Clinton hack George
Stephanopoulos it's not over as we call
him suck enough Willis and telling where
he thinks the race stands so we show
about a three point lead nationally for
Clinton and she's about a two-to-one
favorite the electoral college math is
actually less solid for Clinton than it
was for Obama four years ago were four
years ago we had Obama I in states
totaling three hundred and twenty some
electoral votes Clinton has about 270 s
so she's one state away from potentially
losing electoral college you'd rather be
in her shoes than Donald Trump's but
it's not a terribly safe position II
give her about a sixty five point seven
about chance to it to win I this is the
question I want to get to though because
you say she has in cording to your
polling analysis about a three point
lead that was about where President
Obama was the Sunday before the election
four years ago yet and I want to put
this up on the board right now at that
time you show
he had an 85 point one percent chance of
winning so so why the contrast right
there
so Clinton's a lot weaker in the Midwest
where four years ago President Obama was
leading in Ohio by four points Clinton's
probably a couple of points behind there
Iowa may be the best pole in the country
the Des Moines Register poll showed her
down seven points in Iowa a state shall
probably lose so the demographics of
Clinton don't actually work as well and
you underperform among white non college
voters that's a good even though the
national polling is about the same even
though so but it's contesting the
Electoral College in her electoral
college polling and the swing states is
a little bit weaker than Obama's the the
interesting thing about Obama is
remember there's this margin of error if
the margin of error is say just say 2%
that really means is 4% because it's 2%
either way and Obama did better in the
actual election by the margin of error
he went up 3% in the margin of error so
what silver saying is if that works the
other way around which is very possibly
could
trumple win and here is Henry Olson who
is my favorite election watcher he is we
had him on the show once really a
brilliant guy he has spoken so
passionately about what the Republican
Party needed to do to make itself a
mainstream party again the Republican
Party did not listen to Henry Olson and
that is how we got Trump because Trump
was appealing to exactly the people
Olson said we had to appeal to here's
what he says in today's National Review
a friend of mine just sent this to me
about a minute ago so I've only had a
chance to go over it it says most
national polls suggest that the race is
over with Clinton headed to a firm win
of course that's the mainstream media
telling all Trump voters to stay home
and you know if you can't hate if you
can't trust the mainstream media who can
you trust right but says Henry Olson I
disagree I think it is likelier that she
will win which is what Nate Silver said
but she will do so very narrowly in both
the electoral college and in the popular
vote it won't take much improvement over
my final projections for Trump to pull
this out narrowly and I think it is
likely or that he wins that then that
Clinton wins by three or more so he's
saying it is it's going to be a
nail-biter that's basically what he's
saying and he goes on to talk about the
fact
that the people who are undecided and
third party are largely people who would
vote Republican they're largely people
who are in the Republican camp and and
people tend to come home at the last
minute that's what they tend to do the
undersides it's tend to come home and
the people who say have told pollsters
they're gonna be third party intended to
come home so he thinks the Trump has
some momentum here and it could and and
could take it out he also goes on to say
that he thinks the Senate the
Republicans will hold the Senate
narrowly 51 to 49 with obviously King
and Sanders polling with the caucusing
with the Democrats and he thinks they
will hold on to the house which most
people think with the Republicans losing
maybe about 10 seats but still keeping
their majority so that's Henry Olson so
both Henry Olson and Nate silver are
saying this thing is not over and it's
we can tell this by the way people are
reacting and that's what I'm gonna talk
about today is that this is a revelatory
moment when things when things get tight
when things get tense people start to
behave like themselves like them real
their real self it's really easy to stay
cool and calm when things are cool and
calm but when things are getting tense
is they're getting tense now people
reveal themselves so first we have James
Comey that's the big story James Comey
remember he had gone to Congress and he
had said oh we got new Clinton emails on
Anthony Weiner's computer and on Huma
Abedin computer so we're gonna have to
reopen the investigation
now he's just made this statement if
Comey is not damaged the reputation of
the FBI by his leadership I have to say
the FBI has two good reputation because
really really we said we talked about
this last week as I was going off that
really what I think has happened is a
civil war has broken out between the
field agents and and you know this is
true in the press a little bit to accept
the press the reporters have not had a
civil war but the field agents they want
to do their job they're cops cops wanna
bust bad guys they don't care who the
bad guy is if the they agree with the
bad guy he's still a bad guy if they
disagree with the bad guy he's a bad guy
they just want to know who's breaking
the law that's what field agents do
there's obviously a war between the
field agents and the higher-ups
including Comey who are either under the
gun from a corrupt Justice Department
led by the blandly sinister Loretta
Lynch or they're colluding with her you
know one of the other so the field
agents are saying and they and they're
leaking and of course you know here's
here's Trump's reaction to the
abandonment of this investigation ever
to seek the office of the presidency of
the United States the investigations
into her crimes will go on for a long
long time the rank and file special
agents at the FBI won't let her get away
with her terrible crimes including the
deletion of 33,000 emails after
receiving a congressional subpoena they
forget about all of this right now she
is being protected by a rig system it's
a totally rigged system I've been saying
it for a long time
you can't review 650,000 new emails in
eight days you can't do it folks
Hillary Clinton is guilty she knows it
the FBI knows it the people know it and
now it's up to the American people to
deliver justice at the ballot box on
November 8th so that's what Trump should
be doing I mean he gotta admit the Trump
in these last weeks has been the
candidate if he had been this candidate
all along he would be up in the polls by
5% at least you know I mean I think that
this is the candidate the guy who
doesn't go off on personal attacks who
doesn't get you know boorish and start
talking about you know start fights
still fighting with Republicans over
things they said about him this is the
guy he's saying you don't like what the
FBI is doing and who at this point could
like what the FBI is doing then convict
convict her at the polls it's a good
message John Podesta had his own message
for the FBI John Podesta who of course
has been exposed as a machine a typical
Democrat machine Paul and all the
WikiLeaks emails here he is responding
to Comey Tim Kaine yesterday in an
interview said people within the FBI are
actively working to try to help the
Trump campaign do you believe the entire
FBI announcement has both been a benefit
to the Trump campaign and that there are
forces in the FBI that are actively
working against your candidacy look I
think what mr. Comey did you know just
nine days ago was a mistake I think it
broke with precedent I think it was
criticized roundly by Democrats and
Republicans including for I'm sorry two
former Deputy Attorney General's who
served with him in the bush
administration I think it was a mistake
I think what that should lead to
resignation it's not mistake bitching
I've never questioned his motivation
I've just said it was a mistake it broke
with precedent there's a reason for that
policy it looked like that what that it
was interfering in the election I think
the leaks that have been ongoing which
was what Tim was referring to you know
is worrisome but I you know I I think
the men and women of the FBI are doing a
tremendous job out here across the
country but the leaker should shut up
the leaker should shut up you know and
that's that would be that would be okay
I would say yes the leaker should shut
up there's no way the FBI FBI agent
should be talking to the public about an
ongoing investigation on the sly but
they kept their peace for so long I have
to believe that they've just had it you
know they just have had it with being
suppressed from the top down and when
you're suppressed from the top down you
know when you do it against the
Democrats you're a leaker when you do it
against the Republicans you're a
whistleblower
so these guys are whistleblowers they
are trying to blow the whistle on what
is happening in the FBI and how Hillary
Clinton is getting a pass and how this
investigation has indeed to borrow the
phrase of our fearless leader mr. Trump
that has indeed been rigged and that so
you you know you it's okay to tell the
leakers to shut up if things are
operating well but in fact if they're
not operating well if they're being
suppressed then they they're gonna leak
leak who's gonna leak because they got
to blow the whistle now the other story
about Podesta do we have time to do this
before we leave yeah I think we'll take
both onto it the other story about that
that's that I love the story is in the
WikiLeaks is a
and email now let me just get it
straight because I there's a lot of
crazy stuff about this on the internet
here's the story a performance artist
marina M Brahma Vick wrote to bestest
brother Tony and said oh are you coming
to the spirit cooking dinner I'm looking
forward to this spirit cooking dinner
and is your brother John gonna come
along
Tony forwards this to Podesta's email
which is how WikiLeaks hacks it and set
and addresses Podesta's wife Mary saying
you're gonna come are you gonna come to
this spirit cooking thing so what a
spirit cooking here is that you're if
you're watching you can see marina and
Brahma Vick doing her spirit cooking
performance art this is a performance
work called spirit cooking and it has to
do with using bodily fluids like breast
milk and semen and cooking them and and
somehow this is supposed to raise
spirits and it's been linked to Satanism
on the internet I didn't find any
evidence that it actually is linked to
Satanism it just sounds like some kind
of weird thing I believe what she's
doing in this picture is painting with
pig's blood so Podesta says well it
doesn't matter what she was doing
because I didn't go to this dinner but
the daily wire has obtained we have
obtained secret footage of Podesta at
this dinner so here it is okay that's
disturbing I'm not sure we should trust
these people with it I don't know what
it is just something unnerving all right
we got to talk more about this but we've
got to say goodbye to our friends on
Facebook and YouTube come over to the
Daily wire and you can hear the rest but
if you would just subscribe you could
see it all you wouldn't have to bounce
around like this like some kind of
nomadic no one without a home without a
family without a life subscribe to the
daily walk
you
