today we'd like to welcome a new sponsor
to the Andrew Clavin show the Clinton
Foundation when you look around at the
troubles of the world do you ever wish
you could do something to relieve the
suffering of the poor bring an end to
violent conflicts and ensure important
food and medicines get to those who are
in need well get over it and instead
give your money to the Clinton
Foundation where you can increase the
Clinton's personal wealth in return for
government favors with just a small
tax-deductible donation of 1 million
dollars you'll receive an attractive
Clinton Foundation tote bag plus an
invasion of any island nation of your
choice is there some offshore tax
shelter where a gang of freedom-loving
rebels is threatening to cut you off
from your hard-earned savings
well the next time you carry that
attractive bag to Zabar's to buy your
artisanal bread all your friends will
know that you have the patriotism to
support our armed forces as they risk
their lives to keep that island's
financial institutions free to serve
people like yourself for a
tax-deductible donation of two million
dollars you get the tote bag an original
cast recording of hamilton plus hillary
clinton will stand in the rubble of an
impoverished nation wracked by
earthquakes and famine and shake her
head sympathetically while pocketing
your money to further her search for
power
what a feeling of satisfaction you'll
have as you look at the starving
children of a place like Haiti and know
that your dollars are hard at work
helping Hilary satisfy her maddeningly
compulsive lust for high office next
time your heartstrings are touched by
the story of a woman who endured the
humiliation of her husband's infidelity
only to endure the humiliation of being
defeated in a presidential primary by an
unqualified upstart only to endure the
humiliation of struggling to keep a lead
over an outrageous candidate like Donald
Trump you'll be able to say yes the
children of Haiti are still starving but
at least Hillary feels better about
herself and isn't that what really
matters so you may say well that's great
but what do I get for three million
dollars I'm glad you asked for three
million dollars you get the tote bag the
original cast recording of Hamilton plus
two tickets to the Kennedy Center's
annual celebration of American artists
who've given money to Democrats not only
that but you'll also get to hear Hillary
Clinton
her a speech about helping the little
guy even while she passes regulations
that make it almost impossible for the
little guy to challenge your entrenched
corporate interests why pay your
corporate attorneys for nothing when you
can pay them to cut the red tape that
you lobby to have put in place in order
to destroy any competition who can't
afford your lawyers finally for a
donation of five million dollars you get
the tote bag the album the Kennedy
Center tickets and we'll kill the guy
who's sleeping with your wife the
Clinton Foundation where your money
makes government work for you trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
Wow this week flew by I think it was
cause of Halloween and everything you
just like went right by we're going into
the last Clavin last weekend before the
election anything anything can happen I
got to say we have an amazing interview
what I hope will be an amazing interview
with a really fascinating guy who is
going to tell you a story you have not
heard here in America but it is a story
about a warning about what could could
be happening here so you want to stay
tuned for that but you got to be at the
Daily wire if you're looking on if
you're watching on Facebook or on
YouTube we're gonna cut you off
ruthlessly at the 15-minute mark and
that's and the interview will come on
after that if you subscribe you know you
could watch the whole thing of the daily
wire but don't let me steal your i'll
see eight bucks
speaking of lousy amounts of money my
memoir the great good thing a secular
Jew comes to faith in Christ is on a
book sale for $2.99
and people are really reacting strongly
to the book you can see the reviews on
Amazon but it's only $2.99 for a limited
time only great world series great great
postseason all together Austin we have
to congratulate Austin Stevens our
engineer he's got the cub hat and the
kite he's an actual Chicago person so we
allow him to wear his cub t-shirt to
work today that it was amazing and I
have to say I'm a Yankees fan from way
back and what happens to me is when I'm
out in California I can't really watch
the Yankees games because they're on the
odd time so I kind of lose interest I
lose track of baseball a little bit so I
wasn't really rooting for anybody but I
have to say I was sitting there I was
rooting for Ernie Banks Ernie Banks I
think is I can't think of anybody who
even comes close to being the greatest
player who never played in a World
Series and he only died like last year I
think Ernie Banks he was mr. cub one of
the great players one of the great
personalities so I'm sure he was
watching no I'm not sure heaven can get
better but I think it would have been a
nice nice day and he caused the rain
delays to let that's good that that is
going to go down in baseball history
that rain delay notices anyway it's all
2016 folks and 2016 is just getting 2016
year
every single day that some the latest
news this is incredible the FBI I think
is now in open revolt I think I think
these field agents these like these are
tough g-men you know in like a lot of
times we talk about all the corruption
in government and all the bad guys who
were at the top of government but there
are a lot of good people in government
and what I think is happening now is
they have just added I think these guys
these Humphrey Bogart guys were on the
street level or looking up at the this
corrupt Justice Department and saying
hey you know we investigate corruption
for a living you can't stop us so Fox
News breaks the story I'm gonna let them
tell it because it's their exclusive
story Bret Baier had this to say this is
opening yeah breaking news tonight two
separate sources with intimate knowledge
of the FBI investigations into the
Clinton emails and the Clinton
Foundation tell Fox the following the
investigation into the Clinton
Foundation looking into possible
pay-for-play interaction between
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and
the foundation has been going on for
more than a year led by the white-collar
crime division public corruption branch
of the Criminal Investigative Division
of the FBI the Clinton Foundation
investigation is a quote very high
priority agents have interviewed and re
interviewed multiple people about the
foundation case and even before the
WikiLeaks dumps these sources said
agents had collected a great deal of
evidence pressed on that one source said
quote a lot of it and there is an
avalanche of new information coming in
every day some of it from WikiLeaks some
from new emails the agents are actively
and aggressively pursuing this case and
they will be going back and interviewing
the same people again some for the third
time as a result of the limited immunity
deals to a number of top aides including
Cheryl Mills and Heather Samuelson the
Justice Department had tentatively
agreed that the FBI would destroy those
laptops after a narrow review we are
told definitively that has not happened
and those devices are currently in the
FBI field office here in Washington DC
and are being exploited so those of you
who have been listening to the show knew
this was coming right because this show
the show is like listening to the future
it's like that it's like that thing what
is frequency that movie frequency where
you call up and you're hearing the pass
in the future we've been telling you for
probably a year that the real story here
is not the classified documents because
accidentally exposing the classified
documents which would get you and me put
in jail is not enough to put somebody as
powerful and entrenched as Hillary
Clinton in jail James Comey was
basically telling the truth when he said
we can't nail her on this I think that
was right yes we all we all looked at
that and said wait she broke the law we
can read what the law says and she broke
it but you just can't get somebody that
powerful on something that obscure
because she didn't go to the Russians
and say here's our nuclear secrets you
know pay me for them but
influence-peddling
taking money taking donations and then
doing favors for people that's different
and that's the story that the FBI on the
ground level has been trying to
investigate and the Wall Street Journal
today has also broken a story because
what's happening now is these guys have
had it and they're talking to
journalists behind the scenes The Wall
Street Journal broke a story on their
front page today basically saying that
these field agents have been fighting
the smothering influence of our blandly
sinister Attorney General Loretta Lynch
who basically keeps trying to shut this
down
but can't quite come out you know they
can't quite come out and say shut the
investigation down and so the article
ends with one of the field agents saying
to the Justice Department are you
telling me to shut this down and the you
know them saying no you know yeah that's
I think yeah so they're investigating
this influence-peddling
even though the Justice Department keeps
saying there's no there-there threat
later on on Fox Bret Baier when talked
to Brittany Britton Bret the two last TV
journalists in America it's like
watching it's like watching the island
of lost TV journalist this is what he
said this is stunning two sources say it
has not been easy they have not it has
not been a smooth process they believe
that they are moving forward effectively
now but there has been some angst about
attorney general Loretta Lynch and what
she has done were knocked on she
obviously did not impanel or go to a
grand jury from at the beginning they
also have a problem these sources do
with what President Obama said today and
back in October
of 20 feet were gonna get to that later
on and that he downplayed it and today
he said something that suggests that
he's changed his tune a bit about about
director Comey this does not sound like
something that's going to be completed
anytime soon which suggests that if
Hillary Clinton is elected she will take
office with not one but two serious
investigations of her past conduct
hanging over definitely and I pressed
again and again on this very issue and
these sources said yes the
investigations will continue there's a
lot of evidence and barring some
obstruction in some way they believe
they'll continue to likely an indictment
Wow Wow is Right likely this is like
we're gonna get a pre impeached
president yeah they come pre and Peach
and you know it's gonna be a real issue
because the house likely stays with the
Republicans and that's where the
impeachment process starts you get tried
the impeachment is just like an
indictment you get tried in the Senate
and there's no way they're gonna have
but it takes two-thirds of the Senate to
convict so there's just no way that's
gonna happen they're not even sure the
Republicans will keep the Senate on the
other hand on the other hand it is
possible that the evidence piles up to
the point where these guys have to go
back to their state and they can't go
back to their state you know and say
we're just so corrupt we're gonna keep
the press employees you know it does
happen I mean that's what happened to
Nixon and of course the Republicans have
integrity you know it's not a lot but we
have some integrity I mean as we as we
see from the fact as we see from the
fact that we are disturbed by Donald
Trump you know in all the things that
he's done that don't fit in with what we
think a president should be like we are
disturbed by them Democrats so help me
they look at Hillary Clinton and it's
like you know she's another Democrat she
is and she's just another Democrat these
guys machine politics corruption is the
Democratic way so they were talking
about you heard Bretton Britt I just
loved like watching them really is like
oh there's the island of lost TV
journalists you guys and they have the
same name you know it's like very
strange can that be mere coincidence I
don't think so but they were talking
about Obama throw now throwing Co me
under the bus let's just go back in time
for a day and see what Josh earnest the
president's spokesman said about Comey
a couple of days ago the president's
assessment of his integrity and his
character has not changed for example
the president doesn't believe that
director Comey is intentionally trying
to influence the outcome of an election
the president doesn't believe that he's
secretly strategizing to benefit one
candidate or one political party he's in
a tough spot that was then like 48 hours
ago that was then this is now now Obama
is suddenly you know Obama says says
outright that he has tried to make sure
not to give the appearance you have to
listen to what Obama says because he's
very he really speaks very precisely in
some ways he says he's trying not to
give the appearance of getting in the
way of the investigation he didn't say
he tried not to get in the way of the
investigation he just tried to said he
tried not to give the appearance but now
he changes his tune a little bit I do
think that there is a norm that you know
when their investigations we don't
operate on innuendo we don't operate on
incomplete information we don't operate
on leaks we operate based on concrete
decisions that are made when this was
investigated thoroughly the last time
the conclusion of the FBI the conclusion
of the Justice Department they include
conclusion of repeated congressional
investigations was that you know she had
made some mistakes but that there wasn't
anything there that was you know
prosecutable so he's not quite throwing
Co me under the bus but you know he's
talking about innuendo I mean there this
is not innuendo just to give the
president is do hear these leaks are
disturbing in the sense that you don't
want the FBI leaking incomplete
investigations leaking information about
incomplete investigations unless it's
the only way they can get it out and I'm
sure that's what's happening why is it
suddenly you know bare and the vent Fox
and Wall Street Journal weren't getting
these stories before they were not
getting this kind of inside information
before
even Catherine Herridge who's one of the
better that's shouldn't leave her out of
the great reporters who were still on TV
you know they they didn't have the
sources up till now to say these things
these guys have had it they have had it
and so when you know when Obama says
well we don't want to have leaks and
innuendo yeah sure unless that's the
only way they can get the information
out and just I think we're gonna we're
gonna go to the break for a minute but
before we do I just want to show Donald
Trump who obviously knows he's fallen
into hog heaven here what he's reacting
to this because he's staying very much
on message just listen to this in six
days we are going to win the great state
of Florida and we are going to win the
white house gonna win it it's feeling
like it already isn't it just we've got
to be nice and cool
nice and cool alright stay on point
Donald stay on boy
no sidetracks Donald nice and easy nice
because I've been watching Hillary the
last few days she's totally on a hinge
so we don't want any of it he's talking
to himself that Donald is talking to
don't mention the beauty queen Donna
don't talk about that don't talk about
you know the Ted Cruz killing Kennedy he
has to tell himself all right we got to
say goodbye to our friends on Facebook
and YouTube but come on over the Daily
wire and here the rest we're trying to
hook up this interview and when we do we
will get right to that
