reaction continues to come in over a new
spate of Clinton emails recently
discovered by the FBI the feds stumbled
on the emails during an investigation
into former Congressman Anthony Weiner
Weiner was suspected of texting pictures
of his sex organs to a fifteen-year-old
girl after the girl asked her doctor for
a lobotomy to have the images surgically
removed from her mind Weiner said he was
enthusiastic about an FBI probe until he
found out probe just meant investigation
the FBI seized the computers of weiner
and Hillary Clinton's aid Huma Abedin
miss Abaddon made an angry statement to
the press saying quote these law
enforcement infidels are unfair to
anyone who is a presidential candidates
lesbian lover with ties to the Muslim
Brotherhood I'm not saying me
necessarily but just if someone was ever
like that law enforcement would be
unfair to her unquote Hillary Clinton
Clinton spoke angrily before a gathering
of supporters saying quote I demand that
the FBI released these new emails
immediately and that my cronies in the
State Department delay their release so
that I can seem transparent well
actually obstructing justice at the same
time okay now turn on the microphone and
i'll make my public statement unquote
members of the media were also outraged
blithering prevarication the third the
opinion and/or news editor of the New
York Times a former newspaper said quote
when FBI director James Comey called for
Hillary Clinton to remain unindicted
while simultaneously announcing
sufficient grounds for her indictment
after giving her co-conspirators
immunity in return for nothing and
barely questioning Hillary herself at
all I believe Comey was an unimpeachable
public servant of immense integrity but
now I see he's a corrupt hack who's
trying to influence an election instead
of doing his job oh wait maybe that's me
I'm all confused unquote Clinton
campaign officials tried to force the
email news off the front page by
dredging up yet another woman to accuse
Donald Trump of molesting her in an
emotional press conference the woman
said quote it's appalling that Donald
Trump should be allowed to get away with
having sex with me just because he's a
rich celebrity who gave me jewels and
money and got my pictures in the papers
and now doesn't even call me unquote
campaign officials later admitted they
might be scraping the bottom of the
molestation barrel as for Trump himself
upon hearing of the new emails
mediately sent out a tweet saying quote
alicia machado really was much too fat
plus she's hispanic so she was like a
fat hispanic made hashtag emails unquote
as for my own reaction i think there's a
moral here for all of us never send
explicit sexual material to an underage
girl if you're married to a presidential
candidates radical Islamists lesbian
lover who's computer holds evidence that
the candidate exposed state secrets in
order to hide the fact she was peddling
influence at the highest levels of
government if you're a Republican that
could get you sent to prison for life if
you're a Democrat it could make you the
multi-millionaire leader of the free
world so don't do it unless you're a
Democrat trigger warning I'm Andrew
Klavan and this is the Andrew Clavin
show so we need also sing shaped it see
top see the world as if it easing it's
so wonderful
it does make me want to sing as it is
but thank heavens I'll resist the urge
oh we vanilla bean ha ha halloween
halloween Clavin oh I'm actually I
actually came in costume as a woman who
identifies as a man that was my that's
just too much of a customer's I'm gonna
wear all right we're gonna be asking the
philosophical questions today if Hillary
Clinton has a Clavin this weekend does
that mean it's not Clavin dless for the
rest of us is that I don't know that's
right but first but first the daily wire
not not wanting to leave entertainment
off you know we try to deal with
politics but we have to have
entertainment we've produced our own
halloween movie to show to terrify you
this season announcing the commencement
of the annual purge government and
emergency services will be suspended for
12 hours all prime is legal
hurry up boys we only have 12 hours
before the government shuts this project
down hahaha let's Gilly de NOC no time
rig 14 B section 2 49 Q is only
suspended announcing the please
suspended for 12 hours but anything I
mean we can do anything murder sorry son
12 small businesses to start after this
plus it's the only day of the year I can
smoke a cigarette in the bar got an open
a lemonade stand with my kid I'm gonna
ride a bike without a helmet will see
it's very funny I did I did like the
idea of killing Ethan Hawke but I guess
I get stuck you to business is good too
all right before we're going to get to
our cultural segment with the much
beloved Michael Knowles we have we even
have some fan mail it was written to me
which you won't believe but we're gonna
get to that in a little while first we
have to deal with james comey oh the
evil Jame evil terrible saint or saintly
J Mike am so confused as he is Saint
dizzy and evildoer I don't know anymore
so he found some more emails right look
let me just I just want to go back for a
moment and when we go back in time the
2013 do you remember Marco Rubio gave
the official Republican response to the
Obama's State of the Union address and
in the middle of this response he took a
sip of water okay here's a compilation
of the media reaction to his sip of
water can a drink of water make or break
a political career a u.s. senator
possible presidential candidate where to
find out these things happen when you
don't really know what you're saying or
believe what you're saying the florida
senator certainly felt the heat and
couldn't help but swallow his own pride
as he turned water into wine ngmoco
rubios watergate moment it's being
called was an awkward one for both him
and many in the Republican Party to see
him as the GOP savior
being called Rubio's Watergate even zero
dr ste ok so here's here's my question
if a drink of water threatens the career
of a Republican who might be a
presidential candidate what happens when
a former Democrat congressman makes
sexual Twitter advancers to a minor
causing the FBI to seize the computer of
his wife the Democrat presidential
candidates aid and a woman with proven
ties to radical Islam and the said
computers found to contain emails that
potentially exposed classified
information by using a private server to
hide the fact that she was peddling
influenced I'm just asking for a friend
you know I'm no I think it's incredible
the difference by the way not just to be
fair Donald Trump also went after Rubio
during the primaries for the water
drinking when they put Marco on to
refute President Obama's speech do you
remember that catastrophe and he's like
this and we will huh huh I need water
help me I need water help and he's rate
this is that that was old Donald Trump
there went the best thing I can say
about Donald Trump by the way is that he
has learned right he's not that guy he
doesn't do that anymore he's actually
however Donald Trump also said something
else last summer and this is a long clip
but it's worth playing because this is
something he said about the email
scandal and the fact that some of these
emails were going to Huma Abedin so uma
now is one of the people that it all
sort of came through uma who is oma
married to one of the great sleaze bags
of our time Anthony Weiner did you know
that she's married to Anthony Weiner you
know the little thing being been
I love you very much so now think of it
so oma is getting classified secrets
she's married to anthony weiner who's a
perv oh yes he is
so she's married now these are
confidential documents she's married to
this guy who's and guess what happens to
anthony weiner a month ago I see he went
to work for a public relations firm you
believe it now if you think that uma
isn't telling Anthony who she's probably
desperately in love with in all fairness
to Anthony because why else would she
marry this guy can you believe it can't
see straight but if you would look think
of it so Alma's god it's coming through
almost she's got a lot of stuff a lot of
information who knows so she's married
to a bad guy I know Anthony win it for a
long time I knew before they caught him
with that being Bing Bing right and he
was a bad guy then it turned out that he
was a really bad guy so she's married to
Anthony Weiner do you think there's even
a five percent chance that she's not
telling Anthony Weiner now of a public
relations firm what the hell is coming
across I kind of Miss that Donald Trump
you know Bing Bing Bing boop boop about
that I miss him you know making fun of
me making faces and all that stuff now
he reads off the thing with it you know
he looks like he's on xanax and he's
reading off the teleprompter Knowles so
lo and behold just as Trump's tratamos
predicted right just as he predicted
they go into fight their they after
Anthony Weiner for sexting a minor it's
really is sleazy how stupid do you know
that's like that's like stop me before I
sext more you know like it obviously
wants to get caught a guy is doing that
so he so they come in to investigate
that and they find 650,000 emails on
these computers that they seized from
this family now they're Abaddon and
weiner now estranged Huma said she's
going to divorce him so they're they're
apart but still they seize the emails
now they've gotten warrants to search
these other emails and they do contain
some emails from Hillary Clinton but
they don't know he hasn't said anything
about what's on them there's some
speculation that he wouldn't have gone
to all this trouble if if he didn't
think there was something really in
there but I I don't know about that
because he
told Congress he told Congress that this
was over you know that he had done
everything he'd seen all the emails he'd
gone through everything so he kind of
had to say you know no we're now
reinvestigating he could not say that
whether whatever anybody thinks whether
he's covering his bat but or whatever
you know he had he basically had to say
that her get I don't know if it would be
perjury but it would certainly be look
very very bad for him alright and we'll
get back to comee in a minute but first
I love now remember remember Clavin
second rule of mainstream media
journalism right when there is a scandal
when there is a scandal on the right the
news is the scandal when there was a
scandal on the left the news is who got
the information and how is it obtained
so when there's a scandal on the left
it's 0 the Russians the Russians you
know Oh James Comey James Comey you know
this is the this is what happens on the
left if it's a scandal on the right side
never mind all that let's get down to
brass tacks let's get down to the
information that's in here so Hillary
Clinton comes out with her statement
this is her reading her prepared
statement oh you're a liar you're just a
liar you always were a way to me that
was that was actually Hillary Clinton in
whatever happened to Baby Jane I forgot
that whatever happened to Baby I'll
here's her statement we are 11 days out
from perhaps the most important national
election of our lifetimes voting is
already underway in our country so the
American people deserve to get the full
and complete facts immediately the
director himself has said he doesn't
know whether the emails referenced in
his letter are significant or not I'm
confident whatever they are will not
change the conclusion reached in July
therefore it's imperative that the
bureau explained this issue in question
whatever it is without any delay so I
look forward to moving forward to focus
on the important challenges facing the
American people winning on november
eighth and working with all Americans to
build a better future for our country
thank you so I not numerous
I don't know you call them lies that
woman cannot open her mouth even with a
prepared statement without saying
something that's inherently dishonest
calling them them through a late release
these emails is inherently dishonest
because they can't they can't do it they
have to look at them they have to get
they've gotten the warrant now I think
that just happened but you know they
when you go in and search for something
and you find something that's not on the
warrant you didn't have to get a warrant
to search those so she knows these
things can't be released right away plus
her State Department working on her
behalf as we know from WikiLeaks working
on her behalf and in concert with the
President of the United States and
concert with the White House has been
obstructing all this information all
this time so this sudden concern that
everything come out you know and be
released is absolute nonsense plus she
repeatedly said she repeatedly said that
this letter was sent only to Republicans
which just wasn't true was sent to both
Republicans and Democrats I got to say
goodbye to facebook already right oh man
we got some good stuff coming up so
don't go away come on over to the daily
wire Facebook and YouTube come on over
to the daily wire and hear the rest and
then subscribe so you don't have to go
through this incredible agony every time
we get together subscribe
