you talk in the book about the idea that
we have actually created an addiction to
the feeling that we get the sort of
emotional high that we get from ripping
other people down and feeling outraged
and feeling and feels good so can you
describe that first of all and also can
you talk about your background with
addiction that actually allows you to
sort of shape this sure okay so let's
start with the addiction we know I've
talked to programmers and and code
writers for Facebook and Google and
everything else they all will tell you
if they're honest we wrote this with all
the bells and whistles and we looked at
each other and how can we get people to
spend more time with us okay everybody
does that it's not a bad thing it's
Cable News is doing that what do I do to
get you to watch for another five
minutes so the device that we have now
you know Facebook Twitter all of these
things that we have you know the the the
slang word dope comes from dopamine a
hit that is naturally provided to us
that we get that makes us feel good
there's all kinds of these drugs that
are in us that are natural and addictive
and you know when you're when you're not
getting them you start to become
depressed when you are getting you're
feeling good every time you get a like
every time you get a retweet every time
you hear a buzz or a ding you get a
dopamine hit you somebody likes me okay
the entire country used to say these
people in the media all they're do it
they're only doing these things because
they want the clicks still people will
say that but no one is saying what are
you because why are you saying this
you're saying this because you want your
tweet or your Facebook post to take off
as well you're doing it for the clicks
as well and because we keep getting this
constant positive reinforcement of the
negative that we put out call them a
name you'll get more dopamine we become
addicted to those that rush and it feels
good
