so we now know that the Clinton campaign
understood in real time that Hillary
Clinton was lying about her private
email server
according to campaign chairman John
Podesta Hillary lawyer David Kendall
former State Department chief of staff
Cheryl Mills and former senior advisor
filly brains sure weren't forthcoming on
the facts here it's a direct quote one
of Hillary's friends activist Neera tans
in reply quote this is a Cheryl's
special like Cheryl Mills know you love
her but this stuff is like her Achilles
heel or kryptonite she can't say no to
this bleep why didn't they get this
stuff out like 18 months ago so crazy I
guess I know the answer they wanted to
get away with it unquote these are
Hillary's allies tendin rightly pointed
out the Clinton campaign should have
released all the emails immediately if
they wanted to avoid scrutiny but as
always they hid the truth because they
are pathological paranoid liars and the
lies extend all the way up the chain
according to an email from Cheryl Mills
President Obama was lying when he said
in 2015 that he learned about Hillary's
private emails quote the same time
everybody else learned it through news
reports Mills wrote quote we need to
clean this up he has emails from her
they do not say state tag of Obama's
press secretary Josh earnest came out
days after Obama's lies fibbing again
quote the point the president was making
is not he didn't know secretary
Clinton's email address he did but he
wasn't aware of the details of how that
email address and that server had been
set up or how Secretary Clinton and her
team were planning to comply with the
federal Records Act meanwhile ABC News
reports the State Department still
hasn't gotten back to the National
Archives and Records Administration
called Nara
on their request for records from months
ago for emails concerning Hillary tech
aide Bryan Pagliano Nera informed the
State Department on July 18th to explain
why there were no Pagliano emails he was
obligated by law to turn over those
emails three months later nothing zip
nada they've turned over nothing Hillary
Clinton has used the government as her
personal cover-up service for decades
she did it while she was in the White
House with her charlatan husband she did
it at the State Department is there any
doubt she would pervert the executive
branch to her own purposes as presidents
of the United States I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
all righty so we are back from the last
of the Jewish holidays so we should not
have any breaks now between now and the
election which is 13 long endless days
away with time is now moving backwards
as we approach the election because
that's what happens in horror movies you
just feel that that horrible feeling
creep up your neck and the movie seems
to last twice as long as you thought it
would because it's so frightening yes
that is where we now are in this
election cycle 13 days until Armageddon
but before we get to that a positive
note from virtue cold our friends over
at Birch gold if you are afraid of the
apocalypse
they're just afraid that the economy is
overblown that we're due for another
recession that the stock market and real
estate market are overvalued because
they are you might want to give my
friends over at Birch gold group a call
you go to birchgold.com slash ben and
they will inform you how you can shift
your IRA into precious metals if that's
something you're interested in doing
they have an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau and they give a 16-page
a comprehensive kit on how gold and
silver can protect your assets I get in
touch with them in birchgold.com slash
Ben's get that no-cost no-obligation kit
and ask all of your questions before you
invest I always encourage everybody to
do full research before you invest in
anything but part of your portfolio
should be in precious metals as a hedge
against inflation and against and
against instability in the stock market
in real estate market my friends at
Birch gold can help you out
birchgold.com / Ben okay so lots to get
to we will of course get to Newt
Gingrich vs. megyn kelly the only thing
anyone wants to talk about today we'll
get to that in just a second but first
some stories that the mainstream media
obviously don't want to talk about the
first of this is that Obamacare is
absolutely collapsing so in 38 states
across the country the premiums have
risen by a significant amount according
to the Associated Press as much as 25%
in some states it was built to be this
way okay we all know that it was going
to be this way as I mentioned last week
when we talked about Obamacare as rising
premiums Obamacare was built on the
great lie that young people were gonna
pay for insurance they don't need and
that was going to be used to
redistribute the insurance coverage for
older people and to people who couldn't
afford it that was the idea turns out
young people just said screw it I'll pay
the fine and so that's what they've been
doing and it also turns out that the
other part of medica
of Obamacare was that Medicaid would be
expanded in the states sponsored by the
federal government a lot of conservative
states said we're not going to expand
Medicaid because the federal government
is promising to pay it right now but
they won't be paying it in five years
and then we'll end up picking up the tab
for this expensive Medicaid and so a lot
of people are not on insurance and that
means that the insurance companies have
been sort of forced to cover a lot of
people who are in poor health and the
insurance premiums are skyrocketing so
people are not being covered in a lot of
these states plus the insurance premiums
are up so it's the worst of all possible
worlds and this is how it was built to
be Obama cares architect was on TV over
the weekend and over the past few days
and he said that the Obama care premium
increases are gonna be severe this is
Ezekiel Emanuel I believe Jake totally
agree with you there's a million people
for whom this is going to be severe or
uncomfortable and I know for a museum
solutions physique you just cherry-pick
some states let me cherry-pick one of my
own Arizona premiums are gonna jump why
doesn't that 16 but they're gonna jump
116 percent yes and the question is what
were they before and what are they after
and look I think it's a real problem
there we need to get more people in at
116 percent increase we need to get more
people in so now we're gonna do that
we're gonna force people to buy
insurance I love it when Obamacare
advocates say we have all these new
people who are buying insurance right
because you're putting the government
gun to their head and demanding they buy
insurance if I passive law saying
everybody has to buy a car car sales
will go up even if it's a crappy car the
premiums aren't going up dramatically
because part of this and Republicans do
this routine too when they say that we
need insurance companies to cover
pre-existing conditions that's not
insurance coverage that's healthcare
okay I don't buy fire insurance after my
house burns down because no fire
insurance company would sell me an
insurance policy an insurance policy is
just a bet you're betting that your
house won't burn down and they are
betting that you or you're betting the
house will burn down and they're betting
your house won't burn down once you
already have cancer okay you're not
betting anymore that you won't get
cancer
you know they're paying you they're just
if you can't pay in 750 a month or
$1,000 at 1501
and take out $10,000 a month it's not
insurance coverage that's a subsidy in
any case Obamacare is collapsing it was
designed to collapse so naturally
Democrats are
to blame Republicans over all this
Debbie wasserman-schultz the the former
DNC chair who's now been replaced with
the ex Korbel Donna Brazile she says
that it's time to sit with Republicans
jar jar binks of the Democratic Party we
need to sit down together like Hillary
Clinton has said over and over with
Republicans across the table and ironed
out those kinks and that's what we're
committed to do so we can make sure that
we can continue to improve a plan a plan
that has given 20 million people health
insurance and given people like me as a
breast cancer survivor who hasn't lives
with a pre-existing condition the chance
not to worry about being dropped or
denied coverage like we'd like we'd have
to worry about it within them okay first
of all again if you had a pre-existing
condition that's awful but there's a
reason you're paying a higher premium
because your risks are higher just like
any other insurance scheme okay it's
just the way insurance works the idea
that they're gonna put it on Republicans
now we need to work together to correct
the system you take your system and you
shove it I mean we're not interested in
correcting your crappy system your
system should implode and we should get
rid of your system and we should replace
it with something better obviously now
Donald Trump is is campaigning on that's
easy he's now decided that that he's
going to kind of split his time between
not campaigning and campaigning so today
he's over in Washington DC pushing his
Trump hotel at a ribbon-cutting which is
what normal presidential candidates do
I'm informed but he's also tweeting he
has it to his credit he has tweeted in
all capital letters repeal and replace
Obamacare so I guess that's sufficient
for that sort of coverage but Trump is
splitting his his time in this campaign
so he is spending some time hitting
Hillary Clinton he's hitting her about
her her email server as well here's
Donald Trump hitting Hillary about the
new revelations about her email server
and he found out Hillary Clinton was
using a personal email when he saw it on
the news oh that's nice
but Cheryl Mills Clinton's chief of
staff at the State Department replied
quote listen to this we need to clean
this up he has the emails from her they
do not say state.gov they don't say it
in other words mills were saying Obama
he had to know that Hillary was using an
illegal server but he claimed otherwise
so that means
Obama is now into the act
and now I understand that despite his
hatred of the clintons because I know
one thing bill hates him but despite his
hatred now I understand why he pushed
her and that's good Trump and this is
exactly right okay the fact is that that
Obama was complicit in the private email
cover-up there's a report today that the
DOJ the Department of Justice they they
charted the political donations of the
DOJ and it turned out that 97 percent of
all political donations in this cycle
from employees of the DOJ went to
Hillary Clinton you guessed it of course
because that's the way this entire
routine works I mean these are these
corrupt connections have been around the
Clintons there's nothing new for the
Clintons so Republicans have a right to
be upset that that's not being covered
more obviously that doesn't mean that
they're very good at this so now we get
to the story that everybody's talking
about because again you know part of
this is yes the media would prefer to
cover Donald Trump's scandals than
Hillary scandals part of it is that it's
much easier for to wrap your mind around
Donald Trump grabs women by the bleep
than it is to to talk about Cheryl Mills
and Phillip Raines and try to explain
why all these people are and how they're
all connected you have to connect all
the dots and that's a little bit more
complicated the media doesn't want to do
that work to their credit the media is
covering today these new revelations
about Hillary's email server and Cheryl
Mills and John Podesta they are it was
on the front page of The Washington Post
you know take that for what it's worth
but you know we can be frustrated with
we we can we can be frustrated with the
level of media coverage that doesn't
mean that the Trump campaign is doing a
good job with this so from where on this
to me to the stump all the time and all
he was talking about was what we just
saw we'd be looking at a much better
Trump a much more solid Trump a trump
who is looking to win but the real the
reality of the situation now and this is
where we get into telling uncomfortable
truths because that's what we do on the
program and I'll talk about why it's
uncomfortable for so many people in a
minute the uncomfortable truth is that
Donald Trump is not running for
president anymore he's running for the
post presidency civil war so that he can
start his Trump TV routine he is I said
this back in August that this was his
plan that his plan B was that if he
started to lose he knows that's the case
now so he's just throwing red meat to
his base and he's throwing his
surrogates out there to throw red meat
to his base because the stuff that he's
doing now is not conducive to him
winning an election Trump plan a was
when the election Trump plan B was if
you can't win the
and then start stumping for the base
throw the red meat to the base even if
it means I do worse in the election but
I lock up my base to pay me ten bucks a
month at Trump TV then that's what I'll
do and that's the direction that Trump
has been moving over the past several
weeks and and that's certainly been true
in the last 24 hours
as well now a lot of people don't want
to hear that a lot of people when I say
that sort of thing they say well don't
you understand how bad Hillary is that's
a non-sequitur as you know I just spent
15 minutes ripping into Hillary she's
the most corrupt person to run for high
office in my lifetime Hillary Clinton is
an abomination she's gonna be a terrible
president she's gonna corrupt the
executive branch okay but that's a
non-sequitur Donald Trump doesn't want
to win the comeback is not Hillary's
awful I know Hillary's awful I'm not
even making the case right now you
shouldn't vote for Trump I'm just
pointing out to you so you don't get
suckered that if Donald Trump loses
Donald Trump loses because of Donald
Trump Donald Trump loses because he
doesn't he's not interested in winning
anymore
he cares less about winning than you do
he cares less about stopping Hillary
Clinton than you do he is only
interested in one thing right now and
that is fighting with his own party and
fighting with the media said he can get
people to buy into his brand after he
loses badly if he didn't care about
those things if he really wanted to win
he'd be focusing on his ground game he
wouldn't have shut down his major
fundraisers with the RNC which is what
he's done he has no ground game in any
of the major states now all that is is
an indicator that the Trump campaign is
not interested in winning the Trump
campaign is interested in the civil war
that comes after that begins November
9th and the reason I'm talking about
that right now the reason it's important
to talk about that right now before the
election is because otherwise what's
gonna happen is Trump is gonna lie all
the way up to the election that this is
close his people are gonna go out there
and tell you that it's really really
close if only Trump hadn't been stabbed
in the back
and people are gonna be shocked they're
gonna be in despair November 9th and I
think two things one you shouldn't be in
despair November 9th the battle isn't
over you can lose the battle and still
win the war and I'll explain what I mean
by that in a second and point number two
if you're so shocked that Trump lost
you're more likely to fall into his next
con which is I lost because I was
backstabbed you shouldn't be you
shouldn't be he was a bad candidate he's
run a bad campaign he's continuing to
run a bad campaign right now now the
reason by the way I said the battle
could be lost but the war isn't as
Hillary Clinton will be a deeply
unpopular president there's likely to be
a recession on her watch there's a
recession
country every eight to ten years that
means the last one was in 2007-2008 it
is now 2016 good shot that the economy
which is inflated by the Fed tanks under
Hillary Clinton's watch in off your
elections demo that the incumbent party
does very poorly so there's good shot
that in four years Republicans come back
too bad for years but Republicans come
back and do something decent in four
years if they don't go to war the danger
here is that trump sends them to war
okay all of that is lead up to this clip
of Newt Gingrich with megyn kelly last
night because when it comes to Newt
Gingrich versus megyn kelly you have to
understand something you can agree with
Newt Gingrich but this exchange wins
Newt Gingrich zero points with the
voters who matter
okay wins him subscribers to new Trump
TV but it doesn't do anything for the
actual election nobody watches this
exchange and then they say you know what
now I'm voting Trump so here's the
exchange between Gingrich and Kelly that
made all sorts of headlines last night
there's a sexual predator that is a
sexual people like you using language
that's inflammatory that's not true
excuse me mr. Zanger Donald okay no idea
whether it's true or not what we know is
that there are these do you that's right
and I'm not taking a position on it yes
you are when you use the words you took
a position to do that I think that is
exactly the bias people are upset by the
tapes of your show recently you are
fascinated with sex and you don't care
about public policy now that's what I
get out of watching you tonight there's
I want to hear your words Bill Clinton's
sexual predator I dare you say Bill
Clinton's sexual predator mr. speaker
inspired by the is our bar the disbarred
but Arkansas bar eight hundred and fifty
thousand dollar penalty excuse me sir we
on the Kelly file have covered the
Clinton matter as well we've hosted
Kathleen Willey
we've covered the examples of him being
accused as well but he's not on the
ticket and the polls also show that the
American public is less interested in
the deeds
okay so I'll give you the full analysis
of this in just a second first we have
to say hello to our friends over at
ring.com so you know if you're somebody
who's afraid of home burglary I tend to
be kind of paranoid about this because I
have a lot of hate mail but if somebody
who's worried about home burglary or
somebody coming to your house
not be there ring calm is for you very
often what happens is people ring the
doorbell to see if you're home and then
they burglarized the place
what ring calm does is even see it has
the camera up top somebody rings the
doorbell it rings through to your phone
you can reply to them directly and that
means whether you're home or not home
you can give the impression that you're
home you can also see who's at your door
right now they have an advanced motion
detection technology to protect the
property called the ring of security kit
which means the ring video doorbell for
the front door and a ring stick up cam
which is a wireless weatherproof HD
camera again we have a lot of great
advertisers this is one of the ones
where I actually spent my own money to
go out and get extra ring products
because I believe in the product so much
ring comm is a way that you can keep
your home safe
my wife is is paranoid about this kind
of stuff and so am I and so we've bought
a bunch of their products it's a great
product and I highly recommend it right
now if you go to ring.com slash bend get
150 bucks off of the ring of security
cap which is pretty heavy just yeah a
hefty discount so 150 bucks off the ring
of security ket ring.com
/ Ben for 150 bucks off your kit great
products I highly recommend it okay so
when it comes to this clip Gingrich and
Kelly I'm just gonna point out before I
say you know what
this clip means if you're a trump
supporter you think the Gingrich did
great if you're not a trump supporter
you think English made an ass of himself
here that really is what it comes down
to here and none no mines were changed
no mines were changed except the minds
of women who may watch this and say
really Newt Gingrich thrice-married Newt
Gingrich the guy who cheated on his
second wife with his third wife that guy
is saying to megyn kelly a woman that
she's obsessed with sex because she is
covering sexual assault allegations
against Donald Trump now you may think
that that's awful that people think that
way maybe it is that's also reality hey
the reality of the situation is that
right now Donald Trump according to ABC
news/washington post poll is losing
women by a margin of 55 to 35 by
contrast Mitt Romney lost women by 12
Donald Trump is losing women by 20k
among white women Donald Trump is losing
62 to 30 Mitt Romney won white women
white college-educated women Trump is
losing them he's destroying an entire
generation of female voters be cut for
the Republican Party because of stuff
like this whether you think English is
right and I think he's partially right
anything he's partially wrong you have
to acknowledge that there are costs to
this kind of stuff politically
and I'll talk about how it should be I'm
not talking about what's true or not I'm
talking about the reality of politics on
the ground this sort of stuff does not
help Donald Trump and Gingrich knows
that and Trump knows that and they all
know this but they're still pushing this
kind of stuff which means there's
another agenda here there's another
agenda here okay this has nothing to do
with Gingrich being right or Gingrich
being wrong but here's the thing when I
speak the language of reality again that
sort of Iron Curtain goes down and
people don't want to hear it because
it's not November 9th yet so we can't
operate in the realm of reality we have
to have hope the Trump is gonna win we
have to assume that Trump is on the
verge of winning we have to say that
Hillary is really bad she is she's awful
that has nothing to do with the point
that I'm making it has nothing to do at
the point that I'm making the point that
I'm making is if you want to run an
effective campaign that doesn't damage
conservatism and the Republican brand in
the future this is not how it's done
I'll explain more about that in just a
second over at Daley wire.com this is
why you should subscribe so you can
watch live at Daley wire.com check us
out there $8 a month and that means that
you can also be part of the The Daily
wire mailbag which we do and right now
if you get an annual subscription then
you get a free copy pre signed copy of
my new novel true allegiance which has
been doing really well on Amazon it
comes out in print on November 1st so
that should be a big deal it's gotten
getting good reviews with conservative
review just did a really nice review of
it town hall did a great review of it
Alan West Ann Coulter's both of whom
support Trump really like the book
thought it was a great book you can get
a free copy signed by me it's a Lee
Weyer calm when you do a subscription a
full year subscription and become part
of the the team that brings you the most
popular conservative podcast available
in the United States today
