there are now some indications that the
presidential race of 2016 may be
slipping away from Donald Trump the
latest polls show the Republican
candidate for appalling president still
has some enclaves of support with many
as the votes of 55 percent but with
women he only has the votes of ma
fair-weather from just over the holler
and Kentucky who reckons she should be
out of the tank by Election Day and of
Tiffany Goldberg from Shaker Heights
Ohio who says she wants her vote to
really tick off her parents because they
bought her a Volkswagen Jetta instead of
the BMW she wanted in swing states Trump
is still holding on to a slim lead in
Iowa which has six electoral votes but
when added to his other surefire wins
that only leaves the candidate with a
total of six electoral votes subtle
signs of surrender are beginning to leak
out of the Trump camp the campaign is
withdrawn ad funding ad funding from
North and South America and their final
ad is a 30-second spot entitled vote for
Trump or watch the new Trump television
network whichever you prefer
the ad is paid for by Steve Benin's
dry-cleaning and pizza delivery will
press your pants and bring you pizza to
make your taste buds dance Trump himself
remained defiant at a recent campaign
rally in allahu akbar michigan speaking
before a cheering crowd of 50,000
life-size cardboard cutouts of old white
men Trump said quote they said I could
never get above 42 percent of the vote
and Here I am today with 38 percent of
the vote and they're still fat and ugly
Hillary Clinton's campaign was also said
to be displaying fresh signs of
confidence in the latest wickedly hacks
of Clinton's emails the Democratic
candidate for deeply sinister president
is found writing to her campaign manager
John Podesta that her first order as
president will be to set the cities of
her enemies to the torch and slaughter
the residents as they try to escape mrs.
Clinton goes on to write quote now at
last I am free to manifest myself in my
final form as the Great Dragon of the
end of days how I will delight at the
screams of the unbaptized as they are
shoveled into my fanged maw and
swallowed into the eternal fires of my
inner being for the earth is bequeath to
me as my playground and all who delight
in sin shall be the nourishment of my
black soul from everlasting unto
everlasting unquote Clinton's ground
game also remains stronger than
in Ohio for instance our campaign has
pledged to deliver three votes for every
voter in the state while Trump is only
hired one 86 year old man to sit on his
lawn holding a hand lettered sign that
says vote for Ronald trim this election
chances faded Republicans in Washington
seemed to go into a panic and many could
be seen running around Capitol Hill with
their hair on fire
stabbing each other in the back while
shooting themselves in the foot several
political careers died in the melee
Trump said he was glad that GOP was
deserting him because now the shackles
were off and his hands were free he then
used his hands to punch himself
repeatedly in the face trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
the least surprising set of October
surprises ever like now we're the big
surprise
the minute the media is biased against
Trump Hillary's biased against America
and Trump's a gorilla you know we all
know what is new what is it's a lot of
dirt flying around especially the sex
stuff yesterday I could not believe it
did you see this Obama erection tape I
mean I have to bring this up because it
was it was a it's Obama on the plane as
a senator there's a long time ago he's
still a senator and for some reason he
becomes aroused in the middle of this
phone call God knows what he's talking
about
and he stands up and starts displaying
this to the girls on the the reporters
on the plane and they're shouting sit
down I couldn't tell if they were
shouting sit down to him or like sit
down you're blocking my view yeah so CNN
at this tape and they said well they sat
on it for years and I thought well CNN
sitting on Obama's erection is just
about right I think that I'm sorry but
you know did I use a my phone all right
Tyra lectures just degraded everybody
including the show so Trump got himself
in this bind we all sort of saw it saw
it coming in this last debate Anderson
Cooper you know he did this thing it's
all locker room talk with all the nasty
stuff he's saying and Anderson Cooper
corners him and during the debate and
asks him has he ever actually done any
of this grabbing of women just for the
record though are you saying that what
you said on that bus 11 years ago that
you did not actually kiss women without
consent or grope women without concise
great respect for women nobody has more
respect for women than I do
so for the record things frankly you you
hear these things who said and I was
embarrassed by it but I have tremendous
respect for women have you ever done the
have respect for me and I will tell you
no I have not so so I'm sitting next to
Shapiro while we're watching this
was going oh he fell right into this
because we all know that now they're
gonna start trotting out the women but
of course what could he do you know I
mean you asked a question like that I
tell you this the secret just this is a
little inside pro tip if you want to get
out of that situation don't attack women
that'll get you right out you know then
you can just tell Anderson what he can
do with Obama you know so of course now
the women are coming out in the New York
Times this morning has a big big story
two women say he touched them
everybody's got big stories but this is
the one from the New York Times
he's needs to snooty reporters who had
that long long story where you know they
were shocked to find that women got into
bathing suits with Donald Trump notes so
they found two women who say that Trump
fondled them one was a woman in 2005 who
introduced herself to him at an elevator
and instead of shaking her hand he
kissed her too much in her opinion the
other is this woman Jessica Leeds is now
a 74 year old woman woman she says 35
years ago she was sitting on a plane
next to a guy who said he was Donald
Trump I guess you know let's let's
assume it was Donald Trump when he
started to grope her here's Jessica
Leeds somehow another the armrest in in
the seat disappeared and it was a real
shock when all of a sudden his hands
were all over me he started encroaching
on my space and I hesitate to use this
expression but I'm going to and that is
he was like an octopus it was like he
had six arms he was all over the place
and if he had stuck with the upper part
of the body I I might not have gotten I
might not have gotten that upset but
it's when he started putting his hand up
my skirt and that was it that was it I I
was out of there and I don't think I
said a word during the late 60s 70s and
into the 80s culture had instilled in us
that somehow it was our fault
the attention that we received from men
that we were responsible for their
behavior
the the even worse one was a woman in
People magazine a writer for People
magazine who said she went to cover was
her name Natasha hold on if I can find
it
yeah Natasha stone off she said she went
to do an interview with Trump and
Melania and Melania is great with child
as we used to say and they're doing this
whole how happy they are together and
Trump took her out to show her another
room she said we walked into that room
alone and Trump shut the door behind us
I turned around and within seconds he
was pushing me against the wall and
forcing his tongue down my throat
I'm a tall strapping girl who grew up
wrestling two giant brothers I even went
sparred with Mike Tyson that must have
been interesting it takes a lot to push
me but Trump is much bigger a looming
figure and he was fast taking me by
surprise and throwing me off balance I
was stunned and I was grateful when
Trump's longtime Butler burst into the
room a minute later as I tried to unpin
myself so the New York Times the woman
the two writers Michael Barbaro and
Megan tui these are these two people
they just say well let's let's play them
they they they say this is why they felt
this story was worth running other than
there were actual absolute vendetta to
destroy Donald Trump what we do is we
interview the women in both cases more
than once to make sure we have you know
the the what they told us in their
emails and you know can wind up with
what they told us in interviews and then
we also in both cases these are women
who had shared their stories with
friends and family and the case of the
22 year old she immediately made a phone
call to her sister right after this
happened she went home that night she
told her boyfriend you know so we talked
to the boyfriend we talked to the sister
in the case of Jessica we talked to you
know if it other people she had told
this one and did you talk to Donald
Trump yes before we get to that we
talked not just to the two women who
went on the record and used their names
we talked to the people around them who
went on the record and used their names
there are no anonymous quotations in
this story these are people who are
putting their names and their
reputations by the claims that were
described in these stories I think
that's important these guys look I don't
know anything about them but they just
look to me like they've never been
anywhere but New Haven and if
third street they have like a little a
little transporter machine I don't go
anywhere else I just disappear on 53rd
Street and I appear at Yale and then
back at 53rd Street and there I am again
it's like alright so they've got these
two women there are plenty of others you
know there are lawsuits against them and
all this stuff I mean let's face it
stipulate I stipulate that all these
women are telling the truth you know you
know how Hillary Clinton said that
stupid thing she said we're a woman who
accuses someone should be believed
that's not true everybody lies men women
they everybody lies but I believe like
all the Clinton accusers I believe all
the Trump accusers I'm ready to go you
know this is so but Trump says no
there's the reporter saying what Trump
said when she called him he insisted
that all of the allegations were a
fabrication and that the New York Times
was making them up and he got
increasingly agitated as I continued my
my questions and you know started to
yell at me and told me that I was a
disgusting human being
oh he's threatening to sue we wrote him
a letter saying take it back or I'll sue
he says it's a complete fabrication
total lie in fact Trump seems to me at
this point to be the only person who's
having a good time you know he actually
seems like he's having a good time it's
funny because you know his campaign
looks like it's going down the drain it
looks to me like it is may not be you
know I'm willing to believe that
everything could turn around but he's
losing he's threatening to lose the
house of Senate the GOP is running
they're going back to him they were
running away from they don't know what
to do they're in a complete panic and
but he he is now in his element cuz he's
attacking everybody when he said that
the shackles are off I'm free he meant
it because he's like alone against the
world he's making his speech and he
starts in on the breastplate let's let's
just hear him he's just going off at
random sort of half on the teleprompter
and half on his own the corporate media
can't report on the establishment
because the corporate media is the
establishment such a big part of it
we're going to break up the space
interests monopolies and we're going to
win this country back for the American
people we're going to do it do
the emails also revealed that Hillary
Clinton believes in global government's
unlimited immigration unlimited much
more than Obama from the Middle East
come right in come right in five hundred
and fifty percent more than President
Obama who is grossly incompetent he
doesn't know what the hell he's doing
and why is he campaigning we just had a
horrible jobs report we have no growth
you saw GDP at one percent we have no
growth we have a horrible jobs report
China is ripping us off Japan is ripping
us off with the cars Mexico has a
unbelievable deal with us both on the
border I mean look at our trade deficit
with Mexico he went into a routine I
didn't bring it in but he went into a
routine it's apparently hot where he's
talking and he said he said I'd like to
see Hillary Clinton do this for an hour
and talk like I'm talking and then he
doesn't imitation of heuristic decrepit
old crone
he's just having a great time while the
GOP goes up and smoke it up and smoking
down in flames you know so at least look
at least somebody's having fun I think
that's the important thing
and the WikiLeaks thing so this is the
other side of this the WikiLeaks thing
this is hilarious I mean this is
hilarious WikiLeaks is now released
maybe 6,000 emails right it's it's all
this stuff and there's nothing yet
there's nothing yet where it's like
Hillary Clinton ordering somebody get
dead or something like that you know I
don't know what I don't know what could
happen at this point that wouldn't let
us know that Hillary Clinton is more
corrupt than we already know she is I
mean this is the thing but there is all
this embarrassing stuff coming out
here's the headline in the New York
Times right next to there you know two
women say that 35 years ago Trump groped
me whatever you know here's the headline
Trump is embracing an unlikely ally
WikiLeaks Donald J Trump and his
supporters are increasingly seizing on a
trove of emails from Hillary Clinton's
campaign that WikiLeaks
bump machine this is Clavin second rule
of MSM journalism right if there's a
scandal on the left the scandals about
the scandal if there's a scandal on the
right the scandal is about how do they
get that information how are you you
shouldn't go into a Planned Parenthood
and take secret pictures of them
devouring children that's what you know
that's a terrible thing to do all right
well maybe but devouring children might
be wrong it might be wrong but you know
to take pictures that's terrible that's
a terrible thing
you're Valerie Plame you know how could
you say how could you release the name
of Valerie Plame never mind that Bush
was right about Sodom saying getting
nuclear material you know never mind
that I know but how did you get so this
is this is what the Democrats are
pushing we got to go off on Facebook and
YouTube but if you come to the Daily
wire you know if you would come to the
Daily wire and subscribe you could watch
the whole thing without interruption you
can also get it on soundcloud and itunes
but for a lousy eight bucks a month you
get me you get Ben you get everything
you could be in the mail back next week
come on over
