during the second presidential debate on
Sunday night Donald Trump suggested who
had appointed Attorney General and urged
the new agey to appoint special
prosecutor to investigate Hillary
Clinton's email malfeasance when Clinton
protested that quote it's just awfully
good that someone with the temperament
of Donald Trump is not in charge of the
law in our country Trump fired back
because he'd be in jail which was funny
the media of course went apoplectic how
could Trump suggest he'd jail his
opponents CNN's Dana Bash compared Trump
to Stalin and Hitler Clinton's campaign
manager pearl clutch quote he was
talking like he would become some
dictator of a Banana Republic and throw
her and his political enemies in jail
this is to put it mildly very very silly
Trump didn't say that he'd
single-handedly send a military squad
round up Hillary and her aides and then
dump them in a darkened cell somewhere
before beating confessions out of them
he said there would be a real
investigation and that he believes
Hillary's guilty
both of these notions are plausible and
both are justified given the FBI's a
ridiculously rigged investigation into
Hillary's email server Trump never said
due process ought to be discarded or
Hillary ought to be summarily executed
Hillary's allies have four years
suggested that politicians up to and
including george w bush be frog-marched
out of their abodes and into the gentle
hands of law enforcement
the media's sudden obsession with law
and order is fascinating after years of
covering up the Obama administration's
routine violation of legal process from
the IRS is targeting of conservatives to
the administration's targeting of
journalists to the Hillary investigation
the Obama administration is operated
like a Banana Republic to target Trump
over far milder statements is hypocrisy
to Tate to say the least but that's how
the left operates it's not a Banana
Republic
if leftists administered the Banana
Republic that's a pretty convenient
standard for a group of people who would
allow any Democrat to violate the law on
a routine basis and then call anyone who
complained disloyal I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show
oh goody goody gumdrops so much to get
to today including Donald Trump finally
breaking loose of those chains have been
talking about for so long we'll get to
all of it because it didn't no one said
the apocalypse wouldn't be fun and we
just said that it would be painful and
both of those things are true okay so
before we do that obviously the stay
friends hello to our friends at Birch
gold if you are worried about the
impending doom of the country then you
might be interested in investing in
precious metals because the fact is the
economy right now is inflated in a
couple of different ways in the real
estate market its inflated in the stock
market its inflated and the Birch gold
group is a place that you want to talk
to if you want to take part of your
portfolio and put it into precious
metals part of my portfolio is in
precious metals these are folks that I
would trust with this they have an A+
rating with the Better Business Bureau
and they they know all that high could
move your IRA or 401k if you wanted into
precious metals you need to give them a
call
Birch gold group 804 9 6 66 63 804 9 6
66 63 ask all your questions get all
your information or go to birchgold.com
slash Ben that's 800 for 9 6 66 63
online at birchgold.com slash men use
the slash pen so they know that we sent
you and they'll send you a 16 page
informational kit about investing in
precious metals ask all your questions
get all your answers and then think
about doing some investments in precious
metals o.k so we'll begin today with
Donald Trump so we'll get to Hillary
Clinton in a little while because
Hillary continues to be just a terrible
awful person their new John Podesta
emails showing that Hillary was
coordinating apparently with the
Department of Justice over her
investigations there's an email that's
been taken slightly out of context
saying that Hillary doesn't like talking
about everyday people says she hates
everyday people some people are taking
that slightly out of context but the
Podesta emails are a disaster for her
they demonstrate that she is a
full-fledged manipulative politician
that the DNC was absolutely attempting
to help her defeat Bernie Sanders and
that she's been manipulating on
everything from Benghazi to the to the
email the email server but obviously the
big story of the day is Donald Trump is
absolutely melting down it's it's that
the polls are coming out and the polls
are awful the polls are just just
terrible and there's a poll yesterday
NBC Wall Street Journal poll we talked
about it yesterday in a four-way race he
is down 11 points in a two-way race he
is down
fourteen points second poll out today
nationally in a two way race he's down
11 points there's give me another NBC
poll that comes out today updated after
the debate it is not expected to look
good for Donald Trump so Donald Trump
today did what you would expect Donald
Trump to do he's now playing the con
game we talked about this yesterday and
it is too con no okay because Donald
Trump knows he's gonna lose and he's got
Steve Bannon at his wrist telling him
Donald's just be you just be you because
we're going to take revenge on all the
people who deserve the revenge this is
no longer about winning this is about
creating a narrative for Donald Trump so
two things Donald Trump's doing two
things in this in this con game the
first thing that he's doing is he's
setting up what they called in Germany
after World War one the dust obliging
the das das ligand the the stab in the
back right the idea that Donald Trump
was about to win he was just on the
verge of winning when suddenly he was
stabbed in the back this is a bunch of
crap Donald Trump fell apart because
Donald Trump's a really bad candidate
sounds from blew himself up after that
first debate we talked about it here on
the show he had pulled he had pulled
even in the in the polls he had all the
momentum going into that first debate he
fell apart and then he imploded because
he felt it was more important to talk
about Miss Universe from 1997 being fat
than to talk about issues that mattered
and to continue attacking Hillary
Clinton then of course this tape that
grabbed him by the blank tape drops on
Friday and Trump collapses even further
and that class has not been slowed so
far as we know in any of the polls the
bottom seems to have dropped out of his
base of support so Donald Trump is
blaming everybody else it's everybody
else's fault so Donald Trump is now
tweeting he's now tweeting and here's
what Donald Trump is tweeting okay this
is all over the last 24 hours
Paul Ryan should spend more time on
balancing the budget jobs and illegal
immigration and not waste his time on
fighting the Republican nominee now the
reason Trump is going after Paul Ryan is
because the Speaker of the House at a
conference call with fellow Republicans
where he basically said look I'm still
supporting Donald Trump but you're not
gonna see me out there defending him
loudly and they're not gonna see me
campaigning with him and the reason he's
not gonna do that is because he knows
the toxicity of Donald Trump has down
ballot effects okay so we're now going
to talk about the real world for just a
second then I'll explain what what Trump
is doing okay here's the real world the
real world is that Donald Trump is going
to lose I'm not going to tell you pretty
stories yesterday you can go to a lot of
places to tell you the Donald Trump is
still on the verge of victory everything
is fine
everything is dandy if all the people
would just jump on board like Bill
Mitchell or Mike's ornaments and then
everything would just be spectacular if
Laura Ingram says that then were this
close to victory if Sean Hannity says
that we are just on the verge that this
is the moment then if everyone just
jumped aboard if they would stop with
the stabbing in the back Donald Trump
would be fine oh he wouldn't okay Donald
Trump is trashed
he is toast that's his own fault he's a
crappy candidate okay that's what's
happening in the real world so assume
for a second that I and every number
being put out all right as opposed to my
you know people who think differently
based on both lack of data as well as
the crap that comes out of their face
okay because there's certain of us that
actually believe in evidence in
statistics in reality and certain people
who apparently are more interested in
purveying myths about the chances Donald
Trump wins this election right now
Donald Trump has less than a 20 percent
shot of winning this election according
to 538 there are two separate polls that
have him down double digits
his average in the Real Clear Politics
poll average he is now down nearly seven
points in that race Shawn Trender Real
Clear Politics basically called the race
this morning he is losing in every
single swing state with the exception of
Iowa and there have been no new state
polls since the news of this tape broke
and since that second debate which by
the way I thought he won but the snap
poll said that he lost so okay all that
on the table let's assume just assume
for the sake of argument that I'm right
and all the data let's assume for a
second argument that that what people
think in their unicorn filled heads is
not true and the data and statistics
actually matter and that you want to
hear the truth
okay so Trump is going to lose assume
that's right all of these other
arguments no longer matter okay none of
the arguments that we've been making for
a year matter anymore they don't they
only mattered in a close election Trump
is better than Clinton arguments are
relevant he's going to lose the Supreme
Court irrelevant and Donald Trump is
actually attacking all of the senators
he would need in order to ram through a
conservative nominee anyway so he never
cared about it the 2005 tape is
overblown irrelevant because people
obviously don't think it's overblown
there's whether it's overblown which is
one issue and they're people like Andrew
Clavin who think it is that's fine but
that doesn't change the reality most
Americans don't think it's overblown and
you can see it in the polls Americans
are upset by it and second morally
speaking you shouldn't go on national TV
and downplay people talking about sexual
assault you suppress as a general moral
matter it doesn't seem like a smart or
decent thing to do
argument for cocks you know you're all
cooks right everybody's not backing
Trump his cock completely irrelevant if
Donald Trump is losing because I'll tell
you something there is nothing more
conservative than handing the Congress
over to Democrats because you're too mad
to to vote for people down ballot who
aren't endorsing Donald Trump and then
finally this is the establishments fault
it's Paul Ryan's fault the Ducks tossed
legand it's it's the it's the legend of
the stab in the back it's Paul Ryan's
fault Paul Ryan is still supporting him
Reince Priebus is still supporting him
Mitch McConnell is still supporting him
this is all on Trump and it's all
irrelevant anyway because if Trump is
losing all that matters is whether other
people lose with him all that matters is
that you have a Republican Congress that
is able to stymie Hillary in some way
and let's not pretend so cannot fall
into this myth that there's no
difference whether there's a Congress
that's Republican or a Congress that's
Democrat I've been disappointed by the
Republican Congress too they should have
done more to stymie trudge tiny Obama on
spending they should have done more to
stop the Iran deal that was a disgrace
they should have done more to stop Obama
on executive amnesty that was
disgraceful all of that said all of that
said things are a lot worse when
Democrats run all the branches of
government do not remember Obamacare do
not remember the stimulus package do not
remember the tax increases okay lots of
bad things happen when Democrats run all
the branches of government so it's just
out of pure spite you decide the
Democrats should run the entire
government because you love Donald Trump
so much let me recommend they take a
second thought at that okay so now
Donald Trump is in he's in a situation
Donald Trump knows that he's got a
problem and that he's falling apart and
so he has to somehow preserve the myth
that he is a big winner he's a huge
winner he's gonna win big Lee if he had
not been stabbed in the back so that
means he's gonna do two things now
hazing these do things think number one
that Donald Trump is gonna do is he's
going to claim that everybody is
stabbing him in the back right it's all
a stab in the back and he's by himself
okay this is a Breitbart routine this is
a Steve Danon routine I know Steve Steve
wants everything to burn he's he's only
interested in burning everything down
burning everything down sounds like a
lot of fun until it turns out you're
inside the house yeah right now we're
all inside the house because we have to
live in this country together and it
turns out that Hillary and her Democrats
running the country does not seem like a
good plan so here's what Donald Trump is
tweeting
remember we're 27 days from an election
he's more interested in knocking
Republicans out of Congress than
allowing Republicans to stop Hillary
Clinton cuz he knows he's gonna lose all
he cares about his ego so here's Trump
this
quite winning the second debate in a
landslide it is hard to do well when
Paul Ryan and others gives you a support
okay one point something out I'm old
enough to remember when Donald Trump
said he didn't need anybody else's
support he didn't need Paul Ryan support
or Ted Cruz's support he didn't need the
establishment support winning against
Hillary was gonna be so easy
and then he built no campaign
infrastructure and relied on the RNC and
his whining when Paul Ryan still
endorses him but won't go out and
campaign for him in the aftermath of the
tape that would absolutely devastate the
Republicans down ballot okay that's not
all from Donald Trump he says this our
very weak and ineffective leader Paul
Ryan had a bad conference call where his
members went wild at his disloyalty
right so now we're no longer worried
about winning now we're worried about
this loyalty we've got Trump over here
in the Fuehrer bunker as everything
burns around him saying that every
candidate must go down with him every
candidate must go down with him to
demonstrate loyalty right all that
matters is loyalty Donald Trump does not
get to talk about loyalty to Republicans
when in the first place he was the guy
who threatened running third party
throughout the primaries and in the
second place he's now in the middle of
an election cycle
ripping everybody on the down ballot I
never supported Donald Trump but I
always said vote down ballot and I
always said that if you want to vote
Donald Trump to stop Hillary I
understand I have my own assessment of
the risk but I understand what you're
doing
Donald Trump is talking loyalty the only
loyalty Trump cares about is loyalty to
Donald Trump and then finally Donald
Trump finished up with a couple more
tweets this one particularly said it is
so nice the shackles have been taken off
me and I can now fight for America the
way I want to so let me just point
something out if you've been watching
this show you know how hilarious this is
to me personally because I've been
saying for literally months now that
Donald Trump was chained up in a
basement by Kellyanne Conway and
eventually he would escape and trample
the small children this is what I wrote
for an in actual syndicated column
September 21st quote like a pent up
movie monster chained to the wall of a
dank dungeon Trump's aggression weights
and Lorex quote it is so nice the
shackles have been taken off me
and I can now fight for America the way
I want to and I believe we do have a
live shot actually from Trump Tower
right after he tweeted this
and there the Republican Party thought
that they could contain from Paul Ryan
thought they could contain from
everybody thought Trump was containable
and controllable and that they would be
able to use him in order to get ahead
and it turns out that Trump in the end
is just Trump it turns out that Trump in
the end is just Trump here's something I
wrote August 18th
I haven't been right about everything in
this election but since the primaries
ends it not to say that I was right
about everything but I kind of was
August 18th at the hill quote Trump
wants to go out on his own terms and
those terms will be fully trumpian which
means that Trump will get Trump ear the
let Trump be Trump Angle always
attracted Trump since he's a narcissist
now he'll get to play out his fantasies
with Steve Ben and screaming that's
genius in his ear every few hours
never mind what happens to the
Republican Senate in house the campaign
has been Trump's plaything he'll play
with it until the batteries go dead okay
there's a report today from Robert cost
at the Washington Post
what is Trump doing he's holed up at the
top of Trump Tower and at the top of
Trump Tower he is he is tweeting out
with Steve Bannon at his side so the you
know this is just it's devastating all
the way around it's just it's just awful
it's awful and and this is what you got
when when Trump is the standard bearer
for a part for a party about whose
principles he simply doesn't care and
everybody who's already look I can see
people arguing with me in the comments
that the Trump is still the big winner
okay fine if you want to believe in this
fantasy world the Trump is still gonna
win and the only thing that stops Trump
is people like me and that if it were
only for us jumping on board you can
live in that delusional world I suppose
I just don't see how it's going to help
right Laura Ingraham is living in that
solution or world to right this is Laura
Ingraham had a piece today it's just a
stupid stupid piece Laura I don't she's
an intelligent woman but but whatever
she whatever drugs she's been taking
during this campaign have done something
she says a memo to the anti-trump Pro
globalization wing of the GOP the day
after a strong debate performance by her
party's nominee you decided not to
celebrate it but to dismiss and distract
from it you called your friends in the
press and told them about the coming GOP
stampede away from Trump well no
actually the GOP stampede happened on
Saturday before the debate Laura said if
you succeed in helping Democrats elect
Hillary Clinton you not he will be held
responsible for losing the Supreme Court
and busting up the Republican Party
again they're rewriting history as it's
happening
it's Trump's fault he's losing it's
always the candidates faults when he
lost I'm old enough to remember when
Mitt Romney
lost there was no talk about all the
people who stayed home for Mitt Romney
there was lots of talk about how how
Romney blew the second debate how he ran
a weak campaign how he should have
attacked Barack Obama more I don't
remember anybody saying all those people
who didn't show up for Romney that was
truly a stab in the back to Mitt Romney
I really don't remember that do you I
don't when a candidate loses it's on the
candidate end of story but again Trump
is doing two things the first thing that
he's doing is he's saying that he was
stabbed in the back and we'll get to the
second thing in just a moment but first
we have to say hello to our friends at
helix sleep so if you ever want to get a
great mattress at a really at a really
affordable price helix sleep is the way
to go helix sleep calm slash been so
hulex sleep runs a 3d bio mechanical
model of your body through a proprietary
algorithm that they've developed you can
go on their website and you talk about
kind of what kind of mattress you like
what your body type is how much you
weigh and they customized the mattress
and then they send it to you in the mail
we have one and it's fantastic it's
SuperDuper comfortable it's it inflates
basically but you take it out of the box
and you take it out of the package and
the air hits it and it inflates and it's
incredibly comfortable and the cost on
it is is really great a really great
mattress cost you like five or ten
thousand dollars this thing cost you
like a thousand bucks maybe and it's
it's fantastic and it arrives at your at
your door in a week and shipping is 100%
free and then you sleep on it for a
hundred nights and if you don't like it
they give you 100% refund no questions
asked so there's no risk involved at all
it's helix sleep comm slash pen I have
one of these mattresses I sleep on one
of these mattresses it's truly
comfortable and it's really great so I
recommend this very very highly okay so
they know so then the number one thing
Trump is doing is he's doing me is he's
doing the the dog spots leg and the the
stab in the back and his supporters are
doing the same thing so Mike Huckabee is
is now saying that it's the bedwetting
GOP they're just they can't stand it
it's all their fault today it's not
Trump's fault it's their fault here's a
little secret Megan a lot of these
bedwetting hand wringing Republicans
they're not afraid Donald Trump is going
to lose they're scared to death he's
going to win and if he wins he's going
to mess up the neat little package of
fun they have because they all play to
the donor class and Donald Trump is
coming to make
big changes in the way that these
institutions go okay and he's saying
yeah that's really what's happening
right people are opposing Trump because
they're afraid that he's gonna win know
the reason that people are opposing
Trump is cuz they're afraid he's gonna
drag them to a loss okay people don't
want to hug an electrical fire while
it's raging it turns out that that
clutching a landmine to your chest may
not be the best electoral strategy okay
because and you know how you can tell
the way can tell is when he was doing
well in the polls nobody was running
from him were they right where is the
big exodus if they just if they were so
afraid of Trump winning why didn't they
leave him three weeks ago when he was
doing well in the polls they waited
until he was doing badly and they were
afraid he's gonna drag them down so
we're just saying obviously untrue
things now that he's being stabbed in
the back and all the rest Bill O'Reilly
is trotting out this claim that the
media are trying to crush Donald Trump
as well here's Bill O'Reilly and and
Trump tweeted this particular clip out
it's a complicated situation but I think
everyone can agree except for the media
organizations that now have ordered
their employees to destroy Trump there's
at least three of them and I can't say
who they are right now because I don't
have it nailed down but I am a hundred
percent convinced and these media
organizations have actually been put out
if you support Trump we're gonna your
careers done here okay and that's not
that they're so the idea is the media
okay first of all everybody knows the
media is out to get Trump why is that
any shock at all he still has to face it
down
he still has to win second of all I am
very well aware of many conservative
media organizations that have actively
threatened employees for not supporting
Donald Trump I know about them and I
can't say more than that but the idea
that Donald the idea that this doesn't
exist on both sides is just silly okay
we have to let you go on Facebook and
YouTube more dark and zoom when you come
to Daily wire calm because there's more
to get to here and I think it's
important again I'm sorry that I have to
speak truth I'm sorry I have to tell you
the truth about polls I'm sorry to burst
bubbles about how Donald Trump is the
great God King is gonna win and all this
stuff but I think it's important for
people to know what's happening in real
time and for people to pay attention to
the realities of what's happening in
real time not just the rosy depictions
that you're gonna see over a Breitbart
or on fox news at a certain particular
time in the evening daily we're calm if
you want to subscribe eight bucks a
month and we have some goodies that are
coming for people who are who are
subscribers that's coming in the next
week plus you get the podcast and you
get the rest of it live and
got all sorts of goodies including being
part of the mailbag gonna be part of
Andrew Clayton's show as well gives a
more upbeat version of what's going cuz
hard to find a more downbeat one today
in there so anyway go over to daily wire
comm become a subscriber right now
