have you had any time to enjoy the la
beaches I'm here at political 2018 where
there's many different people from all
across the political spectrum there's
going to be celebrities journalists
commentators and politicians and I can't
wait to talk to them this is Cassie
Dylan with the daily wire this is my
first time being at a bipartisan event
she has nights filled Patong people and
really get to know what they believe so
Melania you're hanging out by baby Trump
right now what do you think I came to
see my husband he told me what you good
for the PR oh boy so I'm really excited
for the Tucker Carlson jakecooper to me
it was a gradual manner was here what's
the militant modern well basically I'm
the word over voted for both Bernie and
Trump so I'm a gun owning pacifist
I am goat versus fish and what flavor
I am democracy what does that democracy
I just wanna say thank you to my friends
at MSNBC got some Morning Joe I wonder
if it's gonna come with some
controversial hot takes on president
Trump as well how many
I'm here with my friend Juan Jacobs or
okay WWE you just wanted to watch it I
did I'm mayor of Knox County Tennessee
have you had any time to enjoy the LA
beaches I think that's probably good for
the people that later so it's the girls
in the Daily wire
how are your panels so far so good one
down three to go
Wow how'd it go tell me about it so it
was chris christie michael steele
charlie curved avoner ridden myself why
did Sally Kohn moderate a conservative
panel I think political likes to do that
they like to throw things in there and
stir things up and I have to say Sally
was very diplomatic and chance a lot of
good questions Chris Christie talked
about how Trump is in an ideological
conservative and I was like no kidding
it was fun it has even among the panel
of conservative Republicans we're all on
a different end of the spectrum I think
I'm a conservative let's play game good
Trump a drunk one good thing she's done
unemployment come on the man's a perfect
separation of children at the border is
the worst thing that man has done one
good thing we've done one good thing
spray tan you've renegotiated all of our
deals in the surrounding countries I
think that's good we're now as of like a
couple days ago we're now the most
competitive economy in the world that
Trump
anyone who says that they would grab
somebody should probably be disqualified
maybe running for president I just like
how he handles against the media I mean
maybe maybe he's a little unhinged maybe
he has a dirty way of dealing with the
media but he's shaking the club and I
like that the man has character flaws
you know that's one things I could say I
don't feel that he's a racist I'm gonna
say that again I don't feel that he's a
racism they won a Kalitta con is over
it's been great honestly we hear that
America is so divided but coming home
from Kalitta con I have to say the
people here are civil
they're rational and people are really
getting along
wait to see what tomorrow has
