all black people are leftists Clarence
Thomas is not a leftist therefore
Clarence Thomas is not a black people so
goes the logic at the new Smithsonian
National Museum of african-american
history and culture Museum according to
the Weekly Standard Clarence Thomas is
nowhere to be found only one of only two
Supreme Court justices has been black in
American history perhaps the Court's
finest modern thinker yes I think even
better than Justice Scalia whose
insistence on starry decisis marred the
consistency of his original ISM Thomas
is a major judicial figure in the
history of the United States there is
only one reason he's missing he's
conservative that's the reason HBO made
a full-scale documents ready documentary
about the discredited anita hill charges
it's why the left gets to consistently
insist that thomas is some sort of idiot
for not asking questions during oral
argument a useless procedure given that
the justices have generally made up
their minds already even the museum
includes items from the anita hill
debacle according to the Weekly Standard
they say quote inside the museum Hill
and her supporters receive significant
attention with photos in quotations and
on the museum's website you can see a
button that reads I believe I need a
hill museum officials conceded to circle
reporter Ravi Williams that justice
Thomas's own story has quote very little
presence in any of the exhibitions
that's putting it rather generously this
is the sick double standard to the left
if you're a leftist black person you can
commit virtually any sin and withstand
it if you're a prominent conservative
black person you must be memory hold
that's because the left identifies
people by group characteristic and
insists it is the greatest protector of
victimized groups if certain members of
those supposed victim groups refuse to
see themselves as victims and instead
they insist on thinking along
conservative lines they must be cast out
less they represent a living testament
to the falsity of leftist thought and so
Clarence Thomas disappears and the same
Democratic Party that Reems Donald Trump
for doubting Barack Obama's point of
origin has no problem disappearing
Thomas after all it's racist to pretend
that President Obama isn't authentically
african-american but it's perfectly
acceptable to do so to a man born in
segregated Georgia on a farm speaking
Goa as his native tongue
the descendants of American slaves
abandoned by his father left homeless by
a fire raised by his maternal
grandparents he doesn't think like Obama
does and so he must be excised I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
yes congratulations to you if you're
wondering why you're watching us here on
a Friday it's because earlier this week
was Rosh Hashanah and that meant that we
had to take two days off so we didn't
want to leave you two completely bereft
this week and so unbeknownst to me even
yesterday we had scheduled another show
today and made all of our minions an
oompa loompas come in and participate in
the show so congratulations to me and
congratulations to them but mostly
congratulations to you because your day
has been made just a little bit more
bright or depending on what I say just a
little bit more depressing okay so we
begin today by thanking our sponsors of
course at Birch gold if you are deeply
concerned about the direction of the
economy and given the new economic
reports out today you have good reason
to be if you're concerned the stock
market may be inflated if you're worried
the real estate market may be inflated
by the by these sort of low-interest
mortgages that are being handed out like
handy by the Fed then thanks to low
interest rates then perhaps you need to
visit my friends at Birch gold group if
you go to Birch gold group they'll give
you all the information you need to know
about investing in precious metals about
how to move your 401k or your stock
portfolio into gold and they have a
16-page free kit that reveals how gold
and silver can protect your savings and
how you can reinvest from your IRA or
401k into precious metals if that's
something that you choose to do if you
want to give em a call ask all your
questions about precious metals why it's
worthwhile to invest get all those
questions answered call them at eight
hundred four nine six 66 63 804 96 66 63
or go to birchgold.com slash bend that's
birchgold.com slash bet make sure you
use the slash pen so they know that we
sent you and they continue to advertise
with us making possible all of the
genius in which you are about to
participate ok so we have a lot coming
up today we're gonna do deconstructing
the culture we had to skip that earlier
this week so we'll do that today and we
have it thanks to one of our emailers
who insisted that we do a heavy metal
version of deconstructing the culture
yesterday we will do a deconstructing
the culture of a corn song today and
it's spelled with a k which is weird
because the word corn isn't spelled with
a k but we will discuss corn and it will
deconstruct the culture in a little bit
we will also be talking about I do have
an epic things I like today actually a
really great things I like that is
hilarious that you don't want to stick
around for and subscribe to daily wire
to so that you can actually see it
sort of a visual joke but we begin today
we begin today with what Donald Trump
has to do in the debate in order to win
so in order for Donald Trump to win in
the debate on Sunday he has to walk a
very fine line I'm a one hand he has to
he has to make the case that Hillary
Clinton is utterly unfit for office he
has to throw her off her game he has to
be aggressive on the other hand if he's
too aggressive then he looks crazy and
he looks like he's bullying her and
that's a very fine line to walk for for
a guy who is a hammer not a scalpel I've
been saying this entire election cycle
Donald Trump is a hammer in search of a
nail
sometimes he hits a nail actually much
more often the beginning of this
election cycle he hit a nail now he
tends to hit babies and puppies but he
actually needs to be a scalpel not a
sledgehammer now good news Hillary has
provided all sorts of material for him
to use in the debate on Sunday he there
is no shortage of material for Donald
Trump to use in the debate on Sunday so
for example according to The Wall Street
Journal today quote newly disclosed
emails show top Obama administration
officials were in close contact with
Hillary Clinton's nascent presidential
campaign in early 2015 about the
potential fallout from revelations the
former Secretary of State used a private
email server in other words the Obama
White House was coordinating with
Hillary about something that the Obama
White House was supposed to be
investigating the Obama DOJ was in the
middle of a criminal investigation of
Hillary's private email server and the
White House was working with Hillary
Clinton and the State Department it's
unbelievable the coordination included
communications between the White House
and the State Department asking then
Secretary of State John Kerry not to
talk about the emails the State
Department also told Hillary's lawyers
the State Department hadn't told
Congress that Hillary did anything wrong
at all so they were coordinating with
Hillary this entire time which is
amazing she was outside the government
there a government agency anybody who
thinks there wasn't coordination between
the White House and the DOJ and the FBI
at this point you got to be smoking
something to believe that second the FBI
notes show that Hillary destroyed
documents the FBI's report actually
contains notes from a 2015 interview
with an unnamed Office of Information
programs and services employee according
to those notes Hillary's people told the
IPS that she had 14 boxes of emails to
turn over when the DOJ lawyers arrived
to pick up these emails at Hillary's
lawyers offices how many boxes were
there there were 12 so two questions one
why don't you just turn over the e
males you know like not the printed
versions like the actual emails when I
when somebody if somebody asked me to
forward an email I wouldn't print it out
and fax it to them
I just forward it to them they destroyed
all the records though so they printed
them all out and then apparently they
burned two boxes of them
so just wonderful by the way the State
Department also tried to convince the
FBI to reel able documents less
classified so that it wouldn't look like
Hillary had passed really highly
classified material across her server
third piece of news the Donald Trump
should be using in the debate on Sunday
Russia now wants to open bases in
Vietnam and Cuba so Hillary who is
supposed to given the brush and reset
button she's gonna be so tough on Russia
Russia is currently on an expansionist
tear and I mean a tear they want to
reopen military bases in in Cuba they
want to reopen military bases in Vietnam
and then beyond that this is really the
story of the day that's gonna get no
attention whatsoever Russia is now
putting short-range missiles in in
certain areas that are that are right
next to next to NATO allies so they've
actually put what they call the ISKCON
their missile system I think I'm
pronouncing that correctly the Iskender
missile system a short-range missile
system in Kaliningrad which is kind of
this it's a weird little territory
that's Russian territory but it's not
actually contiguous with Russia it's not
connected to Russia and sort of curls
around and in Poland is to its south and
Latvia and Estonia are very close by and
Finland is just across a body of water
and the outgoing president of the the
outgoing president of Finland he is
saying now that his name is toomas
hendrik he said the recent incidents
with planes violating Finnish and
Estonian airspace in recent days show
that Russia's use of forest tactics had
reached Estonians region as well sorry
he's the alcoholic Estonian Estonian
president and so Estonia is feeling the
pressure it's clear that Russia moving
Iskander missiles to Kaliningrad was
alarming they're there now
obviously moving in offensive directions
because they feel like whoever wins this
election they're going to be able to
achieve what they want to achieve there
they're feeling their oats they know
that Obama is not going to stop them and
so this is something that that obviously
Trump should hit with you know we'll see
if that if that works or not
fourth Aleppo is absolutely collapsing
so what is Aleppo Aleppo is a city in
Syria Garry Johnson aleppo's a city in
Syria that
been sort of a battleground between the
resistance to Assad and Assad and the
Russian and Syrian forces are now
pounding Aleppo 376 people have been
killed in the last couple of weeks
one-third of those are children Kerry is
doing nothing John Kerry's doing nothing
he's threatening to stop speaking with
the Russians which I'm sure would be a
great relief to them because who wants
to hear John Kerry's big boom
he threatened to stop spiit he also said
today that he wants to he wants a Human
Rights Commission to investigate
yeah I'm sure the UN Security Council
will get right on that you know he's on
the UN Security Council gang Russia
I'm sure Russia is gonna get right on
investigating Russia I'm sure that
that's that's coming next fifth story
terrible jobs numbers Labor Department
released yet another week jobs report
156 thousand jobs added in September
that's really not a good number
payroll growth was revised lower by
7,000 jobs unemployment rich-girl
unemployment rate goes up
underemployment rate is still nine point
seven percent so he couldn't mention all
these things and he should mention all
of these things right he shouldn't spend
his time going after Hillary on all
these things of course that would
require him to know policies that's you
know uphill battle for Trump because he
doesn't study and he doesn't really pay
attention to this unfortunately Donald
Trump just as of about 10 minutes ago
decided that he was going to revivify
the case of the Central Park jogger the
Central Park jogger for people who don't
know this case a white woman was jogging
in Central Park I believe this in 1989
and and she was assaulted allegedly by
five people six people like a group of
young guys who beat her up left her in a
coma for 12 days and raped her and the
original case there were six people who
are tried five black one Hispanic if I
get the if this is correct I think it is
all six of them confessed to being
involved all six were convicted and then
in 2002 a guy who was a light a life
convict rapist came out and said he was
the one who actually did it and he did
the rape alone so and his bodily
material matched up with the with the
the kit that was on file and so these
guys were released from prison now there
still is to be fair to trump there still
is some controversy over whether the
confessions were coerced whether the
confessions were real whether there was
some level involvement by these guys but
in the end there was a 41 million dollar
settlement with the with the Central
Park five as they were called since five
people Central Park five as they were
called and and they were paid off by the
city for some odd reason Trump feels the
need to revivify
now forget whether Trump is right or
wrong for a second because nobody really
knows whether Trump is right or wrong we
do know that the guy who was the actual
rapist or at least one of the rapists as
far as we know the only rapist as far as
we know the bad guys genetic material
was on the woman and that there was no
other genetic material connecting these
other guys but put the whole case aside
for just a second why is he bringing up
an issue that's just gonna be a hot
button for Hillary to to move him on to
in Sunday night's debate why is he why
is he opening the door now you know what
Hillary's gonna do she's gonna say you
know five guys were exonerated four
black guys one Hispanic they were
exonerated they were paid off by the
city and Donald Trump still thinks that
are guilty and you're telling me there's
no criminal justice system bias you're
telling me that that there's no racism
in the criminal justice system these
guys were exonerated they're innocent
and Donald Trump is still out there
pushing these cases from 1989 it's just
it's stupid politics it's stupid
politics there's so many great things to
talk about it's just not particularly
smart so that's that sort of the latest
on the Donald on the Donald Trump
lead-up to the debate and he has to win
he has to win it's not enough for him to
just do okay in this particular debate
he has to walk away the clear Victor it
has to be a Mike Pence over Tim Kaine
style victory he has to throw Hillary
and we'll see if he's capable of doing
that Trump for some odd reason it's it's
I'm not sure what he's doing I mean I
can say that most of the time but I'm
really not sure what he's doing in the
lead-up to this debate here yesterday he
was speaking I think this is in Nevada
and and here he is talking about how he
doesn't like getting into the gutter
with Hillary Clinton which comes as a
shock to everybody yeah I did haulback I
thought it was just inappropriate to say
what I was really thinking I would say
and I held back I think for I think for
good reason I think for good reason I'd
much rather have it be on policy and I
didn't like getting into the into the
gutter and so I did hold back okay so
you doesn't like getting into the gutter
and so he held back is he gonna hold
back on Sunday night well the case that
he should hold back is that he doesn't
want to look like he's a crazy attack
dog the case he shouldn't is he's got to
say something to throw her off for a
game
Trump also is sounding off about the
media of course and he's right I mean he
says the media's out to get in beds in
New Hampshire not Nevada of course
here's Trump talking about it John
Harwood was the worst moderator out of
all the debates we had come
we have 11 or 12 he was so bad this guy
knows nothing about me I was so happy
and I saw today that somebody on CNN the
Clinton News Network who knows nothing
about us you know they use John King
actually he's a nice guy like him on the
maps he does a good job with the maps I
like him better now than I did a couple
of months ago cuz a couple of months ago
I had no chance now all of a sudden that
map is getting very red but John King
said you know they always have a source
they always have a source a source with
and nobody talks to him
nobody start because he's like the enemy
he's like the enemy okay so he's lashing
out at the media again I don't know
that's the world's worst tactic I just
don't know how it really helps him at
this point no look not every word that
he says it's gonna be a helpful word I
mean he's talking at these town halls
for an hour apiece but I'm not sure what
his strategy is on Sunday I'm not sure
he has one he said yesterday that his
strategy is he doesn't think Hillary
Clinton is really doing debate prep I
promise you Hillary Clinton is doing
serious debate prep he says he's not
sure that he should do serious debate
prep because after all you gotta go in
and kind of wing it there there was a
rumor today that was confirmed that he's
pulled out ad money from Florida Ohio
and North Carolina
maybe he'll reinvest it we don't know
yet but that's that's a weird sign for
sure so the things are sort of in chaos
he has one last chance to do something
big and that comes on Sunday well we
have to break here four feet people who
are watching this live on Facebook if
you want to continue watching it live go
to daily wire comm and subscribe right
now eight bucks a month gets you a
subscription you get to be part of the
daily water team watch this live be part
of the mailbag I'll respond to you in
real-time on the air on Thursdays when
we do the mailbag you get Andrew
clavin's show live and there are other
goodies that are going to be coming to
members in the near future so make sure
you go to daily wire comm and check it
out live the number one conservative
podcast in America
