now this one this is the thing I really
hate here's Olivia Wilde who's the
actress most famous from being in house
and and here she is talking about why
she is in favor of abortion this is one
of the more disgusting videos I've ever
seen
this election cycle I'm thinking a lot
about reproductive rights everyone's
right to plan when they want to have a
family and it's on my mind because I'm
literally about to have a baby like in a
minute to be able to decide okay so she
says that she's thinking about
reproductive rights one minute from
having a baby this is about as perverse
a notion as I could possibly imagine
that as you're about to have your child
you're thinking boy wouldn't it be great
if I could still kill this thing it's
really imperative that I be able to
still kill this thing you know Here I am
look how pregnant I am there's a baby in
here this is my beautiful child and I
was thinking maybe I should just kill it
you know it's really important that
women be able to kill at any time they
please she continues along these lines
not of course understanding really what
she's saying on a moral level ow and
when and why and where I want to have a
baby and I believe that is a basic human
right I care about reproductive rights
what do you care about if you care about
your future
go for it okay what I care about is not
killing babies and let me let me this is
going to be mildly graphic but this is
important because I'm sick of the
euphemisms okay it's not aborting a
fetus it's not getting rid of a ball of
tissues a ball of tissue okay this is
this what I'm about to show you right
now
is a picture of a baby okay this is a
baby that was that was it was a it was a
picture of a baby that was aborted by
Kermit Gosnell okay this is the Gosnell
was it was somebody who was not covered
by the media in any way shape or form he
was the most prolific serial killer
probably in American history and this
was a baby girl aborted by aborted by
Kermit Gosnell and he and the only
question was whether it was legal for
him to kill this baby or not and the
only question there was how old was the
baby and was the abortion done inside
the womb or outside the womb okay so
this baby I believe was after the 24 we
cut off but not by much so this is this
baby is let's see how how old this baby
is this is a
where where the an abortion went awry
she went to a hospital and the baby
ended up dying at the hospital by 24
weeks most babies born prematurely will
survive this is a late-term abortion
okay this is what her baby looks like in
the womb we can say that picture again
that's what that baby looks like no
there's a less graphic picture of what
an abortion looks like a more graphic
picture of what abortion looks like
involves the snipping off of the the
crushing of the skull the sucking out of
the brains it involves and these are
fully formed children these are fully
formed children I have two beautiful
children the idea that you get to murder
a kid okay no one has a right to choose
that picture go back to the other one no
one has a right to choose this no one no
one has a right to choose this you don't
have a right to choose this okay that's
a baby you don't get to kill it just
because it's convenient to you you're
never right to say I it's my decision
where and when and how to have the baby
that's an individual human being and if
that baby were outside the womb and you
stuck a knife through its chest we'd be
charged with first-degree murder you
kill it in the womb and we call it a
human right that's not a human right
because that's a human that human
doesn't have any rights because you just
decided it's rights are less important
than your right to your own convenience
despicable despicable and so I want to
we're now gonna play a game with the
left let's play let's play a little game
with the left the game goes like this
okay show the other image the game goes
like this
at which point should you be able to
kill this baby okay we're gonna play a
game called when should you be able to
kill this baby because I've been told by
people like Hillary Clinton that you're
able to kill this baby all the way up to
the very end right 32 to 30 weeks right
and that's when the baby is fully formed
it can be born alive it is a fully
formed human being I've watched two of
them come out of my wife these are human
beings these are not balls of tissue
these are not clusters of cells and I'm
sick of being told that it's just an
abortion I don't like the euphemisms
it's not a termination of a pregnancy
it's a termination of a human life okay
it's a murder of a human being when
you're talking about these babies and
and this idea that you get to choose
that look you got to choose a lot of
things in life you don't get to choose
another human beings death that's not
something you get to choose so when is
it okay to kill this when is it okay to
kill this is it okay to kill this thing
at week 14 when the heart is pumping
several quarts of blood through the body
every day
how about week 15 when the baby has an
adult's taste buds how about month four
when the bone marrow is beginning to
form how about that all right how about
that how about weeks nine and 10 when
the baby's teeth are already be
to form its fingernails already
beginning to develop we're talking about
two months old right the baby can turn
the head and frown the baby can hiccup
is that okay to kill
how about week four by the end of the
week for the the kid is already ten
thousand times larger than the
fertilized eggs was there's already the
beginnings of eyes and legs and hands
they're already brain waves detectable
mouth and lips are present fingernails
are forming how about week three by the
end of the third week the kids backbone
and spinal column and nervous system are
forming the liver and kidneys and
intestines are beginning to take shape
how about day twenty two the heart's
already beating with the child's blood
which may be of a different blood type
than the mother so we're in here exactly
do you think it's okay to murder that
kid because you have a personal
convenience issue where do you think
that you're right and I love I love the
glowing way she presents this Here I am
I can't be a bad woman because I'm
pregnant I can't hate babies I mean Here
I am I'm pregnant well if you don't hate
babies or if you if you're not
interested in killing them then why are
you in favor of people being allowed to
kill them because it's not a matter of a
woman's right to choose a slave-owner
didn't get to choose to hold slaves
Nazis didn't get to decide which Jews
got to live and don't give me the it's
legal therefore it's okay lots of things
were legal lots of things in human
history have been legal that we're
totally evil Kate is evil to suggest as
Hillary Clinton does that the minute
before a baby is born you should be able
to drag it by the feet out of the mother
except for the head stick a scissors in
there Ram it into the baby's skull rip
the skull open suck the brains out
crushing it and then pull it out that's
hella that the Hillary believes that
that's something you should be allowed
to do when I talk about stuff I hate
this is a grave sin it's a blot on the
American Republic it's a blot on the
morality of the American people that we
allow that we treat the killing of
unborn a the most literally the most
innocent among us literally the most
innocent among us we treat the killing
of these human beings as nothing more
than just an issue of convenience and
choice and and all the rest of it it's
just no more euphemisms no more
euphemisms and I wish to God that Mike
Pence would have said that instead of
citing to the Bible okay I have incited
the Bible one time cuz I don't think
that the Bible I think the Bible is
right but I don't think the Bible is the
important textbook here I think what's
important here is the science and I
think you're talking about the creation
of a unique human life
day one and you can see it and you can
see the growth and if you're willing to
point out to me where it is that this
becomes a human as opposed to a ball of
tissue then let's hear it let's hear
I've gotten tweets by the way I tweeted
this out earlier and somebody said well
the brainwaves only start at week 20 so
how about that you know what do you
think that people who are brain dead are
alive
well people who are brain dead don't
turn into not brain dead for three weeks
later would you kill somebody in a coma
because the brain dead but you know
they're not gonna be brain dead in four
weeks and ten weeks would you do that
would you pull the plug not him knowing
for a full-on fact if you just wait a
few weeks that person's gonna be fully
functional again would you do that and
it's just it's it's it's truly
incredible to me the way that we can
blind ourselves to this I remember why I
was at the I was at the 2012 DNC and and
I went to you know I was in Charlotte
and I walked past an exhibit and it was
pictures is the is the anti-abortion
crowd the pro-life crowd and they were
out there with with these pictures of
aborted babies and I walked past and I
thought what most people from big cities
thought I thought wow how gauche how
gauche I mean those are ugly pictures
should I really have to look at that in
the public square that's really ugly and
then I realized that that's probably how
people treated pictures of slavery back
in the 1850s that's probably how people
treated pictures of a Holocaust back in
the 1940s the bottom line is if it's
that ugly maybe you should do something
about it instead of whining about how
ugly it is and it's not a matter of
personal choice okay I have a stake and
whether my neighbor gets murdered and I
have a stake and whether my neighbor's
baby gets murdered too
