this has been a pretty gut-wrenching
election for conservatives it's not gut
wrenching because of Hillary Clinton we
know how awful and evil Hillary Clinton
is most of us have been thinking and
writing about how she's horrible for at
least you decades it's gut-wrenching
because of of course Donald Trump
Trump's candidacy raises two questions
that have rarely come into conflict for
conservatives first who will be war for
the country for the next four years and
second who will be worse for the
conservative movement and its political
vessel the Republican Party now normally
these two questions resolved in favor of
the Republican nominee of course the
first question who will be worse for the
country for the next four years is by
default the Democrat that's because the
Democratic Party only selects candidates
to the left people who believe in
never-ending government power and the
full scale destruction of individual
rights in pursuit of that power the
second question is usually obvious to
Republican candidates winning
strengthens the reach and power of the
Republican Party and therefore the
conservative movement this year the
questions aren't quite so simple
conservatives have actually broken down
into three groups one is that just say
yes Trump voters now many intelligent
conservatives say this is a pretty easy
call yes
Trump will be better than Hillary for
the next four years because how could he
not be at worst he won't be any worse
than Hillary at best he'll fulfill all
the promises he's made to the Heritage
Foundation on judges and the NRA on guns
and evangelicals on religious freedom as
my friends and as Prager puts it if you
have to choose between two doors the
first is a man-eating lion behind the
second is either a man-eating lion or a
beautiful woman you're gonna choose door
number two every single time as for the
second question whether Trump or Hillary
will be better for the Republican Party
they say there's no issue here either
Trump's victory doesn't endanger the
party good conservatives will stand up
to Trump when he strays if for example
he doesn't nominate a conservative for
the court Hugh Hewitt says Mitch
McConnell will stand up to him so
there's no downside risk to Trump
leading the GOP these same people
generally suggest that should Trump lose
the chances of another Republican ever
being elected great away as older voters
die and the voting base becomes more
diverse and redistricting moves forward
then there's the second group of
conservatives these are the just say no
Hillary voters right these are people
like Brett Stevens at The Wall Street
Journal and max food at the Council on
Foreign Relations
they say Trump will be worse than
Hillary they point to his personal
instability his ignorance his
constitutional apathy toward learning
his contentious relationship with the
truth Brett Stevens wrote weeks ago
quote the central issue in the
election isn't mr. Trump's ideas such as
they are it's his character such as it
is boots says quote he hasn't studied
how to be president in particular the
commander-in-chief part of the job he's
totally unfit to be commander-in-chief
the chances of a foolish war they think
under Trump are extraordinary then
there's the second question for them who
will be worse for the Republican Party
these Hillary voters point to Hillary's
political and competence in unpopularity
they say she'll probably be a one-term
president but our one term of Hillary
then eight years of disastrous Trump
reign let him lose what Republicans come
back in four years with a better
candidate then there are those of us in
the Third Way group right there are
people like me who simply can't vote for
either of these two most of these people
in this camp wake up in the morning
considering whether or not to vote Trump
we generally believe Hillary will be way
more damaging to the country than Trump
over the next four years but we do fear
the possibility that Trump could be
catastrophic it's possible we think the
Trump will likely govern as a centrist
Democrat we suspect he'll cave on judges
that helped broker deal with Democrats
that'll push us into a trade war that
he'll put forth an isolationist foreign
policy we think he'll work to undermine
the essential causes of life and
judeo-christian ethics even then he'd
probably be better than Hillary if only
by degree an answer to this question I'd
of course much rather than Donald Trump
one then there's the second question
Trump has spent a year convincing
conservatives to give up truth itself in
order to fight Hillary Clinton to sign
on to an amoral politics that disdains
decency or even conservatism he's
poisoned the well with young people with
minorities with women he's turned the
GOP into the party of Bush lied people
died Republican thought leaders are
carrying water for him the chances that
they'll suddenly discover their spines
when he becomes president Trump are
pretty much zero another eight years of
this we think will destroy the
Republican Party utterly and the
conservative movement and salty earth by
this logic for the sake of the
conservative movement and it's only tool
the Republican Party a Hillary election
would be preferable to a trump one an
answer to this question I'd rather that
Hillary won if only so that we can
rebound in opposition to a bad president
instead of permanently sacrificing our
principles in order to collapse into
support of a bad president note I said
I'd rather Hillary won on this score not
that I'd vote for her that's something
I'd never do I'd never vote Hillary
never even consider it because my vote
is not only a tool of political
calculation is my personal moral and
political affirmation I will never
affirm this despicable woman
and her plans to smother freedom and
extend the culture of death which leads
us to the third way the third way is to
simply rejected the idea of a binary
choice outright yes one of these people
will be the next president but that does
not recommend that we give one of them
our moral and premature as I've said for
months I plan on skipping the top of the
ticket neither one of these candidates
fulfills my basic requirements to be
president I won't vote Trump and I
certainly will never vote Hillary
Clinton that decision on Trump by the
way is always subject to changing
evidence Trump could change I think
that's probably unlikely but it could
happen or Republicans could change they
could stop humoring him they could they
could provide evidence that they'd stand
up to him in which case the threat of
his ascension is greatly diminished if
nothing changes however I'll remain torn
and Trump will continue tearing
conservatives and conservatism apart I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
all right so tons to get you today here
on the bench Shapiro show first we have
to say hello to our friends over at
tracker so my wife has an unfortunate
habit of losing her phone pretty much
every single day
and multiple times a day and this drives
me nuts I mean if you've ever been
married to somebody or are married to
somebody who loses stuff all the time
there's nothing more irritating than
you're about to get out the door and
they say Oh where's my wallet
oh where are my keys Oh where's my phone
that's what tracker is for it's the
tracker calm the tracker calm what it is
it looks like a button right it looks
like this let's bed size of a coin you
can attach it to your keys you can
attach it to your phone by the way and
it actually automatically turns your
phone ring or on if you activate it so
that means that even if you put your
phone on silent now you can't find it
what you want what you want is you hit
the button and now your phone rings and
you can find your phone it's super cool
I have this I bought a couple of extra
or I intend on doing so in the near
future for my wife really really neat
device the tracker calm promo code Ben
you get 30% off your entire order the
tracker comm and it's spelled just like
you'd think it was th e tracker comm tra
cker dot-com promo code Ben use promo
code Ben because that shows that you
actually went there from us and then
they continue to and then they continue
to advertise with us and keep all of our
unemployable deployed deplorable Xin a
job okay
so we may have reached the point in this
election cycle where tragedy turns to
it's possible we've reached that point
and when I said possible I mean we've
reached that point so so Ted Cruz is is
now out there and he's campaigning for
Donald Trump now to be fair he wasn't
really campaigning for Trump he was in
he was in a campaign office in Texas
doing the phone banking thing to show
people how much he cares about the
Republican Party in this election cycle
and it was caught on tape and here was
Ted Cruz trying to make phone calls
leaving messages for people and you got
the Trump Pen signs in the background
and in this video Ted Cruz legitimately
looks as though he's a small child
realizing for the first time that his
parents will eventually die hi this is
Ted Cruz called I was calling to
encourage you to come out and vote on
Election Day this election is critical
because the direction of our country
urge you to come out and support freedom
the Constitution and the Bill of Rights
you can vote by absentee ballot and if
you need help getting an application for
an absentee ballot the Republican Party
in Texas can help you with that or you
can vote okay there was a freeze frame
that's going around right before the end
you had a gives the the Ted Cruz sad
face them and now that was going around
the best tweet on this I don't know who
this guy is
urban achiever he's it record scratch
freezed for let's see if we can find it
it's in quite it's it's really clean
that one there you go yeah that's the
image that is the image that is now
headlining sites across the country Ted
Cruz realizing that life is meaningless
the universe is empty and after you die
you turn into dirt and so this tweet
from urban achievers says record scratch
freeze frame yep that's me
you might be wondering how I ended up
here who's personally senator Cruz a
good guy it's funny I'm sorry we've now
reached the point where this is actually
funny where everyone has been forced to
pay homage to to Donald Trump we all
have to bend the knee and Bay homage to
Donald Trump what's amazing about this a
paul ryan is supposed to campaign with
donald trump on saturday in wisconsin
the polls by the way look really bad for
donald trump lately the the 538 has
Hillary up five points nationally they
say this is starting to look like a
blowout unless he flips it on Sunday and
we'll talk in a moment about what he has
to do if he can
indeed save himself what exactly we have
to do to the to flip this on site what
he has to do to flip this on Sunday the
Paul Ryan is going out there and he's
gonna be pushing his better way agenda
standing next to Donald Trump which is
just the awkwardest thing in the world
remember Paul Ryan's guy who said that
Donald Trump engaged in what he called
textbook racism over his Mexican judge
comments and then there's Ted Cruz just
I need the image back I'm sorry you need
to bring it back yeah
there's Ted Cruz you know talking and
we'll we'll find it don't worry guys
because do you laughter you cry this is
the guy he's sitting there with Trump
inside in the background this is the guy
who's now sitting there phone banking on
behalf of the guy who said that his wife
is ugly and his dad murdered JFK and
it's just it's just I'm sorry it's just
it's too much it's just too much and
it's a Reince Priebus okay Reince
Priebus has somehow dragged all of these
screaming parties kicking and screaming
onto the deck of this Titanic just
before it hits the iceberg people are
trying to skip wildly and Ryan's like no
get up here I'm like okay okay okay and
that's the picture of a man realizing
his impending doom is afoot so hey sorry
gang it's just too much for me
I've been overcome by 2016 first the
death of Harambee and now this so it's
so here's the here's the problem okay
for Paul Ryan and Ted Cruz the real
reason they're doing this of course is
not because Ryan's previous to ask them
to do so it's because they have an eye
on they have an eye on 20/20 he's
campaigning by the way for Barton for
Congress he's not really campaigning for
Trump's it's not totally fair to Cruz
but the image is just too much but the
but the fact is that the reason that
Ryan and Cruz are doing this is because
they think that all of the donors are
gonna take revenge on them if they don't
endorse Donald Trump this is just silly
honestly it's silly like there's one
group of donors while really in the
Trump camp
the Mercer family they're very much in
the Trump camp for example and it's
possible that they'll be so upset at
people like Paul Ryan or people like Ted
Cruz that they'll never back those
people if they don't back Trump possible
I don't I don't even know if that's the
case but that's that's the speculation
anyway there are lots of donors all over
the country you think in three years
anyone's gonna
who voted for Donald Trump or supported
him after the primaries anyone Donald
Trump didn't even support really John
McCain in 2012 I mean in 20 2008 he may
have voted for Obama in 2008 right
Donald Trump was giving Hillary Clinton
money until 5 minutes ago and now we're
all told that if we don't jump on that
Titanic with him then we're disloyal
in 3 years nobody's gonna recall this
what will be recalled however is the
picture of Paul Ryan saying better way
and then hands up with with with Donald
Trump right holding the hands awkwardly
so it's it's just it's bad political
calculation everybody in politics hasn't
the attention span of a gnat and that's
that's true whether you're a politician
trying to look down the road or whether
you're a donor right now saying to
people like Cruz I'll never give you
money in a year and a half on Cruz is
running for Senate again they'll give
him money because and they would have
even if he hadn't endorsed because the
bottom line is Cruz a very good senator
so it's just I just have to point out
that this is it just demonstrates that
in the end everyone says Trump is
anti-establishment he's
anti-establishment the entire
establishment is backing Donald Trump
and except for the Bush family who no
one cares about at this point everyone
is backing Donald Trump and the
Republican Party is Foursquare behind
him okay so with that out of the way
let's talk a little bit a good trump at
Trump because he had a busy day
yesterday
all righty so we start with some bad
trim so I said earlier here's the face
yeah I know otherwise I get complaints
yeah there's the face for bad Trump okay
so we start with bad Trump so Donald
Trump's surrogates been going out there
saying the reason that Donald Trump
didn't pay taxes or may not have paid
taxes or see the billion dollar
deduction is because he's a genius
because he's brilliant Donald Trump's
tax advisor was on national TV he's
saying what I've been saying for a while
which is that's not a tax strategy okay
no one says no one gets up on January
1st and they say okay years beginning
how do I avoid taxes I'll lose a billion
dollars no one does that right he has an
accountant the accountant put down his
losses
he realized those losses and then that
counts against his his net income
operating so it is net operating losses
what they call it in any case here's
Trump's tax advisor explaining no it's
not genius it's not brilliant
it's called taxes so was he brilliant in
the way he used the tax code smart and a
genius no those returns were entirely
created by us created so what level of
involvement did he have virtually zero
virtually zero so the idea he says that
he knows how to work the tax code did
you see any experience did you see any
example or have any reason to believe
that he does know how to work or game
the tax code as much as he says he does
not what I dealt with him okay so he's
saying what's true obviously that he had
nothing to do with with his with his own
taxes and then he went back into the
crypt so that's the that's that's his
tax adviser okay so they they overplayed
their hands on this whole tax thing but
it's a it's a silly attack in the first
place Trump is not obligated to pay
extra taxes anybody who does pay extra
taxes is doing it wrong if you want the
government taking more of your money I
suggest that you just fill out that line
on your tax form where it says they can
give them more money than you have to
okay
other bad Trump so Donald Trump this is
all yesterday in Reno Nevada Hillary
Clinton has has cut an ad that picks on
Trump for going after John McCain on the
POWs stuff and and it's it's ineffective
at it's a world war two veteran who's
sitting there complaining about Donald
Trump having used this language he's
disrespected the troops
all right that's how Hillary every
Hillary ad now shows some sobbing person
talking about how Trump said something
mean one time and it's ruin their life
that's every Hillary ad now we should we
showed the one with the little girls who
are sitting around apparently developing
bulimia because Donald Trump's had Rosie
O'Donnell's fat or something and then
we've now had the one where World War
two veteran who went through POWs camps
in Germany is is very upset that Donald
Trump said bad things about POWs which
by the way is is perfectly normal guide
by assume that if I repeal W I'd be
upset too
in fact I'm upsetting I'm not appeal W I
think the Trump's are moron and you
should have apologized for a long ago
here's Donald Trump's response to that
attack ad and then I saw today I left
the room and I saw a commercial where it
was really a nasty commercial totally
made up about me with Vince there is
nobody that loves the vets more or
respects the vets more they're spending
hundreds of millions of dollars on false
commercials and it's a disgrace so what
we'll do I guess we'll sue them let's do
all right
okay no we should not just sue people we
should not just to people because we
because we disagree with what they say
I'm on the receiving end of such a
frivolous lawsuit right now from clock
boy
okay I'm not I'm not a big fan of this
routine I don't like what he said
therefore we're just gonna what do you
say folks let's sue him what kind of
garbage is this I mean I hate this
election cycle so much so before was
tragedy his comedy with Cruz now it's
just tragedy is tragedy I mean this is
we have on the one side Hillary Clinton
who wants to shut down every company
that uses political speech in a way she
doesn't like and on the other side we
have Donald Trump who wants to change
the libel laws to be like Britain so
anytime you say anything about anybody
they can sue you whether it's willful
and malicious or not it's just it's just
absolutely silly okay quick break here
we have to we have to we have a brand
new advertiser actually there's a really
cool service called texture calm so if
you're a big magazine reader you like
all you like all your magazines but you
want them in one place or you want us to
subscribe to to some new magazines but
you want to do it for cheaper well if
you want if you're kind of a binge
reader if you're somebody who binges
through magazine articles you're sitting
in doctor's office you have nothing to
do and you need a service to to get you
access to all of this this great
material from this huge variety may have
a full list of
all of the of all the magazines on
texture and this is the list of the
magazines on texture comm and it
includes ones that that I would not want
to subscribe to but would want to read
the occasional article from which is
what this is for for like Sports
Illustrated there's got family magazines
and fitness magazines women's magazines
you go to texture comm and they and what
they do is they they basically aggregate
all of these magazine articles and you
have access to all of them and right now
if you go to texture comm slash Bend
they give you a free trial right now you
can download the app to your phone you
can download it to your iPad you can
have it on your computer that free trial
is textured calm slash pen you get
immediate entry to all of the top
magazines as well as all of the back
issues all of the bonus video content so
you have full access to all of these
magazines and it's a lot cheaper than it
would be if you were to just subscribe
to each one of these magazines
individually obviously you can tap into
these magazines anywhere anytime using
your smartphone or tablet and you can
pick the articles that interest you most
really really cool service texture calm
/ bed make sure that you use slash pen
and texture is obviously spelled like
the word texture its texture calm / pen
again I read several of these magazines
I've already downloaded this thing and
it is a very very cool service so check
it out texture comm slash Ben okay final
mode so Donald Trump this is the end of
badge run but then we'll get some good
Trump bad Trump Donald Trump is in
Nevada it's pronounced at Nevada
apparently I know there are some people
who pronounce in Nevada and Nevada and
the VISAA they're from Great Britain and
they've in there drinking tea Donald
Trump decides that he's going to talk
about this for some odd reason while in
the state of Nevada memo to all those
political candidates trying to win votes
in the silver state Nevada not Nevada
Nevada State archivists guy Rocha says
he's blasted politicians for messing it
up in Nevada in Nevada in Nevada no
disrespect to the president but when
you're here you need to pronounce the
state's name all the way we do the
president got the word
get a ride in it if you want to get it
right
just ask the patrons at Heidi's
restaurant in Carson City Nevada Nevada
what happens when you hear somebody call
it in their pod and they don't live here
on the broadcast tonight from Nevada but
the name of this place comes from the
Spanish word Nevada meaning snowy but
according to the official NBC handbook
of pronunciation we published during is
very concerned with all of us Donald
Trump then goes forward and and actually
mispronounces Nevada Nevada
he says Nevada had had his rallies we
have the clip of Donald's from talking
about or no ok the clip is gone in any
case Donald Trump went out there and he
said he just he pronounces it correctly
Nevada and anyone who pronounces it
Nevada is wrong and then he says well
friend who missed it I had a friend who
made the mistake of calling it Nevada
one time he really meant Nevada and what
what are you doing ok so that's bad
Trump but there is some good Trump today
but to see the good Trump you have to
pass
that's the way this work so it's the see
Donald Trump did be good Trump you have
to go to daily wire calm we have some
epic stuff coming up the mailbag if you
want to be part of the mailbag he's
gonna send mail if you wanna send me
live questions you can do it right now
if you if you log in right now if you
subscribe right now then in 10 minutes
or so you could be sending me personally
questions and I will answer them to your
heart's content and make your life
wonderful you can do that at daily
wire.com we will also be I have an epic
abortion rant that I'm gonna be doing
sometime in here as well a lot of
materials you got two daily wired a calm
eight bucks a month and you can become a
subscriber and become part of our
magical team part of our magical podcast
daily wire.com
