during Tuesday's night's vice
presidential debate Indiana Governor
Mike Pence shined a spotlight directly
on former Virginia Governor Tim Cain's
extreme abortion position Penn said he
could not understand quote with Hillary
Clinton and now senator Cain at her side
why they would support a practice like
partial-birth abortion the very idea
that a child is almost born into the
world could still have their life taken
from them is just an athame to me
cain maintained that quote we really
feel like you should live fully and with
enthusiasm the commands of your faith
but it is not the role of the public
servant to mandate that for everybody
else first off that isn't even accurate
Kane stands with a candidate who has
said that millions of Americans must
change their religious persuasions in
order to encompass her view that men can
become women and women can become men
and gay people can marry each other but
beyond that pro-life does not require
religious belief it requires scientific
belief unborn children are still
children King didn't acknowledge that
instead he said he supported roe v--
wade which he mischaracterized as
allowing quote American women to consult
their own conscience that's not what Roe
does it allows American women to find
someone else's life their baby's life as
non life for whatever reason they choose
of course
Cain also now says he wants to reject
the so-called Hyde Amendment which makes
it which which says that federal funding
is necessary for abortion and which
means that it isn't just women making
decisions for their babies it's not
subsidizing those decisions so the whole
let's agree to disagree thing doesn't
even apply then most disgustingly the
Catholic Kane quoted the Gospel of
Matthew to tear into Donald Trump's
nutty declaration months ago women
should be prosecuted for abortion now
Trump was wrong on that but came quoting
the New Testaments in order to defend
the killing of the unborn isn't merely
disgusting it's blasphemous he's taking
the name of God in vain if you're a
religious Christian but Cain continued
along those lines in quote that's what
we ought to be doing in public life
living our lives of faith or motivation
with enthusiasm and excitement
convincing over dialoguing with each
other about important moral issues of
the day but on fundamental issues of
morality we should let women make their
own decisions except that as a society
we don't do that on fundamental issues
of morality women don't get to commit
murder because they decide to do so
women can't hold slaves women can't
redefine away inconvenient humans simply
because they have quote different moral
judgments by relegating the status of
fellow human beings to the do what you
feel category of government
undermines any concept of a government
worth defending no government that
refuses to defend human life is worthy
of existence i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show ah here we are it is a
brand-new jewish year and we started the
year off right with a vice presidential
debate
oh god it's eally at least the
christians do a right when they hit
january 1st it's a brand new year
everybody sort of takes one extra day
may they have fun we do our brand new
year we come back and watch Mike Pence
and Tim Cain debate about who's the
white or a guy ok so before we get any
further Birch gold obviously one of our
sponsors and so they do a wonderful job
if you're interested in investing in
precious metals then you need to talk
with our friends at Birch gold group
they can be reached at birchgold.com vir
CH and gold calm slash been their number
is eight hundred four nine six sixty six
sixty three and that's if you want to
invest in precious metals if you're
looking at the economy and it just
doesn't seem stable to you you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
risky stocks and bonds into the precious
metals IRA get all the information ask
all your questions they'll send you the
comprehensive sixteen page kit revealing
how precious metals can help protect
your savings everybody's savings should
at least be a little bit precious metals
mine is and Birch gold group is the
group that I would choose to invest with
precious metals they've an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau again
birchgold.com / Ben 800 496 66 63 don't
put all of your money obviously in
precious metals but put some of it in
there and if you're gonna do so talk to
my friends at birchgold.com / Ben make
sure that you use the / Ben so they know
that we sent you alrighty so last night
the huge long awaited vice presidential
debate okay so no one was awaiting it
and it was not huge and vice
presidential debates make no difference
but for the sake of this show we're
gonna pretend they do okay so here's the
vice presidential debates just to be
historically accurate they don't really
do anything to Tim Kaine Mike Pence
fighting it out when's the last time a
VP debate mattered well everyone likes
to cite Lloyd Bentsen and Dan Quayle
Lloyd Bentsen of course dropped that
famous line on Dan Quayle in the 1988
vice presidential debate where Quayle
said yeah he's really young but show but
JFK Jack Kennedy was really young and
Lloyd Bentsen said senator I knew Jack
Kennedy you're no Jack Kennedy right
oh my God he's not Jack Kennedy and
which is probably true wasn't doing LSD
in the White House and screwing interns
but aside from that it was this big you
know everybody went crazy how oh wow
Lloyd Bentsen what a great line okay
except that Lloyd Benson's candidate
Michael Dukakis went on to lose 40
states so VP debates don't matter very
much but maybe this one will matter
because Donald Trump has really hit the
skids Donald Trump his campaign is in a
lot of trouble he spent the last week
and a half of being an idiot he reverted
to type that was always the big question
here was was Donald Trump going to
revert to type and the polls are showing
that that's had a pretty significant
impact on his campaign there are two
separate polls out there now show that
he's trailing in Ohio which is not good
according to the the YouGov poll there's
a new YouGov poll the show nationally
she's up for but in the state she's
killing him she's up five in Michigan
five in Colorado four in New Hampshire
three in Wisconsin two in North Carolina
two in Florida two in Pennsylvania two
in Nevada one in Iowa which was supposed
to be a blowout State for him one in
Ohio tied in Georgia if that is anything
like reality Donald Trump has a serious
problem on his hands he's a pretty major
problem on his hand so he needed
something to shift the debate away from
the latest stupid thing that he decided
to tweet and and the debate I think
provides him that opening because Mike
Pence did what Donald Trump couldn't he
actually debated really well Tim Kaine
absolutely collapsed the former governor
of Virginia just looked awful all the
way through he looked like garbage he
couldn't stop interrupting Donald Trump
now I'm old enough to remember I am old
enough to remember when a somebody
interrupting a a moderator or
interrupting a fellow candidate a lot of
times that was mansplaining that was
sexism when Tim Kaine does it to Mike
Pence or to the moderator then it's
totally fine because he's a Democrat
here is in a montage of Tim Kaine not
shutting his piehole employed tens of
thousands of people in this country and
paid a billion dollars a year
the newly newly emboldened the
aggression of Russia whether it was in
Ukraine or know she had a Clinton
Foundation accepting contributions from
foreign governments supremest sort of
Hillary Clinton expanding the store
instead of violating the Constitution
can't know for certain who these people
are coming okay so hyperactive badger
Tim K not performing well I thought by
the way the funniest tweet last night
was somebody tweeted a picture of my
pens and they said Eminem really looks
terrible Mike Pence did a much better
job Mike Pence is very smooth my pence
is a former radio host so he knows how
to do this Tim Cain looked hot and
bothered the entire debate he looked a
little unhinged he looked angry the
entire time we're gonna go through the
debate there there are two things that
are worth noting one well they're really
3:1 Mike Pence is a normal conservative
politician and he wiped the floor with
Tim Kaine wiped the floor with him
so all these Trump fans people who are
ardent Trump supporters in the primaries
they were sitting around during this
debate going and this is great look what
this conservative normal conservative
politician can do and the rest of us
were like right we know we were there
you picked Trump right there are a bunch
of normal conservative politicians in
the primaries instead we got the one guy
who could make Hillary Clinton look
stable and composed okay that's that's
number one number two Mike Pence that
did a great job during this debate of
redirecting so every time he was
attacked about Trump he immediately
redirected to Hillary Clinton were gonna
show a lot of examples of that this is
what Trump should be doing in the debate
on Sunday so this should provide some
sort of roadmap for what Trump needs to
do in the second debate on Sunday we'll
talk about what he needs to do in the
second debate on Sunday third point to
make about all of this and this is the
one that did bother me and that is yes
Mike Pence won the debate of course Mike
Pence won the debate he was his his
points about Hillary Clinton were all
exactly correct his is his avoiding kind
of defending the stupid or comments that
Donald Trump has made that was smart but
he did what I like to call construction
of fantasy Trump and this is something
that a lot of people who I respect have
been doing and I find it just absolutely
obnoxious every time Tim Kaine would say
something true about Donald Trump it
wasn't just that Kay that that Mike
Pence would swivel from it to another
topic instead what Mike Pence would do
is pretend that it never happened like
Donald Trump didn't exist according to
Mike Pence a it's good news for me
according to my pencil
has never existed it's all been a
figment of our imagination all the
terrible things Donald Trump said during
the primary season they just went away
they never happened at all and you must
be crazy if you thought that they were
real they weren't real how dare you and
he's great at it he doesn't kind of
tut-tutting every so often you'll see
Mike punches just shake his head like I
can't believe this guy came I can't
believe what this guy Kane is saying
that Donald Trump is done it's like we
have him on tape doing it but that's
that's the routine and since this is a
non truth election since truth has no
bearing on this election whatsoever
the person who lied better about their
candidate last night did better and that
was and that was Penn's this
construction of fantasy Trump is one of
the things that drives me nuts
because it actually prevents the
consolidation of the conservative
movement like I understand Piatt for the
one millionth time now I think we have a
running count the one millionth time
celebration we hit 1 million the one
millionth time during this election
cycle I totally understand voting for
Trump to stop Hillary Clinton what I do
not understand is lying for Trump to
stop Hillary Clinton because I wouldn't
live for members of my own family and
I'm not gonna sell out my basic moral
principles in order to fib about a guy
who I think is kind of a crappy but you
know there are people who feel the
necessity to create this fantasy Trump
so there are people who I think are
really smart who do things like they say
well if Donald Trump would just talk in
detail about Egypt or Russia or Syria or
about Obamacare and then you say right
but he's not going to because he doesn't
have the capacity to do that and say Rep
but he could why don't you support him
you need to support him that's a great
but but the guy who you say exists
doesn't exist and the guy who does exist
you say doesn't exist they've created
this fantasy this kind of blow-up doll
of Trump and then they say well this
blow-up doll is real and if you say no
that's not that's just a blow-up doll
Trump is is real you can still say he's
there and he's bad but you gonna vote
for him anyway but don't tell me the
blow-up doll is Trump they say no the
blow-up doll is Trump and if you refuse
to acknowledge that this blow-up doll is
Trump they're helping Hillary saying
well no gang no I'm not he is by not
being a better candidate okay so you'll
see Mike Pence did some of that so we'll
jump right in Tim Kaine led off he
started talking about Hillary Clinton
and why he's so happy to be at the
debate this is a very special place 65
years ago a young courageous woman
Barbara John's
let a walk out of her high school mode
in high school she made history by
protesting school segregation
she believed our nation was stronger
together and that walkout led to the
Brown versus Board of Education decision
that moved us down the path toward
equality I am so proud to be running
with another strong history-making woman
Hillary Clinton to be President the
United States yeah Hillary Clinton has
nothing to do with that lady nothing so
he's thought he's immediately citing
some other woman and then he's going but
they both have vaginas that's why you
need to vote for Hillary ok very weak
opener and then he continues he's asked
why we should trust Hillary Clinton and
his answer is not good we trust Hillary
Clinton my wife and I and we trust her
with the most important thing in our
life we have a son deployed overseas in
the Marine Corps right now we trust
Hillary Clinton as president and
commander-in-chief but the thought of
Donald Trump as commander-in-chief
scares us to death ok both by the way
but Pence and Kaine have kids in the
military when Kane says that he trusts
Hillary with his son he just better hope
that his son doesn't get stuck in an
embassy in the middle of the night in a
country that Hillary invaded and then
forgot to care about because it was
politically inconvenient pence started
this way he started by by thanking
Donald Trump I also want to thank Donald
Trump for making that call and inviting
us to be a part of this ticket I have to
tell you I'm a I'm a small town boy from
a place not too different from farmville
I grew up with a cornfield my backyard
my my grandfather had immigrated to this
country when he was about my son's age
my mom and dad built a everything that
matters in a small town in southern
Indiana they built a family and a good
name and a business and and they raised
a family and I dreamed someday of
representing my hometown in Washington
DC but I honestly Elena I never imagined
never imagined I'd have the opportunity
to be governor of the state that I love
let alone be sitting at a table like
this in this kind of a position okay so
pence obviously is better this is better
speaker he addresses direct to camera
sometimes because he knows that the real
audience is out there now forgive me I
have my own you know print elections
when it comes to candidates I find pens
just personally kind of smarmy I look at
Kane and Kane drives me nuts because
Kane is obviously just out there like
he's hyper
active Pence's kind of soft-spoken smart
meanest hits me the wrong way the same
way that some for something for a lot of
people Ted Cruz is kind of smarmy
approach hit them in the wrong way it
hits me that way with pence too and I
can't I can't lie about that but he's
doing a much better job on any objective
level and then Cain keeps Kim keeps
coming back to here's why you should
trust Hillary Clinton and it keeps being
a giant fail here's Cain doing that
again Elena let me tell you why I trust
Hillary Clinton here's what people
should look at as they look at a public
servant do they have a passion in their
life that showed up before they were in
public life and if they held on to that
passion throughout their life regardless
of whether they were in office or not
succeeding or failing Hillary Clinton
has that passion okay so is we're
supposed to trust Hillary because she
has a passion for public life by turning
public life into a giant coffer for her
just a giant piggy bank for her very
very weak answer on that here's cane on
Donald Trump Donald Trump always puts
himself first
he built a business career in the words
of one of his own campaign staffers off
the backs of the little guy and that's a
candidate he started his campaign with a
speech where he called Mexicans rapists
and criminals and he has pursued the
discredited and really outrageous lie
that President Obama wasn't born in the
United States it is so painful to
suggest that we go back to think about
these days where an african-american
could not be a citizen United States and
I can't imagine how governor pence can
defend the insult driven selfish me--for
style of donald trump okay so what he's
saying is partially true right isn't
that he didn't say all Mexicans are
rapists and criminals but he's saying
about Trump and birtherism and all this
stuff
some of that's true look at Pence's
expression look up pence he's doing he
knows he's on split screen and he looks
like he's he just can't wait to jump in
right he's doing kind of smirk like I
know what kind of BS is this guy
spouting and as you're watching the
split screen if you don't know any
better you assume that Kane is not
telling the truth because he would say
such outrageous things such outrageous
things this was the fantasy Trump that
Mike Pence did a wonderful job of
creating last night this magical Trump
who didn't actually exist in reality and
he continued along these lines the the
moderator who is awful kahan Oh Elaine
Quijano she asked Trump about about
ask Penn's about Trump's personality and
here's Pence's answer governor pants let
me ask you you have said Donald Trump is
quote thoughtful compassionate and
steady yet 67% of voters feel he is a
risky choice and 65% feel he does not
have the right kind of temperament to be
President
why do so many Americans think mr. Trump
is simply too erratic well let me let me
say first and foremost that the senator
you and Hillary Clinton would know a lot
about an insult driven campaign it
really is remarkable and at a time when
literally in in the wake of Hillary
Clinton's tenure as Secretary of State
where she was the architect of the Obama
administration's foreign policy we see
entire portions of the world
particularly the wider Middle East
literally spinning out of control I mean
the situation we're watching hour by
hour in Syria today is is a result of
the failed foreign policy in the weak
foreign policy that Hillary Clinton
helped lead in this administration and
create okay so look at Kane Kane looks
pissed right Kane looks angry he looks
sullen he looks annoyed by what by what
pence is saying now notice pence didn't
even remotely come close to answering
the question right the question was why
do you think that Trump isn't erratic
and his answer was Hillary Clinton's
foreign policy is garbage this is what
pence is smart at every every time he
was asked about Trump he redirected over
to Hillary Clinton very very smart if if
Trump does the same thing on Sunday
he'll be in much better shape now we've
got to take a quick break here and say
hello to our friends over at ring so
this morning actually this morning I got
a notice on my phone that somebody was
ringing our doorbell at six o'clock in
the morning and and I got the notice on
my phone because we have ring and we
have the ring of security can't we have
ring calm and and it's fantastic I was
able to immediately step out of the
meeting that I was in and hit it and see
who was at the front door make sure
there was somebody safe
that's what ring does most home
burglaries happen after somebody hits
the ring and it hits the hits the
doorbell and then they realize nobody's
home and they burgle your house what
this does number one it allows you to
see who's there number two it allows you
to mimic as though you're actually home
because you can talk to the person so
they'll leave you alone and number three
it gives you a feeling of security
knowing that you're always covered so
you can get this this ring of security
kit which is really great it's a radio
ring video doorbell for the front door
and a stick-up cam
which is a wireless weatherproof HD
camera which keeps an eye on the other
parts of your property and they install
in minutes they're very easy to install
have done it myself it's helped us a lot
obviously my wife tends to and mclee
high-profile guy which means that
there's we're constantly afraid of
creepy people coming with big security
system at our house plus a shotgun and
ring is part of that security system for
sure right now if you go to rings comm
slash Bend you can get a hundred and
fifty dollars off a ring of security cap
which is a really great deal one hundred
fifty bucks off the ring of security ket
ring comm slash Ben make sure you use
slash Ben so they know that we sent you
and it is a great product I mean it's
it's a products that I swear by my wife
loves it ring is it's so good that we
get free products from ring we actually
went out and bought extra products
ourselves you spend our own money on it
because we believe in the product so
much it's ring comm / ben if you want to
participate in that so mike pence is
trying desperately to avoid being
connected with Donald Trump and Tim
Cain's entire stick last night we should
try and connect mike pence with Donald
Trump so here is the key line for Tim
Kaine right here this is this is his key
line you are Ronald trunk time supremacy
let me talk about okay so he says your
Donald Trump's apprentice the problem is
of course Kansas delivery is awful he
should say that seriously should say you
know Mike your Donald Trump's apprentice
you've humiliated yourself on behalf of
Donald Trump and for an honorable
upstanding guy like you to do that is
really something or I mean you should
have drop the hammer on him King can't
do it but one of the questions from this
debate is going to be he's going to be
yes pence won the debate walking away he
appeared more serious Kane appeared
frivolous and will we have plenty more
to go through here we'll talk about it
but but did Kane do damage to Trump
pence was attacking Kane and Hillary he
may have done damage to Cain Cain was
attacking not pence really he was
attacking Trump he brought for every
comment Trump has ever made that was bad
now Cain looks uncomfortable in the role
of attack dog he doesn't look like he's
capable of doing it well but if you
actually hear what came in saying you're
just a normal voter does this make you
feel more secure with Trump it might
make you feel more secure with pens does
it make you feel more secure with Trump
I don't think it goes that far because I
don't think VP candidates ever really
make you feel that much more secure ok
we gotta let you go now you got a little
extra time here but if you go to daily
wire com become a subscriber right now
eight dollars a month
you go to daily wire you can watch the
show live we continue after after this
break
plus you become a subscriber and that
means that you can participate in our
mailbag we do a live mailbag tomorrow in
a couple of weeks you're gonna get some
special benefits too so daily wire comm
is the place to be eight bucks a month
to become a subscriber at daily wire
calm and we are the largest and most
prominent conservative podcasts in
America
you
