you know I was standing around the other
day sticking a nail into my eye when I
found myself wondering how can I get
this exact same experience without
getting all this blood over my shirt
then it came to me it was time for
another visit to our favorite web site
everyday feminism everyday feminism is
the website that includes articles
accompanied by an editor's note and so
help me my hand to heaven I am NOT
making this up articles that are
accompanied by an editor's note that
warns readers quote this article is
written by a cisgender woman about the
social expectations that she experiences
having a vagina please keep in mind that
not all women have vaginas and not all
people with vaginas are women and their
experiences may differ unquote now I
know what you're thinking you're
thinking whoa that is so painfully
stupid reading it felt almost like
sticking a nail into my eye so now you
get the idea today's article from
everyday feminism is called you don't
have to hate women to be sexist everyday
ways you may be sexist without knowing
it now of course it's very true you
don't have to hate women to be sexist
but after reading this article you
probably will so that should make things
a lot easier the article explains that
even though you like women and may even
support one of them and help her raise
the children she mysteriously keeps
coming up with from somewhere you may
still be committing microaggressions
against her by treating her as if she
were a woman instead of treating her
like a man who for some reason keeps
producing children through the vagina
she may or may not have having this
woman explained to you that you're
committing microaggressions against her
is very important because it reminds you
that you may have forgotten to tell her
to stop talking take a moment and tell
her now and the microaggressions will go
away according to the article
microaggressions may quote take the form
of jokes like telling a woman to get
back in the kitchen unquote clearly this
illustrates a lack of communication
between men and women because apparently
some women think this is a joke that's
why their men start getting hungry and
cranky which may explain some of the
microaggression this situation would be
alleviated if the women would get back
in the kitchen
and make a damn sandwich actually
there's a very helpful articles another
common form of sexist microaggression
the article says is chivalry acts of
chivalry like opening doors for women or
for dinner our quote small acts of
condescension steeped in assumptions
that women are delicate incapable and
need to be tended to unquote this of
course is ridiculous women we're
delicate and needed to be tended to they
would go around blaming their
unhappiness on make-believe acts of
aggression no one else could see and
they would never do that
unless they were feminists who of course
are very delicate they need to be tended
to
so that's everyday feminism you may now
return to sticking a nail in your eye
trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
hooray rah it's our 200th episode we
spare no expense in this show 100
episodes
I got like cake and people threw
confetti at me it's doing and we
actually going to show you for our 200th
episode and I haven't seen this yet we
have the making the making of our theme
song so let's let's see how this theme
song came into be
no Muslims were hurt in the filming of
that video oh maybe one of them we may
have just shot one of them at the very
end I think that's what it was just for
the sound effect though right yeah that
was at the entire Tiffany's in the
entire day Lee Weyer staff to make that
video so you should appreciate it every
time you read all right we're gonna talk
about the debate the vice presidential
debate what were we talking about
oh the vice presidential debate all
right who won does anybody care and then
with a big store there's a big store
that actually nobody is covering we'll
talk about that as well and it's mailbag
day the mailbag you know Lindsay is
coming to visit on Monday I think so
we'll actually we should washi said we
should record whoo-whoo-whoo so we can
actually play it on because you guys
suck I mean I just ya know no offense or
anything but just alright what else so
you can watch on Facebook and YouTube
for 15 minutes and then your eyes will
just go black and you don't see anything
but you can come to the Daily wire and
hear the rest or you can download us on
iTunes or SoundCloud but if you
subscribe it's so easy 30 days for free
you can watch the whole thing as it's
happening on The Daily wire come back
you can come back later right and it's
still there you can see the whole thing
on The Daily wire and it's just 30 days
for free and then a lousy eight bucks
and I'm signing all the stickers I'm
almost through signing the stickers for
the books that were pre-ordered the
great good thing a secular Jew comes to
faith in Christ I'm getting sick and
tired of plugging myself which I hate
doing so this will be like but the last
week I'll probably be plugging it and if
you forget you're gonna miss the great
experience of reading this memoir people
so how many people are writing me
telling me this book is changing their
lunch which I maybe maybe their lives
were great before and now they suck I'm
not sure but at least there's a change
going on all right so who won pence won
the debate
right yeah pence won the debate I mean
Cain you know the thing about the
Clinton campaign is there so practiced
like everything they do is written and
you can just you can hear the strategy
session going on it's like sometimes you
watch a movie and you can hear the
development meeting taking place behind
the scenes you know this is kinky my
news obviously his strategy was to
interrupt and goad pence
doing something getting angry so that
hence they could say oh these are two
guys out of control like a squirrel was
somebody counted them just a little bit
overrun by Isis Hillary claims other
strategy was to go after Trump a lot of
which you know that's that's a good
strategy a lot of a lot of canned lines
but here was his attack on on Trump yeah
they came on Trump number three and I
just want to talk about the tone that
set from the top Donald Trump during his
campaign is called Mexicans rapists and
criminals
he's called women slobs pigs dogs
disgusting I don't like saying that in
front of my wife and my mother he
attacked an Indiana born federal judge
and said he was unqualified to hear a
federal lawsuit because his parents were
Mexican he went after John McCain a Pio
W and said he wasn't a hero because he'd
been captured
he said African Americans are living in
hell and he perpetrated this outrageous
and bigoted lie that President Obama is
not a US citizen if you want to have a
society where people are respected and
respect laws you can't have somebody at
the table who demeans every group that
he talks about and I just again I cannot
believe that Governor Pence will defend
the insult driven campaign that Donald
Trump has run so a lot of commentators
especially on the Left which is where
most commentators are but a lot of them
said you know well Pence didn't defend
Trump and there are two reasons for that
one of the
when in some of the things trumpet said
her indefensible I mean he's got a big
mouth and he says stupid things all the
time so why should he defend him but
also it's not his job to go on defense
this is job to constantly be on offense
that is how you win a debate and that is
what Trump didn't do this is Trump stick
so here's Pence's response to this stuff
he says ours isn't as an insult driven
campaign did you all just hear that
ours is an insult driven campaign I mean
to be honest with the abdominal Trump
had said all the things that you said he
said in the way you said he said them he
still wouldn't have a fraction of the
insults that Hillary Clinton level when
she said that half of our supporters
were a basket of deplorable it's that
she said they were irredeemable they
were not America I mean it's
extraordinary and then she laid one
after another ISM on millions of
Americans who believe that we can have a
stronger America at home and abroad who
believe we can get this economy moving
again
who believe that we can end illegal
immigration once and for all so senator
this is this insult driven campaign I
mean yeah we're that small potatoes
compared to Hillary Clinton calling
Donald Trump supporters that basket of
deploy help why are you watching Donald
I mean that is how it's done you know if
he had said even if he had said half the
things so he doesn't deny it says even
if he had said half the things it
wouldn't be as bad as calling all or
some and and numerically that's right
you know you call one judge you know a
damn Mexican or whatever was Trump said
about the guy yeah that is that
deplorable absolutely but you call all
of those those supporters half those
supporters deplorable
you know numerically you're right it was
it was good stuff and if Trump had
anything like that kind of style
if Trump had anything like that kind of
stuff he would blow Clinton off the
stage you know people were talking about
in a debate like this the moderator
Elaine Quijano from CBS and a lot of
people on the right at this point
complaining about moderators and the
press is knee-jerk because you're always
right so it's like it's like hitting it
it's not like hitting a barn door it's
like hitting the sky
you can't miss if you're attacking the
media for bias because they're always
biased but I have to
I thought under the circumstances what
she buys yes she was some of her
questions
- but pence were more challenging than -
Kane
she let Kane go wild and she stopped
depends constantly whenever he went
overtime you know she was she was biased
but it looked to me more like
unconscious bias than the kind of attack
candy crowley stuff that we usually see
so i thought she was okay but the one
thing i just want to point out there was
a poll today that came out really
interesting poll nearly 3/4 of Americans
and this sounds like a tangent but it's
not nearly 3/4 of Americans don't trust
that there is a large scientific
consensus amongst climate scientists on
human behavior being the cause of
climate change in other words most
people three-quarters of Americans have
not bought in to the climate change
thing and the reason I bring this up is
because the press threw everything it
has at this it just like brexit they
threw the kitchen sink at that this was
the government's chance to take over the
the left chance to take over the energy
industry to leave - already tried to
take over healthcare they've come very
close to taking over health care this
was their chance and if they could just
make you screen go screaming through the
street that if you drove a car or if
somebody fracked or if somebody drilled
for oil it was gonna destroy the world
that they could just make you believe
that it was worth it so they called us
deniers they you know they compare us to
Holocaust knives they did everything
three-quarters of the people don't buy
it so it's right we should continue to
attack the bias because these guys are a
bunch of lying scum that's that's the
first thing I mean you know come on you
know it's it's it's frustrating to have
these guys from the New York Times with
their excellent education and their
incredible suits and their expensive
hair cuts just come to work my lie to us
and try to tell us that you know brexit
is gonna destroy the economy and trump
is you know like the King Kong and all
and the world is falling apart if we
don't give them all the power they want
you know that's it's offensive on its
face but it doesn't mean that people are
gonna buy it and I've told the story
before but when I was a reporter I
remember walking into a Cracker Barrel
store and a guy sitting there literally
playing checkers on a Cracker Barrel
turned to me and made fun of me for
being a reporter and he said if I opened
the newspaper and it says there was a
train crash I think well maybe and I
think that's the way people look at the
press and their right to the press a lot
all right so back to the debate so
that's just a comment on the comment on
the moderator and how bad this always is
the thing is is that hence also one
because the Obama record and Nick which
Clinton has to partake of because she
hasn't said anything that's going to
change the Obama record is so bad and
that's the thing you know let's listen
to pence on the economy just because he
was so much more realistic than the
media has been or anybody has been on
the economy I think he's a very fitting
running mate for Hillary Clinton because
in in the wake of a season where
American families are struggling in this
economy under the weight of higher taxes
and Obamacare and the war on coal and
the stifling avalanche of regulation
coming out of this administration
Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want more
of the same it really is remarkable that
they actually are advocating a trillion
dollars in tax increases which I get
that you you tried to raise taxes here
in Virginia were unsuccessful but a
trillion dollars in tax increases more
regulation more of the same war on coal
and more of Obamacare you know and on
terrorism also Kane on terrorism to try
to defend the record on terrorism by
going back to Osama bin Laden not only
did they kill Osama bin Laden they keep
digging them up and killing them again
all right all right I'm sorry you know
stop killing me over here is Kane on the
Hillary's record on terrorism which is a
terrorist threat is decreased in some
ways because Ben Laden is dead the
terrorist threat is decreased in some
ways because an Iranian nuclear weapons
program has been stopped
the terrorist threat to United States
troops has been decreased in some ways
because there's not a hundred and
seventy five thousand in the dangerous
part of the world there's only 15,000
but there are other parts of the world
that are challenging let me tell you
this to beat terrorism there's only one
candidate who can do it and
Hillary Clinton remember Hillary Clinton
was the senator from New York on 9/11
she was there at the World Trade Center
when they were still searching for
victims and survivors that seared onto
her the need to beat terrorism and she's
got a plan to do it she was part of the
national security team that wiped out
bin Laden
here's her plan to defeat ISIL first we
got to keep taking out their leaders on
the battlefield she was part of the team
that got bin Laden she'll lead the team
that will get Abu Bakr al Baghdadi the
head of Isis second we got to disrupt
financing networks third disrupt their
ability to recruit on the on the
Internet in their safe havens but but
fourth we also have to work with allies
to share and surge intelligence that's
the Hillary Clinton plan she's got the
experience to do it so this brings me to
this story that's been buried basically
but we can't tell it to you until we say
goodbye to our friends on Facebook and
YouTube and we'll see you over at the
daily water
