it's October and that means Halloween a
time of fantastical horror when the
worst creatures of the human imagination
rise from their night black layers to
spread terror and destruction until one
of them is elected president it's
typical at this time of year to
recommend some spooky entertainments to
help you set the eerie mood for the big
night when we all head to the voting
booth to demand we'd be given some free
treats lest we throw toilet paper over
the White House although it's hard to
imagine how we'll ever find enough
toilet paper to clean up what's going to
be coming out of the White House for the
next four years so here's the selection
of delightfully chilling movies that
will turn your thoughts to mayhem and
death and take your mind off the really
bad stuff that's happening on the
political scene first you'll want to
view the Exorcist part 7 this is the
story of a female Democrat presidential
candidate who's possessed by a demon
such that her face becomes a scarred and
terrible mask of hellish torment while
her head and her political positions
spin around in unnatural directions
until she vomits green slime and
impossible promises over everyone around
her
finally a priest who has lost his faith
is called in to deal with the nightmare
but bizarrely the priest takes one look
at this soulless wreck of a human being
and says there's absolutely nothing
wrong with her then returns to his day
job as editor of the New York Times
at last the possessed politician becomes
so twisted around that her head is
actually planted between her buttocks
then she's elected president next you'll
want to see psycho for the story of a
female Democrat presidential candidate
who dies of old age and is then stuffed
and carted from campaign event to
campaign event where her handlers move
her body around and her top aide and
necrophiliac lesbian lover imitates her
voice to make people think she's still
alive in the horrific climax the dead
woman goes on a vengeful rampage
destroying everyone and everything
around her then she's elected president
and of course you don't want to neglect
the classics so make sure to watch Bride
of Frankenstein returns this is the
story of a former president so desperate
to return to office that he hires a mad
scientist to build him a wife out of the
mutilate
blood-soaked limbs and organs of dead
ideas when the hideous construction is
done the female creature has run up
through the castle battlements in a
lightning storm until a jolt of
electricity transforms her into a
bizarre simulation of a living being
ultimately the poor monster takes one
look at herself in the mirror and
screams an endless horror at the corrupt
and empty Beast she is then she's
elected president those are just a few
of the horror movies you can watch this
month that will help prepare your mind
for that scariest of all nights when
disgusting and horrid monstrosity like
vampires witches and Donald Trump roam
the earth until in a final crescendo of
unimaginable abomination but I don't
want to give away the ending trigger
warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
life is hunky-dunky when you think about
it you know it's actually a
philosophical position well you know the
Clavin last weekend is past and probably
the worst thing that happens you know
it's like from the country falling apart
and all that stuff
Vin Scully retired the LA Dodgers
announcer for 67 years and Andrew
Breitbart s-- possibly his greatest hero
I mean Andrew Breitbart loved this guy
he had heroic fantasies of like making
movies about Vin Scully he just loved
them and one of the reasons he loved him
is because he was a conservative he was
a genuine conservative here is just 20
seconds of Vin Scully announcing between
pitches this is between pitches right to
a batter from Venezuela and he says
what's it like to be this guy and read
about how Venezuela is going down the
drain and then he says this socialism
failing to work as it always does this
time in Venezuela you talk about giving
everybody something free and all of a
sudden there's no food to eat and who do
you think is the richest person in
Venezuela the daughter of Hugo Chavez
hello
anyway Owen - Owen - is like more truth
between pitches than Obama has so Vin
Scully one of the great truly one of the
great broadcasters of all time he
retired and all right we're gonna be
talking a lot of culture that Owen it's
the Jewish New Year so happy New Year to
Jewish Shapiro is not coming in today
right you see this is this is the
problem with the alt-right they they
hate the Jews but they can't explain how
these people have taken over the world
and they never come to work it's like
every other day it's a holiday they take
over the world in their spare time
you know so so why then is why then -
the white race is superior I can't
understand the whole philosopher
nevermind all right we're gonna talk a
lot of culture today we have we are
building in the process of building a
satellite so we can bring in Mike our
cultural reporter michael knowles from
the writers room 25 feet away we have to
bounce the signal off the planet Neptune
before we can actually go to Knowles and
it doesn't always work but if we can
we'll have min that will come after you
lose our our video feed on Facebook and
YouTube you have us here for 15 minutes
and then you were cast into the exterior
darkness where there will be wailing and
gnashing of teeth but you can come
through the daily wire and hear the rest
there or you can download us from iTunes
or SoundCloud if you want the whole
thing in video live on the daily wire
come to the daily wire and subscribe it
is only it's free for 30 days and only a
lousy eight bucks after that I mean come
all right I will do you know I plugging
myself as one of my least favorite
things I hate doing it I always forget
to do it but I'm going to do it for a
couple more days to ask you to go out
and get the great good thing my memoir
the great good thing a secular Jew comes
to faith in Christ
people are writing me every day telling
me that this has really moved them and
some of them saying it has changed their
lives and that too is just a couple of
bucks and you get your life change and
look let's face it your life needs
changing I mean he or you wouldn't be
you'd be doing something more important
than listening to this right I mean all
right all right so everyone is going
insane this election is now coming into
it's kind of the homestretch and
everyone is going out of their mind we
talked last week about Donald Trump
flipping out over this Miss Universe
first she was Miss Venezuela then she
was Miss Universe then she was Miss
Piggy she was the mistress who ate too
much and he and he's still tweeting
about like three in the morning he's
tweeting about her but in the aftermath
of this Vic what everybody says was a
victory for Hillary Clinton in the first
debate and let's not forget okay that
Mitt Romney destroyed Barack Obama in
the first debate so the first debate is
only the first debate and she seems like
she's getting the there weren't any
really new scientific polls over the
weekend it seems like she's getting a
bit of a bump it was not only the debate
it was the way he reacted by going nuts
about this thing but now they're the
other side is gone quit the New York
Times is going out of their mind they
are going out of their mind last last
week I think it was Thursday I read an
old New York Times article about how
Hillary Clinton
mind the people that bill clinton abused
the women that bill clinton abused so
while they're attacking Donald Trump
from aligning this Miss Universe in fact
Hillary Clinton targeted and attacked
and organized these horrible horrible
attempts to discredit the women who Bill
Clinton assaulted essentially I mean she
assaulted he abused them some one of
them says he raped her you know and it's
their fault you know Hillary Clinton
makes it their fault the New York Times
went out and rewrote that article today
it is this virtually the same article
except now it is restyled to let
supporters know how to spin this in a
good way how Hillary Clinton's this
headline how Hillary Clinton grappled
with Bill Clinton's infidelity and his
accusers how this poor poor woman who's
just like you or me folks just like
every woman when her husband steps on
Donald J Trump
it says the Republican presidential
nominee criticized mrs. Clinton over
mrs. mr. Clinton's affairs and her
response to them and said he might talk
more about the issue in the final weeks
before the election that could be a
treacherous strategy for mr. Trump given
his own past infidelity and questionable
treatment of women he didn't go out and
torture these poor women you know the
women slept with him that's like nominee
none of my business you know all right
but many voters particularly women might
see mrs. Clinton being blamed for
husband's conduct I love it when the New
York Times advises Republicans on how
they should lose the election you know
it could also remind voters of a searing
period in American history and in mrs.
Clinton's life Oh boohoo I mean come on
confronting his spouse's unfaithfulness
is painful under any circumstances for
mrs. Clinton it happened repeatedly and
in the most public of ways on you know
they're trying to reclaim that burst of
sympathy she got for being cheated on
while she was trying to destroy these
women as they not only reported then
they report now in this article again
they tell the same story they just
twisted it's all written like that and
then they've got this tax story now I
may be alone on this all I'm trying to
do I haven't I have no dog in this fight
I really don't I mean like I said I'm
viscerally rooting for Donald Trump
because I hate the elites and I hate the
media so much but these are too awful
people I'm not gonna you know whitewash
I don't you know the next 40 years we're
gonna have a bad president that's what's
gonna happen we're gonna have a bad
president but I I may be alone in saying
this but the New York Times got got
somebody mailed them Trump's 93 pages of
trumps 1995 tax returns so we're now
talking about 20 years ago these are 21
years ago this is how they write the
story how Donald Trump turned the tax
code into a giant tax shelter so just
think about that for a minute how he
turned the tax code into a giant tax
shelter he took used the tax code right
does he broke the law he didn't break
the law they even they say says and now
here is how this one is written you
gotta love these guys so this used to be
a newspaper I swear I swear with in my
memory this was once a new newspaper New
York Times former newspaper now it is
this trash listen to this now we know
okay don't here it comes folks Donald J
Trump racked up losses so huge in the
early 1990s that he wouldn't have had to
pay federal or New York state income tax
on nearly a billion dollars in income
what so he racked up losses he got to
deduct them right none of this seems to
have made the slightest dent in mr.
Trump's opulent lifestyle over the years
it's hard to imagine a starker contrast
with the vast number of Americans who
struggle to both pay taxes and make ends
meet or a more damning indictment of a
tax code that makes this possible mr.
Trump's pattern of generating losses and
using them to offset other income that's
how the tax code works if you make a
loss if you're a businessman you can
deduct your losses from your taxes it's
obvious it says it's as if this
continued if this continued as seems
likely it's obvious why he has not
released his tax terms not because he's
being audited or because the returns are
too complicated but because he hasn't
paid any taxes they don't even know this
they don't know there's all they're
talking about is there is a law that if
he lost like a billion dollars because
his casinos went bust okay if they're a
businessman takes a loss he can prorate
that loss over the next several years so
if you lose a bill
in dollars you can take that off your
taxes by the way this law which has been
in place since 1916 I think it is has
been added to by Democrats and
Republicans over the years because it
helps businessmen who are in seasonal
businesses like real estate you know
these are businesses that go up and down
yeah big ups you get big downs you have
to be able to deduct your losses or you
go out of business you go out of
business guess what all the people who
work for Donald Trump are unemployed you
know to me this is a non store but
here's how McCaskill like this is
Senator Claire McCaskill speaking for
Hillary Clinton here's their spent well
if you look at the way Donald Trump has
conducted business he crashes businesses
into bankruptcy
leaving scores of businesses unpaid
people really hurting with the losses
his companies have suffered but he walks
away unscathed and it appears he walks
away with a golden ticket that allows
him under the tax code to avoid taxes
for decades I think that the key here is
how is he gonna fix it well look at his
tax plan guess her with tax plan
benefits billionaires they've been in
his tax plan benefits Donald Trump that
should be no surprise to anyone since
that is the way he sees the world he
doesn't care about those small
businesses he didn't pay he doesn't care
about the people who lost millions of
dollars in all of his bankruptcies he
cares about Donald
so here's now here's the Trump spin from
Rudy Giuliani this is perfectly legal
and the times makes that point about 26
paragraphs into the opinion number two
The Times fails to point out that he has
an obligation as the head of a business
to take advantage of and to use the
lawful deductions and tax advantages
that are available to you I advise my
clients to do that
because if they don't do it they get
sued by their co investors by their
investors they lose jobs for their
employees and the reality is this is
rather common in large gigantic American
businesses cap loss carryforwards
but might remember you might remember a
few years ago was pointed as that GE
paid no taxes yeah so so the reality
is this is part of our tax code the
man's a genius he knows how to operate
the tax code for the benefit of the
people he's interest okay now all I want
to say is this I'm not making any
excuses for Donald Trump the way Donald
Trump is behaved over the last week make
me think there's something really wrong
with the guy they got that he can't stop
in a presidential race tweeting at 3
o'clock 5 o'clock in the morning
whatever it was tweeting about some Miss
Universe thing that happened 20 years
ago that is not a strategy that's a
symptom that is a symptom of
narcissistic personality disorder
Hillary Clinton was advised by
psychologists or psychiatrists in her
debate prep prep she baited him she went
after him narcissists can't stand to be
criticized they have to set the record
straight and that's what he's doing but
and I will finish that sentence in just
a minute but first I have to say goodbye
to our friends on Facebook and YouTube
come over to the Daily wire and hear
what comes after the but and Michael
Knowles will be here
