now let me stipulate one thing I I don't
think that Christine Ford is the villain
in this situation I think she's made
decisions and behaved in a way that it's
pretty inexcusable but the villains are
the Democrats and they obviously are
using her they are happily eagerly
destroying Brett Kavanaugh and they're
pretending suddenly to care about women
even though they didn't care about women
when Bill Clinton was raping them
allegedly they didn't care about women
when Ted Kennedy drowned one in his car
so now they're pretending to SAR they're
liars
but what makes this even more disgusting
what makes this just so dark and evil is
the reason why they are doing this yeah
the reason is they want to prevent
obviously Cavanaugh for being confirmed
but why do they want to prevent why are
they so desperate to prevent it in fact
they're so desperate to get rid of
Cavanaugh with it now there's a few
Democrats have gone on the record now
and said that even if Cavanaugh is
confirmed when the Democrats are in
control of Congress they're going to
investigate him anyway that's how
desperate they are to get rid of him
that they will investigate a sitting
Supreme Court justice for because of
allegations from 35 years ago
