thanks to all of the pyrotechnics at the
first presidential debate on Monday
night and thanks to Donald Trump's
Chernobyl style meltdown over his IRS
records and his business history his
Iraq war position and the fact that he
acted like basically a general baboon it
was easy to overlook the insane
proposals put forward by Hillary Clinton
we shouldn't Hillary openly advocated
some of the most radical propositions in
American history here are six of them
first profit-sharing
Hillary advocated quote making the
economy fairer in promoting that stupid
notion it's stupid because mutually
consensual exchange is by nature fair
from any objective point of view she
pushed raising the national minimum wage
which would throw thousands of people
out of work and equal pay for women's
work which means unequal pay for the
same work for men but her truly in the
same line came to actually said quote I
also want to see more companies do
profit sharing if you help create the
profits you should be able to share in
them not just the executives at the top
now many companies already have
so-called profit sharing
you know like owning stock benefits on a
broad level all companies have profit
sharing you have continued employment
because your company earns a profit you
don't have a share of every dollar of
profit because you presumably don't get
dinged for every loss but Hillary seems
to be advocating a full-scale government
intervention into every business in
America
letting the federal government decide
how much employees should make in every
industry this is my friends and his
Prager pointed out today is economic
fascism second clean-energy Hillary
proposed we would have 10 million new
jobs through government investment this
is bullcrap Obama made the same sort of
claims about his green jobs program and
then later he had to admit his
administration couldn't even define what
the hell a green job was when Hillary
says we must have play half a billion
more solar panels she's operating in a
Star Trek fantasy universe where
carbon-based fuels are less efficient
than solar power Trump rightly pointed
this out third Hilary said basically
everybody's racist she pushed the notion
of implicit bias this is a new
psychological buzzword pushed by the
academic laugh saying that you're
unconsciously biased even if you don't
know it to explain why black people go
to prison disproportionately she then
suggested that everyone in America was
racist quote I think implicit bias is a
problem for everyone not just police but
when it comes to policing since it can
have literally fatal consequences I have
said in my first budget we have put
money into that budget to help us deal
with implicit bias by retraining a lot
of our police officers unquote
there are zero proven retraining
programs regarding implicit bias or even
well-regarded studies suggesting the
consistent impact of implicit bias on
behavior which is why no court in
America will allow quote unquote
evidence of implicit bias if everybody
is a racist there's no cure for racism
and that's a constant excuse for
Democrats to claim America is evil
fourth Hilary said we should let all the
criminals out she said criminals should
be let out of prison
and she said she wanted to end private
prisons presumably without building new
ones
she idiotically said private prisons
create a structure where you have quote
a profit motivation to fill prison cells
with young Americans
well since the owners of private prisons
don't do the policing this makes no
sense
v Hillary said the Iran deal was awesome
she kept praising it over and over and
over and over it's a garbage deal
Hillary knows it she claimed to put a
lid on the Iranian nuclear program and
that's a lie she claimed it contained
Iran itself that's a lie she said it
would have led to war if America blew an
Iranian ship attempting to capture
Americans out of the water that's a lie
too he'll only pushed it forward anyway
finally Hillary dropped a line that most
people missed when she was slamming
Trump for sexism she said this is a man
who has said women don't deserve equal
pay unless they do as good a job as men
why is that controversial should women
make the same amount of money for less
work Hillary is a fire leftist trump's
inadequacies and stupidities don't
change that fact of course her
radicalism is certainly a true threat to
the country i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
okay so yesterday was debate day and boy
oh boy I was this close to hanging
myself about 56 minutes in but luckily
for you I watched the whole terrible
thing and all I have to say is what the
hell did you people do what did you what
grave sins have you committed in secret
that God decided to revenge himself on
the nation thusly why in the world would
you on the Democrat side and you on the
Republican side of the aisle decide to
nominate two monkeys to prosecute to
engage in the proposition who could
screw the basketball hardest because
that's pretty much what it was last
night
don't worry we'll go through it in
detail but first first we have to say
hello to our advertisers / frame bridge
frame bridge is this fantastic service I
buy a lot of pictures a lot of posters
and then it's very expensive to to frame
them it can cost three four hundred
dollars to frame them you go to frame
bridge comm right now and the way that
this works is that you have a printout
of a picture you can actually send them
the picture order the frame look at the
kinds of frame that you want and I'll
send it to you it's beautiful I've used
it myself you can also send them your
pictures yourself and you ship it to
them and they will take care of it I've
done that too and and they do a
wonderful job with it they're cheaper
than anywhere else they have a fantastic
selection is frame bridge dot-com
so right now if you go to frame bridge
calm and you use the promo code Ben you
save 15% off your first order and the
pricing is really good for your favorite
Instagram it's 39 bucks small phone is
59 but the real bargain is if you like a
movie poster is 139 if you've ever tried
to frame a movie poster in a decent way
it's like three $400 frame bridge is
great this way they use premium real
wood moldings an acid-free mat board and
foam board their materials are top-notch
it all looks great it looks museum
quality go to frame bridge kaam promo
code BEM frame bridge comp promo code
bent for that 15 percent off and again
I've used it myself
great great service alrighty so that
abate yes it happened last night it took
place and that's just more evidence that
you know if the as Benjamin Franklin
supposedly once said that beer is
evidence that God loves us this debate
is evidence that God has abandoned the
earth and has decided to take his
talents to - to Miami so in any case
let's jump right so the first half hour
here's here's the overview
first half and first of all let's just
we'll play the good term bad Trump theme
this was epic good trump bad Trump this
is the ultimate episode of good Trump
Brad from a bad Trump thank you to
brandon Snipes for our theme song
alrighty so there was plenty there was
plenty
okay so first half-hour I thought
watching the first half-hour Donald
Trump's gonna be the president to the
United States that's what I thought
Donald Trump was taking it to her on
every on every field imaginable and then
the wheels fell off now before we get
into anything else I'll give my quick
overview the debate grades
I thought Trump was an a for the first
used in a strong a for the first 30
minutes and then he was not just an F he
was a Z for most of the rest of the time
Hillary Clinton always varies between a
B and a C not in terms of how corrupt
and evil and how much of a liar she is
she's all of those things but just in
terms of performance
lestor hope by the way I thought was
absolutely biased against Trump I think
all the complaints about Lester Holt
being biased were absolutely justified
last night the questions that he asked
were significantly harder for Trump than
they were for Hillary Clinton he he fact
checked Trump wrongly at least twice as
far as I'm aware and and so that was
that was really bad but this one's on
Trump this one's on Trump because first
half-hour he's in full control so we'll
start well we'll play it right from the
beginning you're gonna get the most
comprehensive coverage of this debate of
anybody out there today and if we have
to cut off in the middle because you
only see the first 15 minutes on
Facebook this is why you need to
subscribe it's a Lee Weyer calm for 8
bucks a month and so you get a free copy
of kleavon's book but in any case let's
jump in so we start off the debate
Hillary walks on stage wearing Chairman
Mao's favorite costume and then Dimond
Donald Trump walks out he's wearing a
blue tie and Hillary Clinton leaves off
with this statement this is her
statement for why she wants to be
president of the United States I want us
to invest in you I want us to invest in
your future that means jobs and
infrastructure in advanced manufacturing
innovation and technology clean
renewable energy and small business
because most of the new jobs will come
from small business we also have to make
the economy fairer that starts with
raising the national minimum wage and
also gerund
chief finally okay so this is okay so
she dropped out she dropped her normal
lot and it's super boring here's a bunch
of government programs I'm gonna pay for
but really you're gonna pay for them and
also I'm a woman yay vaginas so that was
her that was her leadoff and then Donald
Trump started and Donald Trump's opener
was a lot stronger than Hillary
Clinton's opener because he told the
story now the story he's about to tell
us a bunch of crap but doesn't matter
it's a story and it's an effective story
for what it's worth here was Donald
Trump's story about what he thinks is
the big problem with the country right
now our jobs are fleeing the country
they're going to Mexico they're going to
many other countries you look at what
China is doing to our country in terms
of making our product they're devaluing
their currency and there's nobody in our
government to fight them and we have a
very good fight and we have a winning
fight because they're using our country
as a piggy bank to rebuild China and
many other countries are doing the same
thing so his idea is that you are being
screwed and this is a more compelling
message than Hillary here's my latest
program so you are being known here's
the problem the first half-hour Trump as
I say a he did a good job in this debate
he's lying none of this is true okay the
idea that there's one point where he
actually called Mexico the 8th wonder of
the world like their industrial their
industry was the eighth wonder of the
world like they're building factories
that were the eighth wonder of the world
if it's so great why is he so worried
about Mexicans fleeing across the border
which is why we need the wall presumably
right why would they be fleeing from the
8th wonder of the world lands this
craphole we call america if they're
really destroying us on jobs if trying
to slogging us on the currency then why
is it the China has had two separate
major stock market crashes in the last
12 months so all of it's not true but
it's more of a compelling narrative and
Hillary is so this is a compelling and
then Hillary comes back and Hillary is
just a giant pile of boredom in a red
suit now I will say this her energy
level was much better last night she
didn't look like a walking corpse which
was one of the things that she had to do
her entire goal last night was don't
look like a walking corpse and trigger
Donald Trump get Donald Trump to
meltdown she accomplished both of those
goals
here's Hillary but here's Hillary
talking about Donald Trump's economic
plans the problem for Hillary is of
course that she is a programmed robot
and thus this was off
here's the worst of Hillary last night I
call it trumped-up trickle-down because
that's exactly what it would be that is
not how we grow the economy trumped-up
trickle-down okay so her program I mean
like goodness gracious if that's your
big line from trickle-down you royally
suck at this Wow really dad and then she
follows that up with I think we come at
the economy from different perspectives
I think we come at it from somewhat
different perspectives I understand that
you know Donald was very fortunate in
his life and that's all to his benefit
he started his business with 14 million
dollars borrowed from his father and he
really believes that the more you help
wealthy people the better off we'll be
and that everything will work out from
there I don't buy that I have a
different experience my father was a
small businessman he worked really hard
he printed drapery fabrics on long
tables where he pulled out those fabrics
and he went down with a silkscreen and
dumped the paint in and took the
squeegee and kept going but in all
fairness to Secretary Clinton when she
started talking about this it was really
very recently she's been doing this for
30 years
and why hasn't she made the agreements
better the NAFTA agreement is defective
just because of the tax and many other
reasons but just because of the fact let
me interrupt mr. Mumba Secretary Clinton
and others politicians should have been
doing this for years not right now
because of the fact that we've created a
movement they should have been doing
this for years what's happened to our
jobs and our country and our economy
generally is look we owe 20 trillion
dollars okay so Hillary hits him with
this I would grew up a poor black child
in Alabama and she hits Trump with and
you grew up really rich and that's her
first attempt to sort of jar him that's
her it's her time to push him into
defensive Ness and he ignores it which
is what he should do and instead he hits
back with you've been here for 30 years
and all of this sucks and it's all your
fault because all of it sucks and
Hillary has no comeback for that her
only comeback for that is no no
everything is great here's Hillary
saying well you know everything really
is awesome thanks to thanks to President
Obama and me let's stop for a second and
remember where we
eight years ago we had the worst
financial crisis the Great Recession the
worst since the 1930s that was in large
part because of tax policies that slash
taxes on the wealthy failed to invest in
the middle class took their eyes off of
Wall Street and created a perfect storm
okay and so she said her response is
typical nothingness and he and he kills
her on it she says that she wants to
invest in green energy and he kicks her
right in the giant posterior she talks
about solar panels we invested in a
solar company our country that was a
disaster
they lost plenty of money on that one
now look I'm a great believer in all
forms of energy but we're putting a lot
of people out of work our energy
policies are a disaster our country is
losing so much in terms of energy in
terms of paying off our debt you can't
do what you're looking to do with twenty
trillion in debt the Obama
administration from the time they've
come in is over 230 years worth of debt
and he's topped in he's killing her that
means destroying her on this she's
trying out the same old Obama talking
points and he's saying you've made
things bad and most Americans believe
the country is moving in the wrong
direction and she's got nothing on us
I mean he's crushing her watch this this
next exchange again he crushes her on
this well I will bring excuse me I will
bring back jobs you can't bring back
well actually I have thought about this
quite a bit for 30 hours I have well not
quite that long I think my husband did a
pretty good job in the 1990s I think a
lot about what worked and how we can
make it work again well he approved a
new job balanced by was just a single
horse trade deal however approved in his
gums when okay and so he hits her with
in with the NAFTA deal now he's
factually wrong on NAFTA NAFTA is not
the single worst trade deal in the
history of the country
nafta's generated millions and billions
of dollars in profits for American
companies there are a lot of jobs that
exist in the auto industry down south
that would not exist if it were not for
NAFTA doesn't matter he hits her and
because she won't embrace NAFTA because
she won't embrace free trade he gives
her the runaround on
and watch how she just falls apart over
this and she does she falls apart here
is Donald Trump hitting her again on
NAFTA and then she falls apart on NAFTA
and the trans-pacific partnership and
her history on trade because she's not
honest enough to embrace free trade so
you have two candidates both of whom are
arguing against free trade which means
that both factually wrong but Trump
actually believes this stuff and
Hillary's been in favor of free trade
before so he just kicks her around on it
and I have been saying laughter which
was one of the worst things that ever
happened Manufacturing Index
you go to New England you go to Ohio
Pennsylvania you go anywhere you want
Secretary Clinton and you will see
devastation where manufacturers down 30
40 sometimes 50 percent NAFTA is the
worst trade deal maybe ever signed
anywhere but certainly ever signed in
this country and now you want to approve
trans-pacific partnership you were
totally in favor of it
then you heard what I was saying how bad
it is and you said I can't win that
debate but you know that if you did win
you would have proved that and that will
be almost as bad as NAFTA nothing will
ever top NAFTA that that is just not
accurate I was against it once it was
finally negotiated and the terms were
laid out I wrote about that in who
called it the gold standard
well I who called it the gold standard
of trade news he said it's the finest
deal you've ever seen no and then you
heard what I said about it and all of a
sudden you were against it well Donald I
know you live in your own reality but
that is not the facts the facts are I
did say I hoped it would be we can stop
it there I mean she falls apart he's
hitting her on this and she absolutely
falls apart and it continues along these
lines she cites her website when she
says that she wants to fight Isis and he
knocks her on that raise taxes 1.3
trillion dollars in trouble look at her
website you know what it's no different
than this she's telling us how to fight
Isis just go to her website she tells
you how to fight Isis on her website
I don't think General Douglas MacArthur
would like that too much okay okay and
so again it's not a wonderful answer
it's not really an explanation of why
wouldn't why wouldn't McArthur oppose it
no one really knows but it's it but it's
good line
and then and then Trump hits her again
he hits her again on the economy and
Hillary goes right back to this
trumped-up trickle-down routine she's
stuck on stupid she's got the she's got
the the scratched record and she can't
get out of it she's stuck now
five trillion dollars that we can't
bring into our country Lester and with a
little leadership you'd get it in here
very quickly and it could be put to use
on the inner cities and lots of other
things and it would be beautiful but we
have no leadership and honestly that
starts with Secretary Clinton all right
you have two minutes on the same
question to defend tax increases on the
wealthiest Americans Secretary Clinton I
have a feeling by the end of this
evening I'm to be blamed for everything
that's ever not why not yeah that's
right as I said trumped-up trickle-down
trickle-down did not work it got us into
the mess we were in into and nine we by
the way when when he when she plays the
victim you're blaming me for everything
this is why not good question you were
there why shouldn't we blame you for
these things like why don't you make a
case we shouldn't blame you for these
things so he's killing her I mean in the
first half hour I'm thinking president
Trump I mean really like he's going to
win he's gonna walk away from this
debate the big winner and she's falling
apart she doesn't know what to do
because she came out into this debate
expecting that Trump was not gonna be on
attack that Trump was gonna be sitting
back that she'd be able to sort of prod
him and after she does this this routine
about trumped-up trickle-down he hits
with his with his favorite line he says
she's a typical politician and this is
sort of the capstone this is the high
point of his presidential run right
right now is his the you're about to
watch it this is the high point of his
presidential run politician all talk no
action sounds good
doesn't work never gonna happen our
country is suffering because people like
Secretary Clinton have made such bad
decisions in terms of our jobs and in
terms of what's going on okay so a quick
break for we're gonna say hello to Birch
gold our other advertiser for today
Birch gold is obviously the place you
need to be if you're going to buy gold
if you're looking into investing in
precious metals then you need to take a
look at them at BIR CH gold calm slash
Bend make sure the
the slash Ben so that you can ensure
that that you that they know that we
sent you you can also give them a call
at 847-537-7000
in order for you to see what happens
then in order for you see what happens
next you're gonna have to subscribe it's
a new hire
dot-com $8 a month will get you full
access if you get an annual pass and you
get a free copy of Andrew clave ins book
which is exciting I have a novel coming
out I think you get a free copy of that
as well at daily wire.com eight bucks a
month will get you access you get to
watch it live right now we'll continue
on with the show and there's a lot more
coming up including more debate analysis
the fallout
how tunnelled trump knows he lost the
debate cuz he does he knows he lost and
will explain how that happened and we'll
also do some deconstructing culture so a
lot coming up here plus if you
subscribed get to be part of the mailbag
which is happening on thursday we have a
big week coming up thomas soul is gonna
be stopping by tomorrow so lots and lots
happening on the Ben Shapiro show make
sure that you check us out and later if
you want to download us iTunes or
SoundCloud for the number one
conservative podcast in America
you
