so how many times does the left have to
tell Americans what it thinks of them
before Americans realize a pretty simple
fact leftist leaders simply don't like
at least half the country in 2012 the
media lost their minds over former
governor Mitt Romney's statement the 47%
of Americans quote who are dependent
upon government who believe that they
are victims who believe the government
has a responsibility to care for them
would vote for President Obama this
apparently demonstrated Romney hated
everyday Americans
disdained them saw them as moochers in
2008 then-senator Barack Obama claims
that small-town Americans in the Midwest
are burr knighted Hicks he said it's not
surprising they get better they claim
the guns we're living Iran typically
toward people who aren't like them or
anti-immigrant settlement or anti trade
settlement as a way to explain their
frustrations this received attention
from the conservative press it was
downplayed by the mainstream media or
brushed off as basically accurate this
weekend Hillary Clinton echoed Obama she
said through her robot COFF quote to
just be grossly generalistic you could
put half of Trump supporters into what I
call the baskets of deplorable 'he's
right the racist sexist homophobic
xenophobic Islamophobic you name it and
unfortunately there are people like that
the other half of Trump supporters
Clinton said are a little bit better she
said that other basket of people are
people who feel the government has let
them down the economy has let them down
nobody cares about them nobody worries
about what happens to their lives and
their futures they're just desperate for
change those are people we have to
understand and empathize with as well
Clinton's language is actually more
telling than Obama's Democrats routinely
see voters they don't understand as
morally deficient this provides them the
comforting illusion that disagreement
reflects lack of virtue and that means
they don't need actual policies to
succeed success or failure is completely
irrelevant to the ethical question of
how to vote good people will vote for
them regardless of track record bad
people will oppose them but Clinton's
language goes even further where Obama
Obama labeled his opponents bad guys
Clinton actually suggests that Romney
was right those who are for her
potential supporters are pathetic losers
waiting for government to save them
they're disappointed with the economy
they think the government has to do more
they just need some TLC from Clinton and
then they'll realize Trump isn't the man
for them this means the see nearing tone
so many people detected in Romney exists
among Democrats for their own
constituents Hillary doesn't label her
potential voters self-sufficient
Americans seeking equal opportunity
not at all their grievance mongers near
do wells people who believe they're
victims who believe government has an
obligation to take care of them she
thinks she can draw them to the
Democratic Party so where are all the
good Americans the Democrats they just
don't exist there the deplorable zand
the needies that's it and the elites who
control them that's the scariest thing
about Hillary Clinton's vision for
America nobody deserves freedom because
nobody actually wants freedom everyone
is either a racist or in need of saving
everyone needs a cure either of their
soul or their material well-being and
Clinton thinks she can provide that cure
by crushing half of Trump supporters and
co-opting the other half
she's only missing one thing most Trump
supporters most Americans aren't bitter
clingers or victims they're independent
human beings waiting for a candidate who
wants to grant them that independence if
any of the elites are actually willing
to stand up for it I'm Ben Shapiro this
is the Ben Shapiro show all righty so we
begin with Birch gold our newest sponsor
in Birch gold these are folks who help
you reinvest your capital into precious
metals if you're scared of inflation if
you think the President Obama's
inflating the currency if you think that
a recession is coming and the stock
market is due for a fall you need to
talk to my friends over at Birch gold
group they're the people that I trust
with precious metal purchases bir ch
gold calm slash been they have a
long-standing track record of success
they have an A+ rating from the Better
Business Bureau and if you want a free
information kit on investing in physical
precious metals then they will send you
the 16 page free information kit you
should call them you should talk with
them you should ask all your questions
get all the information they're well
equipped to give you all that
information and then if you're
interested in moving your IRA or
eligible 401k into an IRA backed by
physical gold or silver or if you just
want to buy some gold you need to talk
to the Birch gold group again their
number is 800 496 66 63 800 496
66 63 and if you want to visit them
online it's birchgold.com
slash Bennett make sure you add the
birchgold.com slash ben's they know that
we sent you and they're more likely to
continue advertising with us which means
that we can continue providing you this
magnificent show that enriches your life
and makes it worth living okay so lots
to get to today the Hillary Clinton
campaign is in complete disarray they're
looking around and they are figuring
they are skilled ruied they are skill
ruied they have serious problems and
those problems extend not just to the
fact that hill
Clinton is apparently a victim of the
bubonic plague and patient zero in the
stands no it turns out they have the
bigger problems than that and that's
everyone knows Hillary Clinton is lying
and this is beginning to reflect itself
in all of the polls it's now beginning
to reflect itself in all of the polls so
here are some state polls out today
Bloomberg has Trump up five in Ohio it's
huge right now Trump is doing well in
Florida here's here's the way that this
map breaks down just think of the map in
your head if you have a basic knowledge
of American geography in order for Trump
to win he needs to win Iowa he needs to
win Nevada and then he needs to he needs
to hold Arizona Georgia Missouri all the
states that Romney held he needs to win
Florida and Ohio he needs to win North
Carolina and then he needs to win one
more state and that one more state could
be Colorado it could be Wisconsin it
could be Michigan it could be
Pennsylvania it could be New Hampshire
right now Trump is leading in Ohio
according to the latest poll he was
leading in Florida according to the
latest poll he is there there a couple
different polls in North Carolina so
it's hard to tell where that one comes
down he is leading in Colorado according
to a Reuters poll today if he wins in
North Carolina
humans Colorado Florida and if he wins
and if he wins Ohio then he wins the
election he wins well over 270 votes and
he wins the election so suddenly this is
a very very competitive election and
it's all because Hillary Clinton cannot
stop herself from lying pathologically
that's really all it comes down to she
cannot stop herself under any
circumstances from lying pathologically
and so what you got now
his Democrats whistling past the
graveyard trying to figure out how they
spin this thing the American public 50%
of Americans think Hillary is lying
about her health a large plurality of
Americans think she's in poor health and
that she's lying about it so the
Democrats are trying to figure out how
to combat this so David Plouffe David
Plouffe who's a democratic adviser he
has a here's an idea he says well if
we're calling Hillary unhealthy let's
call Trump unhealthy and let's talk
about medical records birthday so here's
Trump who you know dr. feelgood put out
a one-page letter he's 70 okay
he's the heaviest president we've had a
candidate since William Taft there's
legitimate issue so you know I think his
weight that's a tough do you think it's
weight as a health challenge that he
should answer well my point is I think
Glenn's gonna put out more medical
information this week she should you
know every candidate should okay she
should every candidate should but Trump
is the
one from physics so his David Plouffe is
is very upset with with Donald Trump
being fat okay this is this is what we
call the pot calling the kettle black
because Hillary Clinton has some weight
problems of her own she actually looks
like the Egyptian pyramids but the
Democrats are getting desperate so
they're throwing everything against the
wall you got Nancy Pelosi up front
saying that Donald Trump is the gift
that keeps on giving except for the fact
that Trump actually stops giving gifts
to the Democrats about the time
Kellyanne Conway joined his campaign
Donald Trump's changed all of that
hasn't he well he is a gift that keeps
on giving every day that he says
something it helps us mobilize at the
grassroots level raised money message a
difference between the two parties so so
he's been good but D here's the thing
don't get too carried away by the
redistricting when we took the house in
2006 which means some of these ladies
dentures move around President Obama's
in a rally for Hillary Clinton yesterday
he too is grasping at straws the
Democrats are so desperate now that now
they're trying to claim the media are
biased in favor of Trump in favor of
Trump okay this is insane
I just did a panel discussion I think
it's gonna be on PBS this Sunday with
brian Stelter of CNN and and there's a
guest host for Charlie Rose and Brian
Salter was trying to claim the same
thing the media's even hands it of
course I sort of shellacked Stelter over
this because it just isn't true
Huffington Post actually prints a little
note below all of their stories
originally they only covered him in the
entertainment section then they realized
they had to cover him his news so now
there's a little note after every
Huffington Post story that says Donald
Trump is a xenophobe in a racist who
hates everybody
right really this is note that's
actually on the stories from The
Huffington Post CNN MSNBC they run
Chiron's that tried to debunk Trump in
real time they've never tried to do that
with Hillary Clinton it's not that the
media know how to handle Trump they
don't because Trump is very hard to
handle for the media because he takes a
position he takes at least 10 positions
I never give an issue which makes it
hard for them to cover him but the media
are certainly unfair to Trump they're
always looking for something to get him
on CNN was a perfect example this week
with the Wolf Blitzer attempted hit on
David Duke but President Obama he's so
desperate at this point that he's saying
he's saying the media are losing this
for Hillary Clinton what our standards
for what's normal have changed
and and and Donald Trump says stuff
every day that used to be considered as
disqualifying for being president and
yet because he says it over and over and
over again the press just gives up and
they just say oh yeah you know okay okay
so President Obama thinks the press is
in favor of suddenly Donald Trump okay
nobody has ever gotten better press than
President Obama the man has just had
Worshipful coverage from the media for
years and that's how he can get away
with with just outright ridiculous crap
like this yesterday who's campaigning
for Hillary and he drops this whopper
this is a big deal more Americans are
working more have health insurance
incomes are rising poverty is falling
and cast guess is two dollars ago
pointing all you out there all you
people I tried to stop from drooling
fell your people my man yeah okay thank
you for minding me guess it's the
President Obama's thanking himself
because President Obama loves that dude
I mean there's nobody who loves
President Obama more than President
Obama except for the press did the press
fact check this to the press a well the
reason that it's under $2 a gallon right
now is because the Saudis had been
pumping like crazy to try and drive down
the price of oil and kill the Iranian
economy and also because fracking was
the only thing that created jobs during
your entire tenure basically no they
don't fact-check that but the Democrats
are getting desperate they're so
desperate that lawrence O'Donnell on
MSNBC who hates Donald Trump I mean
despises Donald Trump and lawrence
O'Donnell says the media are compliant
with Trump I mean except for him you
know except for him and his entire
network they're all compliant with Trump
of course if the news media treated the
Trump campaign the way it has treated
every presidential campaign prior to
Trump and the other presidential
campaign that is going on during the
Trump campaign the Clinton campaign if
the news media treated the Trump
campaign like it treats every other
campaign Donald Trump by now would have
been forced to retract his statement
about going to war over a gesture and
would have been forced to apologize for
his comment justifying everything that
has ever been done in war but with 55
days left before the election the
American political news media still has
not figured out how to deal with the
Trump for president campaign and Donald
Trump knows that and he exploits it
every stain so here's the truth about
the media and Trump I agree that the
standard has been lowered for Trump in
the sense that he's not being held to
the same standard as Romney but
politicians are almost always judged on
their own standard meaning that there's
kind of the normal Trump that were used
to and then there's outrageous Trump and
when it's normal Trump the media has a
hard time calling it outrageous because
they've already he set the bar somewhere
else the bar for Trump that the bar for
Romney was here and Romney came in here
the bar for Trump is here and he's
coming in here so because he's a little
bit higher on he's exceeding his own bar
the bar that we set for and we all do
this in our individual lives right we
know people who we think are just utter
crap shows of human beings and if they
hold down a steady job that's a big win
for them and then we know people who are
high achieving bankers and if they and
if they buy the wrong car we think
that's a bad mistake right we all have
our different standards for people the
media are just people so they have that
standard for Trump but the idea that the
media are treating Trump with kid gloves
is absolutely laughable the media don't
know what to do about this they're
hoping that they can save Hillary
Clinton this is why when Matt Lauer
grilled Hillary and then grilled Trump
they got very angry at Matt Lauer for
having not grilled Trump harshly enough
they know they can't grill Lauer for for
being too harsh on Hillary so instead
they just say that Matt Lauer wasn't
mean enough to Donald Trump so this is
the routine that they're gonna play now
is that the media themselves are trying
to make Trump win which is just asinine
and ridiculous okay with all of that
said Donald Trump now has an opportunity
there's an opportunity to present his
health records so today he was on dr. Oz
and there's a bit of confusion leading
up to his appearance on dr. oz was he
gonna hand over his health records was
he not gonna hand over his health
records Kellyanne Conway was on TV
yesterday saying that he's not gonna
hand over his health records Wow you can
laugh all you want at the medical report
but as far as I can see there are two
major party candidates running for
president and only one of them has
pneumonia in lied about it especially to
the press because she always thinks that
she has he's treat you all like
second-class citizens won't have a press
conference and when she pretends to have
press avail I'm going to be uplifting
and ask for
now then goes on to attack tens of
millions of people's the very next day
and then and then and then I mean this
is all her by the man and and but but
Alice and this is what the this is what
I expect from the Clinton campaign I
really don't expect it from journalists
- we're talking about Hillary Clinton
and her pneumonia and what happened on
9/11 which we also were their own two
eyes and we're talking - and it takes us
about ten words to get to Donald Trump
okay so she's she's right about the
double standard but you know trying to
walk back we were not gonna release
Donald Trump's medical records that
that's that silly test
apparently Trump was fibbing so
apparently today on dr. oz the interview
is gonna air tomorrow they didn't
release a summary of the results but he
did actually bring in a one-page summary
of his physical conducted last week
which is different than the original
announcement which is that he was going
to actually hand over his entire
physical to dr. oz and then have dr. oz
analyze it not to say I don't trust
Trump on his physical health but I don't
trust Trump on anything just like I
don't trust Hillary on anything so if he
provided a one-page summary I don't see
why that significantly better than
Hillary providing a letter to the media
I'd like to see a full physical workup
on both of these candidates I don't
think that that's utterly unreasonable
well this brings us unfortunately to the
end of Facebook live but over at Daley
wired.com over at Daley wired.com you
can still subscribe I do want to mention
by the way that we have a sponsored US
tax shield that helps us bring this show
to you u.s. tax shield does have an A+
rating with the Better Business Bureau
if you have problems with the IRS if you
have issues with the IRS if you're
somebody who has had run-ins with the
IRS in the past you need to talk to my
friends over a US tax jail they help
people just like you people with
personal tax liabilities or
conservatives the IRS is targeting
because President Obama hates you so go
to if you want to visit them if you
wanna visit them online it's u.s. tax
you'll calm slash Ben that's us tax
shield calm / Ben free consultation
they'll get one of their experts on the
line with you and the IRS and they'll
run through the paces with you and then
they'll give you a quote and that quote
doesn't move no matter what they also
have a program that actually helps you
come clean with the IRS called The Fresh
Start program and it helps you figure
out what the IRS what exactly it is that
you need to pay their free consultation
you can get that at 805 for 222 26 805
for 222 26 or visit them online at US
tax shield com / Ben so as I say there's
a lot more coming up
we're gonna talk about Sean Hannity's
kungfu capacities his magical cum flow
abilities we'll get to that we will also
get to Donald Trump on maternity leave
which i think is the most important news
of the day actually but we'll talk about
that so you can go to daily wire comm to
subscribe and you can continue to watch
the show live it continues right on as
though nothing ever happened but if if
you don't subscribe to daily wire calm
then as Andrew Klavan is is apt to say
you'll be plunged into the exterior
darkness and you'll collapse in on
yourself like a black hole and suck the
rest of the universe and with you so
that's it if that's not enough of a
threat to get eight bucks out of your
pocket a month I don't know what it is
daily wire calm to do that or if you
just want to listen to the show later
iTunes or SoundCloud is the best place
to do that
alrighty
