so Christine Ford the accuser of Judge
Cavanaugh has has now presented a list
of demands conditions that must be met
if if she's going to testify and put her
allegations on the record here's the
Huffington Post with their report on
these conditions says attorneys for
Christine Ford port reportedly presented
the Senate Judiciary Committee with a
list of conditions on Thursday moving
forward negotiations for hearing before
the committee next week some of the
conditions included Kavanagh not being
present during blazes testimony and for
the committee to not turn the hearing
into a media circus oh yes yeah the
committee they're the ones turning this
into a media circus attorneys Debra Katz
and Lisa banks offered these suggestions
during a call held with committee staff
members on Thursday night the
negotiations for the hearing mostly
focused on logistics and safety issues
elastin about 30 minutes during the call
blasts ease legal team asked that
Cavanaugh speak first
at the hearing the attorneys also asked
if the Senators could preside over
questioning instead of bringing an
outside counsel with no female
Republicans on the committee the the
senator is considered using their female
aides to question Blasio at the hearing
her attorneys also asked if the
committee could subpoena mark judge
who's the other guy that was allegedly
there they also discussed having only
one camera in the room during the
hearing and asked if the hearing could
take place on Thursday instead of Monday
okay so she wants to delay the hearing
until Thursday she doesn't want any
lawyers there she doesn't want to be
questioned by the aides of the committee
member she wants to be questioned by the
committee members themselves she doesn't
want Cavanaugh there and she wants
Kavanagh to testify before her now it's
interesting that she doesn't want the
female
aides to come in and question her and
she doesn't want any lawyers that she
doesn't to be questioned by lawyer she
wants to be questioned by by by these
Republican men right now I wonder why
that is could it be that Ford wants the
damaging and embarrassing spectacle of a
bunch of old white men asking her about
her alleged teenage sexual assault it is
that does she want
embarrassed Republicans and to and to
damage them well yeah that's exactly
what she wants obviously but I ask you
this a traumatized woman who is just
seeking truth and justice does she act
like this is that is this how she goes
about it
does she make these kinds of
calculations is she is she is
politically strategic as this if she
just wants to tell the truth and get the
truth out there is this what she's doing
does this make sense and then you have
worst of all you have the demand that
Cavanaugh testify first this is
unbelievably absurd and this is where we
have to kind of take the you know
there's no way to dance around it and
try to be nice to a Kristine Ford and
everything no this is just wrong that
she wants Cavanaugh to defend himself
against allegations on the record before
the allegations have been made on the
record she wants him to defend himself
against her charges before she's made
the charges so what does he defending
himself against rumors media reports the
stuff that he saw on Twitter no this is
crazy there's a reason why in a court of
law you get to face your accuser number
one and number two your accuser makes
the accusations first and then you go
they make the accusations they present
whatever evidence they have and then you
go you know but what Ford wants and what
the Democrats at one they want innocent
they want guilty until proven innocent
they want they want to be presumption of
guilt and then four then a Kavanagh has
to prove his innocence prove a negative
prove that he didn't do something at
some point 35 years ago and they want
they want him to do that before the
actual allegations have been put on the
record this is this is inexcusable it's
wrong and it it makes Christine Ford
look like a liar that's what it makes
her look like she is presenting herself
as a liar and a manipulator now I don't
know if she's either of those things but
that is how she's presenting herself
right now
and there seems to be the certain you
know attitude that well because Ford is
a victim she should get to do what she
wants and she's above criticism but
there's a problem with that attitude
first of all I'm not at all convinced
that she is a victim you know that's the
that's the the the we don't operate
under the assumption that she's a victim
she has to prove that and she hasn't
proved it so you know liberals are
obviously gonna operate under the
assumption that she's telling the truth
but they're operating under that
assumption because it would be
politically convenient for them if she
if she were telling the truth so that's
why they decided that she is but of
course in reality we have been given no
reason to believe for it at this point
we've been given a lot of reasons not to
believe her you know the lack of
evidence the lack of detail the way this
stuff has been presented her
unwillingness to just come forward
straightforwardly and tell the story all
these things they they have they have
only enhanced the credibility of
Cavanaugh and they've detracted from it
from her credibility so we have been
given no reason whatsoever at this point
to believe anything she's saying she has
acted every step of the way like a
political agent she has acted like
somebody with an agenda okay and that is
an agenda beyond simply telling the
truth and here's the other thing even if
she is telling the truth
even if she did have this experience
with Cavanaugh 35 years ago which again
I'm not at all convinced that she did
but even if she did that doesn't mean
that she's beyond reproach it doesn't
mean she gets to dictate terms it
doesn't mean that that we can't hold her
to some kind of standard it doesn't put
her above criticism this is one of the
worst things about about modern American
culture a modern American culture is
this idea this idea that victimhood puts
you above criticism above scrutiny and
we say well she's a victim so it's oh
it's okay no no that's wrong whether
she's telling the truth or not and I
don't think we are getting the truth
from her at least not the whole truth
but how she has handled this situation
has been in my view simply wrong
terribly wrong awfully wrong
starting with the decision to hold on to
this story for 35 years and then drop it
like a bomb into the middle of a Supreme
Court confirmation hearing listen I you
know I know I know not everyone will
agree with this but I really think that
if you have a terrible experience if
something terrible happens to you like
the thing that Ford alleges and if
you're gonna come forward and tell that
story at all it's reasonable to expect
that you do that sometime before the 35
year mark okay and if you wait that long
and you've told no one and you have no
evidence well then you know what it's
too late you waited too long you waited
until there's no chance that you can
prove your allegations and now you're
coming forward at the worst possible
time and you could say well she just
wants justice what she didn't want
justice after right after it happened
she don't want justice five years after
it happened ten years after it happened
20 years after it happened 25 years
after that 30 years after it happened
she don't want justice any of those
times and now she suddenly wants justice
I don't know you know I'm sorry I just
don't and not only did she wait this
long but she's been playing these games
I will testify I won't testify okay I'll
calm but here my conditions I don't want
one camera there I don't want him there
I want him to go first I want the
committee members I don't want the
female lays I don't want lawyers so on
and so forth and the whole country has
to wait with bated breath while
Christine Ford's decides what she wants
to do and this is okay because why
because because she says she was
assaulted 35 years ago no you know that
that's crazy it doesn't justify it
doesn't victimhood does not give you
this kind of currency where you get to
do whatever you want without being
subject to any kind of scrutiny you know
Donald Trump is Donald Trump sent out
some tweets this morning and he's
getting a lot of criticism because he
said well you know if this happened why
did she call the police and and and yeah
I know there are plenty of times when
somebody is really victimized raped you
know etc and they don't they don't go
over the police for any number of
reasons you know they're afraid there
fuze they have guilt today whatever
someone's so many different things but
but I think it's still a legitimate
question is it's a totally legitimate
question because you never went to the
local police and now you want the FBI to
investigate 35 years so yet all that
time you never went to the local law
enforcement and then and then 35 years
later you want the FBI to investigate I
think it's a perfectly reasonable
question to ask why didn't you ever
report this to anybody that is a very
reasonable question and it deserves an
answer and it's an answer that should
have already been given and I think
there's a there's a very real question
to be asked about like even if something
like this happened even if something
like this happened is it the right thing
to do to come out 35 years later to try
to use it against the person while
they're on the cusp of some kind of you
know promotion or something like you
hold onto it all this time and now you
want to use it to destroy them 35 years
later is that really the right thing to
do does it automatically become right
because of your victim status I don't
think so now let me stipulate one thing
I I don't think that Christine Ford is
the villain in this situation I think
she's made decisions and behaved in a
way that is pretty inexcusable but the
villains are the Democrats and they
obviously are using her they are happily
eagerly destroying Brett Kavanaugh and
they're pretending suddenly to care
about women even though they didn't care
about women when Bill Clinton was raping
them allegedly they didn't care about
women when Ted Kennedy drowned one in
his car so now they're pretending to SAR
they're Liars but what makes this even
more disgusting what makes this just so
dark and evil is the reason why they are
doing this yeah the reason is they want
to prevent obviously Cavanagh for being
confirmed but why do they want to
prevent it why are they so desperate to
prevent it in fact they're so desperate
to get rid of Kavon
now there's a few Democrats have gone on
the record now and said that even if
Cavanaugh is confirmed when the
Democrats are in control of Congress
they're going to investigate him anyway
that's how desperate they are to get rid
of them that they will investigate a
sitting Supreme Court justice for
because of allegations from 35 years ago
so when they get into power they want to
impeach impeach the president and they
want to get rid of a Supreme Court
justice but why why are they so
desperate to stop a Cavanaugh from being
a Supreme Court justice well we all know
the answer the answer is abortion you
know there's a reason why Supreme Court
hearings turn into a circus
only after roe v wade democrats are
desperate to hold on to their ability
and their power to kill babies they are
owned by the abortion industry they have
sold their soul to the abortion industry
and and liberals have this godlike power
to kill babies and they are desperate to
hold on to it and they will do anything
that's what this is about so remember
that remember what this is really about
it's about killing babies all right I'm
gonna cut it off early I'm gonna leave
it there
hope you guys have a great weekend
Godspeed
you
