here are five things you need to know
about Hillary Clinton's infamous email
server one Hillary set up a private
email server to hide her emails eight
days before Hillary Clinton was sworn in
as Secretary of State she set up a
private email server this email server
meant the government had no access to
her emails and didn't preserve her
emails it also meant classified
information would certainly have to pass
on to her server while Hillary claims
there was precedent for her private
email server there just wasn't no other
Secretary of State has ever set up a
private server further Hillary ensured
that her top aides also used her private
server there was only one reason to set
up a private server instead of using a
government one to hide things from the
government and from discovery to the
server was not secure the server wasn't
secure against foreign hack the FBI
actually found the server was less
secure than a normal Gmail account that
means any number of countries could have
had access to America's classified
material and we'd never know it how many
missions failed because our enemies knew
about our agents abroad
how many negotiations went sideways
because our enemies knew our positions
how many of our brave intelligence
officers had their lives put at risk
because our enemies knew their
identities we'll never know the answer
but we do know that Hillary exposed our
secrets to the possibility of foreign
hack all to hide something
three Hillary's lawyers destroyed the
server including emails that had not
been turned over to the FBI so what was
Hillary trying to hide she says she
wasn't trying to hide anything she
merely had her lawyers delete and fully
destroy 30,000 emails she didn't want to
turn over to the State Department we'll
never know what was in those emails
unless someone who hacked Hillary
releases them but don't worry Hillary
says they're all about yoga and
Chelsea's wedding which is ridiculous of
course in fact the FBI just said that at
least 30 of those deleted emails were
about Benghazi so unless she was doing
yoga in Benghazi she was lying about the
emails she destroyed it's likely the
emails concerned the corrupt
relationship between the Clinton
Foundation and the Hillary State
Department for Hillary never stops lying
about any of this Hillary said she used
one email address because she only
wanted to use one device she's more than
one device she had more than one email
address
she said she complied with the FBI she
didn't she said the server was secure it
wasn't she said she complied with State
Department regulations nope
she said she never sent or received any
classified information false she said
she was never subpoenaed she was she
said she turned over all of her
work-related emails she didn't five the
FBI basically calls her a criminal well
the FBI didn't recommend indicted
Hillary they said she was extremely
careless with classified material and
admitted there is evidence of potential
violations of the statute that means she
violated federal law which carries
severe penalties for gross negligence in
the handling of classified material well
at least for us normal non Hillary
people so what's the takeaway Hillary is
paranoid her paranoia means she was
willing to break the law and expose
America's national security information
to our enemies just to avoid people
knowing about whatever I was she was
doing behind closed doors that's not
really a shock Hillary has spent her
entire career in meshed in corruption
but her email server scandal does
demonstrate that she plans her
corruption in advance and she doesn't
care if American lives are put at risk
all that matters to Hillary Clinton is
that she is protected from public
scrutiny
