Donald Trump visited a black church over
the weekend in an attempt to win over
black voters and also find out what it
churches and why people keep going into
them and who's that loser nailed to the
cross
maybe it's jonah goldberg since he looks
jewish and obviously can't afford a pair
of pants after the church visit trump
issued a statement calling for a new age
of civil rights including the right to a
safe neighborhood the right to school
choice and the right to not have your
job sent to Mexico where they're killing
us on trade folks let me tell you plus
they're all like brown skinned and stuff
no offense
Trump received a standing ovation at the
church causing Democrats to panic and
Stampede through the streets screaming
oh my god the Negroes are thinking for
themselves someone cut the news feed
before everyone sees Reuters did in fact
stop the news feed and the major
networks then broadcast 30 seconds of
dead air with the caption no black
people are applauding for Donald Trump
law enforcement was then able to
persuade the stampeding Democrats to
return to their homes without using any
false statistics to incite riots and
black communities and the incident ended
peacefully in the aftermath of the
Democrat panic the Clinton camp issued
its own list of civil rights that it
would pretend to offer to black people
until after the election when they would
forget about them these Democrats civil
rights include the right to a lien eight
the police who protect your
neighborhoods so that crime Rises and
more black people are killed while white
liberals congratulate themselves on
their racial awareness the right to
receive money from the magical
government money place so that you never
need to take responsibility for
improving your own life but only have to
continue to vote for the nice magical
Democrat magic people who create the
money in the magic place while your life
and your neighborhood disintegrate
around you the right to act cool and
speak English badly so that young white
people admire and imitate you for a few
years just before they go to college and
get jobs while you remain unemployable
and of course the right to get upset and
hold protests marches over minor insults
so that you don't notice the fact that
the Democrats aren't doing anything for
you besides ginning up your anger
whenever they need to distract you from
the fact that they aren't doing anything
for you polls no now show that a hundred
and fifteen percent of black people will
vote Democrat
if they have to come back from the dead
to do it as for Donald Trump he emerged
from his visit to the church with a new
understanding of the nature of God how
did I ever own this I bought it 15 years
ago I made one of the great deals they
say ever this piece of land I have no
mortgage on it as you I will certify and
represent you you will say that and I
was able to you know buy this and make
it great deal that's what I want to do
for the country make great deals we have
to we have to bring it back but God is
the ultimate I mean God created this and
you know here's the Pacific Ocean right
behind us so nobody know God responded
by sending out a memo reading quote
someone please find me a new country to
lavish blessings on this one is
obviously over trigger warning I'm Aiman
and this is the Android claimant ship
hell that's God God made I made a great
deal there must be a god all right well
we made it through the Claver this
weekend all of us but Phyllis Schlafly
she was old she couldn't quite take the
third day of the Clavin this weekend and
she passed on I mean she was actually a
great woman she really was a great
conservative leader marshaled a army of
basically of housewives and stopped the
Equal Rights Amendment dead in its
tracks back in the 1970s it was cruising
on it was cruising to victory and you
know it was it would have been a
disaster too because you know the
Constitution gives everybody the same
rights there's no men's rights and
women's rights in the Constitution
everybody has the same rights the ER a
would only have been a tool for leftist
to beat people to death with as they
used the same way they used title 9
everyone just assumed it was gonna pass
it was just rollin to passage and
Phyllis Schlafly basically
single-handedly stopped it and I think
that was a really positive thing and and
it also proves it reminds you that like
progressive the progressive future is
only is only the future in the sense
that death is the future come eventually
but it doesn't have to come today and
every day you hold it off as a good day
and Phyllis Schlafly gave us a lot of
good days
rust in peace what else happened that
gretchen carlson settled her sexual
harassment suit with Fox News for twenty
million dollars it's like someone please
pinch my butt you know because I want
the money I'm just lonely but quite a
victory for gretchen carlson and greta
van susteren is done and she's gonna
leave and britt hume will take her show
over for a while i think by the way that
this is just the beginning of what
you're gonna see at foxnews i think
there is going to be a huge upheaval i
would say that fox news before the
election and fox news after the election
are going to be two entirely different
Fox News's I think they've run out their
string on what they were doing as a lot
of conservative media has and maybe
there's movement altogether for all I
know but I think that's done all right
so we're on Facebook for 15 minutes and
YouTube and then we vanish into thin air
into air into thin air and you have to
find us at the Daily wire or iTunes or
SoundCloud and you must subscribe
because this is a short week the mailbag
is tomorrow so send in your questions
about politics about the culture your
love life answers are guaranteed a
hundred percent correct in my opinion
but you know but please sign on and if
you want to talk about stuff you like
I'd like to hear about that as well and
we want to hear from you and finally one
last thing I'd like you to do is go on
to Amazon or your favorite book place
and pre-order the great good thing a
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ my
memoir I got my first actual hard copy
over the weekend so it's obviously out
once Amazon gets it they don't care if
the pub date is September 20th that
Amazon doesn't care and they'll send it
to you so you can get it the great good
thing all right this is it Labor Day is
over the campaign begins in earnest and
what I saw I'd like I may be the only
person who's singing this I may be
completely wrong I said this before
the holiday I say it again after Trump
is on a roll I think he's on a roll I
mean you know I I'm calling the show
liar liar
versus Trump on fire okay I think on the
one hand on the one end you know Hillary
gets buried under this avalanche and you
know this is this is what the
in news dump Friday before the long
weekend they know everybody's on
vacation no but he's paying attention
that's when the FBI dumps all this the
Hillary stuff so we'll get back to that
in a minute but just let me just say for
a minute where I am standing right now
and the reason I want to tell you this
is because now we're getting into the
the meat of it this is the last eight
weeks or whatever of the campaign this
is the heart of it and I have been I've
tried to be and will continue to try to
be as completely objective and fair as I
can just telling you what I see what I
think the reaction is going to be by the
people I've said that it's hard to
predict is such a weird thing I have to
admit at this point I've said a million
times I've lost this election and the
reason I say I've lost this election is
because there is no candidate likely to
win there only two candidates who are
gonna win no candidate likely to win who
will reduce the size and scope of
government what I'm looking for is
entitlement reform and regulation draw
pull backs and a little bit more of a
muscular foreign policy with making sure
that we're not getting slapped around
like Obama is now at the at the meeting
you know it goes to China and look like
functionaries are screaming at him you
know they don't give him a red carpet
and nobody respects us anymore because
this guy is such a weakling that's
that's what I'm looking for and I don't
see anybody doing it however I have to
be honest with you and tell you right at
this minute in my heart of hearts I
would say that I'm rooting for Trump and
and I think it is it has less to do with
Trump than it has to do with Hillary I
think she is as dishonest and selfish
and greedy a candidate and that you know
for a politician that's saying something
you know when a politician stands out
for her greed and self-interest and
dishonesty it's a problem and I think
more importantly I I think also before I
get into that I think that also I know
what President she's gonna be I know
she's gonna be a bad left this president
I know bad you know Supreme Court people
Trump I think is gonna be a bad
president I think you know there's a
good chance he's gonna do a lot of
stupid things but there's a small chance
he'll get it right there's a small
chance of we'll get a good Supreme Court
judge and I I have to say that's that's
all I can wait what else can I root for
now you know there's an article in
reason saying this is the worst thing
for the Republican Party because the
Republic
party will have to own whatever Trump
does if he gets elected it's better for
the Republican Party for Trump to lose
what do I care about the Republican
Party they're not my country you might
you know party is not my country this is
my country and I think that there's a
small small chance that Trump will be
somewhat better and on top of this on
top of this I have to admit this is I'm
not proud of this but I'm just telling
you honestly because I want you to know
where my commentary is coming from you
know you can judge whether I'm still
being objective or not I want to see the
status quo I want to see the the elites
the people in government discomforted
let me put it that way or screaming with
their hair on fire would also be another
way of putting it these people despise
you they despise you they hate you they
don't want you to be free they don't
want you to decide how to spend your own
money they don't want you to take
responsibility for your own mistakes
they don't want you to live an adult
life where you are where your life is
run by you governed by you live by you
the faults suffered by you the
achievements acclaim by you you didn't
build it as their watchword we do it
we're the ones who get it right the only
freedom they ever talk about our sex and
drugs they love sex and drugs because
they make slaves out of you I mean I
know you know sex is fun it's good you
know it has its place it's an important
thing but you know if you go around
doing that all the time you're either
gonna get sick you're gonna have
children out of wedlock and things are
gonna not be so good for you and you're
gonna turn to the government for support
and the government remember is not
selling the government is buying they're
buying your freedom when you give that
that money they're not giving you
anything they're taking away your
ability to do anything without them you
know we talk a lot about George Soros
everybody talks about this guy sitting
on his money bags like Scrooge McDuck
deciding how you should spend your money
while he protects his money from taxes
which he does by the way all the but
they're all George Soros all of these
people you know the IRS the State
Department here's the thing about these
this dump that came out from Hillary
from Hillary Clinton was the FBI dumping
what their interview with her was like
and it was embarrassing I mean you know
they keep the the news keep saying well
nothing new here but there was something
new there was new stuff you know she
said she wanted to she had a private
server email server cuz she only wanted
one device turned out she had 15 devices
and when she stopped using them
would send an aide out to smash it with
a hammer and then she would send someone
out to smash the aide with a hammer so
the P didn't come back and talk about
smashing the know she didn't do that but
I mean it was bad you know she's
smashing the thing with a hammer
she says she signs documents under oath
so this is perjury she signs documents
under oath saying she has been briefed
on the confidentiality rules and how
they work and she understands them to
her that's like signing the iTunes
Agreement you know in the iTunes
Agreement they could put in you know we
get your firstborn child I agree just
give me an amazing get me I know that
god I just wanna you know so she was
signing it like that then she says well
there was yeah there was a big C in
front of this but I didn't I didn't know
it meant classified or confident you
know I just thought it was a C I'd you
know it's like I thought maybe it was
the vitamin that went into that piece of
information you know she talked about
like yeah that she'd had a concussion
and all this stuff and and Bill McGurn
and the Wall Street Journal made a
really excellent point at a column where
he says it isn't so much that mrs.
Clinton's set up a personal server so
she would not be accountable the way
normal political appointees are held
accountable it's that no one in
government stopped her it's all of them
that's what I'm saying that's what I'm
saying about Donald Trump it's all these
people
they despise you they don't think
anything remember remember when they
were shoving Obamacare down our throats
and they go to these town halls and the
looks on their faces when people dared
to object like you know what are you
saying what you know you can't talk to
me I'm a politician
you know these are the guys that drive
me crazy McGurn goes on he says no one
in government stopped her the Inspector
General report general's report notes
that when two IT officers expressed
their concern in 2010 that Clinton's
private email system meant federal
records were not being preserved they
were told quote never to speak of the
Secretary's personal email system again
so two slobs who hadn't gotten the word
you know two IT guys came out and said
isn't this a problem shut up
you know shut up you're not you're not
the elite as a result when the American
people finally learned about mrs.
Clinton's use of private email for
public business it wasn't because of a
functioning civil service it was because
of a hacker and it wasn't because of a
functioning media either because they
are the same people even today her
former Department is still resisting
efforts to make public the emails she
try to hide it's a disturbing pattern
and unfortunately it's not limited to
the State Department there have been
similar questions about the integrity
and professionalism of the IRS ever
since the American people learned in
2013 that it was unfairly targeting
conservative groups seeking tax-exempt
status and is still doing so no we're
gonna have Kim Stossel on later this
week the the terrific Wall Street
Journal columnist she's written an
amazing book called the intimidation
game about the vast machinery that the
Obama administration has used to shut
you up they don't like him that is what
makes they don't like you that is what
makes Trump for all his enormous walls
his it and and by the way I agree with
the never trumpeters about Trump it's
just I think that Hillary is worse than
they think she is this is what makes him
attractive
it makes him attractive because we just
want to take these people and slap them
around like they're doing in Germany
right now Merkel's party is losing to
this pop populist parties and look
there's a lot of danger in these
populist parties they can lead to
fascism they can lead to another kind of
tyranny but I understand you cannot rule
a free people you're supposed to govern
a free people and these people have lost
their way all right we have already run
out the first 15 minutes so I've got to
say and the show is just beginning so
come on over to the Daily wire and hear
the rest
