if you ever wanted proof left hates
Republicans it came in the form of a CNN
Headline News decision late yesterday a
man named Stephen Eccles saved the baby
from being trapped in a hot car I broke
a window to do so during his interview
on CNN Headline News who were at Trump
2016 t-shirt the network couldn't do
anything about it at the time but when
they rebroadcast the interview they then
blurred out the Donald Trump logo that's
fairly typical for a media intent I'm
casting every Trump supporter as an evil
pile of human poop meanwhile the media
continue to celebrate 49ers quarterback
Colin Kaepernick who done a different
sort of apparel in practice socks that
depict cops as pigs really it's like a
picture of a pig
with a cop hat on top but Colin
Kaepernick is the bravest most wonderful
most brilliant racial spokesperson in
America we must all pay homage to his
intellect and courage no wonder college
students across America feel triggered
by Trump 2016 chokings but have no
problem slandering cops they're learning
it from the older generation in media
that's the point
those who disagree politically with the
left must be castigated and if an
eminently good person openly disagrees
with the left the left simply excises
their politics from the equation so a
trump supporter who saves a baby from
death inside a burning hot car he
becomes just another kind-hearted fellow
with unknown politics they just blur out
the t-shirt if you agree with the left
however they'll ignore your nastiness
you'll become a civil rights
spokesperson and will simply overlook
the fact that you're viciously anti-cop
thus the left's moral juggernaut chugs
ever forward turning right-wingers into
enemies and left-wing radicals in too
friendly faces no wonder Republicans are
always fighting an uphill battle in the
public mind members of the public have
never actually seen a nice decent
Republican since the media just memory
holds them I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
so lots to get to today here on the
bench Shapiro show obviously be talking
a lot about Donald Trump's trip down to
Mexico way down in Mexico and and he
also went up to Phoenix and talked about
the illegal immigration we'll get to all
of that momentarily first we have to
thank our new sponsors over at Club W so
Club W is this fantastic website what
they do is they they have this website
if you don't know anything about why I'm
like I don't know anything about Lyme
and you go to their website you type in
a bunch of taste preferences that
seemingly have nothing to do with wine
you tell them what kind of tastes you
enjoy and then they kind of tailor a set
of products for you the kind of wine
that you want and you can buy it online
it's much cheaper than doing it at the
local liquor store and it helps for if
you're looking for just the right wine
for the special someone if you're
looking for just the right wine for a
dinner party you don't know anything
about wine like for me I just like wine
the taste like soda pop this is the this
is the place you go if you don't know
anything about wine but you don't want
to look like an unsophisticated
boor if you go to club W right now if
you had a club W right now then you it's
Club W calm slash Ben you get $20 off
your first order right now I've as I
said they don't have kosher wine so I
haven't tasted the wine but my entire
staff has tasted the wine to the
detriment of the company and they sent
me they sent the samples here and people
loved the wine a little too much because
not a lot of work got done that day but
the wine was apparently really good from
what I'm told by all of the people who
who tasted the wine here are some of the
descriptions according to them they said
the Sauvignon Blanc was oKed
fruit-forward with hints of pear or the
the Malbec how do you pronounce C I
don't know nothing about wine is
whitening club W now Beck okay silky I
can't believe it's not butter E they
said that they liked the Chardonnay the
best and apparently a guy in our office
opened the wine bottle with the shoe
trick so if you have someone in your
office who has a shoe then you too can
have this one huh so you go to you go to
Club W comm slash spend 20 bucks off
your first order again the wine is cheap
it is also apparently really good and it
allows you to pick the best wine for
your dinner party so that's exciting
stuff okay so Donald Trump is down in
Mexico he goes down to Mexico yesterday
and there's a lot of lead-up to to him
going down to Mexico a lot of fuss about
what was gonna happen I sort of laid out
the possible
options it turned out who sort of
halfway between two of my options that I
mentioned yesterday what actually
happened but we'll start with Vincent a
fox in the former President of Mexico he
said that Trump would be rejected by
everybody in Mexico now you seem very
angry again what happened that you do
what I did as a citizen dad you do was a
Mexican that is worried about Trump
becoming president in United States you
don't do that president of this great
nation which is Mexico representing a
hundred and thirty million people I'm
sure he's going to be rejected by
everybody here in Mexico we cannot
accept this going on and yes it could be
a desperate move he's just a day ahead
or a day in advance of his address to
the Union equivalent here in Mexico and
yet to me it is a desperate move on both
sides
okay just remove on both sides what
Vincent a fox and his mustache have to
say about the about channels from going
down to Mexico now brief kind of timeout
here are the two narratives that have
now emerged after Trump's trip to Mexico
and his immigration speech and over the
course of the program will determine
which one of these which one of these
narratives is correct or if they're both
correct nerve number one is the
pro-trump narrative so the pro-trump
narrative says yesterday was the biggest
success of the Trump campaign it was his
best hour it was the best thing that
he's done in the campaign so far he went
down to Mexico
he looked stayed he looked kind of he
looked he looked sober he didn't go down
and vomit on somebody so it's a big
success and and therefore you know big
win for him he shakes the hand of the
presidents of Mexico the presidents of
Mexico doesn't slam him and then he goes
to Phoenix and he gives a very strong
emotion speech which is very heavy on
policy he does walk back a little bit
kind of Louisiana vaguely walks back the
idea that he's gonna deport everybody
but in such a way that it sounds like he
might still deport everybody so big win
for Donald Trump that's the narrative
from the Trump camp the narrative from
the mainstream media is Trump Goes Down
he appears sober but it turns out that
he fibs right he goes down there and he
says that we didn't talk Nieto the
President of Mexico Pena Nieto we didn't
talk about who was gonna pay for the
magical Trump wall we never had that
conversation and
and pena nieto comes back a few hours
later and he says no we actually did
have that conversation I told him I
wasn't paying for the wall so Trump lied
and then Trump close to Phoenix and he's
supposed to be giving this kind of
moderating softening pitch and instead
he gives a raw meat red meat speech to
his base of supporters who are very
enthusiastic and he doesn't soften
anything at all so big loss immediate
says big loss
Trump's people say big win so now we're
going to talk about what actually
happened I think there's some truth on
on both sides here actually so Trump you
know goes down to Mexico and he's
speaking with with Enrique Pena Nieto
who is the president of Mexico
prosperity and happiness in both of our
countries will increase if we work
together on the following five shared
goals number one ending illegal
immigration not just between our two
countries but including the illegal
immigration and migration from Central
and South Americans and from other
regions that impact security and
finances number two having a secure
border is a sovereign right and mutually
beneficial we recognize and respect the
right of either country to build a
physical barrier or wall on any of its
borders to stop the illegal movement of
people drugs and weapons number three
just mantling drug cartels and ending
the movement of illegal drugs weapons
and funds across our border improving
NAFTA number four NAFTA is a 22 year old
agreement that must be updated to
reflect the realities of today there are
many improvements that could be made
that would make both Mexico and the
United States stronger and keep industry
in our hemisphere number five keep
manufacturing wealth in our hemisphere
we can stop it there so bottom line is
that he goes there and he speaks out all
of his priorities we're gonna stop
illegal immigration we're gonna build a
wall
so here's what this was and here's what
this wasn't it was Trump appearing sober
which was important because the the rip
on him from Hillary Clinton in the
Democrats that he's a complete nutcase
who's gonna go down there and he's gonna
start launching nuclear weapons he was
gonna walk in with a mariachi band and a
taco bowl presented to Pena Nieto and
then annex the country right that's the
way that Hillary Clinton was basically
was basically speaking about how Donald
Trump was going back he didn't do that
he appeared sober he appeared stayed
honestly it looks like he took a couple
of valium and that wasn't a bad look for
him right what this does demonstrate by
the way is that Donald Trump's standard
the standards which we hold Donald Trump
and I think that's actually smart
politically for him is much lower than
it would be for a normal politician he
doesn't have to be interesting he
doesn't have to say anything exciting he
can go down there give a normal speech
and we treat him like we treated
two-year-olds who just peed in the potty
for the first time right we just do big
big round of applause this is it's an
amazing amazing showing I thought the
most amusing aspect of this was was
Laura Ingraham coming out after this and
saying isn't it great that we just had
such a successful meeting with our chief
trading partner I thought you hated
NAFTA Laura I thought that was your
whole deal but in any case Trump you
know Trump gives this statement he
appears sober and he appears not crazy
and that's the whole thing I mean the
whole thing here is he has to look not
crazy on the international stage it's a
big win the media acknowledged that it's
a big win and then Trump is asked about
the wall did you speak about whether
someone would pay for the wall well I'll
start I mean nothing like an easy
question like that we did discuss the
wall we didn't discuss payment of the
wall that'll be for a later date this
was a very preliminary meeting I think
was an excellent meeting and we are I
think we're very well on our way a lot
of the things I said are very strong but
we have to be strong we have to say
what's happening there is crime as you
so he's he goes along along these lines
so great I mean he says we didn't
discuss it and that's fine a lot of
people who are kind of cynically trying
to bash Trump they say well you know why
didn't he discuss it that's him being
weak he can't have it both ways either
you want him to pivot or you don't want
him to pivot if you want him to pivot
then he can't discuss it if you don't
want him to pivot then you wish that he
had mentioned it but then you have to be
ideologically consistent and condemn his
new pivot altogether Charles Krauthammer
who's not at front fan I mean obviously
I'm not Trump in either pretty much
everybody bill kristol Charles
Krauthammer Jonah Goldberg meet like all
the people who you would think of is
sort of the people who don't love
to say the least they said that Trump
helped himself with this particular
jaunt to Mexico and had put Trump on the
international stage you think it will
help oh yes he took a risk and he pulled
it off look the big negative about Trump
the thing that the Clinton campaign
plays on is the fact that it's hard to
imagine him as president being
presidential as the thing he's been
trying to do his staff has been trying
to get for him for the last six months
now here he is standing on the world
stage with the world leader this is a
big step he not only held his own I
think in some ways he sort of dominated
the Mexican President was rather
defensive asking for respect Trump
I thought spoke well and then if you
noticed at the very end when they took
questions
it was Trump who took charge he's
sitting in the palace of the President
of Mexico this never happens normally
it's the host who picks the the
journalist Trump took charge naturally
walked off the stage as the dominant guy
he pulled it off I think he really
helped himself okay and I agree I
thought that he helped himself yesterday
I wrote a piece about it right afterward
hours later the Mexican government comes
down they say Trump why'd he woman we
see what he said we didn't talk about
payment for the wall that's not true
here's a Mexican spokesperson saying
yeah we mentioned the wall so according
to Reuters quote Mexican president
Enrique Pena Nieto on Wednesday told
Donald Trump Mexico would not pay for
the Republican presidential candidates
proposed wall along the border according
to Eduardo Sanchez presidential
spokesman he said what the president
said is that Mexico as has been said on
several occasion will not pay for that
wall so it sounds like from fibbed now
again I don't think that hurts Trump too
badly cuz he said right in front of Pena
Nieto that we didn't talk about it
impending yet to let it go so it looked
like a little bit of sour grapes it
looked like kind of Seinfeld jerks
touring like he's coming about late to
the party
and trying to buy it back but it does
cast a slight gloss on a little bit of a
scar on what was a pretty blemish-free
appearance by Donald Trump then Donald
Trump goes to Phoenix then Donald Trump
goes to Phoenix and Donald Trump gives
this speech in Phoenix now to leadoff I
think it's important to mention a couple
of things one the the speech was not at
a policy conference
not a polity Senate Policy Center I
think this was a mistake if you're gonna
give a big pivot policy speech you don't
do it to a rah-rah cheering crowd of
people who are also cheering when you
said you wanted to deport 11 million
people if you're gonna actually pivot on
that issue you don't do it in front of
the red meat base you actually do it and
like Heritage Foundation so that the
crowd isn't cheering all of the lines
that are the most militant and going
silent at all the lines that are the
most pivot friendly that's if you're
trying to pivot which Trump I think was
trying to do that's number one number
two the theatrics here there's one
element of theatricality that I thought
was good but there are other elements
that were pretty incredible you had Rudy
Giuliani and Jeff Sessions walking on
stage at this event
wearing hat that said make Mexico great
again also I don't know what that's
supposed to mean other than it seems
like a slap at Mexico right I don't know
what are we going to invade are we gonna
take it over it's gonna be like the
shore the halls of Montezuma to the
shores of Tripoli I mean are we are we
gonna go Woodrow Wilson style in there
it's it's it's bizarre but Trump gives
this speech and when and so here's my
initial tank I read the speech last
night I didn't watch the speech I read
it now when I read the speech I thought
this is a very well stated policy
position for Republicans on immigration
I thought it's a really well stated
speech I thought that a mirrored Ted
Cruz's position on immigration in the
primaries which is the position I
supported I found that this was a a very
very strong speech and that was sort of
widely accepted on the conservative
right we looked at the speech we said on
policy this is really good there are
some holes on it when it got to
deportation but it's okay to leave that
vague you don't have to talk about what
you're gonna do ten years from now when
we finally secured the border you can
kind of say okay we'll leave that to ten
years from now when we finally secured
the border so let's go through Trump
speech there was a distinction as I say
one of the problems for Trump was that
Trump is a showman because Trump is a
showman he tends to perform to the live
audience in front of him now somebody
who's done this before I give speeches
all the time it's hard not to respond to
the audience right in front of you as
opposed to the audience that's outside
the camera coming through your TV screen
Trump should know this because he's been
on TV so much but he tends to respond to
the people in the room like a musician
would if you're a musician and you're
playing a concert I'm a violinist if
you're a musician you're playing in
concert and people are clanking their
way through dinner then you're gonna
start getting angry you might play
faster you might play louder to try and
get their attention
Trump responds to the crowd and
she responds to the crowd here he ends
up sounding more extreme than the text
of the speech makes him makes it out to
be and that allows the left to create
their own narrative of what Trump was
actually doing here what he was trying
to do was pivot while still maintaining
a strong immigration position I think
the text of the speech did that I also
see why the left would seize on the sort
of militants of Trump's tone as well as
the as well as the vagary of his
language to suggest that he wasn't
really pivoting at all so we'll go
through that in just a second but first
I want to mention our friends a US tax
shield so look the federal government at
this point is gonna come after everybody
for as much money as they can since
we're basically bankrupt so that means
that you should really have your taxes
in order if you're somebody who has not
had their taxes in order if you're
somebody who actually has run into
trouble with the IRS you need to talk to
my friends over at u.s. tax shield
they've an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau it's not shouldn't be
embarrassing that you have tax problems
with the IRS lots and lots of people do
but you need to solve it right now
rather than sitting on it and waiting
and hoping that it goes away you don't
want to play footsie with the IRS they
don't play games it's the one area of
the government that is actually
efficient of its job because their job
is to take your money they specialize in
helping people who have problems with
the IRS people with personal tax
liabilities and business payroll taxes
fees and penalties so you call them for
a free consultation at 850 twenty to
twenty six eight hundred five four to
two two to six or you can visit them
online at US tax shield com slash Bend
that's us tax shield com /ban make sure
it's yeah the slash pad reminds them
that we sent you and and that's great
for us great for you you get a good you
get a good product and and they continue
to advertise with us and pay for all of
the people who haven't paid their taxes
in this room when you call for your free
consultation they'll have a tax
consultant on the phone and they'll
actually call the IRS hotline with you
and start the process and they'll walk
you through the process and they'll give
you a baseline estimate a guaranteed
quote that never increases at any time
they have a Fresh Start program helps in
helping you come clean with the IRS and
negotiate a solution again their number
at US tax shield is eight hundred five
four two twenty two twenty six us tax
shield com slash been okay unfortunately
that brings us to the end of our
Facebook live in YouTube if you want to
hear my full analysis of Donald Trump
speech plus we got the mailbag coming up
plus we have so many things I like and
so many things I hate it's a jam-packed
show most jam-packed hour in podcast and
in media daily wire.com is where he
subscribes he can
see everything and so you can email us
for the mailbag which we're doing today
daily wired I'm eight bucks a month it
seems like a cheap price to pay for the
privilege of spending time with me
getting come on I mean I make my wife
pay more than that
so daily wire.com if you want to if you
want to become a subscriber if you just
want to listen later you can go to
iTunes or SoundCloud we are the number
one conservative podcast in America
