on Friday a South Carolina high school
stopped students from bringing American
flags to a football game against a
heavily Hispanic rival school why well
the principal was presumably worried
that waving the flag might offend the
Hispanic kids according to the principal
quote this decision would be made
anytime that the American flag or any
other symbol signed cheer or action on
the part of our fans would potentially
compromise the safety of all in
attendance at a school event this isn't
the first such situation the ninth sue
and the ninth US Circuit Court of
Appeals ruled last year a public school
in California could ban students from
wearing a shirt emblazoned with an
American flag on Cinco de Mayo
thanks to fears over racial conflict at
that school the lawyer for the kids said
quote this opens the door for a school
to suppress any viewpoints that are
opposed by a band of vocal and violent
bullies meanwhile has been kind of never
was San Francisco 49ers quarterback
Colin Kaepernick has been widely praised
by the left media for refusing to stand
from the national anthem during football
games he said I'm not gonna stand up to
show pride in a flag for a country that
oppresses black people and people of
color he explained this while earning 19
million dollars for sitting on the bench
he continued quote to me this is bigger
than football it would be selfish on my
part to look the other way there are
bodies in the street and people getting
paid leave and getting away with murder
hey folks for watching the end of
America in real time that doesn't mean
the country's on the verge of actual
implosion but the idea of America
required a common definition of being
American a love of country based on the
basis of its founding philosophy that
has now been undermined by the left love
of country doesn't mean you have to love
everything about America or that you
can't criticize America but loving
America means understanding that this
country was founded on a unique basis a
uniquely good basis that's what the flag
stands for not ethnic superiority or
racial solidarity or police brutality
but the basic notion of individual
liberty and equal rights before God but
with the destruction of that central
principle the ties that bind us together
in their frame and the left loves it in
fact the two defining philosophical
iterations of the modern Left they both
make war with the ties that bind us
together in President Obama's landmark
second inaugural address people haven't
looked at it closely enough he said
quote being true to our founding
documents does not mean we all define
liberty in exactly the same way this is
the same kind of definition worshiped by
Justice Anthony Kennedy who has
single-handed
redefined the Constitution on issues
ranging from abortion to same-sex
marriage he said quote at the heart of
Liberty is the right to define one's own
concept of existence of meaning of the
universe and of the mystery of human
life well I mean after smoking a bong it
probably seems that way but this means
that Liberty has no real definition
outside of stuff I want to do and turns
out we all want to do different stuff
sometimes at the expense of other
people's Liberty and stuff
subjective definitions of Liberty rather
than a common definition means a
conflict of all against all or at least
a conflict of a government controlled by
some who are targeting everybody else
it means our flag is no longer a common
symbol for our shared definition of
Liberty it's just a rag that means
different things to different people
based on their subjective experiences
and definitions of reality and that
truly means we have nothing holding us
together the only way to restore the
ties that bind us is to rededicate
ourselves to the basic idea of Liberty
for which generations of Americans
fought and died that won't happen
so long as the left insists that their
feelings are more important than your
rights I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro
we have such an epic show coming up for
you today but first we have to say thank
you to our friends over at Birch gold so
folks if you're concerned about the
direction of the economy if you think
that President Obama has inflated the
dollar if you think that the real estate
market is inflated if you think that the
stock market is inflated and that we're
headed for a fall given our weak
economic growth you probably are already
thinking about shielding some of your
assets in gold in precious metals and
you should have part of your assets in
precious metals not the whole thing I'm
not saying gold liquidate your bank
account buy a bunch of gold and stock it
under your bed I am saying you should
have part of your portfolio in precious
metals the people that I trust with
precious metals are the folks over at
Birch gold group they have a
long-standing track record of continued
success they have thousands of satisfied
clients they have five-star reviews but
most importantly they have an A+ rating
with the Better Business Bureau so you
know that they're not scamsters right
now because of a little-known IRS tax
law you can even move your IRS or
eligible your your IRA or you're
eligible 401 K into an IRA backed by
physical gold and silver which is a
great way to protect from inflation or
stock market crashes if you want to talk
to the folks at Birch gold group they
will send you a free information kit
on owning physical gold this
comprehensive 16 page kit reveals how
gold and silver can protect your savings
and how you can legally move your IRA or
401k out of stocks and bonds and into a
precious metals IRA to get your no cost
no obligation kit call Birch gold group
at 800 for nine six six six six three
that's 800 four nine six 66 63 or go to
www.hsn
that's bi r CH gold calm slash pen make
sure you add Birch gold / Bend because
that reminds them that were the ones who
sent you and that means that they know
that we've been talking about you and
they continue to advertise which pays
all the other labor for for all of our
our poor minion Oompa Loompas so make
sure that you you go to Birch gold calm
/ been if you're interested in
purchasing the precious metals and
information surrounding it okay so we
begin today with breaking news breaking
news gang Hillary Clinton is super duper
corrupt if that sounds like the breaking
news every day for the last 30 years
that's because it basically is it now
turns out that Hillary Clinton was wait
for it lying about wait for her missing
emails no yeah right I mean everybody's
like whoa no it turns out shocker I mean
this is most shocking news since Rosie
O'Donnell
now she was a lesbian it's true
according to the State Department among
the thousands of emails now recovered by
the FBI from Hillary's bleached bit
ridden personal server there's about 30
emails about the terrorist attacks in
Benghazi Libya so Hillary's you recall
she had said that all of these emails
concerned yoga and her daughter's
wedding I didn't realize that Chelsea
was getting married in Benghazi and that
Hillary had intended on attending yoga
classes in Benghazi I mean at least that
would explain why she hasn't done yoga
for her ten years but she was getting
yoga class emails from Benghazi
apparently or alternatively she was
deleting all sorts of relevant material
because she's corrupt and she was
attempting to shield herself from
scrutiny over that over that corruption
apparently if she was sending this
classified email this classified
material long after or at least at least
information on Benghazi that was deleted
from her server long after she was at
the State Department so she was a
private citizen sending what could have
been classified information via a
private server to other people who
worked for her yes she's deeply corrupt
I love it when the left says there's no
smoking gun there's no smoking gun okay
there has never been and never will be a
criminal case in which there's an actual
smoking gun when he didn't see the shot
fired okay those of those cases may be
limited to once in a thousand years okay
basically here the left's argument is
this you know we say Hillary Clinton set
up a private server
she said it specifically to hide
material and then she deleted the
material she wanted hidden pretty clear
pretty obvious narrative that's why she
did it according to the left they say
well how do you know what was in the
emails maybe it was all innocent okay
this is like saying after the OJ Simpson
murders how do you know that Nicole and
Ronald Goldman were stabbed to death
with a knife how do you know we never
found the weapon we never found the
murder we never found the knife right we
just have their bodies and their heads
cut off so I'm gonna go with it was
enough hey Frank if they're missing a
lot of emails I'm gonna go with she was
deleting emails for a reason she wasn't
doing it just for the funsies of it so
Hillary Clinton continues to be deeply
corrupt it's showing in the polls her
favorable unfavorable numbers are
sinking again and this this is the whole
race is basically who do Americans hate
more Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton it
is amazing the favorable unfavorable
members according to the ABC Washington
Post poll Trump's favorability has now
improved seven points among men while
slipping six points among women but
Hillary's numbers are just a
really bad Hillary's numbers are brutal
I mean we're talking about she slipped
from I think it was 45 - she had 45
percent approval with women 52 percent
unfavorable now she rather the opposite
she used to be 454 243 positive to
negative among women now she's 45 to 52
so she slipped 7/8 points among women in
one month since since the conventions
everybody hates Hillary Clinton they do
because everybody knows that she's
corrupt and terrible and everybody know
she's lying Tim Kaine who's her vice
presidential candidate and the second
unluckiest vice presidential candidate
in this race Tim Kaine said that that
you want anyone to hear something
ridiculous here is here is Tim Kaine
talking about transparency and
accountability
okay so yes he is deeply invested in in
the notion of transparency and revealing
all the information also at no point
will Hillary ever reveal her medical
records the former Obama doctor was on
TV last night stunning the medical world
by announcing that Hillary should
actually have a neurological exam given
the fact that she fell and bumped her
head so badly she had to wear dual
Payton glasses well I think that knuckle
letter was well-written and was very
professional unlike dr. Bornstein it's
not enough for example she is on
coumadin a medication to prevent blood
clots and you have to monitor that and
it says it she's being monitored
regularly I'd like to know what how well
she is being controlled that's a
difficult drug to use also I think she
should have had a neurological
examination a thorough neurological
examination in 2016 we know what happens
to football players who have had
concussions how they begin to lose some
of their cognitive ability I think both
of them should we should release their
record okay Erin Burnett is looking I'm
like I can't believe this guy's saying
this on CNN he's not allowed to say the
stuff yet and somebody cut off his mic
and early this morning this doctor was
found with a bull
at Fort Marcy Park but aside from that
everything is going really well even the
media are beginning to turn on on
Hillary over her corruption ad Stoddard
who's a reporter first used to be for
the hill and she says that the Democrats
have to be terrified about what's gonna
come out of Hillary's emails right Jonas
right so many things she said a year ago
but even that day that Benghazi
testimony in the 11 hours last October
she said I remember that day she said
something the State Department captured
between 90 and 95 percent of her emails
in the State Department had to come out
in the next week and say that they
didn't know where that number came from
but that wasn't true she has obviously
brought this on herself I think what she
probably thought was legalese that would
protect her were actually a bunch of
lies they've all been proven wrong now
it's not just another sugar drop it's
raining shoes and Democrats are
terrified about what's going to be
coming out this week and the end of
September in the days and weeks before
the election first of all I have to
admit that when she said it's raining
shoes for some reason it's raining men
popped into my head which is just sad
for me but in any case she's not the
only one a bee Stoddard isn't the only
one who's saying that this is a problem
David Axelrod who doesn't have any
really he doesn't have a lot of love for
Hillary Clinton he's an Obama dude David
Axelrod he says Hillary's emails were
gonna be the backdrop of this election
and new chapters keep evolving here the
release of the FBI report and presumably
her transcript these 15 thousand emails
that were deleted this is going to be in
the backdrop of this election from now
until November the question is are there
revelations within these emails that are
more damning than the ones we've seen
already if the answer is no then I think
its background music if the answer is
yes it becomes more of a central issue
now it is I think first and foremost sad
that David Axelrod no longer has his
mustache I know that makes no difference
brim just pointing it out even mika
brzezinski who is fully on the donald
trump is a full and sane person we need
to have a full psychological workup of
them even Micah's saying that Hillary's
latest email excuses just don't fly I
think it's all part of the bag is that
the Clintons have logged across the
landscape of this country for 30 years I
don't think it's one specific thing I
think it's just in the
when they get out there in the ether and
today's headline it's 30 emails Benghazi
hidden that doesn't help sorry
30 missing emails about Benghazi that
just doesn't help it's still mushy err
and gushy err no it's not much it's mush
oh my god sound bite not that I'm just
saying what we've been some changes over
a year even further is that the email
thing is big it needs to be answered -
it needs to be completely transparent
from the get-go I guess she couldn't
push the State Department to move along
and get those emails out I mean what is
okay and shockingly Mika Brzezinski is
exactly right so everybody understands
at this point that Hillary Clinton is a
deeply corrupt candidate she's also as
Donald Trump has said she is a
low-energy candidates while Donald Trump
is traveling to Louisiana Hillary
Clinton is sitting back home recovering
from whatever it is she suffers from and
and Donald Trump is out there
campaigning the polls are starting to
tighten a little bit they're not
tightening massively Wisconsin there are
some polls out today that showed that
Trump was down three points among the
likely voters which is a close result
Trump can lose some of the swing states
if he wins Wisconsin he would also have
to win Wisconsin and Iowa those are the
two swing states where he's closest New
Hampshire has basically lost at this
point Pennsylvania is an uphill battle
but Wisconsin results look a little bit
better for Donald Trump I will mention
here that there was some election
results last night that proved that the
entire Republican base is not trumpian I
mean that's that's important to note
Marco Rubio won his primary last night
John McCain
unfortunately when his primary last
night but both of those were opposed by
Trump that obviously didn't stop Rubio
it didn't stop McCain either so you know
they're they're still open debate within
the Republican Party about how much of
an effect Trump has on the Republican
Party but that's that Trump his newfound
campaign what he's done in the last
couple of weeks has been much much
better now that doesn't ignore the fact
he's had absolute utter chaos
on immigration it doesn't ignore the
fact that Donald Trump's edition of
Steve Bannon has opened some really ugly
doors that we're gonna talk about in a
little while here on the show but Trump
is making some interesting moves so
today Donald Trump is headed down to
Mexico he's giving his Big E legal
immigration speech tonight rolling out
his his immigration plan which I thought
he rolled out before but this is the new
improved version of the Donald Trump
immigration plan sponsored by Jeb Bush
he's rolling that out this
evening but before he does that he's
taking a quick jaunt to Mexico where
he's meeting with the President of
Mexico a guy named Enrique Pena Nieto so
to make clear what this is about
Enrique Pena Nieto is really unpopular
in his own country he's got like 23
percent approval ratings he is he's seen
his co-opted he's seen his corrupt and
so he's inviting Trump down and Trump
may be walking into a trap here Trump
may be walking into a bit of a trap here
because there are only a few possible
outcomes to trump going down to Mexico
before this speech there are the two
that I think Trump thinks he's gonna get
and then they're the two that actually
might happen that could be very damaging
for him outcome number one here will do
the two that could help Trump you know
what should we make this part of good
Trump bad Trump yeah let's do it let's
make it part of good Trump bad Trump
sponsored of quarter they the theme song
of course thanks to our good friend
Brandon for for creating it it's time
for a little bit of good Trump bad Trump
let's do it
and we begin with a good Trump yes so
donald trump headed down to mexico so
he's gonna go down to mexico and he's
gonna give taco bowls to everybody or at
the very least I was sort of hoping that
he would it would be fun if Trump were
as stereotypical as everybody thinks he
is it would be really fun if he just
went down there and like a sombrero and
a poncho and playing Speedy Gonzales
cartoons on his on his iPod but I don't
think people do that instead Donald
Trump is gonna go down I think he has
there are four possible outcomes two of
which are the ones that he wants and two
are the ones he doesn't the two that he
wants he could go down there and he
could get some sort of concession from
pena nieto he could go down there and
pena nieto could say I'll help pay for
the wall not gonna happen but in Trump's
dream that's what happens he comes back
up and he waves that piece of paper and
does his speech and he says look at me
I'm I've negotiated a great deal the
greatest deal you've ever seen right you
could do that that'd be the best outcome
for him second best outcome for him is
he goes there he has a conversation and
then he comes back and he says the
issues have been made more clear to me
I'd seen the evidence
I still believe what I believe but I've
talked with the people who really matter
right and then he and then it's an
explanation for why he's flipping a
little bit right it doesn't make sense
according to the timeline but it makes
him look as though he's listening to
outside sources and makes him look as
though he's willing to negotiate makes
him look more moderate on this issue
than he has been heretofore so those are
the two good outcomes that could happen
here are a couple of bad outcomes that
could happen one is this could be an
absolute trap Enrique Pena Nieto because
he's unpopular he could be inviting down
someone even more unpopular in Mexico
than he is Donald Trump just so that he
can smack him in public you could see
this happening cuz he Trump going down
to Mexico and Pena Nieto saying in front
of the cameras this guy says that all of
my countrymen are rapists and murderers
this is a guy who says that he doesn't
want to do business with Mexico and that
we're not their friends and here he is
you know coming down here for his own
electoral prospects that'd be really
devastating for Trump I assume they got
some sort of guarantee from Pena Nieto
that wouldn't happen but it still could
which is why there was opposition in
Trump land about that particular
possibility I think about him going down
to Mexico the other outcome that could
be bad is if Trump goes down there and
smacks pena nieto because then it looks
like you just went down there to kick
the Mexican government right in the
crotch like that that's just very Trump
you
bass will love it but I'm not sure the
American people would be in love with it
so those are the four possible outcomes
in all of this we'll be discussing more
of this when we discussing more good
trump bad Trump in in a little while
first we have to say hello to our other
advertiser for today and that is helix
sleep so helix sleep for for people who
don't know what helix is or what helix
does this is this is really cool
you go on their website and you type in
a bunch of information about the kind of
mattress that you like to sleep on you
go to helix sleep comm and they're on a
3d biomechanical model of your body
through algorithms that they've
developed themselves I've done this
myself with my wife and they ask you
sort of did you heat up at night you get
hot at night you sweat a lot too you
would do you like it firms you like it
sort of moderately firms you like the
mattress soft they ask you obviously
sized ask if your weight in your height
they ask you have hip pain they ask you
for your body build your dr you go with
big shoulders and small hips are the
opposite and then they generate the
mattress that's best for you and they
customize if you're two people they
customize each side of the mattress or
at least they can helix customers say
that there's a better sleep quality and
then in about a week the mattress shows
up shipping is 100% free and everybody
who's tried it that I've talked to loves
it I have mine coming so I'll tell you
how I see how it works as soon as I get
it it should be coming in the next few
days you have a hundred nights to try it
out this is the best party of a hundred
nights to try it out if you don't like
it they'll pick it up for free and then
they'll take it back and give you a 100%
refund they won't ask you why they won't
bother you they'll just take it no
questions asked so you go to helix sleep
calm slash bent and you get fifty
dollars off your order which is a sweet
deal
that's helix sleep calm slash Ben helix
sleep calm slash Ben make sure you use
helix loop comm slash pen so again they
know that we sent you and then they and
then they are advertisers and we're
grateful for for their for their
advertising okay so we're still going to
talk about more of Trump in Mexico what
it means for Donald Trump we're also
going to get to Trump on race he there's
more good Trump and then we're gonna get
to a sentiment that I've seen from some
radio hosts on the right that requires a
bit of a rebuttal and so we'll talk
about that as well plus today is a
little bit of Bible study yes will make
you holier by the end of this show if
you want to be a subscriber and today
you're going to want to because we have
props today daily wire.com
is the place to do it that means you get
to see the rest of the show eight
dollars a month gets you the
subscription plus you get to email me
and be part of the mailbag tomorrow's
daily wire
this brings to an end Facebook and
YouTube you can listen to the rest of
the program will bit later today on
iTunes and SoundCloud we are the number
one conservative podcast in America
you
