so last week the left lost its mind
because the price of EpiPens skyrocketed
EpiPens are these things that use if you
have a bee sting and you go into
anaphylactic shock hillary clinton
quickly jumped on the story she
characterized it as a failure of
capitalism she said quote millions of
Americans with severe reactions rely on
their epi pens over the last several
years Milan Pharmaceuticals has
increased the price of that depends by
more than 400% that's outrageous and
it's just the latest troubling example
of a company taking advantage of its
consumers naturally as always Hillary
called for more regulation but there's a
reason epi pens have skyrocketed in
price and it's not because the company
is SuperDuper mean to little kids who
suffer from bee stings here are the two
real reasons why epi pens got so
expensive so fast first insurance
coverage mass the increase so insurers
and employers typically negotiate with
Milan pharmaceuticals over EpiPen prices
that means end-users didn't have any
clue about the price increases until
they lost their insurance or until their
deductibles jumped so thanks Obamacare
for forcing parents into position where
they had to pay cash for the epi pens or
pay more for their insurance coverage
Milan has actually been giving coupons
to consisted to consumers customers for
co-payments on commercial insurance
they've handed out 700 thousand epi pens
to public schools for free but Obamacare
has made people feel the pain via their
insurance companies because now they
have to buy the insurance or they have
to pay a fine Milan CEO Heather brash
who by the way is the daughter of a
Democratic senator says quote we
recognize the significant burden on
patients from continued rising insurance
premiums and being forced to pay the
full list price for medicines at the
pharmacy counselor so thanks Obama
second reason the federal government
prevents competition so EpiPen could
only jack up prices because they have no
competition in the marketplace EpiPen
doesn't cost six hundred bucks in Europe
that's weird that they were able to
escape competition given that
epinephrine which is the the key
component in the epi pens isn't patented
it's been synthesized for well over a
century in Europe there are lots of
competitors to the EpiPen but in the
United States the FDA has actually
prevented competitors from entering the
market the biggest competitor tapi pen
which is called the Drina click is
barred from substitution for EpiPen and
prescriptions so what that means that if
your doctor writes down EpiPen normally
your pharmacist can give you the generic
version they can - under law obviously
EpiPen lobbies to prevent
so far they've succeeded the solution
here isn't to remove the government
regulation isn't to create more
government regulations that would ensure
more competition in the insurance and
medical device marketplace and the
solution is price controls according to
the left right now make an availability
of EpiPens lower not higher in the end
it would destroy the marketplace
altogether but that's what the
government is good for the government
doesn't create markets it doesn't create
products all it does is create shortages
higher products and tells you it's doing
the bidding of the people well it does
all of these things i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro so first of all we
want to thank our newest advertiser US
tax shield so if you're having problems
because you haven't paid back taxes to
the IRS and let's face it you could have
done that by mistake because the tax
codes are so ridiculous and overbearing
you could have done it because you just
neglected to pay your taxes or you could
have avoided taxes whatever the
situation is the worst thing you can do
now is to just continue to avoid paying
your taxes what you really need to do is
go to my friends over at US tax shields
they have an A+ rating with the Better
Business Bureau and they help all these
people they help people just like you
who have personal tax liabilities or
business payroll tax liabilities or fees
and penalties you can call them for a
free consultation and a senior tax
consultant will call the IRS hotline
with you on the line you can actually
have this this this consultant on the
line to help you find out exactly what
your liabilities are and then they'll
walk you through the process and give
you a guaranteed quote that never
increases no matter how much work they
have to do for you they also set you up
with what they call the Fresh Start
program that helps you come clean with
the IRS settle your debt in a very short
period of time this is obviously
imperative if Hillary Clinton's in the
White House we're all getting audited so
if you have back taxes now's the time to
pay them gang you need to call up US tax
field today free consultation at one
eight hundred five four two two two two
six that's one eight hundred five four
two twenty two twenty six or you can
visit us at US tax shield comm slash men
make sure it's us tax shield comm slash
been the /bin makes sure that they know
that we sent you and that means that
they continue to advertise with us which
of course we'll grateful for and so are
all of the illegal immigrant slave
laborers that we hire to work on this
show their English is surprisingly good
actually but you know they're but but
they're you have okay so US tax shield
calm slash spend the number again eight
hundred five four to twenty two twenty
six okay so we be
today with the latest in Wiener ville so
the Wiener saga continues
Oh Houma has now cut off the Wiener and
she is and she is no longer wearing her
wedding ring which again I know all my
ideas of romance died the minute that
they announced that they were breaking
up I remember when Al Gore broke up with
tipper and everybody that the media went
nuts oh my god if Al Gore is breaking up
with tipper then that means all romance
is dead
well it's it turned out that that
romance was not dead no one cared but
there were like tons of articles about
this al gore if it can happen to Alan
tipper who can't it happen - well me it
can't happen to me but you know that's
but but the same thing is sort of now
happening with Huma and in Anthony
Weiner people going oh my god buyers use
it for home enhance their Justin okay if
your idea of romance was it was an
arranged marriage officiated by Bill
Clinton let me recommend that you have a
better idea of marriage and romance in
the future because come on gang I mean
seriously come on the left though they
said we should all stop paying attention
to Weiner gate 2016 we have to say
Weiner day 2016 because that's what
distinguishes it from Weiner gate 2012
and Weiner gate 2014 but 2016 is a whole
new scandal and the Democrats are saying
we should not pay any attention to
Weiner gate Weiner game must be ignored
ignore the Weiner behind the behind the
curtain so here is jennifer Granholm
who's legitimately one of the crazier
women in politics I mean she is
completely nuts she's the one who was
waving her arms like a shrieking banshee
at the DNC back in 2012 she says it's
time to respect Huma Abedin privacy I
mean I think that Donald Trump and
everyone else should respect the privacy
of Huma Abedin who is as you know an
utterly graceful wonderful human being
who's going through a terrible situation
and who's tried to keep her marriage
together so I say let us respect their
privacy and his nonsense about
classified information okay so what
Trump had said the bother her as he said
that it's it's it's upsetting when you
have somebody who is susceptible to
being blackmailed over over this sort of
stuff so close to classified information
okay it's not the world's strongest
argument but it ain't the end of the
world I mean Democrats have been making
this argument for years and years and
years but the Democrats have decided the
bad guy so so Anthony Weiner
his junk to other people whom Abaddon
has basically a sham marriage with
Anthony Weiner for several years Anthony
Weiner by the way was texting that to
his paramour online he was saying yeah
we have a broken marriage a sham
marriage for the last several years but
the real person at fault here in all of
this is not Weiner and it's not Huma
it's it's actually Donald Trump Donald
Trump is the bad guy here this is all
silly towns I mean the real person at
fault is of course is of course Anthony
Weiner and again if you're surprised by
this then that's because you haven't
been watching the news for the last six
years or so I also want to make one more
point on this and that is the Jennifer
Granholm show it's all personal it's so
private it's personal and private
according to left personal and private
don't really exist anymore the personal
is political every person on the right
who's ever done something that the left
doesn't approve of in their personal
life is outed and shamed in their career
destroyed every single person when
someone on the left does something that
is really kind of gross and we talk
about it then it's all with her personal
life you can't touch their personal life
how dare you how dare you talk about the
deep personal relationship gap that now
exists between Huma Abedin a very public
figure and Anthony Weiner another very
public figure how dare you talk about
such things you know that's their
private life the reason for this is
because people on the Left have no
standards so if you have no social
standards it's very easy to say oh Denny
Hastert look at that guy you know he was
having sex with or at least allegedly
molesting high school boys back in the
day until he's a hypocrite Mark Foley he
was nailing the pages so he's a
hypocrite but Hillary Clinton Bill
Clinton Huma Abedin Anthony Weiner they
have no standards on sexual behavior so
how dare you how dare you call them out
hey what this does it leads everybody to
have no standards and if you have no
standards on sexual behavior if you
don't stand up for any standard on
sexual behavior then you can never be
called the hypocrite right Donald Trump
is not called the hypocrite on sexual
behavior because he has no standards on
sexual behavior this is the way that the
left is capable of destroying standards
for an entire society on the basis of a
few scandals so here's my rule okay if
it's news from one side it's news for
the other if Steve ban and getting into
an altercation with his with his ex-wife
his front page news of the New York Post
then it's also front-page news at the
New York Post that Anthony Weiner was
sexting his junk to two women across the
country
the left doesn't get to claim that the
personal is political except when it
applies to the left at which in which
case the personal is personal also worth
noting for the left what is personal has
always been a very controversial subject
I mean it's in it now I'm supposed to
pay for a woman's abortion that's not
personal I'm supposed to pay for it
that's in their platform it supposed to
be publicly funded abortion I was under
the impression that that was at least
according to the Democrats a private
decision but now I have to pay for it I
have to pay for Sandra flux
contraceptive care I'm supposed to do
all these things because the personal is
no longer personal the private is no
longer private it's my business to pay
for all the stuff you do but it's not my
business what you do that simply doesn't
wash if it's all of our business that we
have to pay for everybody else's sex
lives then if their sex lives become the
news story that's just the way that it
goes but the defenses of the Clintons
and the wieners are rolling on in Joan
Walsh who's legitimately one of the
nuttier people in politics she's over at
salon.com she's on MSNBC the other day
and she's saying that Donald Trump is
not just a bad guy because of human and
she's saying Donald Trump is bad because
he's questioning the health of Hillary
Clinton which shows that he's a vicious
vicious sexist what did Paul Ryan call
the classic definition of a racist
comment this is the classic definition
of sexism we you know men bad men men
basically said for centuries that women
can't handle the rigors of most jobs but
most importantly the presidency because
our tiny little lady brains and you know
are equivalent to hysteria and
exhaustion just on disqualify us from
leading the free world well as no one
has ever said that except for John Walsh
just oh I'm wondering where she got the
whole Donald Trump says the lady brains
are incapable of functioning at high
level if her point here is that lady
brains are capable of functioning at
high level perhaps you could provide us
with a better example next time she's on
television okay in other news the Colin
Kaepernick scandal continues to play out
so the left you know the left has
trouble with the Colin Kaepernick
situation Colin Kaepernick is of course
the really crappy quarterback for the
San Francisco 49ers he is not good at
what he does and he was sitting down for
the national anthem made a big deal out
of it we talked about this yesterday now
the media are starting to just worship
at Kaepernick Salton or Kaepernick is a
brave man he's a wonderful man he's
great brave wonderful man what a
wonderful wonderful guy and they've
trotted out all the usual suspects in
order to talk about how brave Colin
Kaepernick is they've got Spike Lee out
there
Spike Lee who's legitimately a racist I
mean Spike Lee he says that he stares
daggers at interracial couples Spike Lee
is very very upset that Harlem has
gentrified so it's no longer a crap hole
now Harlem actually has people there who
have money their actual investors and
business is moving in making lives
better around the community Spike Lee
opposes that Colin Kaepernick says that
is Spike Lee says Colin Kaepernick is
just like Muhammad Ali what a wonderful
guy Colin Kaepernick is and of course
he's wearing the Malcolm X t-shirt he
made the movie X with with Denzel
Washington but it is worth noting that
for large swaths of the black community
for all of the homage paid to Martin
Luther King in the eyes of a lot of
people on the Left Malcolm X actually
won at the racial polarization of early
Malcolm X not the pre-islamic conversion
when he decided to be to be peaceful the
kind of early Malcolm X Nation of Islam
Malcolm X they're people like Spike Lee
who still believed in that vision of
Malcolm X the head of racial
polarization America is a terrible place
it needs to be torn out by the root here
Spike Lee's to talk about Colin
Kaepernick is a hero for not standing up
for the national anthem Muhammad Ali was
the most hated person in America he
couldn't box it how many people love is
him lighted the torch whose arm is
shaken they should understand in what
tradition the history of why Colin did
this okay the reason Colin did this is
because he didn't get cut in a week and
so when he gets cut he wants people to
think that it was because he was really
having a tough time with the racial
controversy not because he's a super
crappy quarterback but I want to point
out something and that is that the left
actually believes in what Colin
Kaepernick is saying and Donald Trump
had a response to Colin Kaepernick that
I thought was ill calibrated it was ill
calibrated I think a lot of people had
this gut response but it was an ill
calibrated response Trump came out and
he said look if Colin Kaepernick hates
the country so much he can take off
anytime and I think that's a lot of
people's gut reaction and the reason I
say and that's not a credible
intellectual response is we all have
criticisms of how the country is run we
all have criticisms of various policies
that affect us in our daily lives that
doesn't mean you love it or leave it
it does mean that his
criticisms are unfounded it does mean
the colin kaepernick if he truly cared
about young black people he could do
more than mouthing off and sitting on a
bench he could actually go out there and
encourage young black people - for
example finish high school get a job and
not have babies out of wedlock that
would be a much better use of his time
as opposed to ripping on the cops but
the left has decided that colin
kaepernick is the new racial hero
ESPN's Max Kellerman who as I've said is
just an awful host he's on he's on one
of the local stations out here in LA and
he's legitimately the worst host on
radio he does a show called Max and
Marcellus which if you can imagine a
dental drill but in your ear that is
what that is what that show is Max
Kellerman that was on TV and he's
talking about memang how Max Kellerman
is able to get away with he drops into
black dialect every so often on the show
and it's really weird and it's amazing I
was able to get away with it because
he's of the left but here's Max
Kellerman talking about Kaepernick
instead of America love it or leave it
how about America love it so change it
that's been the history of our country
those who really love America have
consistently changed it for the better
okay so he says and I think that that's
correct that you can you can have
criticisms of America without without
leaving America and so the love it or
leave it idea is is it's it can be used
both ways which is why I don't like that
argument but here's the thing I don't
even think folks on the Left love
America I don't I don't know what they
love about America they think America
not only is a terrible place but that it
was founded in this original sin of
racism see the narrative America
according to Howard Zinn is basically
that America was born in sin it was
created in sin and never escaped that
sin so a bunch of evil white guys got
together and decided they didn't want to
be ruled by a bunch of other evil white
guys and they decided they were going to
enshrine a system to protect their own
property rights and they were going to
allow slavery to continue in the United
States for another 80 years because they
wanted to make sure that they were rich
and privileged over the poor minorities
as well as the as well as the poor
whites and then we had 80 years of
slavery and then we had the civil war
which was for a few minutes and okay
thing but wasn't really fought over
slavery anyway it was really fun of her
economic interests and then there was a
hundred years of Jim Crow which was
basically went and nodded at by the
federal government America's a bad place
found hidden racism it's baked into our
DNA as President Obama likes to say
Hillary
has said sort of the same thing and so
what I don't understand is why the left
would be critical with Kaepernick you've
been sitting for the anthem I don't know
why they stand for the anthem you know I
I made this comment to to a lefty this
morning to a morning shot here and this
leftist fellows on the morning show and
we're having this conversation he said I
actually think that there's value to
what Kaepernick sang and I said okay so
let me ask you why do you stand for the
effort in the anthem he says well
because I'm patriotic and I thought to
myself or your word the left likes to
use buzzwords like patriotic but I don't
know what that means if America love it
so change it is the definition of
patriotic then presumably bin Laden
could have been a patriot right he could
love America and just want to change it
by turning it into an Islamic caliphate
and anyone who wants to change the
country at least at its root level
doesn't love the founding ideals what do
you love about America its borders you
like that you like the scenery like well
you have to be more specific what makes
you a patriot what makes me a patriot is
that I believe in the foundational
philosophy of the Declaration of
Independence in the Constitution of the
United States limited government
individual liberty individual
responsibility rights given by God and
that's what I love about the United
States those foundational principles
which we haven't always lived up to but
which we have strived to live up to and
gradually have recognized in some ways
in some very very important ways while
losing it in other ways like when it
comes to government and intervention in
the economy and its crackdown on
religious freedom at the same time that
we've obviously expanded the the
beautiful ideas of the Constitution and
declaration to various minority groups
blacks and Hispanics and gays and Jews
and women you know as we've done all of
that which has been a wonderful
wonderful development we've receded in
some ways with regards to the size and
scope of government which now is in your
business all the time every day right I
mean that's that's just the fact in
there but you can love that love the
founding principles which is what the
flag was created to stand for I don't
think that the left likes those
principles very much they don't like
limited government they don't like the
idea of god-given rights you get your
rights from government according to the
left not from God they don't like the
idea of individual responsibility we're
all supposed to take corporate
responsibility collective responsibility
for the individuals sin so I'm not sure
why they stand for the anthem I'm really
not I think they do it out of politics
and here's the thing most people know
this most people know this this is what
Harvard did a study in 2011 and in this
study what they found was that the vast
majority of people who actually go to a
fourth of July March like a 4th of July
parade ends up moving toward the right
end and moving toward Republicans even
though the parade's have no political
content there's no political content
there they end up moving to the right
anyway because when people swell to the
flag when people thrill to the idea of
America what their thrilling to is the
founding story that story of a country
founded in grand ideals that we haven't
always lived up to but we've lived up to
better than any other country and we've
spread that Liberty around the globe
insured it for literally billions of
people all over the planet over the
course of history
we've saved countless lives who've made
life better for everyone inside the
United States were the most powerful
most free country in the history of the
world that's what we love about it the
left doesn't love those things
the left sees us the left sees history
is why they call themselves progressive
they see history as a continuous chain
of improvements but what that means is
that the founding principles were bad
and so we're improving those founding
principles we're moving beyond that
Barack Obama said this in his second
inaugural address I thought it was the
most ignored important line in in
history and in modern history he said
freedom means we don't all have to
define Liberty the same way well no
that's actually what we do have to
define the same way that's the one thing
we do have to define the same way if we
don't define Liberty the same way then
your Liberty is my tyranny because your
Liberty to get a cake from me ensures
that you can cram down on me the ability
to steal my cake for your gay wedding
right your your Liberty to get health
care means that you can force my wife
who's a doctor to take care of you
without paying her we have to define
liberty the same way or there's nothing
else to talk about in the United States
but the left doesn't like any of these
principles and so the left is so I asked
the left why don't you sit alongside
Kapernick I mean that's really what you
should do okay well we have to take a
break here on Facebook live and YouTube
but you can go to Daley wired.com to
subscribe to the rest and we have lots
coming up including deconstructing the
culture and talk about we're gonna talk
about Donald Trump's debate preparation
for whatever its it's worth I'm not
encouraged we'll talk about that we'll
do some good Trump bad Trump will we'll
talk about Hillary and her continuing
unfolding failure of a campaign lots to
get to daily wire calm eight bucks a
month you can become a subscriber plus
you can join the mailbag which we do on
Thursdays
the vaunted ben shapiro mailbag the
greatest mailbag in all of human history
so we'll be doing that on Thursdays go
to daily wire.com to subscribe or if you
just want to listen to the rest then go
to iTunes or SoundCloud we are the
number one conservative podcast in
America so thank you
you
