before returning to work after the
Clavin last weekend I always take the
time to research the news in order to
find out what's been going on while I
was receiving my regenerative youth
transfusions and disposing of the bodies
of the virgins here's a summary of what
I learned from my deep study of
mainstream media news sources the
mainstream media report that there's
been flooding in Louisiana and unlike
President George W Bush who did not rush
to Louisiana during Hurricane Katrina
because he didn't care about black
people President Obama did not rush to
Louisiana because he didn't want to
cause traffic jams and distract from
rescue efforts Donald Trump rushed to
Louisiana because he's a heartless
grandstander who use even a fatal
disaster to get himself on television
whereupon Obama decided to rush to
Louisiana because he's a sensitive
leader who cares so very deeply about
the American people now that his summer
vacation is over Hillary Clinton didn't
rush to Louisiana because she just
wasn't feeling up to it not that she's
sick or anything she's totally not
totally she just needs a little rest
totally well as if Trump's actions
handing out relief materials to flood
victims weren't disgusting enough the
billionaire went on to make racist
remarks pointing out that black
Americans under Democratic leadership
have poor schools low employment and
dangerous neighborhoods this was an
outrageously cruel statement to make
about a disadvantaged segment of our
society already suffering from poor
schools low employment and dangerous
neighborhoods Trump continues to use
hateful racist violent rhetoric to
incite his crappy cracker followers who
deserve to be killed in other mainstream
media news it at first seemed the Obama
administration did not give four hundred
million dollars to the terrorist state
of Iran Iran as ransom because that
would only encourage Iran to kidnap more
Americans but then luckily it turned out
the money was was ransom because the
administration had courageously said
Americans free in a canny negotiated
settlement Trump's former campaign
manager was revealed to have taken money
from the Ukraine because of his dark
sinister ties to Russian leader Vladimir
Putin whereas Hillary Clinton was
revealed to have taken money from the
you
crane because of the charitable work
done by the Clinton Foundation finally
the mainstream media revealed that there
was absolutely no hack of documents from
the not at all sinister billion or
billionaire George Soros who was
therefore not revealed to have funneled
money to the non hateful non violent
black lives matter groups the absolutely
totally unwilling Soros was also not
shown in the not hacked emails not to
have pressured the Obama administration
into taking even more completely
non-threatening Syrian refugees
obviously if anything else had happened
it would have been reported which it
wasn't anywhere which is totally non
sinister like Soros I hope this little
summary gives you some sense of the deep
research that goes into our show as we
gather all the weekend reporting of the
mainstream media together in one place
also it's cheaper than buying real
toilet paper trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Clavin show I love this flooding thing
where Bhama is playing golf while the
people in Louisiana drown and he it's so
good it's so generous of him you know
and then you know Trump goes there and
he hands out play-doh to the children
they've lost everything he gives them a
little toy so what are they ain't
play-doh for what's the matter what's
this guy's terrible anyway we're back
we're back it's the claim last weekend
is over it's time to sweep up bury the
bodies rebuild the cities and all this
and we are and with you here on Facebook
and YouTube for 15 minutes and then
we're wink out and suddenly you'll be
plunged back into darkness but you can
come to the Daily wire download us on
iTunes or SoundCloud and if you
subscribe on Wednesday we can include
your questions in the mailbag I keep
getting these questions on Twitter and
email and they keep saying couldn't you
ask this on your show no part with your
lousy eight box
let's go let's go it's 30 days free and
then we come and take $8 and probably
some of your knickknacks and you know we
just break into your house all right and
also please if you will preorder my
memoir the great good thing a secular
Jew comes to faith in Christ
send me the receipt at 8 Clavin at daily
wire.com
and I will send you a sticker with an
autograph you can put in the book that's
the great good thing a secular Jew comes
to faith in Christ you will genuinely
enjoy it I'm getting such great
reactions early reactions and pre
publicly publication reviews I think
you'll really like it
alright the Trump pivot this is the big
news Trump has changed he's no longer
Trump he's an entirely different
candidate this is wonderful he made his
speech just as he waited til he knew we
were going off the air because he knew I
would mock him you know it just waited
and at the last minute he made this
speech and he said any remember he's now
got his new team Steve Bannon and Kelly
Dan Conway or now is running his
campaign and he's in Charlotte North
Carolina and makes the speech saying
maybe he hasn't always said the exact
right thing as you know I'm not a
politician
I've worked in business created a great
company created lots of jobs rebuilding
neighborhoods that's what I've done all
of my adult life I've never wanted to
learn the language of the insiders and
I've never been politically correct it
takes far too much time
truthfully it takes far too much time
and can often make it more difficult to
achieve total victory sometimes in the
heat of debate and speaking on a
multitude of issues you don't choose the
right words or you say the wrong thing I
have done that
and believe it or not I regret it
and I do regret it particularly where it
may have caused personal pain too much
is at stake for us to be consumed with
these issues but one thing I can promise
you this I will always tell you the
truth okay kind of a non-apology apology
only it's only because he's so honest
he's he's not a politician spending time
rebuilding America and didn't really
learn you know so I'm a little confused
does this mean Ted Cruz's father didn't
kill JFK because I you know I thought we
had solved that problem anyway you know
it's a non-apology apology but it's a
different tone I think we have to be
fair and say that it is a different tone
it is not the usual Donald Trump
belligerence it's not I won't apologize
for anything and I I have to be honest I
have a little sympathy for the people
who don't like to see politicians
apologize because the left has been
using what the left does is it twists
our good manners against us that's what
it does it says you've offended me
nobody wants to offend anybody I don't
want to offend anybody you know but it
says like oh you know you you waived an
American flag that's offensive to me you
offended me so everything you do that
expresses your right wing conservative
opinions your pro-american opinions your
constitutional opinions becomes an
insult to them you know in some kind of
racist comment and everybody has to
apologize for everything and we're all
walking on tiptoes and all it really is
you shut up all it means is shut up
don't say anything that disagrees with
the left-wing agenda of the government
taking over every aspect of your life
and telling you exactly how you should
pay at every minute how you should run
your business all this stuff don't say
anything about that or you're a racist
terrible person so apologize and so when
we see Trump not apologize we like it on
the other hand a lot of stuff where you
know a normal decent person would
apologize and all these things get
confused together because though it's
really the left started it the left did
this whole thing I mean there was a you
know this movie sausage party has come
out and some gay site did a review of it
saying something nice about the
depiction I haven't seen the movie yet
so I'm not sure what we're talking about
but it's the
fiction voiced by Salma Hayek of a
lesbian taco shell I believe it is a
lesbian taco and they were attacked
because no she's not a lesbian she's
bisexual taco shell is this website put
out a 2,600 word apology a 2,600 word
apology we do just some quick math that
is 8 tight pages 9 8 or 9 typed pages G
that they put out so I think we're all a
little tired of apology so he makes this
apology but he's kind of winking at the
audience but he's a different tone and
there has been what some people are
perceiving is a little bit of pull back
on his anti-immigration stuff so for
instance he once said he was gonna have
an immigration force he was going to
establish an immigration force to come
to your house and arrest the
approximately nobody really knows how
many there are but approximately 11
million illegal aliens and deport them
and you can just imagine what that's
going to look like on television mother
mother please don't take my mother
oh we're even even all those Trump guys
who are shouting build a wall build a
wall are gonna be going like what you
know that's what it looks like when you
drag a child away from its mom that
doesn't look as good as it did in my
imagination in my legend you know when I
was raging in the room by myself that
looked like a lot of fun but suddenly
it's not so now he's kind of pulling
back here's Kelly Anne Conway his new
communicator who is just kind of just
fudging on the edges of this a little
bit so does Donald Trump still support
that a deportation force removing the 11
million or so undocumented immigrants
what are you supports and if you go back
to his convention speech him a month ago
Dana Donna what he supports is to make
sure that we enforce the law that we are
respectful of those Americans who are
looking for well-paying jobs and that we
are fair and humane for those who live
among us in this country and as the
week's unfold as the weeks unfold he
will lay out the specifics of that plan
that he would implement as president of
the United States will that plan include
a deportation force the kind that he
just you just heard in that sound bite
and that he talked about during the
Republic
primary's to be determined GBD two
months two months still the guy would
you know it theoretically becomes
president not two months two months
before the election we don't know it's
it's it's kind of a major point but
that's okay so he's so he's he's just
softening his tone a little bit now here
are two takes on this okay one is
Krauthammer is he's gives you the
political take which is cynical and you
know hard to believe you know how is it
that this guy is gonna change the
personality of a lifetime and become a
you know it really would have to be a
different donald trump entirely
so here's crowd Emmer expressing just a
little bit of cynicism you get two
strikes three strikes and you're out
you had a third of firing and it'll be
called disarray chaos confusion but I
think at this point people understand
that with the stories coming out about a
matter forward it was impossible to keep
him on and so that's sort of explicable
the other part is we saw from the speech
that Trump made late today in Michigan
they the process of softening the man is
underway I mean this is a very heavy
soak a wash a dry a spin and they
they're they're doing it I think rather
effectively talking about the concern of
minorities supposedly confessing that he
occasionally says the wrong things let's
see if he can do that without reading
off a teleprompter and I'm sure he'll be
asked what do you regret can you give an
example it'll be extremely interesting
to see if he gives an example and which
example it might be so Krauthammer makes
a good point there because remember it's
not just this apology thing I regret
occasionally running over backing over
my friends children's and whatever he's
saying you know it's not just that he's
had a trump has had a good four or five
days you know he made an excellent
foreign policy speech Bolton was in The
Wall Street Journal saying this was a
good foreign policy speech
excellent speech and law-and-order his
thing about blacks this the speeches
he's making about blacks driving the
left crazy tip well just play a little
bit of the second Trump cut the inners
of our country have been run by the
Democratic Party for more than 50 years
their policies have produced only
poverty joblessness failing schools and
broken homes it's time to hold
Democratic politicians accountable for
what they have done to these communities
at what point do we say enough
at what point do we say enough
it's time to hold failed leaders
accountable for their results not just
their empty words over and over again so
you know that that drives that drove the
Hillary camp nuts because he's saying
that you know black people's lives suck
on their Democrats which is absolutely
true it's absolutely true listen how
could you say such terrible things but
there's another take on Trump that
really fascinates me and unfortunately
if you're on Facebook you got to come
over or YouTube come on over to the
Daily wire and hear the rest it's really
an interesting different take on what
Trump is doing
