so Hillary and Obama lied again because
of course they did
President Obama claimed last week four
hundred million dollars sent to Iran at
the exact same time Iran was releasing
American hostages not wasn't a ransom
payment it was all just a big ol big
coincidence Hillary Clinton said quote
the White House has talked about this
and this is kind of old news it was
first reported about seven or eight
months ago except it wasn't and it turns
out that not only was the payment to
ransom everybody saw it that way at the
time according to The Wall Street
Journal today quote new details of the
$400 four hundred million dollar u.s.
payment to Iran earlier this year to
pick the tightly scripted exchange
specifically timed to the release of
several American prisoners held in Iran
US officials wouldn't let Iranian take
control of the money until a Swiss Air
Force plane carrying three freed
Americans departed from Tehran on
January 17th unquote this means that the
American government has now become the
pr spokes agency for the Iranian terror
regime the Obama administration lied
about whether Iran had captured American
sailors you remember this Secretary of
State John Kerry even thanked the
Iranians for their help as Americans
were humiliated and disarmed and they
took pictures of them and then they
built statues of them being disarmed the
Obama administration continues to lie
that Iran is abiding by the nuclear deal
even as reports emerged that Iran tried
to buy in technology to build a military
nuclear program according to Germany's
intelligence services the entire Iran
deal was built on the back of a gigantic
lie peddled by the media openly mocked
inside the Obama administration the lie
that Obama had only opened negotiations
after spotting a moderate new regime in
Tehran in reality Obama always wanted to
deal with the Iranians their lies mean
nothing
of course the media have no desire to
report them the Obama administration has
no need to answer questions that are
rarely asked I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
so today's word of the day is
despondency gang despondency yes it
turns out that today I'm in a very
depressed mood I'm not in a depressed
mood because of the whole Steve ban in
joining the Trump campaign thing I'm in
a depressed mood because I don't think
that truth matters anymore in American
politics or at least it seems not to
matter as much in American politics as
it as it once did and that's that's a
problem to me
now I'm gonna preface this discussion by
saying as always if you're voting for
Donald Trump do you stop Hillary Clinton
I read you I sympathize with you I made
you the same thing myself when I get
into the voting booth what I've said all
along is I will not lie for Donald Trump
I will not fib
I will not give you information that
it's not true I will not pretend that
the government can do things that it
can't do I will not rip on things that I
know are obviously true okay with that
in mind let's jump right into what was
by any measure the the most viewed clip
of the day yesterday from cable news and
I know this because I was the second
most viewed clip yesterday on cable news
but the most viewed clip on cable news
and it's well deserving of it was
Michael Cohen Michael Cohen is the
lawyer for Donald Trump and Donald
Trump's campaign apparently and stays on
with Brianna Keilar I was on with her as
well yesterday play that clip in a few
minutes but she's on with Michael Cohen
and I want you to watch Michael Cohen's
reaction to basic facts ok Brianna
Keilar I'm sure is on the left I don't
know much about her she works for CNN my
guess is she's on the left okay that
doesn't change the basic fact the polls
right now are not good for Trump by the
way there's a new poll out today that's
not horrendous for Trump it's a new poll
from Pew and I think it has Trump down
by 4 points 41 to 37 it's still trailing
but at least within spitting distance at
least within spitting distance it's
again Trump cannot break with a pickaxe
43% in any poll lately can't even break
40% in any poll but this is a better
poll because Hillary continues to be the
world's worst candidate except for
Donald Trump okay all of that said
Brianna Keilar is questioning Michael
Cohen and for very good reason this
became the clip of the day you say it's
not a shake-up but you guys are down and
it makes us think that there would such
as most of them all of them
says who tolls I just told you I
answered your question okay
which poles all of them okay and your
question is okay so my question is and
there's nowhere to go from there I mean
and she goes on to ask a question and
the question but yes yes it turns out
that Donald Trump is down in all of the
polls okay I'm looking right now at the
Real Clear Politics poll average the
last poll that Donald Trump led in the
last poll it is now August 18th is
today's date correct it is now August
18th the last poll that Donald Trump led
in was taken ending July 24th okay he
does not let a poll in a month I'm
looking at the Real Clear Politics poll
average right now I'm looking at the
entire list of polls now I think that
the race will probably tighten because
this is what races tend to do they
tighten and they widen and they tighten
and they widen but I think that right
now right now the polls are the polls
and you can't argue that polls don't
exist just because you don't want them
to exist unfortunately you're about to
see Eric Bolling do exactly that I don't
know whether he huffed glue before this
particular segment but here's Eric
Bolling on Fox News pretending that
polls no longer exist there figments of
your imagination these polls Dana I'm
honestly you we have to stop of these
polls they're insane with a pulse you
look at these just look what's going on
you look at a trump rally and there's 12
15,000 1500 2000 but that's 82 days out
it's a real disservice to his supporters
to lie to them that the camp that those
polls don't matter
you cannot take 12,000 people at a rally
that are your definite supporters they
are going to show up the campaign and
then say the polls are wrong she is the
one person sitting at home still cancels
polls really shouldn't matter or
shouldn't ever matter you pick up the
phone you say will you who are you gonna
vote for that person on the other end of
the phone says well I'm gonna vote for
Hillary Clinton but about their voting
going to a rally those are people who
get up off the couch and go hear
something and go say something that
that's why I think I'm saying that
days of crowds is more indicative of
following or even yeah holy man actual
people okay what he is saying is it's a
lie it's a touching insane lie what he's
saying I remember back in 2012 right
before the election there's a very very
big rally for Mitt Romney in
Pennsylvania very well covered huge
stadium full of people 30,000 people and
people saying the whole time look at
that look at the size that shows the
enthusiasm Romney's gonna win I remember
back in 2012 because I did some of this
we all looked at the polls and we said
we think these polls are skewed right
this is where the whole mockery of
unschooling polls comes from in 2012 we
looked at the polls and we said and it
was at least a plausible theory that
turned out not to be true the plausible
theory was they're looking at a model
that are looking at a model that is
based on a turnout model from 2008 well
I don't think a look at a turnout model
that includes 2010
why don't they look at the turnout model
that includes the the higher Republicans
turnout in the midterm election and it
turns out the polls were not skewed the
polls were all exactly correct and if
you followed the polls then you got it
right now even after that lesson there
are people who are Trump fans Trump
supporters who are simply going to lie
to people so I was on the air this
morning with a friend of mine Jenn Horne
and we were talking about the polls and
she was saying a lot of Americans a lot
of the base they think that polls are
establishment tools and a certain
somebody else this morning who is a fan
of Trump and she was saying the same
thing yet polls you know can we trust
the polls or the polls just biased in
favor of Hillary and I said to her let
me explain something the media are
biased in favor of Hillary this is
eminently true it is clearly true the
media hate Donald Trump the media want
Hillary to win it wouldn't matter who
the Republican is the media would want
Hillary to win that's true I'm not
arguing with that because that's silly
to argue with it's obviously true that
the media despised Trump and want
Hillary to win polls don't work that way
you have many many many polling
companies their entire credibility is
based on their capacity to correctly
measure public opinion there is a
methodology to making a poll I don't
know how to make a poll because I'm not
an expert in polling this is why you
have poll experts what Paul experts do
is they determine what is the breakdown
racially in terms of viewpoint in terms
of location that best represents the
electorate right they have to actually
reconstruct a mini kind of microcosm of
the electorate and that's how they do
these polls the polls aren't done right
Emily in the sense that they just call
people up on the phone randomly and then
that's the poll it's not the end of the
polling data there's a whole art to it
and a whole something more importantly
is a whole science to it and yet I'm
hearing from people that polls are an
establishment tool pose earnest truth
matters I'm not going to lie to you that
polls only matter when Donald Trump is
winning in the polls that's crap
it's nonsense it's stupid and you're
breeding a nation of morons when you
tell people that facts don't matter when
you tell people science doesn't matter
now the left has done this for years
this is what drives me absolutely up a
wall we're supposed to be better than
they are we're not supposed to have to
lie to our own people without lying to
the rest of America lie to our own
people about what polls say the eric
bolling knows at the polls say and he
knows that trump is down in the polls
Michael Cohen knows the polls say that's
why he doesn't even he's not even able
to come back when Briana Keller says all
of the polls say he's losing there's
nothing you can say about that right
because there's nothing to say the polls
matter but it's like it's like somebody
with a fever
taking the thermometer taking their
temperature and then going screw the
thermometers things by is an
establishment thermometer mister mama
tur isn't science basically there's a
whole segment of Trump supporters the
most ardent Trump supporters who have
now decided to treat polls the way the
n' sound the insane clown posse treats
magnets they're freakin magnets how do
they work and don't tell me none of that
science stuff okay that's what we have
now have in part of the Trump train what
do polls how do they work and don't give
me none of that science stuff it's magic
it isn't magic folks there's an actual
science to it and you're not doing
anybody any service when you do this
you're lying to them you're telling them
that they can just ignore the polls
you're telling Donald Trump you can
ignore the polls you can get as dumb as
he wants to be you can be as bad at
campaigning as you wants to be all that
matters is the size of the crowd let me
explain something to you there are about
7,000 people who show up to every WNBA
game does that mean that the polls are
wrong when it comes to the unpopularity
of the WNBA after all 7,000 people it's
not a few people it's a lot of people
showing up to every single crappy WNBA
game made the size of the crowd is not
indicative of the level of support
publicly
I mean Gutfeld makes that point there
and he's exactly right the person who's
sitting home counts just as much at the
ballot box as the person who goes to the
Trump rally you don't get extra credit
going to a trump rally this is just it's
it's just dumb stuff it's just dumb and
it has an impact and the impact is that
people believe lies and they believe
that they can no longer trust any
information that comes forth they can't
trust the polls anymore they can't trust
the media I agree that you have to take
everything the media say with a grain of
salt and double-check it but pretending
that everything that the media say is an
outright 100% lie isn't true either it's
just the beginning of these the
beginning of the conversation tasks what
are the biases of the reporter doesn't
mean that what they're reporting never
occurred you actually have to check it
out before you determine that evidence
folks I require it on all sides evidence
evidence evidence evidence now I'll give
you another example today there's a Pew
poll out it shows 61% of Republicans now
say that they don't like free trade okay
that number was a majority that likes
free trade before Donald Trump came
along and started lying to people that
free trade was stealing your jobs and
sending them south of the border to that
rich nation known as Mexico right before
Donald Trump started fibbing and giving
the PAP you can in lie that Vietnam was
slowing us economically and that China
was stealing all of our jobs before that
people understood hey the reason I have
a nice cell phone here is because of
outsourcing because there is comparative
advantage because of free trade the
reason a lot of Americans have jobs is
because of free trade millions and
millions and millions of Americans have
jobs thanks to free trade but Donald
Trump has told this lie and people
believe the lie and so now there's a
bunch of people who are expecting here's
the thing that sets up expectations that
cannot be fulfilled the expectation now
is that Donald Trump is gonna bring your
job back to Ohio by shutting down free
trade ain't gonna happen folks not
happening that job is not coming back to
Ohio because Donald Trump shut down free
trade and if it does come back to Ohio
because Donald Trump shut down free
trade you just put three other people
out of work here's another lie that
they've been telling okay the Republican
establishment told us the lie in 2010
that if we elect them they would stop
Obamacare that's what they said that was
their pledge well if you if you elect us
we will stop Obamacare debt they didn't
do it they didn't do it right when Ted
Cruz tried to do it with the government
shutdown everybody lost their minds hey
then in 2014 they said if you elect us
will stop Obama's executive amnesty to
get into power they fund Obama's
executive amnesty and naturally this
makes people angry
when you lie to people and then you
disappoint them they get mad they get
mad and so that's where Donald Trump
comes from but Donald Trump isn't honest
Donald Trump is lying too and so there
will be disappointment but the
disappointment won't be blamed on Trump
the disappointment won't be blamed on
Trump's incompetence and lies the
disappointment will be blamed on the
people who told the truth and this is
the part that's super frustrating to me
in a binary race everyone understands on
the right side of the aisle that Hillary
Clinton is a terrible terrible person
who should never be President of the
United States it's why despite all of
the problems that I have with Donald
Trump and I God have spent the last few
months describing them despite all the
problems I have with Donald Trump I wake
up every single morning considering
whether I can vote for this man every
single morning the first thought that
goes through my head at this point is me
personally can I vote for Donald Trump
but the one thing that I've never had to
reconsider is do I live for Donald
Trump's I'm not gonna lie to anybody
because I'll tell you what the impact of
the lie is gonna be the next lie is
gonna be when Donald's right he's gonna
say the polls are wrong the polls are a
lie the polls aren't a lie and then if
he loses and you may not but if he loses
and he loses well the polls are saying
he's gonna lose he's gonna say well the
polls were wrong you people are gonna
say well the poll said you're gonna lose
you lost right I mean that's how it
works Trump is gonna say no the polls
were lying to you they were just an
establishment kook tool right and
therefore what really happen now we were
stabbed in the back that's what happened
we were stabbed in the back by our own
people that's what happened here that's
why we lost now you want to make the
argument that the never Trump people are
the ones who are responsible for Trump
losing you're gonna have to do better
than that cuz they're five of us left
okay if Trump loses by one vote in
California and I'm the guy who didn't
vote you could get free to blame me okay
that's that's how this works if I vote
for Donald Trump right now according to
the polls he loses by nine million nine
hundred ninety nine thousand nine
hundred ninety nine votes instead of ten
million okay but that doesn't make a
difference the only thing I care about
B's my vote doesn't mean anything I'm in
California the only thing I care about
is no one should be lying to you
including lies you yourself want to hear
the pretty little lies that tell you
that everything will be all better if we
just pretend that polls don't exist the
pretty lies that say that free trade is
destroying your life the pretty little
lies that say that free trade with we
abolish it it won't hurt the economy but
why is that if we elect a Republican
Congress they were gonna stop Obama on
Obamacare and and any of the rest of it
and executive amnesty
lies don't
pay off they don't pay off and anyone
who lies to you should be blamed for
lying to you but I guess lies don't
matter anymore because in the end all
that really matters that we feel good
about ourselves while we do what it is
we're gonna do this is what's ticking me
off today this is why I'm depressed it
excite the truth no longer has a value
I'm sick of hearing lies I'm just sick
of hearing it I'm sick of hearing lies
about me I'm sick of hearing lies about
Trump from the media I'm sick of hearing
lies from Trump about polling data I'm
sick of hearing lies from Trump about
policy I'm sick of hearing Hillary open
her mouth because every time she opens
her mouth she lies we now live in a
world that is completely filled with
lies and we just picked the lies that
are most convenient for us to hear
because then we feel better about our
own lives but guess what those lies
aren't gonna make you feel good in the
end because it'll be proven that they
were wrong and that there were false and
people who told the truth
you can either blame them or you can
either you can blame the people who told
you lies I'm increasingly fearing that
in this country the people who told the
truth will be blamed because they're
ruining the utopian visions of the
people who lie to you and tell you
things that are impossible are about to
occur well sorry for that depressing
note but as we're gonna continue this
obviously the rest of the show at daily
wire.com a lot more to get to including
updates on Steve ban and joining the the
Trump campaign as well as what Trump's
debate strategy can be can he salvage of
this I mean he's starting to pull up in
the polls he can if he has the right to
mate strategy we'll talk about what his
debate strategy ought to be plus the
vaunted ben shapiro mailbag coming up
daily wire $8 a month you can be a
subscriber you can watch us every day
and you can tell whether I'm happy or
disappointed or depressed based on my
face not just on my voice so that'll be
exciting for you also you can go to
youtube sorry we would finish off
Facebook live and YouTube right now but
you can view the rest at Daley wire.com
by subscribing or you can go to iTunes
and SoundCloud and download the rest in
terms of the audio
