Hillary Clinton constantly wines that
people believe conspiracy theories about
her there's a reason for that
many of the conspiracy theories about
her have sort of turned out to be true
the most obvious Hilary used her
position at the State Department to sell
favors to foreign nations to help out
the Clinton Foundation her enormous
gigantic slush fund here's a list of
countries and figures who have benefited
thanks to hillary clinton's dramatic
corruption gilbert jugglery according to
the New York Post Hillary Clinton's
aides including Huma Abedin and Cheryl
Mills traded their access on behalf of
Hillary in exchange for donations to the
Clinton Foundation in one particular
case Gilbert to glory a billion dollar
donor to the Clinton Foundation he said
like a Nigerian prince type received
access to Hillary via dug band who was
leading the Clinton Foundation at the
time Segura is a Lebanese Nigerian
businessman he had to pay a sixty six
million dollar fine for money-laundering
so he fits right into the Clintonian
circle how about the Russians Hillary
essentially allowed the State Department
to sign off on the Russian Atomic Energy
Agency Raza Tom taking over a Canadian
Canadian uranium company with rights to
remove uranium from American soil
the Russians according to the New York
Times ended up with 1/5 of all uranium
production capacity in the United States
in exchange the Clinton Foundation
received two point three five million
dollars in donations from the chairman
of the Canadian company Bill Clinton got
500 grand for speech in Moscow or how
about the Saudis according to the Ivy
Times the State Department signed off on
the delivery of twenty nine billion
dollars of fighter jet technology to the
Saudis they reported quote in the years
before Hillary Clinton became Secretary
of State the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
contributed at least 10 million dollars
to the Clinton Foundation furthermore
the contractor making the planes Boeing
gave almost a million dollars to the
Clinton Foundation just about two months
before the deal went through how about
the Chinese going all the way back to
the Clintons first White House
rock-and-roll tour Chinese citizens
funneled cash into the Democratic
coffers and so did the CEO of a missile
technology company in return the
Clintons worked to declassify missile
technology secrets which were then used
by the Chinese about Sidney Blumenthal
Clinton hatchet man Sidney Blumenthal he
was working as an unofficial Hillary
adviser as well as an employee for that
Clinton Foundation when he was sending
her Libya intelligence that according to
the New York Times appeared to have come
from a group
business associates he was advising as
they sought to win contracts from the
Libyan transitional government the
venture was ultimately unsuccessful but
it's another brick in the Clintonian
wall of corruption how about a guy named
Claudio Osorio loose Oreo is Miami
businessman he served 12 years in prison
on corruption charges he helped to use
the Clintons to obtain a 10 million
dollar loan for a housing project in
Haiti after the earthquake Hillary was
ready to use the State Department to
push for the lawn - the company they
never built the homes they defaulted on
the loan according to an investigator
the company directed 30 million dollars
to foreign bank accounts and the money
was not retrievable according to the
Washington free beacon a soryo fund
raise for Hillary in 2007 donated tens
of thousands of dollars to the Clinton
Foundation that's just some of the stuff
that we've gone through bill tried to
convince Hillary to allow him to give a
$650,000 speech in Congo which is a
dictatorship and it would have included
a photo op with the dictators bill
wanted to take money to speak in North
Korea the list of individuals with
corrupt ties to the Clintons it's
extraordinarily long yes Hillary Clinton
is the most corrupt woman ever to run
for high office she's the most corrupt
person ever to run for high office she
would sell America's national security
down the river
ERD has given that she chose to set up a
private email server in violation of law
in order to protect her from scrutiny
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show tends to demonize people just don't
care about your feelings so much to get
you today here on the bench Shapiro and
we welcome you to the number one
conservative podcast in the United
States of America but first we have to
welcome an advertiser a brand new
advertiser club w.com
so this is for folks who love wine or
want to buy wine for friends so they
don't have kosher wines what we did so I
could try out the product it's it's it's
this really cool website what you do is
you go to club w comm and they give you
what's basically a questionnaire I took
it it's really neat and they asked you
sort of what foods do you like like I
don't know anything about wine if
somebody asked me to buy a bottle of
wine I wouldn't know what to buy I just
go down to the local store and I'd pick
up just some cheap hooch I wouldn't know
what to do what you buy but club W helps
you with this because what they actually
do is they give you a quiz and it's not
what kind of wines you like it's like
you like spicy food would you prefer
steak to chicken and what kind of food
do you like to eat and then they match
your palate to the wine that they
recommend that you pick up it's really
fantastic and they send over great wines
we have the the
ability thank you thank goodness they
have a party for our employees cuz
that's just what I need his drunken
employees but they shipped us a bunch of
whining I can hear everybody's excited
about club w.com
now all of our employees got to taste
some of the wines and according to the
employees I have their testimonials
right here they say that the Malbec was
silky I can't believe it's not butter II
they say the Cabernet Sauvignon was
juicy sharp berry and dry and they say
the Chardonnay was dry light on the
palate zesty and grippy apparently they
were getting so wild that apparently the
the head of the the managing editor of
The Daily wire was taking his shoe to
open the to open the wine apparently it
works Oh Club WM is where all the fun is
they will help you inform yourself as to
what kind of wine you should get for
your friends and they are cheap they the
wine there is not pricey we're not
talking about $200 bottle of wines right
now they're offering listeners 20 bucks
off your first order if you go to club W
calm slash been use the slash pendant
reminds them that you're coming via this
show and that helps us they continue to
advertise with us and that makes sure
that all the illegal immigrant boozers
in the back here get paid it gets even
better and I know that you hate paying
for shipping so Club W pays for your
shipping on orders of four bottles or
more you want to order more than one
bottle the line apparently is very good
so you go to club W comm slash been
twenty bucks off your first order now
that's Club W comm slash Bennett okay so
lots to get to today of course Donald
Trump Hillary Clements do some good
Trump bad Trump we do have some I should
know that there is one young man who was
very he he had the intrepid nature and
he went out and he he actually recorded
a little stinger for good Trump bad
Trump the sign me on today's show but
you can look forward to that
on Monday we're very grateful to people
have done that somebody kind of like an
actual intro for the show that we're
looking at right now so well we
appreciate our fans and thank you for
doing all that and thank you for saving
work for our overworked minions in the
back alright so let's start with with
Hillary Clinton so Hillary Clinton
continues to be terrible at everything
the good news for Hillary is that all
she basically has to do is go comatose
for the next three months go down into
her coffin in the bottom of her
Transylvanian castle lie down there stay
there for three months and she'll be
President that's that's basically her
strategy at this point if she's just
going to go into her vampiric basement
never appear in daylight
she'll live she'll be presidents of the
United States that doesn't mean she's
not corrupt Jake Tapper of CNN who's a
Hillary al I mean Jake
definitely likes Hillary Clinton he says
that Hillary continues to lie about her
emails and about everything else and
Jackie I mean this does feed into the
narrative out there that the Clintons in
general don't think that the rules apply
to them and can't understand why anybody
would ever question their ethics or
their integrity this was exactly what
the Obama transition team in 2008 wanted
to avoid they wanted a clear delineation
between the foundation and the State
Department and that of course is exactly
true that the Hillary campaign continues
to avoid all questions about the emails
and her corruption all the sorts of
corruption issues that we judges touched
on they've been avoiding that like the
plague Donald Trump has the capacity to
bring that to the forefront he did this
a little bit yesterday here was Donald
Trump going after Hillary Clinton's 3030
3000 deleted emails fairly vast number
oh I want to see the ones that what I
really would like to see that we have to
see the 33,000 can you imagine remember
she said I think it was for her wedding
the wedding of Chelsea and it was for
yoga classes 33,000 in Minnesota and
that's good Trump I mean I'm glad that
Trump was saying that unfortunately
there were more pressing things in the
news that the media were all over for
example there was a guy climbing Trump
Tower using suction cups so I don't know
what happened here I have a few theories
I think that maybe chris Christie just
said to Trump I really really want to be
part of your administration and Trump
said okay fatso go climb the tower and
the next thing you know it looks like
this we you may have read on Facebook or
elsewhere that there is some guy
climbing Trump Tower in midtown
Manhattan right now this is these are
live pictures from outside this is video
from just a couple of minutes ago we
have live pictures that we bring you as
well
Trump Tower of course is right in the
heart of midtown Manhattan just below
Central Park it's between 56 and 57th
streets and this is the 56th Street side
of the building so the south side of the
building and he's been using suction
cups one of the local cities cupping his
way to the top with a reference to
Michael Phelps I suppose you can see
there are workers all around there now
and if you look just to the left of him
but in fact the Steadicam and lights for
the wall right here next to him this is
a live view stream so it goes in and out
but right next to him you'll be able to
see when the picture clears up that
there's a big ventilation system there
and the woofers on the inside we're told
or trying to get go back to the video
trying to get that the so the media the
media obviously had very important
things to cover yesterday including this
guy they did reach him for comment and
his only comment was elevators are four
cocks so that was that was weird he this
is actually a video the guy he's talking
about why he did it and he looks like a
real winner I mean he's he's a he's a
Trump fan apparently but he looks like
he looks like a mile innopolis listener
so here we go
well mr. Trump to excuse my manner of
appearances I just don't know how many
people will watch this and I'd rather
not be recognized it was over here buddy
I'm an independent researcher seeking a
private audience with you to discuss an
important matter I guarantee that it is
in your interest to honor this request
believe me if my purpose was not
significant I would not risk my life
pursuing it the reason I climbed your
Tower was to get your attention if I had
sought this via conventional means I
would be much less likely to have
success because you are a busy man with
many responsibilities I'll get my
contact information to your campaign so
that if you are interested you can
respond that's gonna happen yes for
anyone else who's watching please help
make this video go viral so that against
mr. Trump and be sure to get out and
vote for mr. Trump in the 2016 election
making talking not in the direction of
the camera great again as I like that
he's like looking off at like a 90
degree angle to the cameras like buddy
it's over here like just just talk to us
it'll be all right so he starts climbing
the tower and of course the media are
all over this this crazy guy climbing
the tower and there there was some
political analysis that came out Nate
Silver in the middle of this suggested
there was only about a 13.7 percent
chance he'd actually make it to the top
of the tower the never Trump errs we
were we were all saying like okay fine
so it makes it to the top of the tower
he hasn't accomplished anything and the
Trump people the Trump people were just
saying well he can fly so those who know
things are naked this is what
campaign has become if we can't have fun
with the circus folks then why bother
going to the circus the circus is too
much fun okay so in other circus e-news
Donald Trump was with slamming Hillary
Clinton rightly so for having sat the
father of a terrorist who also believes
in the Taliban behind her majesty at one
of one of her rallies in Kissimmee
Florida and then yesterday there's
another ally and Trump is doing a rally
and he's talking about exactly this
issue and you will notice something odd
in the background in the past hour this
time it was on the other side of the
aisle though this was at a Donald Trump
rally in Fort Lauderdale's still in
Florida mia rally actually is still
going on right now look at them sitting
right behind Donald Trump spot shadowed
on the stage we're showing a close-up of
him right there if you recognize him
that is former congressman Mark Foley
from Florida now in 2006 10 years ago
Foley left his seat his house seat in
Florida after making repeated sexual
advances and exchanging or providing
excuse me sexually charged material to
several young teenage pages
congressional pages that led to him
resigning in the midst of that scandal
tonight he's onstage in the camera shot
at Donald Trump behind
ok can you say what can you say it's not
as bad as having the father of a
terrorist there it isn't I mean he said
Mark Foley isn't a terrorist unless he's
a terrorist in his pants he's just a
terrorist he's not a terrorist
only Hillary has the fathers of
terrorists to her events but when you're
trying to make the case that you're
responsible for the people who sit
behind you at a rally and then
legitimately as you're doing that the
person sitting behind you was nailing
the pages in his time in Congress it's
it's just not good strategy okay so all
of that is the unserious stuff then we
get to the actual serious stuff so now
it's time for an early episode of good
trump bad Trump yeah some good Trump bad
room okay so let's start with some good
from so people are considering this bad
Trump I don't think so I think that this
is actually good Trump so here is Donald
Trump talking about Barack Obama and
Isis Isis is honoring President Obama
is the founder of Isis he's the founder
of Isis okay
who's the founder he founded Isis and I
would say the co-founder would be
crooked Hillary Clinton okay so he says
that she's the founder of ice that he's
the founder of Isis and Hillary's the
co-founder of Isis and the media lose
their poo I mean they just they lose
their minds they go absolutely nuts
how dare Donald Trump say anything
remotely like this okay a couple of
quick things first I'm the i'ma go Trump
side first when he says that she founded
Isis I don't think and I'm sure that
Trump does not actually mean that what
what he's talking about is that she sat
in a room and wrote the Charter for Isis
and Obama signed it
and he's talking about what he's talking
about and everybody understands this is
he's saying that when Barack Obama
pulled out of Iraq and did nothing in
Syria he created the climate that was
that that that allowed Isis to rise from
being pretty much nothing of a power to
being a regional power and to being able
to conduct terrorist attacks across the
West right that's really what he means
but CNN loses their pool about this now
what's ironic is that there's a bunch of
there's a bunch of media reports from a
couple years ago talking about did Bush
create Isis like there was a New Yorker
headline did Bush create Isis The
Huffington Post asked did Bush created
Isis but Trump says Obama created Isis
and everybody loses their mind everybody
goes crazy so here's CNN you can't say
this brian Stelter on CNN Donald Trump
says Barack Obama's the founder of Isis
now on one level that's a reference to
foreign policy decisions by the Obama
administration on another level that is
a coded message suggesting the president
United States is a traitor that's what
that is it's a coded message to shut it
when we repeat that message and then we
come on the air and we fact check it
some people just take away the idea
that's true they just hear it and they
believe it in fact it reinforces
people's beliefs in some cases okay
that's a Brian stone treaty okay so
brian Stelter is a lefty hack and and
when brian Stelter says that you know
that clearly people are gonna take away
that obama's an actual terrorist who
founded Isis no nobody's stupid like
that
everybody understands what Trump means
in fact the left understood it when they
were blaming Bush for the creation of
Isis and Donald Trump is exactly right
when he says look voters are not fooled
by the biased media on this sort of
stuff they get it they do
what is surprised you the most to date
about the process how smart the people
of this country are because they're
reading false narratives they're reading
false newspaper articles and seeing
false things on television and I mean
really a really biased reporting and
they don't and you know Here I am I'm
sitting here in a very close race what
will be and what already is shaping up
to be a very close race so the people
are so smart they get it they really get
it and they're seeing it more and more
and I think they're going to get I think
they're gonna get a great lesson and
it's not a fair situation it's a rigged
situation in a certain way it's rigged
by the media if you think about it okay
so he's right okay all of this is true
when he says that Obama and Hillary
created Isis of course that's true
no he's his co-founder it's a little bit
it's a little bit much I mean they
didn't found it but even we all know
what he means we all know what he means
and to pretend this is some sort of big
deal is absurd I mean I'm old enough to
remember when Democrats were still
putting bumper stickers on their cars
that said Bush lied Americans died right
about the war in Iraq which was
absolutely false I remember that I
remember Barack Obama is saying that the
American military wasn't doing anything
except aerating villages and killing
civilians so you don't get to play this
game it has a bunch of nonsense so
that's good Trump okay Trump can say
that as long as he can go out there and
use this as a leverage point to actually
make his real point race as their
cofounders of Isis and the media says no
they're not explaining yourself good now
he gets to explain himself what I mean
is Barack Obama called them a JV team he
didn't care about them he pretended that
in matter and then he created every
condition necessary every condition
precedent in order for them to become an
actual regional power right that's what
he has to say that's what he has to say
unfortunately now it's time for bad
Trump so the problem for Donald Trump is
that one of his people told him to go
out there and say that they are the
cofounders of Isis that one is the
founder Obama's the founder and Hillary
Clinton is the co-founder of Isis and
when asked to clarify this right now
he's being asked to clarify and the
clarification should be pretty easy
right the clarification should be
everything that I just said Hugh Hewitt
who is a syndicated radio host and
Friends of Hugh and and Hugh has been
doing yeoman's work trying to train
Donald Trump on how to be a politician
it's like so
buddy tweeted today I was very funny
they sort of tweeted they tweeted that
he was you at trying to coach Donald
Trump and you'll hear in a minute is
sort of like Hugh Hewitt playing
professor Higgins in my fair lady and
Gary Busey playing Eliza Doolittle so
here's here's Harris Hugh Hewitt trying
to get Trump to say what he wants him to
say which is what I've been saying which
is okay what I'm really mean by
cofounders of Isis is not that they sat
there with a piece of paper and decided
that they were fans of Isis it's that
they created all the conditions for it
and watch Trump blow it the never Trump
movement says I've been writing about
how important the Supreme Court is they
still around yeah well I've been writing
about the Supreme Court a lot and they
keep telling me we can't trust Trump on
his list of eleven and I wrote hey you
don't have to trust Trump if he departs
from the list I trust you by the way but
if he did if he departs Mitch McConnell
can block your nominee first can we
trust you to live by that list and
second if you didn't with McConnell be
justified in blocking your nominee yeah
number one I'm gonna live by that list
or very close to it it is possible
there'll be somebody outside of that
list that has very similar principles
and I think you don't want to totally
preclude that but the answer is yes I'm
living by the list and yes he can do
whatever he wants because it'll be
either that list or somebody that is
very close to it like I'm thinking about
actually naming four or five more people
to the list you know we have a great
list it's a it's a great list of people
yeah I mean if we veered from that I
would say block it and I would be very
happy with that and I wouldn't even
fight it because I won't have to last
night you said the president was the
founder of Isis I know what you meant
you meant that he created the vacuum he
lost the peace I meant he's the founder
of Isis I do he was the most valuable
player I give him the Most Valuable
Player Award I give her to by the way
he's not sympathetic to them he hates
them he's trying to kill it he was the
founder is the way he got out of her
Akwa stage that was the founding of Isis
well that I you know I have a saying
Donald Trump the the mnemonic mnemonic
device that uses every liberal really
seems so so sad he is for Egypt L is for
Libya S is for Syria our Russian reset
they screwed everything up you don't get
any argument from me but by using the
term founder they're hitting with you on
this again mistake no it's no mistake
everyone's liking it I think they're
liking it I give them the
Valuable Player Award and I give it to
him and I give it I gave a co-founder to
Hillary no I did I did it I know what
you're arguing let me ask you do you not
like that
I don't which Isis came but they didn't
create Isis that's what I would say okay
there's no winning here okay all right
fine I mean the rain in Spain falls
mainly on the plain it's amazing stuff
and really you got you got Hugh they're
saying to him I'm trying to feed you the
right line here Donald just like open
your ears for one site you should do it
and forms like no no he founded it
he wrote the document he founded it and
he was like no you mean that he created
the vacuum for the for Isis to write no
I mean he founded it like in his
basement he founded it him and Hillary
they sat there with Saul Alinsky and
they founded it let me tell you that
okay so the good Trump is he could have
just said this stuff and then agreed
with you he would who is much smarter
than he has and just been okay but no
but no you just have to G has to go the
whole the B has to go the big lebowski
go all the way he's got a little whole
hog it can't stop himself if I come on
tunnel for the love of God get out of
your own way stop stepping on your own
genitals like just stop just stop he was
trying to save you you understand he was
your knight in shining armor with those
glasses in there he's there he's trying
to save you come on and you just can't
take that you just can't take it you
just can't take the life line like he's
blind by on the helicopter you're there
you're out there unmoored in the middle
of hurricane katrina it's flying behind
the helicopter and he's dropping down
the Rope through you just grab it just
grab it you know not to say you're
making a mistake
notice Hugh doesn't say are you making a
mistake until about five questions into
that cycle right first he says what you
really meant is this right and told us
no I didn't mean that
yes you did and you know you did but
maybe you don't maybe all that happen is
your advisers told you just say that
they're the founders and the cofounders
of Isis and that's all you know because
you don't think beyond five seconds
because here's the problem
Trump doesn't actually believe any of
this stuff here's the proof Trump
doesn't actually believe any of this
stuff so Donald Trump you
he said that the what he really means
what Hugh says he means and I agree with
you what he means is Barack Obama
created the conditions that made it
possible for Isis to rise right that's
what he means that's what he means
there's only one problem there was
someone else who is calling in 2007 for
a full-scale withdrawal from Iraq of all
troops which would have led to the rise
of Isis and his name was Donald Trump
here's Donald Trump circa 2007 how does
the United States get out of this
situation is there they get out that's
how they get out declare victory and
leave because I'll tell you this country
is just going to get further bogged down
there in a civil war over there wolf
there's nothing that we're going to be
able to do with the Civil War
they are in a major civil war and it's
going to go to Iran and it's going to go
to other countries they are in the midst
of a major civil war and there's nothing
and by the way we're keeping the lid on
a little bit but the day we leave anyway
it's all going to blow up and Saddam
Hussein will be a nice person compared
to the man and it will be a man it will
not be a woman that we understand people
say oh gee you didn't give the women a
chance it was a man compared to the
person that takes all the time Hussein
he will be considered a nice bit this
guy will be the meanest the worst guy
and he'll have one thing one thing he
will hate America and he'll use that to
flame so I mean this is a total
catastrophe and you might as well get
out now because you're just wasting time
okay okay there you have it so this is
the reason why Donald Trump couldn't
just say that the conditions that were
created for Isis led to the rise of Isis
because Donald Trump was making the same
case in 2007 we can all pretend that
Donald Trump just randomly appeared on
the scene but he doesn't he has a
history and that's the problem
Donald Trump isn't a blank slate he may
be blank in the head but he's not he's
not a blank slate by any stretch of the
magic of off the Facebook live feed here
if you want to see the rest go to daily
wired.com where everything is visible go
to iTunes and SoundCloud and all the
rest
