the latest polls are out and voters seem
to be making up their minds that they'd
prefer to have a gangster as president
rather than a psycho the gangster is
leading the psycho by double digits in
some polls while in state polls the
gangster looks as if she may win states
that would normally go to the psycho if
he weren't such a psycho where his
gangster states will vote for the
gangster even knowing she's a gangster
for fear if they switch to the psycho
he'll turn out to be psycho news that
the psycho had recommended assassinating
the gangster shocked many potential
psycho voters who thought that meant the
psycho was psycho whereas news that the
gangster might already be involved in an
actual assassination did not disturb the
gangster voters because they already
knew that gangster was a gangster but
what about the media since most
journalists are gangsters they tend to
treat gangster behavior as normal when
it became clear for instance that the
gangster had been influence peddling
destroying government documents and
repeatedly lying the gangster said well
sure she's just being a gangster but
when the psycho made a joke about a
crying baby the gangsters started
screaming that guy is psycho they said
you'd never see a gangster that psycho
although of course since they're all
gangsters if gangsters were psycho they
wouldn't know because they'd be too
psycho because they're all a bunch of
gangsters now to be fair to the media
gangsters though they are gangsters they
do have a point over the years many
gangsters have run for president but
only the occasional psycho and whereas
the gangsters party is full of gangsters
the psychos party is not that psycho
that's why the psychos party won't back
the psycho when he psycho but the
gangster party backs their fellow
gangster when she's being a gangster
after a while you get used to gangsters
and you stop thinking they're psycho so
when the gangster announces she'll rip
off over a trillion dollars in taxes and
funnel it into scams and power grabs we
all think well yeah of course she's a
gangster but then the psycho says he'll
restrict illegal immigration because the
gangster coddles illegal gangsters which
is psycho and everyone starts shouting
the psycho is psycho and the gangster
cycle and the psycho is actually saying
well wait no he's not saying he's psycho
but he's not helping the gangsters which
would be psycho like the gangster all
the same many Americans have begun
asking themselves how did we get stuck
with a choice between a psycho and a
gangster are we psycho are we gangsters
or are we just so sick of gangsters
we thought we'd settle for a psycho but
then realized why not that psycho in any
case according to the polls it now
appears we're psycho enough to elect the
gangster but not so psycho weed elects a
psycho so get ready for government by
gangster which is psycho trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
clay defect just just it just literally
drew I can hey we're here it's now bag
day well yeah it's my leg make a special
mailbag day because I've purposely
selected questions that I get asked
again and again you know like there are
certain questions that keep coming up
these are new questions but they keep
coming up every week so I'm going to try
and deal with them you will have to be
here after the live feed on facebook
ends because we'll only be on facebook
for 15 minutes then we're gone and we'll
do the mailbag at the daily wire you can
hear it later on iTunes or SoundCloud
and of course you can subscribe and then
you can watch the entire thing and next
week you could be in the mailbag see and
then all your questions would be
answered also by the way a lot of people
have been asking me my memoirs coming
out in a month the great good thing a
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ I
think it's really different it's not the
usual conversion memoir it's something
you've never heard before I think you
like it a lot of people have asked me if
you can pre-order it now can you get a
signed copy so I stole an idea from ben
shapiro he looked like a smart guy so I
stole an idea from him if you send me
your online receipt at eight Clavin that
daily wired.com I will it will have your
address on it i will mail to that
address a sign sticker that you can put
in the book or maybe a lot of shapiro
melt and you sign it whatever but
anyways you can you can do that alright
so this election is getting it's getting
to be like that scene in the horror
movie where the guy has a nightmare and
then he wakes up and then boo he's still
in the nightmare he just keeps happening
the same thing keeps happening again and
again the dream goes like this Hillary
Clinton has the worst possible day a day
that would destroy any candidate on
earth and then Donald Trump opens his
mouth and says something incredibly
stupid and the media of course runs with
the stupid remark and completely ignores
all that truly terrible things that
Hillary Clinton has done and that's just
and and basically you know I blame the
mobilis Jewish conspiracy for this i
think you know ben shapiro and his cabal
of never Trumper's are creeping in to
Trump's bedroom at night and stealing
his IQ to make buffoon he was he was
brilliant before they got ahold of him
but now he's just leaning so okay let's
let's start with Hillary though instead
of starting with the headlines which are
all about Donald Trump you know saying
this crazy thing about the Second
Amendment and we'll get to that but
let's just start with what actually
happened to Hillary over the last couple
days which is amazing first of all I'm
sure you've all heard of this already
but there is Omar mateen the Orlando
killers father sitting in back of her
she's getting a speech in kissimmee
florida and there he isn't back wearing
a red you know chevrolet hat or
something like this that this is now if
you were just the father of this killer
of this orlando killer that would be one
thing but he's also a guy who has gone
on and called what did he call the
Taliban are warrior brothers he released
a YouTube video calling the Taliban are
warrior brothers he made the comment
that he didn't think his son should have
killed all those gay people because God
have punished the homosexuals so you
know we don't we shouldn't worry about
that so you know so here he is here's an
interview Tori Dunham WPTV the local
Florida station captures this guy he
wouldn't talk to her at the meeting but
later she bumped into him at a rest stop
on the highway and she got this quick
interview Clinton is good for united
state versus Donald Trump he wanted to
do an interview and showed us a sign he
made for Hillary Clinton so tell us why
you wanted to stop and talk now well I I
feel like to tell you why I stopped talk
to you because very important for United
State of America especially the election
I was invited by Democratic Party just
like a come come support Hillary just a
regular chain email or a personal
invitation so it came out I I'm a member
so as I remember I get the invitation so
it's nothing particular about it what
went into your decision about going to
this event right near Orlando
where this pulse nightclub shooting
happens I I was because I spoke a lot
about that and I wish that my son joined
the army and fought Isis and destroyed
our say Isis that would be much better
yeah hey I trust you he isn't on his
face come on I trust them so obviously
they put him behind Hillary Clinton
because he's looks diverse as they would
say he looks at verse he's kind of
brownish and has he let you know they
looks like does he look like he looks
like you know a Taliban guy and so they
put him in back of a back of her and of
course he supports her because you know
she wants the borders to be open so if
you want your warrior brothers to become
pouring into the country you know go for
Hillary that's it so now Trump makes the
perfectly reasonable you were we all
remember when donald trump was asked to
disavow David Duke and disavow anybody
who comes near him who says things that
he doesn't like and of course Trump
famously dropped the David Duke ball you
know he didn't disavow the Ku Klux Klan
and Jake Tapper was practically begging
him but he makes the point this is the
second cut cut to he makes the point
that he gets slightly different
treatment and I saw the picture of him
with a red hat but didn't have make
America great on it by the way and she
did not disavow and if that were me this
would be a headline all over the world
about Trump but she did not as i
understand it disavow this man and he's
got some pretty harsh views so I think
it's look it's a whole double standard
but we're punching through it and I
think the people understand i really
think the people understand well you
know i just want to say that hillary was
asked the question about this and she
you know had this incredibly you know
honest and open response Secretary
Clinton junior campaign have known that
fathers at your belly thank you all very
much thank you and there's a woman who
hasn't given a press conference in what
240 days that's amazing oh she just
never talked to the press that's okay
that's why would they want to ask her
about what you know her fashion choices
I mean there's nothing to talk to her
about so meanwhile okay so that's one
thing meanwhile judicial watch this is a
great great conservative watchdog
organization that does nothing all day
these poor guys but they file Freedom of
Information Act requests for documents
that nobody wants to show them okay so
they got a new clutch of Clinton emails
that they Clinton you know how honest
and open she's been with these emails
she keeps insisting she's given them all
over they get a new clutch of emails and
in these emails are exchanges of the guy
from the Clinton Foundation Hillary
Clinton is now Secretary of State in
these emails the guy from the Clinton
Foundation Doug brand who's running the
foundation is making requests to Huma
Abedin her aid wink wink that we all
know no I'm sorry I shouldn't be
suggesting that they're lesbians that's
terrible thing to say and I didn't mean
it I take it all back all right so Huma
Abedin who has been by the way she has
special dispensation to work for the
state department and to do other stuff
you know they're not supposed to be
doing that but she's doing so Doug man
is writing and setting up deals between
big meetings between donors to the
Clinton Foundation and important people
that Hillary can get to because she's
Secretary of State among the donors is
this guy gilberts agoria Lebanese
Nigerian billionaire construction guy
who gave the Clinton Foundation between
a million and 5 million dollars and he's
asking her to set up meetings and this
guy I mean this guy was he was convicted
and Switzerland of money laundering and
he you know but he pay defines just a 66
million dollar fine same thing that
would happen to you or me if we got
caught laundering money you just go into
your wallet and you take out 66 million
dollars you pay the fine and then you go
golfing with Bill Clinton which is what
this guy is doing he has long-standing
ties not just to the Clintons but also
to the Nigeria's military dictator dies
it has a very shady past while she's
Secretary of State these emails come out
and they're showing that they're making
their setting up meetings with important
people for this so it's pay-for-play for
Hillary Clinton she's selling your
government she's selling favors from
your government to people for her
personal gain okay that's that's number
two now number three I you know I do
this hesitantly because I am an anti
conspiracy theorist of the most
conspiracy theories to me just don't
make sense i mean this is a world in
which you can literally fly a jet into
the tallest building in Manhattan on TV
and somebody's going to say well they
blew it up from inside you know oh I
mean how about that didn't that didn't
happen you know it's like you can land
on the moon on devious no no it was all
it was all fake so that people buy into
this stuff very very quickly but but
this is a new story this is a new story
because of Julian Assange and an
interview he gave Julius ang the
wikileak I we know he's out for blood we
know he's out to get Clinton you know so
we so he's got that slant and everything
he says but he started talking about
this guy Seth rich he's 27 year old DNC
worker he works for the Democrats he's
shot in the back while walking in
Washington early July and the police say
well it looked like robbery except
according to his parents nothing was
stolen so and there was a look like
there was a fight and all this stuff now
Julian Assange you all remember he
released these DNC emails that he had
hacked and the DEA that showed that the
DNC was conspiring against Bernie
Sanders to make sure that Hillary
Clinton won the nomination he goes on
Dutch TV and he has this to say about
the death the murder of Seth rich as a
27 year old I works for the DNC who shot
in the back murdered just two weeks ago
from unknown reasons as he was walking
down the street in Washington so that
was just a rubbery I'd leaf wasn't it no
that's there's no finding so that is
distorting what are you suggesting I'm
suggesting that our sources are take
risks and they are they become concerned
to see things occurring like that but
was he one of your sources then I mean
we don't call
menton here our sources I like the
suggestion about a young guy being shall
in the streets of Washington because
that we have to understand how high the
stakes are in the United States and that
our sources are you know our sources
face serious risks that's why they come
to us so we can protect their anonymity
that's quite something to suggest a
murder that's basically what you're
doing well that others have have
suggested that we are investigating if
you understand what happened in that
situation with Seth rich I think it is a
concerning situation there's not a
conclusion yet we wouldn't be willing to
state a conclusion but we are concerned
about it and more importantly a variety
of resources are concerned when that
kind of thing happens okay so he's
sitting he's accusing a murder offered
20 thousand dollar reward to find the
people WikiLeaks has now put up twenty
thousand which I think adds to a
twenty-five-thousand-dollar reward that
was already up so that's Hillary's day
okay so Hillary's day is got the
killer's dad behind her the cetera
supporting dad behind her got you no new
emails showing she's selling government
secrets she's been accused by an
important figure of being possibly
involved in an assassination here's
Donald Trump taking advantage of this he
gets up and he starts to talk about the
comparison between his policies and
Hillary's hillary wants to raise taxes
it's a comparison I went to lower Hilary
wants to expand regulations which he
does big league can you believe that I
will reduce them very very substantially
could be as much as 70 75 percent
Hilary wants to shut down energy
production I want to expand it lower
electric lower electric Bell starts
Hilary wants to abolish essentially
abolish the Second Amendment by the way
and if she gets to pick
if she gets to pick her judges nothing
you can do folks although the Second
Amendment people may be there is that or
not so basically basically he's saying
you can always shoot her I mean that's a
hike it's not a bad thing now listen I
think this was a joke I think that is
Trump sense of humor but it's a bad joke
we don't want you know these are real
people we don't want that you know what
I think of Hillary Clinton I do think
she's a gangster I still don't want her
blown away i don't want elections the
side of that way not a good joke Donald
and of course that's the headline even
in the Wall Street Journal that's the
headline all this stuff about Hillary
wiped away and they give he gives the
press the excuse to be as biased as they
are they are biased like Rudy Giuliani's
excuse was if he you know knowing Donald
Trump if he'd meant to tell you to
assassinate her he just would have said
said it so what he's saying the guy's
such a loose cannon that he just would
have come out and said all right listen
we're gonna have to leave you on
facebook and on YouTube as well right
we're gonna leave any YouTube but we're
going into the mailbag now come over to
the daily wire or iTunes or SoundCloud
and hear the rest of the show and you
can also subscribe we'll see their mail
bag whoo I know I miss I miss Lindsay
we're gonna do the mailbag and we're
going to talk about some culture in the
second half of the show first question
on the mail bag is from Ricardo be do
you think the movie industry is stagnant
with all of these remakes reboots
sequels and superhero movies really good
question I get it a lot movies have
always sucked up material they've always
been based on books on plays on other
things and they continue to be I am what
movies have lost the ability to do
movies used to be able to make good
movies that people saw now they make
good movies and they make tentpole
movies and those movies are not the same
entertainment movies and serious movies
are now no longer the same and when they
made Casablanca that's one of the
greatest movies ever made that's a hit
gone with the wind these are old movies
at
art forms peek at an art form speak the
popular and the great are the same
people crowded into theaters to see
Shakespeare's plays you know now a play
a serious play gets six people well
everybody goes and sees lame is for the
17th time you know that's what happens
when an art form starts to die movies
are starting to die get old as an art
form and much of what has happened is on
TV now on TV you can make good dramas
that people will watch and that cause
excitement and all that I'm a little
concerned i have to admit by the
childishness of all entertainment all
the comic book stuff all the you know
the fantasy stuff there is no drama for
young people to go see that is actually
about real people doing real stuff i
mean last night I was out in the streets
of Westwood in LA and they're
celebrating sausage party and I thought
like well there's a film classic if
there was one and I'm not I'm not being
a snob I'm just saying you know they're
there should be a wider range and movies
have just gotten focused into this very
narrow corridor of childish
entertainment and yes I do think that
that is a sign that the art form is
aging and is starting to become less and
less relevant all right from Logan are
hey andrew i'm glad you turn to Jesus
I'm a huge fan I get my assume of Jesus
but maybe also of me I don't know I'm
only fourteen so here is a big debate
between Christians about if you should
take the Bible literally I think you
should what do you think here is what i
think i will only discuss this briefly
i'm not going to get into a lot of
specifics nobody takes anything
literally nobody language is not a
literal thing okay unless you're talking
about mathematics people say they take
the bible literally but they're not
quite thinking it through okay if Jesus
says to Peter after the resurrection
feed my sheep if Peter said with grass
or you know you want to see what what do
you want me to give me know what do they
eat you know you don't think like what
is he nuts obviously Jesus isn't talking
about sheep we don't take that literally
when Jesus tells a parable and he starts
at he says there was a man who had two
sons nobody said to him what were their
names where did he live but you know
what were they real were they real he
was making it up he was making it up
does that mean it's not true a
course it's true I believe I just truly
truly believe this that every word in
the Bible is true but I don't believe
every word in the Bible is literal truth
there are such a thing as Jean recipie
express deep truths why do you think
people right myths for instance why do
they write novels because there's truths
that you can't express by simply
speaking literally that's why Jesus told
parables that's why he made up stories
okay there are parts of the Bible that I
believe belonged to other genres than
history there's parts of the Bible that
I believe our history there's parts that
I believe are not history but are meant
to express truth so deep that history
can't touch them and so I read different
parts of the Bible differently what I'm
not going to discuss today because it's
a conversation for another day is which
parts are which but though I will say
this i believe you can read the Bible as
absolute truth and still believe in
science which is one of the great tools
that God has given us to understand the
world alright let's do another one I do
you have any advice for me or someone in
a similar type of situation basically
this is from Sam he is arguing how he's
asking how do you argue with leftists
who simply won't listen to you now this
question I get all the time let me give
you a couple of pointers first of all
you have to decide what you want if
you're trying to convince somebody of
something it's different than if you're
just trying to beat him in an argument
beating someone an argument feels great
but it doesn't really accomplish
anything they're very few people who
will change their minds having been
beaten in an argument there are people
who can will listen to you if you
discuss with them there you know what
you think versus what they think and
just hold them up together so the first
thing I would say to you is when you
were discussing if if your intent is to
convince somebody don't be a jerk it's
tough I have to tell you it is tough
because I have a very long fuse I can't
remember the last time I got really
angry even inside I mean I can remember
but it's a long time ago I'm not a guy
who gets angry but I do get impatient
when you talk to people and they say
dumb things you know when you say oh you
know and they start telling you about
poor Michael bruh
killed by the police or whatever they
say or yes I know a Muslim person and
he's swell certain we let all the Muslim
you know into the why should Donald
Trump be so mean you gotta stay patient
you have to stay patient and I confess
to you that I don't always do it but I'm
telling you do what I say not what I do
that on that know the basics you know
the the issue frequently is not what's
right and wrong but who decides so
sometimes you're arguing with somebody
in there tell you oh the poor doing this
and you have to help the poor that's
true the question is who decides what's
right and wrong do you decide in your do
you get to live by your lights by your
conscience or does the government impose
that on you so those are basic things
you know know what you're talking about
you have to know the facts a lot of
programs that sound great make people
miserable you look at Detroit all you
believe me those taxes that they took
from people in Detroit that gutted that
city we're always for programs that
sounded wonderful so if you're going to
argue with something you have to know
the facts you also have to know your
principles you have to know the
principles of your of conservatism when
people say to you this is one thing left
is always say government can do good
things look at this government did this
government anybody can do good things a
fascist dictator can do good things an
emperor can do good things the point is
you want to be free you want a
government that's limited not because it
can't do good things if it's unlimited
it can do good things but it's the very
fact that it's unlimited is so bad that
it overcomes the good things that you do
and also and this is with leftists the
the key the biggest key of all don't
discuss personalities don't argue about
what Donald Trump said don't argue about
what george w bush that don't argue
about whether this guy is good or this
guy is bad are you about principles and
facts that's all you are you about
because you know politicians stink they
do bad things they're corrupt they lie
all of them almost you know I mean
there's I can't think of one that I
would just think yeah I would trust that
guy to walk away with my daughter I
can't think of a politician I feel that
way about so don't argue about
personalities and try to keep them to
the subject this is the other thing to
left this do left the skills be arguing
with them about welfare and you'll
destroy their argument and they'll say
about what about guns all you people
have done
up and go all wait what happened to
welfare so those are like the rules that
I use the most important one I have to
tell you is try not to be a jerk try to
discuss the thing with the person even
when you lose your patience a little bit
very tough to do all right let's move on
to stuff I like we've been talking all
week about the ways the foundations of
our culture and then the reason I want
to talk about this is so you understand
you know conservatives have this really
adversarial relationship with the Arts
they don't like the Arts they feel quite
rightly that left us to use the arts to
propagandize for the left and they feel
well the answer is we have to
propagandize for the right and I think
that that is wrong I think what you have
to do is you have to find the truth in
art art never works unless there's truth
in it it never works less than there's
truth in it so we talked about how our
culture grows out of Christianity it all
grows out of Christianity people who
think they are escaping Christianity are
almost always talking in Christian terms
they're almost always talking about
tolerance and forgiveness they're just
leaving Christianity out of it because
it leads them to places they don't want
to go and so they're always they're
always standing on the top of the tower
without accepting the foundation the
cornerstone of the tower they're like
wile e coyote if they look down there's
certainly going to go like whoa fall 200
feet so we've talked about how the West
deals with questions of the truth comes
right out of the Gospels we've talked
about how the West invented the idea of
the individual because of Christianity
this is the thing that did not exist
before the west of the West invented
that you the idea of yourself as a
worthwhile individual and finally I just
want to talk about the idea of the flesh
the idea of the flesh and the spirit and
the reason this is important is because
the question is which of them is a
metaphor is the flesh a metaphor that
represents something else or is
everything else a metaphor that
represents the flesh and this comes
these questions come right out of first
of all the gospel but they come out in
such a complicated way that I don't have
time to talk about it right now but it's
in a lot of what Paul writes about he
says you know in Galatians he says walk
by the spirit and you will not gratify
the desires of the flesh for the flesh
desires what is contrary to the spirit
and the spirit was contrary to the flesh
and that's that's not complicated or
arguable we all know if you're married
you know that you promised your wife
that you weren't going to sleep with
other people you know that it's hard
sometimes not to sleep with other people
the flesh insists on it it tells you
that you are violating some principle of
life after about the 17th century after
Newton basically after science there
came to be what is called but CS Lewis
called T I can't even remember what he
called it was the great in returning or
the great internalization I think he
called it and the idea was that
everything that we thought was done by
God everything that we thought was done
by the spirit was actually related to
the flesh and everybody started creating
systems in which everything became a
symbol of metaphor for the flesh the
most important one and the most famous
one is Sigmund Freud who said you know
that's a phallic symbol you're smoking
that cigar because it reminds you of a
male member you know this is that kind
of thing you're saying these things but
even it's always about sex it always
goes back to sex and that is now that
has been transformed now into
evolutionary biology where we say you
find that beautiful you find that girl
beautiful because that she's throwing
off signs that she is fertile you know
you find you'll hear you they will truly
say to you you find a sunrise beautiful
because man is safer during the day and
you say well why do I find a sunset
beautiful then well because man is safer
during the night in his cave I don't
know you know I mean because they they
explain everything in terms of the flesh
and the question is is that right or is
the flesh itself a metaphor for
something more important as the flesh is
the thing are the things that happen to
you in your life symbolize do they
symbolize something more important than
your physical being because you can't
really have a moral world unless life
extends beyond life we all know that
life is unfair a 20 year old who goes to
war and get shot down so that maybe
people can be free that's not fair
that's not right and we all kind of
assume that there's something bigger
that he is serving and that there is
some kind of reward system in heaven we
have lost that faith in the spirit that
has gone out of the arts and you can see
and where you see this most
is in supernatural stories me
supernatural stories tend to deal
directly with the spirit if you look at
vampires for just for instance we have
an image that I brought in this is this
is the difference between the vampire
dracula who's horrifying because he was
a damned soul he had lost his soul that
was what was horrifying about being a
vampire you were just you had just
become a hungry creature a hungry animal
basically now because we've lost that
he's now a sexy guy from twilight right
with the twinkly sparkles when he comes
along because we don't think of him as
having lost us all we just think of them
as having some kind of disease almost
the where where you see this most
importantly is in zombie stories the
reason zombie stories are now so popular
the reason they are I would say the
central supernatural story that is being
told the central horror story that is
being told is because they are quite an
honest reflection of what a man becomes
if we really believe he has no soul he
becomes and he becomes food and he
becomes the person who eats the food
there's no reason not to eat a human
body the only reason that you're in body
is because you respect it as a
receptacle of the Spirit take a look at
the first and the greatest zombie film
night of the living dead the acting is
bad but the film is incredible this is
how it opens with a brother and sister
in a graveyard and in the background
what we will later find out as a zombie
is walking around and the brother is
teasing the sister hey I mean praying's
for church huh come on I haven't seen
you in church lately well
there's not much sense in my going to
church do you remember one time when we
were small we were out here it was from
right over there I jumped out at you
from behind the tree and grandpa got all
excited he shook his fist at me and he
said boy you'll be damned to hell
remember that right over there well you
used to really be scared here Johnny
you're still afraid stop it now I mean
it they're coming to get you Barbara
stop it you're ignorant they're coming
for you Barbara stop it you're acting
like a child they're coming for you look
that comes one of them now the one of
them now turns out to be a zombie who
then immediately devours the brother
because this guy having left the church
has turn as having left the spirit
behind has turned the body into what the
body is it's an eating screwing machine
that really has no concern for the
higher things and this is what that that
vision of a zombie apocalypse as we've
now come to call it is a vision of the
world what it would be like if we truly
stopped believing in the spirit that's
why today my stuff I like is the sixth
sense one of my favorite movies one of
my favorite ghost story movies at love
ghost stories excellent performance by
Bruce Willis here is the exchange the
famous exchange between Bruce Willis a
psychiatrist and a little boy that he
who is troubled and he's come to treat
him and the little boy to finally tells
him what it is that's bothering him and
remember a psychiatrist is a Freudian
who is used to taking the things that
you think are spiritual and teaching you
that they're really about your desires
and your libido and your flesh and
here's suddenly those two points of view
come smack into each other
I see dead people in your dreams why
you're awake
did people like in graves and coffins
walking around like regular people we
don't see each other they only see what
they want to see they don't know that
how often do you see them oh died the
look on Willis's face says it all he
hears that and he knows as a trained
psychiatrist he knows this kid is
psychotic he's having a psychotic break
because if you see dead people something
is terribly terribly wrong with you and
so this is the moment when he realized
this is this kid is truly sick although
as we know as we watch the movie not so
much and there's an entire theology even
in that one scene but there's an entire
theology in this movie that's really
really interesting in deep we don't time
to talk about it but it's worth watching
and the reason the film works by the way
is because of this conflict you can see
this film two and three times and even
when you know the ending which is
obviously this big you know twist ending
when you know the ending the film still
works because of this relationship
between the psychiatrist and the child
that's all we have time for tomorrow is
our last day already in the clave
endless weekend looms it's like an it's
like a horrible cloud on the horizon but
there's one day left and we'll do what
we can to stave off the disaster i'm
andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show we will see you again tomorrow
