this week President Obama penned a
ridiculous piece in Glamour magazine it
dripped with self regard it oozed with
moral preening Barack Obama said Barack
Obama is a true Barack Obama feminist
this of course might not have been
obvious from the fact that the Obama
White House pays women 89 cents for
every dollar earned by a man it might
not have been obvious from the Obama
administration's bizarre belief that men
can be women so long as they think it's
so and they can invade women's bathrooms
based on that subjective belief but
Obama said Obama is indeed an Obama
feminist and he is here to change souls
the most important train she lectured
may be the toughest of all and that's
changing ourselves how should Americans
change themselves well Obama explained
we need to keep changing the attitude
that permits the routine harassment of
women whether they're walking down the
street or daring to go online we need to
keep changing the attitude that teaches
men to feel threatened by the presence
and success of women this sort of
unearned moral righteousness makes you
want to vomit and never stop vomiting
notice Obama doesn't offer any solutions
to these supposedly widespread problems
he just sort of throws out the notion
that he understands female lady problems
to borrow some feminist language let's
kind of patriarchal to condescend to
tell women that you understand their
problems and then you don't really need
to present any solutions as the subtext
goes all women really want is someone
who can feel along with them but it's
worse than that according to Obama quote
we need to keep changing the attitude
that punishes women from their sexuality
and rewards men for better but why
should anybody be rewarded for their
sexuality do we reward people when they
poop do we reward people for eating had
the only sort of sexuality that society
should celebrate is the kind that takes
place responsibly within the bounds of
marriage given that if sexuality
produces kids we would like kids to be
born into solid two-parent families with
their parents present society should be
at best neutral about other sorts of
sexuality it seems kind of weird that
feminism should ask for promiscuity to
be treated as virtue for women just
because bad people have treated it is
virtue for men this stuff isn't feminism
it's just politically correct virtue
signaling see here's the thing I fully
believe in the basic notion of original
feminism that women should be able to
make whatever career choices they want
based on merit I grew up in a house
where my dad was the stay-at-home dad
and my mom ran TV and film companies my
wife is a doctor I'm certainly at home
with the kids more than she is at this
point but she took time off for both of
our kids
I want my daughter to be able to pursue
whatever dream she sees fit but I don't
think America's soul needs changing
that's because I know Americans agree
with me if they didn't my mom's career
wouldn't have been possible neither
would my wives neither would my
daughters I don't spend every day
worrying about my daughter's
possibilities because in a free country
she can go just as far as her skills and
decisions take her if she faces
obstacles from sexist I'll be right
there calling for action if she wants my
help but I'm not gonna pretend for the
sake of PC and popularity that sexism is
widespread and pervasive it isn't
America is a glorious place for women
the best in human history and it's the
oh and the only way to make it even
better is to target actual sexist
activity and to stop slandering menace
sexist without evidence and telling our
daughters there are no glass ceilings
just a world of options waiting for them
after all that's kind of the truth I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
tends to demonize people don't care
about your feelings alrighty so first we
need to start by thanking one of our
fantastic sponsors helix so helix sleep
calm is the place you want to go if you
need a mattress the way this warrants is
you don't want to go to these naturist
or very stupid you never know a mattress
store I've been to a mattress store and
what you do is you lie on a bunch of
mattresses for three seconds and then
you say oh I'll take that one and then
three months later the mattress is
sagging in the middle and you and your
wife run opposite ends of the mattress
and by the middle of the night you're
lying next to each other because you've
rolled down into the concave vortex that
is the mattress you need to go to helix
sleep calm what they do there is you go
there and that should give you this kind
of questionnaire based on four key
preferences and you can determine what
you want the mattress to be alien not
just the size but also the firmness
level and other variables and the
mattress can actually be different for
you and your spouse you and your partner
so you customize each side of the
mattress which is great because I like
the mattress a little bit harder my wife
likes the mattress a little bit softer
and by the way they're cheaper there
they have there they're significantly
cheaper and their shipping is 100% free
you have a hundred nights to try it out
and if you don't like it then they'll
pick it up for free and give you a
hundred percent refund so it's not like
they're gonna take that and reuse the
mattress getting that's the loss for
them so that means they're really
confident in their product everybody is
talking about helix sleep calm for a
reason I've gone on their website I've
ordered the mattress I can't wait to get
it I can't wait to try it go to helix
sleep calm and if you used slash bends
that's helix sleep calm
/ Ben then that ensures that not only
will you get a discount you get $50 off
of your order but also that ensures that
they know that I sent you which is great
for the program and it helps keep all of
our illegal immigrants employed so
that's really good so helix sleep comm /
Ben helix sleep comm / Ben is where you
want to go for all this and the mattress
is the products great it's cheaper it's
it's convenient a helix sleep comm / man
ok so lots to get to today here on the
bench Shapiro show let's begin with the
story that should be the lead story of
the day so the story that should be the
lead story of the day is courtesy of the
New York Post quote Hillary Clinton put
the State Department up for sale with
top aides pulling strings and doing
favors for fat cat donors to the Clinton
Foundation including a shady billionaire
according to smoking-gun emails released
on Tuesday the stunning revelations
include how wealthy contributors seeking
influence or prestigious government gigs
could fork over piles of cash to get
access to Clinton's inner circle
including top aides Huma Abedin in
General Mills in an April 2009 message
to Abaddon and Mills Doug bans who was
overseeing the Clinton Foundation at the
time that was that the Clinton slush
fund originally asked for a meeting
between a top US official and Gilbert
Segura who's a major donor to the
Clinton family charity he's a Lebanese
Lebanese businessperson does a lot of
business in Nigeria so he's like a
Nigerian scam Prince except that instead
of asking you for $200 so he can send
you a million and said he just donates
lots of money to the Clinton Foundation
to get favors from Hillary so this guy
who works for the Clinton Foundation he
wrote we need to speak to the substance
person regarding Lebanon as you know
Shigure 'is key guy is there and to us
and is loved in Lebanon and he's trying
to suck up to the big donor
it's Jeff Feltman Abbadon wrote back
referring to America's former ambassador
to Lebanon I'm sure he knows him I'll
talk to Jeff said Abbadon less than 20
minutes later ban replied better if you
call him now preferable this is very
important he's awake I'm sure so in
other words basically the State
Department was reaching out to specific
Clintons on the Clinton Foundation
donors he is a Lebanese Nigerian
billionaire who gave the Clinton
Foundation between a million and five
million dollars and he pledged a billion
dollars to the Clinton Global Initiative
in 2009 he has financial interests
around the world he's been convicted of
money laundering he's paid 66 million
dollars in a plea deal and by the way
all of this paid dividends according to
the New York Post in June 2011
banned Doug ban of the Clinton
Foundation from the Tenaya consulting
firm with Bill Clinton as the paid
honorary chairman in 2012 Abaddon won
permission to work as a $15,000 a month
consultant for today Oh in a special
arrangement that allowed her to remain
on the State Department payroll so
basically they created a kind of a
middleman between the Clinton Foundation
in the State Department and these
disclosures came via Judicial Watch
which does a lot of longer full work
judicial watch so none of this of course
bodes well for Hillary Clinton and it
would be the top story of the day and it
should be the top story of the day the
other top story of the day should be
that Hillary Clinton let the father of a
terrorist sit behind her at one of her
rallies and now she's running from
questions so Hillary Clinton was doing
an event and one of the reporters asked
her a question watch as Hillary plays
death presumably there - okay so the
person clearly and audibly asks should
you have known that your campaign rally
there was a terrorist there or terrorist
ad there I don't hear anything what
could be going on maybe those maybe
those doctors are there for her hearing
or in case she falls down but in any
case this should be the top story right
I mean come on
imagine if David Dukes dad had shown up
at a Donald Trump rally and they said
I'm like right behind Donald Trump of
course it would be an enormous story so
all of this should be the top of the
news all of this should be top of the
news the the state state department was
doing special favors to Clinton
foundation donors that Hillary Clinton
is seeding people like Omar matine's
father
the Orlando jihadist directly behind her
in the alley right all of this should be
top of the news instead instead because
it is a day ending and why Donald Trump
is the top of the news and Donald Trump
is the top of the news I mean honestly
it's got to be tough being like the
Trump headquarters intern you're like
any just picture the scene you see the
Trump headquarters in turn and watching
TV and then her face gets all sad and
she walks up to the whiteboard that has
on written on it in big letters days
without accident and she erases the one
and then sadly writes
at this point you actually it's not days
of that accident now they've they've
actually brought it down to ours if you
hit 24 then you get to one go to one day
and everybody is very excited like a
bell rings confetti falls but the Trump
cannot help himself so last night he's
doing he's doing an event and he drops
this particular line this is what's made
all the news and the news is dominated
by this of course here's Donald Trump
doing something very silly Hillary wants
to abolish essentially abolish the
Second Amendment by the way and if she
gets to pick
if she gets to pick her judges nothing
you can do folks
although the Second Amendment people may
be there is that or not but but I'll
tell you what that will be a horrible
day there'll be a horrible day so there
are a bunch of people who tried to spin
this and we'll get to the spin in a
second there's a bunch of spin what does
he actually mean okay what he clearly
means what he clearly means the Second
Amendment people in Trump's crazy small
brain are the gun people right those
crazy gun people will do something and
they'll either storm the White House
with their guns or they'll shoot
somebody they'll do something he's
obviously okay so let's put one thing
aside he's obviously not talking about
voting or political lobbying okay you
can tell that from what he says there
are two things there the demonstrate
that's not what he's saying and I I know
I know people want me to show off for
Trump I know that there's this desire we
have to live for Trump I'm not gonna
live for Trump okay I'm just not I don't
live for people I'm not gonna lie for
him I'm gonna call it like I see it do I
think by the way I'm gonna tell you in a
minute why I don't think this is the
world's biggest deal but there's two
indicators from what he said he's not
talking about political activity one is
he says if she if she points these
judges and they take away your gun
rights there's nothing you can do didn't
mean there's nothing you can do except
vote it means there's nothing you can do
and then he says the Second Amendment
people might do something right like use
their second Amendment right Lee grab
the guns and then he says that would be
horrible that's the second indicator so
yes that'd be a horrible day well I'd be
a horrible day if they went to Congress
and like petitioned well I'd be a
horrible day if they used their
political activism no it clearly means
they're gonna do something violent so
there's a reason to be not upset about
this and then there's a reason to be
actually upset about this so let's start
with the reasons not to be upset about
this first of all the entire media oh my
god he threatened Hillary Clinton's life
if you really believe the Donald Trump
is threatening Hillary Clinton's life
you're just a stupid person Trent Donald
Trump is not threatening Hillary
Clinton's life he's not intending on
killing her he's not implying that
anyone should kill her he's not doing
any of that right he made a stupid joke
a very ill-timed foolish joke because
there's what he does about how those
crazy gun people are gonna do something
about Hillary Clinton that's that's
that's what it is
and whenever the left acts all offended
oh how could he say something like this
let's flash back a little bit to 2009
here's Barack Obama telling a joke at a
commencement ceremony I learned never
again
to pick another team over the Sun Devils
in my NCAA bracket it won't happen again
president crawl and the Board of Regents
will soon learn about being audited by
the IRS so he tells his joke everybody's
laughing no oh it's so funny he'll be
audited by the IRS arming smile Barack
accepted Barack Obama then used the IRS
to audit all of his political opponents
so you know he joked about something
that actually happened then people at
the time were rightly outraged Barack
Obama's a guy who said that the Tea
Party are like terrorists well last I
checked Obama brags frequently about how
great he is at killing terrorists and
droning them so you know this kind of
violent language is not something
completely new it isn't and so anybody
making a big deal out of it is
ridiculous like how much how much
blowback have you seen Will Smith who's
this unison Suicide Squad he's very far
to the left
here's Will Smith talking about Donald
Trump supporters how much blowback have
you seen today on the news about this as
painful as it is to hear Donald Trump
talk and is embarrassing it is as an
American to hear him talk I think it's
good we get to hear it we get to know
who people are and now we get to cleanse
it out of our country I mean to cleanse
it out of our country so you can talk
about cleansing the Trump supporters
from the country no blowback there we
can just cleanse it out of the country
or and cleanse it I don't know how you
want to cleanse it probably not the word
you want to use well cleansing it has
bad historical connotations but no
blowback there so that's the reason why
I'm not like all up in arms about this
sort of thing on that level I don't
think that anybody is gonna go around
trying to shoot Hillary Clinton because
Donald Trump said that gun owners are
gonna shoot Hillary Clinton I think the
gun owners don't do that sort of thing I
think leftist gun owners do it after
buying guns illegally but I don't think
that that's typically a right-wing thing
to do we don't go around shooting
politicians with whom we disagree that
tends to be more of a Lee Harvey Oswald
communist type type routine okay so
that's why I'm not upset here's why I am
upset about this the reason I'm upset
about this is because Donald Trump
speaks conservative it's a second
language you know there are certain
people like I speak I speak Hebrew as a
second language my Hebrew is not very
good I can understand a lot of it but I
can't really speak it particularly well
I'm
learn Spanish right now and my England
my Spanish is a second language is
garbage reckon I can sort of get across
my very very very basic point if I'm
asking your name but beyond that we're
screwed
I know no good conversation is going to
take place and if I tried to explain to
you the complexities of politics in
Spanish it would utterly fail it would
utterly fail all right well that's how
Trump speaks conservative so Trump
speaks conservative in a way that like a
small child struggling to walk for the
first time is trying to walk that watch
my toddler trying to walk when she first
tried to walk she'd walk four steps and
then she'd fall right on her rear that's
Trump trying to be a conservative and he
every time he says something about
conservatives you can tell what he
actually thinks of conservatives is the
same sort of thing Barack Obama thinks
of conservatives he actually thinks that
conservatives are these bitter clingers
who cling to God and guns and xenophobia
and yeah I had to use him to get here
and I sort of agree with that my
immigration a little bit but but really
they're all kind of stupid right like
these pro-lifers you can always tell
he's trying to pander he always is
trying to approximate where the
conservative position is but he's like
little Jack Horner in the corner
sticking his thumb in the pie hoping you
have to plum and he's like that with all
the conservative position so I'm
pro-life right they asked him about
pro-life he says he says yes of course I
would prosecute the mothers who tried to
abort their babies there's not a
pro-life or in America who thinks that
but Donald Trump isn't particularly
pro-life he speaks it as a second
language even if he is pro-life now he
certainly wasn't before
and so it's foreign to him he speaks it
as a second language when it comes to
religion and he's talking about
Christianity he speaks it as a second
language they ask him his favorite
passage from the Bible and he says an
eye for an eye which last I checked was
explicitly rejected by the Sermon on the
Mount for Christians and doesn't mean
what he thinks it means even for Jews
man he speaks it as a second language he
does this even on immigration you know
all these people who are a boarder hawks
people like I've been a border hog much
longer than Donald Trump and I'll be a
border Hawk after he's not a boarder
Hawk anymore
Donald Trump's border hawk talk is all
about you know he embraces the Jeff
Sessions program and he talks about how
how they're stealing our jobs but then
he says things like Barack Obama it
wants to deport all these people I don't
want to do that cuz I have a heart hey
speaking conservative as a second
language I think the most obvious
example of this actually was when Donald
Trump did this at the RNC so at the RNC
he's giving a speech and at one point
during the speech he says we don't want
we want to protect we will
protect all of the gay peoples that not
shot by terrorists right and everybody
cheers yay we don't want people shot by
terrorists and Trump stops in the middle
of speech and he says I am so proud the
Republicans are cheering this okay
you're only proud of Republicans
cheering that because you speak
conservative as a second language you
don't have to be pro homosexuality or
pro the LGBT movement in order to
acknowledge and recognize it is bad when
terrorists kill Americans whether
they're red white brown or gay like
that's that's this is very simple stuff
but Trump doesn't get it so he does the
same thing to gun owners here and it's a
problem right he basically says about
gun owners that we're all sitting around
with our ar-15 just waiting she's
waiting for the Supreme Court decision
to come down and we're gonna march on
the White House and we're gonna stake
out some positions yeah but the snappers
up in the trees then we're just gonna go
in for squat boom boom okay that's not
what anyone who's the Second Amendment
advocate or a law-abiding gun owner
thinks and the only time that
law-abiding gun owners would start using
the Second Amendment in order to fight
the government is if the government
legitimately wouldn't say more than a
Supreme Court decision it would take
actual troops coming to their house to
remove their guns from law-abiding
citizens right somebody coming in trying
to take all the guns that's not what
happens even if the supreme court order
reject Heller right Heller didn't exist
for most of the Supreme Court's history
it's a very recent decision and it
didn't happen across the country the gun
owners were shooting members of the
government it just didn't happen that
way that's the problem that I have with
with Trump's response well we have to we
have to let Facebook live go here but we
will be continuing you her daily wires
go to daily wire.com become a subscriber
$8 a month we are far and away the
largest conservative podcast in the
nation and and you can be part of that
also you're gonna want to email you can
join the mailbag if you subscribe so you
don't just get the pleasure of seeing my
face for the rest of the program which
let's face it is indeed an inducement
you also get to email and become part of
the mailbag and really join the show and
interact with me which is rich where the
where the fun is so you want to do that
and obviously go later to iTunes and
SoundCloud and you can listen to the
rest of the show at that point
gnarlie okay so Donald Trump
