Barack Obama has spent the last several
years drilling home
the statistically evidence-free idea
that police across the country are
systemically racist hours before a black
anti white racist massacred five police
officers in Dallas you remember Obama
said police shootings in Louisiana in
Minnesota which he said he knew nothing
about were quote not isolated incidents
they're symptomatic of a broader set of
racial disparities that exist in our
criminal justice system after the cops
were shot Obama wants their funeral
Memorial and less should America about
the evils of police officers he said
quote we also know what centuries of
racial discrimination of slavery
subjugation Jim Crow they didn't simply
vanish with the log in segregation we
know that bias remains we know it
whether you're black or white or
Hispanic or Asian or Native American or
of Middle Eastern descent or are a
pokeymon we have all seen this bigotry
in our own lives at some point no
institution is entirely immune and that
includes our Police Department's we know
was carrying that message forward CNN's
Barak E Sellars argued on Sunday the
quote we don't have a vicious cycle of
black men shooting at police that
narrative ratchets up the tension in
this country where it doesn't need to be
but - it puts in danger more black men
yeah that's not so true if there's any
systemic bias in America its media
produced politician promoted anti-cop
hatred in the black community here are
three facts that prove it first cops are
far more likely to be shot by a black
person than to shoot a black person
Heather McDonald with the Manhattan
Institute author of the war on cops
she makes the point that blacks are far
less likely to be shot by police than
would be suggested by the black crime
rate just as importantly while police
officers face an 18-point five times
greater chance of being killed by a
black male than an unarmed black male
has it being killed by a police officer
second often blacks think cops are
criminals without any evidence after
officer Darren Wilson shot Michael Brown
under disputed circumstances misreported
by the media
blown up by racial agitators including
the president polls showed that a 57
percent majority of black people wanted
to see officer Wilson found guilty of
murder and presumably go to death row
compared with 56% of whites who said
they needed more evidence of course
Wilson was innocent Brown was a strong
armed robber an attempted cop killer
similarly
Oh J Simpson case 60% of blacks didn't
believe OJ was guilty
the police must've been framing him in
the Freddie gray craze 80 percent of
blacks thought the officers several of
whom were black ought to be charged
compared with sixty percent of whites
all of the officers charged have now
gotten off third blacks are far more
likely to profile cops than the other
way around
while 59% of whites have either a great
deal or quite a lot of confidence in
cops only 14% have little or none the
numbers are awful among black folks just
37% of blacks have a great deal or quite
a lot of trust in the police 25% have
none at all as of 2014
74 percent of black people said the
police were too quick to use deadly
force only 28% of white people agreed
this by the way is contrary to the facts
a new study from Harvard showed whites
are significantly more likely to be shot
by police than black folks the left
claims that all anti cop bias in the
black community Springs from historic
mistreatment some of that's true but
it's not wholly true young people didn't
live or grow up during Jim Crow instead
they've been encouraged by the media and
by their politicians to see police as
the enemy and that's reflected in both
action and viewpoint that's not to deny
there are many young people who feel as
though they've been targeted by cops but
it is to say there is way way more
evidence of anti cop bias than
anti-black bias in police forces i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
tends to demonize people just don't care
about your feelings okay so here we are
and we are on the Facebook live you can
be joining us right now and make sure by
the way that you subscribe later at
daily where I come she's need dollars a
month folks I don't know what I have to
do to get that money out of your hand
what do I have to do come there and come
on okay but you subscribe there you can
download the rest of the show later from
SoundCloud or iTunes alright let's let's
talk about the Baton Rouge shooting so
over the weekend tons of news as we've
said about Andrew Klavan in this very
office every time Andrew Clavin takes
the weekend off it's just the end of the
world so there are a bunch of big
stories we'll get to all of them the RNC
obviously starts today we'll go through
the schedule tell you what to look for
tell you what's worthwhile tell you
what's not we will also we will also
make clear what's going on in Turkey
we'll talk about that but we're going to
start with this horrible again shooting
of officers in Baton Rouge
you know so over the weekend three
officers get killed in Baton Rouge
Louisiana three more get wounded by a
guy who is a black nationalist racist
hates cops hates the hates white people
and President Obama immediately issues
his statement here's President Obama
here's what he said about what just
happened the shooting at cops in Baton
Rouge Louisiana regardless of what
organizations you are a part of everyone
right now focus on words and actions
that can unite this country rather than
divide it further
we don't need inflammatory rhetoric we
don't need careless accusations thrown
around to score political points or to
advance an agenda
we need to temper our words and open our
hearts all of us you shut your head sir
and the reason you should shut your head
is because every word that you just said
this is a guy owned a mirror hey where's
he from what like the lack of
self-awareness here is a genetic link
what's what's the story here
because listen what he just said he said
attacks on police are an attack on all
of us what are you been doing for the
last several years he says we don't need
inflammatory rhetoric what wait what you
had last week DeRay McKesson a black
lives matter activist who says that
looting is good that race riots aren't
you head him to the White House he said
race riots are good you had him to the
White House and there you told the
louisiana police to be nicer to him and
we don't need inflammatory rhetoric
since we don't need careless accusations
thrown around to score political points
you went to the funeral memorial of five
murdered officers murdered by an anti
white anti-cop racist you went to their
funeral memorial with their families in
the audience and you equated their
murder with the killings of alton
sterling and falando Casteel and you
have no facts on either of those we
don't need careless accusations thrown
around to score political points my god
Hillary Clinton was being at the
n-double-a-cp today we'll have the clips
of it tomorrow Hillary Clinton at the
n-double-a-cp
and she says the same thing alton
sterling in falando Casteel show the
police are racist you don't even know
what happened there what in the hell are
you saying you know how bad the DNC is
you know bad Obama is you're not bad
Hillary as the DNC is having a very
special guests speak at the convention
seriously this is the next week at
the DNC they're going to have I believe
in primetime speak the mother of Michael
Brown the mother of Michael Brown
Michael Brown was a strong armed robber
who tried to thug his way out of a
convenience store with cigarillos and
then proceeded to punch a cop in the
face grabbed his gun and try and murder
him before the cop grabbed his gun back
at which point Michael Browns turned
around and charged him full on according
to black witnesses Eric Holder's
Department of Justice and a mostly black
Police Department injury well but not
police about imagery because this idea
is just it's absurd all the way through
it's absurd all the way through he's
lecturing us on coming together he's
lecturing us on coming together now
here's the truth right now his approval
rating Horne into ABC is 56% his
approval rating according to Gallup is
51% every time a cop gets killed
President Obama's approval ratings go up
you know why you know why because the
media then call him a racial uniter it's
a problem and the media see him as the
savior right that's why he was elected
in the first place we have this long
terrible racial history here in the
United States it's a really bad history
well elect this black guy and he'll come
in in his own person he's both white and
black he grew up in a white household
his mom was white his dad was black he
can unify us all and every time there's
a racial issue the media turned back to
oh he's such a uniter oh he's so
wonderful he's so great because they're
not going to acknowledge the obvious
which is the heezy exacerbating racial
conflict for his own political gain he's
going back to black folks and saying you
guys were the victims and then he's
going to the media and saying look I'm
trying to bring the country together
these are conversations we wouldn't been
able to have except for me
it's very important that I leave the
conversation it's it's so sickening I
mean makes you sick to your stomach it
really is gross stuff and again
President Obama doesn't get to claim
surprise every time cops are shot he
said last Thursday quote I think it is
fair to say we will see more tension
between police and communities this
month next unit next month next year for
quite some time I thought he was your
job to help tamp that down I thought was
your job to help create a certain sense
of unity in the United States but
apparently not apparently not apparently
it's just President Obama's job to make
things significantly worse and it
continues along these lines President
Obama he says that you know this was an
attack on all of us this is this attack
against the cops regardless of motive
the death of these three brave officers
underscores the danger that police
across the country confront every single
day and we as a nation have to be loud
and clear that nothing justifies
violence against law enforcement attacks
on police are an attack on all of us and
the rule of law that makes society
possible oh you mean that racist law
that's systemically racist law you mean
that that whole criminal justice system
it's targeting viciously young black men
is that the system you're talking about
you know the one you were bashing last
week and you'll be bashing two days from
now it really is amazing stuff it really
is amazing and the lack of
self-awareness and more importantly he
knows what he's doing the media just
don't care they won't cover it they
won't pay attention to it because he has
to be there great racial Savior and so
no matter what happens he's the great
racial Savior and then finally he adds
we should be part of the solution not
part of the problem this kind of
hypocrisy just makes you want to vomit
and never stop vomiting we need what we
saw in Dallas this week as a community
came together to restore order and
deepen unity and understanding we need
the kind of efforts we saw this week in
meetings between community leaders and
police some of which I participated in
where I saw people of goodwill he says
he's the great racial unifier we need
the kind of things I did at the White
House where I got cops in a room with
DeRay McKesson who just yells at cops
all the time and then we came to no
agreement but it made me look really
good because I look like I was unifying
two sides it's really really gross stuff
it's really sickening now there have
been some people who have responded
properly to this the Baton Rouge Sheriff
but the reason this happened in Baton
Rouge just out in Sterling was shot in
Baton Rouge ok understand something
about the alton sterling case best
available evidence right now shows that
he was a criminal who resisted arrest
was illegally carrying a gun was tackled
to the ground he had two cops on top him
the shout gun gun don't reach for or I
will blow you away basically and the
next thing you know they're shooting him
that sound to you like an unjustified
police shooting or does it sound more
like he probably reached for his gun and
they shot him because the video footage
doesn't show anything so you're gonna
have to judge it just based on the
evidence in front of you but Obama
doesn't he says that Alton Sterling's a
victim of our racist evil system so does
Hillary Clinton the Baton Rouge Sheriff
he's asked about gun control
and here is his answer about gun control
with God's help we will get through this
to me this is not so much about gun
control as it is about what's in men's
hearts and until we come together as a
nation as a people to heal as a people
if we don't do that in this madness
continues we will surely perish as a
people okay and that's exactly right
the idea that there's evil in human
beings hearts that's exactly right but
Obama forwards the evil in human beings
hearts he's the one who's out there
exacerbating it so are the media the
media want that evil in human beings
hearts they don't care what the evidence
shows they're not interested in what the
evidence shows they're not interested in
making this conflict go away through
better behavior all they're interested
in is ratcheting up the tension so they
can claim to be the great savior so they
can come in and claim to be everybody's
best friend and there are victims to
this I mean this is just heartbreaking
there's this officer who the slain
office of one of the slain officers in
Baton Rouge black guy's name is Montrell
Jackson and do we have the Facebook page
for Montrell Jackson so Montrell Jackson
is a picture of him holding I believe
his kid or it's his nephew one of the
two and Montrell Jackson he posted this
a couple of days before he was murdered
on July 8th and he posted this about
what happened in Dallas quote I'm tired
physically and emotionally disappointed
and some family friends and officers for
some reckless comments but hey what's in
your heart is in your heart I still love
you all because hate takes too much
energy but I definitely won't be looking
at you the same thank you to everyone
that has reached out to me or my wife it
was needed and much appreciated I swear
to god I love the city but I wonder if
this city loves me in uniform I get
nasty hateful looks and out of uniform
some consider me a threat I've
experienced so much in my short life and
these last three days have tested me to
the core when people you know begin to
question your integrity you realize they
don't really know you at all look at my
actions they speak loud and clear
finally I want to personally I
personally want to send prayers out to
everyone directly affected by this
tragedy these are trying times
please don't let hate infect your heart
this city must and will get better I'm
working in these streets so any protest
officers friends family or whoever if
you see me and need a hug or wants to
say a prayer I got you this guy was
murdered on Sunday he was shot on Sunday
by an anti cop racist piece of absolute
human crap and that's driven by people
who see the color of the uniform over
the over the character of the human
being or the color of skin over the
character of the human being it's just
it makes you want to cry and this is
what the left has brought us to this is
what the American Left has brought us to
and it's just evil it's just evil is a
good man
murdered because of the uniform that he
wore in order to protect his city and
from his own note protect people who
look like him and doesn't matter doesn't
matter he's wearing that uniform and
that's all that matters because we have
systemic racism in our system and that
system must be wiped out by the way it
is worth noting black cops when they say
you know shootings of black people
studies showed that black cops are more
likely to shoot black people and white
people are white cops are and that's not
a rip on the black cops
that's just an expla it's it's a
statement that it's not racism that
drives police forces it isn't it's an
attempt to stop crime that drives 99
percent of police officers and it's just
it's it's devastating when you see the
President of the United States
purposefully and the left purposefully
tearing apart the country along racial
lines because they want law enforcement
brought to its knees all of which means
that and you can see it in the media you
really can David Clarke is the sheriff
in Milwaukee there was just another cop
shooting in Milwaukee this morning by
the way and another cop was shot and
David Clarke was on with Don Lemon on
CNN and watch Don Lemon cut off his mic
because Don Lemon a member of the media
can't deal with the idea that there
might be a racist too tense to black
lives matter are we talking about police
officers being under attack because
let's go back to where this whole thing
started in Ferguson Terry though I was
doing a whole bunch of things into one
okay once the stats with this whole
phony movement regard it it started out
as hands up we've got black lives matter
right okay so if you if you want to if
you you would need to speak to someone
who is a member of black lives matter
about whether they are have perpetrated
a fraud on the American people that's up
to black lives matter that's not me I
neither neither a member of black lives
matter I mean the supporter or someone
who doesn't support them I simply report
on black lives matter
you condemn the anti-police rhetoric
coming from this hateful ideology as a
journalist sitting here on television I
don't have to condemn anyone that
anything that is something new I'd ask
well either people around the country I
condemn their jobs to condemn just like
I contend a beautiful ideology out of
groups like the KKK all right I condemn
it there is no place in American
discourse for that sort of vile
vitriolic hate coming out of this
ideology this has fuel and fan the
flames of this anger toward the American
police officers there's only one group
in America one time that truly cares
about the lives of black people in
observing ghettos and it's the American
police officer who goes down there on a
daily basis puts their life on the line
to protect who black people so when you
say we just want to have a conversation
line sumif let's protect a conversation
about the black on black crime which
kills more black males which is more of
a threat to any black male in the United
States than have been a law enforcement
officer okay and it gets at some point
here it gets dicey cuz Don Lemon doesn't
like what he's hearing he basically cuts
off David Clarke you can see there it's
funny to watch Don Lemon do this routine
where I'm just I'm just an innocent
bystander I'm just a journalist I don't
take sides one way or the other that's
such nonsense if you've watched Don
Lemon for any amount of time you know
that Don Lemon is heavily motivated on
the side of black lives matter
unfortunately we have to let our
Facebook live fans go at this point if
you want to see more go to daily
wired.com you can subscribe the show be
up in a little bit and you can also
download the rest of the show from
iTunes or SoundCloud we are the number
one conservative podcast in America and
and we are a the fastest-growing one of
the fastest growing podcasts in the
country so definitely check us out at
daily wire.com okay so the media have an
interest in put in promulgating this
narrative that the blacks that black
lives matter and the cops are at war
with each other even though the cops are
not at war with black lives matter the
the cops are not interested in war with
anybody the cops are just trying to be
out there policing crime
and surviving but the racial agitation
definitely has an impact it definitely
has an impact let's look at DeRay
McKesson so I've mentioned to Rama
cousins ray McKesson is a useless human
he spends his days on earth making
problems for people who are trying to
make the world a better place all he
does is go out there and yell about
problems that that are largely
non-existent so that he can generate
publicity for himself and then he gets
six-figure jobs from the city of
Baltimore I think he has a six-figure
job from the city of Baltimore Education
Department or some such nonsense DeRay
McKesson is talking about all lives
matter and he says all lives matter is a
distraction this is him with with
buffoon
Gaston from Beauty and the Beast oh no
it's Chris Cuomo sorry what is your
response to the idea that the hashtag
shouldn't be black lives matter it
should be all lives matter yeah you know
it's this interesting thing where people
are frustrated that black people are
focusing on the unique trauma that black
people are faced in this country and I
would never go to a breast cancer rally
and yell out colon cancer matters and
that's what people are doing here is
that they are frustrated by the fact
that people are focusing on the inequity
and injustice specifically targeted to
black people we know that the way
blackness have functioned in this
country is unique and that we have to
deal with that trauma in a different way
we also know that in focusing on black
people that other people will also
benefit when we get to equity and when
we get to justice so I think of all
lives matter as a distraction technique
that has probably been one of the most
through line distraction techniques of
the movement but it doesn't get us away
from talking about the key issues at
hand which are police violence in the
world that we want to live in which is a
world where police don't kill people
okay so here's why that's a lie when he
says black lives matter is just like
saying cancer matters I've mentioned
this on the air before no because if I
where if I say breast cancer matters the
implication is not that people are out
there who are seeking to kill breast
cancer victims when I say that we're
trying to when when I say that we're
trying to cure breast cancer everybody
agrees we're trying to care breast
cancer the implication of black lives
matter is that there's a whole group of
people out there who don't care about
black people that's the implication as
the implication he's making right there
on TV right you don't want to recognize
our pain you don't want to recognize
what
going on with us okay what I want to
recognize is the individual racist cop
who does a bad thing and then we put him
in jail what I want to recognize is the
individual criminal regardless of race
who should go to jail what I want to
recognize is on the systemic level that
the biggest threat to black lives is
other black folks who are engaging in
gang activity what I want to recognize
is that if we want to solve the crime
problem and the run-in with police
problem you're going to have to at some
point have a population that lowers its
own crime rate that's the only way this
is gonna get better in any way but
that's not the goal that's not the goal
instead the goal is to racially
polarized for political gain and exactly
what Obama says he's not doing is
exactly what he is doing when Jason
Whitlock you know who's a commentator it
knows that Fox News Fox Sports News one
he commented on the whole black lives
matter movement people have been forced
into a cunt in this country where you
can't be authentic the conversation we
keep having about police violence is one
of the most inauthentic conversations in
the history of American creasing Lee in
America people ask you questions and are
only willing to hear one answer a
hundred percent but Colin listen as an
African American again I've had problems
with the police and my family lost
someone we love dearly
to excessive police force but the
conversation about police brutality is a
lie and dishonest you're more likely as
African American to be damn near struck
by lightning to be killed by the police
and no one can have that conversation
and we're killing ourselves in our own
community communities and no one can
have that conversation and so if
authentic people are attracted to Donald
Trump's stupid authenticity I'm not
going to just I'm not gonna diss them
for it because I damn near get where
they're coming from
everything is so inauthentic so bogus
the trommel's backed into a corner I
found myself and that Colin Cowie who's
awful that he's speaking with Jason
Whitlock and Jason Whitlock is exactly
right that's exactly right 100% right
but that's not a conversation we can
have you know Hillary Clinton as I
mentioned is speaking in front of the
n-double a-c-p today and she's doing the
full pander I mean full-on pandering and
that's all she does now she tweets out
in Spanish about Donald Trump about
Donald Trump pandering over taco bowls I
tweeted
over the weekend lady who does not speak
Spanish tweets in Spanish to pander
dismiss panics over Donald Trump
pandering to Hispanics that's what our
politics has basically become now you
know there is a real conversation be had
here Donald Trump should have done it he
hadn't he was invited to the
n-double-a-cp
and people say why didn't he go you know
he shouldn't have gone what's the point
they're just gonna receive him badly the
point is whenever you have a chance to
speak truth to people you go and you
speak truth to people
I wish you'd gone to the n-double-a-cp
and I wish that what he had said is look
you name US cases where police do brutal
things and we are happy more than happy
everyone is happy we're all on the same
page prosecute those people but but if
we really want to cure the problem of
police relations with the black
community we need to lower the violent
crime rate in the black community and
the only way to do that is to stop the
government dependency is to stop
pretending that this is all a myth that
the black high crime rate is all a myth
stop pretending that the real threat to
young black people is white people
rather than other young black people
stop pretending that there isn't a
culture that's being instilled in
particular areas of American society
that's very negative for the people
living in that part of American society
speaking the truth sometimes has an
impact and if he's booed off the stage
find he's booed off the stage now we
know where we stand
but going and speaking truth seems to me
a better thing to do so it's time for a
little bit of good Trump bad room
because of cohorts today is the
Republican national conventions begins
it's already been gaveled into into
being by Ryan Smith Priebus and in
Donald Trump I'm not gonna start with
what Donald Trump said at the convention
he's not speaking until Thursday night
we'll talk about the schedule of the
convention in just a minute but I won't
talk about Trump's response to Baton
Rouge Donald Trump has been handed the
single best news cycle for any
Republican candidate in living memory in
the last five weeks we've had Britain
exiting the EU we've had Hillary Clinton
nearly indicted for corruption we've had
terrorist attacks in Orlando terrorist
attacks in Nice and we've had two major
anti-cop terrorist attacks in the United
States basically every piece of leftist
foreign and domestic policy is imploding
Donald Trump has such an opportunity
here and he has a particularly strong
opportunity because as I've said on this
program for a long time if Republicans
want to win they have to run on two
things strength a national policy and
security at home
right so we're talking about strong
national foreign policy and we're
talking about anti-crime policy here at
home there's a reason rudy giuliani
becomes mayor of New York and then
because people love his economic plans
because he says I'm gonna fix up Times
Square it's one legitimately the only
places in the political debate where
Republicans and conservatives want more
government not less government and
that's when you're talking about law
enforcement and when you're talking
about voting for people in government
typically the person who wants more
government rather than less is that an
advantage that's particularly true in
foreign policy and when it comes to
keeping people say so Trump has a real
opportunity here so fortunately this is
what Trump is good okay so here is
Donald Trump reacting to Baton Rouge we
don't know the motive at this point but
it does feel to a lot of people Donald
Trump like things are spinning out of
control well it does I mean you look at
so many different fronts it's you know
radical Islam and by the way he seems to
be a member of that group also seems to
be something going on there but it's
very sad what's happening of Islam is
mr. Trump bad bad people bad people no
question about it really bad what needs
to be done to stop thus we are you know
it seems this is happening more and more
often where we're waking up and
reporting things like that well it would
be wonderful if people could turn them
in I mean he had a lot of hate and you
look at they looked at some of his
videos that were vicious and hateful and
this be really good if people would turn
them in people know I mean people have
an idea at least in some cases you look
at some of these killers in Orlando as
an example it was all over that he was
bad something was going to explode
people could turn him in and if if when
they're turned in like in the case of
Orlando people did report him and
nothing happened if we had real experts
that when they turn him in they could
nab them in some form they could see you
know before it was going to explode but
it's not an easy situation there's no
question about it okay so my mistake
that's a little bit of an Trump the
reasons a little bit of a trump is
because this particular shooter this
particular shooter is not a radical
Muslim he joined the Nation of Islam
which is a different thing and Trump
mixes up the - but here's good
now we got to actual the Trump here's
actual good Trump he asks how many
officers have to die before we do
something decent here so he says he
tweets we grieve for the officers killed
in Baton Rouge today how many law
enforcement and people have to die
because of a lack of leadership in our
country we demand law and order and
contrary to popular opinion he doesn't
mean the show with Jerry Orbach he
actually is saying that he demands law
and order which is exactly right you
have to you have to run on law and order
that's how you're gonna win an election
he talks about our country being divided
he says quote our country is totally
divided and our enemies are watching we
are not looking good we are not looking
smart we're not looking tough President
Obama just had a news conference but he
doesn't have a clue our country is a
divided crime scene and it will only get
worse ok if I wish that Trump were even
stronger on this well I really do
because this again would be a big
opportunity for him come out in favor of
the guys in blue say those people are
what stands between you and chaos those
people are the people who grease the
skids that make society possible those
are the people who ensure that you can
go about your daily business in safety
and security and we all take that for
granted but calling them out calling
them racist suggesting that they are
systemically biased against certain
groups of people is just nasty
especially without evidence stand with
the cops stand with my law enforcement
that would be such a good time form to
do this again folks this is not you know
me being anti Trump or pro Trump here's
my here's my view of this election as
you know ok my vote is my own what I
choose to do with my vote is my own
choice you're an adult you can make your
own choice my job here is to provide you
with what I believe to be true
commentary and to provide you with with
my perspective on the issues and then
you go and make an adult responsible
decision I'm not here to chauffeur Trump
and I'm certainly not here to show for
Hillary who I think is evil I think that
Hillary's evil I think Trump is a is an
ignorant buffoon that being said there's
an opportunity for Donald Trump to
actually make hay out of an issue that
matters make hat of an issue that
matters so that said Donald Trump did a
little bit of that over the weekend most
of the weekend was dedicated to
introducing Mike Pence to the world so
he goes through this whole rigmarole and
finally selects Mike Pence from Indiana
as his running mate and apparently chris
Christie is the saddest man at the
Dunkin Donuts chris Christie is is just
he showed up to the convention wearing
the red polo shirt and looking like the
kool-aid man like he's gonna bust
through the wall and go yeah but
but a sad kool-aid man so more like yeah
so he anyway he he shows up at the
convention and he was really text
because apparently Trump basically
promised him that he would that he would
make him his vice president I mean
honestly
chris Christie should have known he
promised both of his first two wives
that he wouldn't cheat on them and that
didn't work out well either but in any
case chris christie is is is thrown over
apparently trump was thinking on
thursday night late and Thursday night
can i still throw over Mike Pence and
then he decided not to he decided that
he would stick with pens because Paul
man afford his kind of lobbyist is
welcome at his lobbyist is his man his
campaign manager he said you should pick
pen so number one Republicans keep
waiting for Donald Trump to pivot so
Reince Priebus who's now becoming just a
parody of himself he's just an awkward
man looking evermore awkward
here's what here's what Reince Priebus
had to say about about trump news what
you're seeing with the pants pic I think
the last few weeks have been very good
for him I know what what he's thinking
about the convention in the future I
think he understands it fully the pivot
to the general he's never run before for
anything he has been in primary mode for
a year and it was a tough bruising
situation and I think it's just taken
longer to pivot and I think he's
pivoting okay that that dude has all the
charisma of a manila envelope and and
he's saying that the Trump will pivot
okay so we're waiting for the Trump hit
so while we wait for the Trump pivot
Trump does a 60 Minutes interview with
both my pens and number one it looks
like they did the 60 Minutes interview
from the ante room of Saddam Hussein's
palace I think they did it it's I mean
this thing makes Liberace look subtle
either they're sitting there in the and
they've got these kind of gold festoon
two chairs and this white piano in the
background and Liberace singing in the
background there's like a tiger on it
it's all weird and and what what made it
really weird is that pence is actually a
pretty articulate politician and Donald
Trump is famously inarticulate and so
what happens is it's basically like
Donald Trump says something like I'm
gonna make everything good
it'll be smart and then Mike Pence goes
I think what Donald is trying to say is
we really need to cut back on our
entitlements they're really costing us
too much money or causing trillions of
dollars of debt in the future we're not
going to be able to repay without either
ray
taxes are inflating the currency and
that'll goes right and that's pretty
much how the interview goes so here's
some of the more awkward moments from
the Trump pens partnership we have to
wipe out Isis these are people which on
the ground I am going to have very few
troops in the ground we are going to
have unbelievable intelligence which we
need which right now we don't have we
don't have the people over there
excuse me and we're going to have
surrounding states and very importantly
get NATO involved because we support
NATO far more than we should frankly
because you have a lot of countries that
aren't doing what they're supposed to be
doing but I still don't know if you're
going to send troops over very little
but I'm going to get neighboring states
and I'm going to get we are going to get
NATO we're going to wipe them out were
clear war what does that mean is the
kind this was the kind of leadership
that America needs issue and we're gonna
just lay a war it is war
when the World Trade Center comes
tumbling down with thousands of people
because people are still I have friends
that are still we didn't go to war if
you remember we went to Iraq yeah you
went to Iraq but that was handled so
badly and that was a war by the way that
was a war that we shouldn't because Iraq
did not knock down your running mate did
motor for it I don't care what do you
mean you don't care that he voted it's a
long time ago and he voted that way and
if they were also misled a lot of
information was given to talk but I was
against the war in Iraq from the
beginning but you use that vote that of
Hillary's that was the same as these
governors like as many people as the
example of her bad judgment many people
have and frankly I'm one of the few that
was right when I ran but what about he
did he's entitled to make a mistake
every once in a while but she's not okay
come on she's not she's not she's not
and I did very well in Indiana like I
did just about everywhere so no affairs
but I got to know him very well and
would say that he thought about it a
little bit in about two seconds later he
called me with his incredible wife and
said I'd like to be but what like many
others
how does he help you a lot of the
Conservatives are very happy very happy
was that part of the dissing it was part
of unity I'm an outsider I'm a person
that used to be establishment when I
give them hundreds of thousands of
dollars but when I decided to run I
became very anti-establishment because I
understand the system better than
anybody else
he's very establishment in many ways and
that's not a bad thing but I have seen
you're a brash New Yorker religious
religious religious yeah
hey I wonder evangelicals the evening
well I think it means a lot
she's crooked Hillary I didn't ask him
to do it but I don't think you should do
it because it's different for him but
he's not that kind of a person for
different people
don't you think he's a struggle Hillary
I don't think he should use John McCain
do you think he went too far oh you
could say yes I just okay I'm that one
you could say yes I mean fuck look I
like John McCain but we have to take
care of what you do something like that
it's a constitution there's nothing like
it but it doesn't necessarily give us
the right to commit suicide as a country
speaks from his heart and well speak
from my heart in my brain just so we
understand it's so the American people
it's so painful and it goes on like this
it was like this the entire interview
it's so painful Mike Pence here looks
like he's like the husband with the wife
who gets really like she's very unhappy
at home and she gets wildly drunk at
dinner with another couple and she's
just and she's just falling all over so
they God god I can't believe that TV
shows honey honey just died he's like
grabbing her under the table like please
a not what a duck why are these dragged
eerie quiet why don't you love anymore
that's what it looks like here it's so
it's such an odd dynamic this is why
they're they're campaigning separately
they need a separation they need a trial
separation so it's it's just bizarre and
pen sitting there awkwardly is just the
greatest thing in the world it's really
entertaining so yeah I'm I've come to
the point in this election cycle where
everything is such crap that anything
that entertains me is just worthwhile so
this is
this is very entertaining see Hilary's
not even entertaining as Hilary's just
evil so evil is less entertaining this
is just buffoonery so it's pretty says
pretty funny I mean like him sitting
there saying that he's gonna declare war
on Isis but he's gonna spend very few
troops but not like after 9/11 but we
didn't send troops but he didn't like
that but pens did but Hillary did also
like what okay so this is a problem this
is a problem guys and this is why Donald
Trump is not blowing away Hillary in the
polls and he should be he should be
really far ahead of her at this point
there should not be a close election all
the events have gone in his favor
Hillary's so unpopular she's so deeply
unpopular and I think that this this
partnership is not going to work
particularly well because you got the
freewheeling Trump on the one hand
you've got the straight-laced Penn's
here sitting there just gripping and
grinning and trying desperately to not
it's it's it's bizarro world
it's bizarro world and it's gonna get
worse by the way on the Democratic side
of the aisle but Hillary if Hillary
picks Elizabeth Warren it's gonna be too
crazy shrews on one hand and over here
you're gonna get crazy get crazy Donald
and his ventriloquist dummy Mike Pence
on his lap yeah okay so as I say you'll
make your own call okay you make your
own call and then again this doesn't go
to values it doesn't go to the positions
they take I don't even know what
positions Trump takes but it does go to
if this is the pivot if this was the
pivot then we have a problem okay
meanwhile the Obama administration
continues to be completely delusional so
there was that attack in nice last week
where this evil piece of crap Islamist
jihadist he drove a truck over 150
people basically and good news John
Kerry John Kerry our Secretary of State
he says that Isis is on the run and this
is proof because it turns out that more
dead people in the West is proof that
Isis is on the run
what we believe this indicates however
is that - ISIL in Syria and Iraq is
under great great pressure and people
are acting out in various places they
are not growing in their ability to do
things they are shrinking we've taken
back 40% 45% of the territory they held
in Iraq we're squeezing
town after town we've liberated
communities we're making progress now
advancing on Mosul in Syria
likewise they're not able to attack and
hold towns they are on the run and I
believe what we're seeing are the
desperate actions of an entity that sees
the noose closing around it okay so two
things one is it's true that Isis is
seeing some some problems they're not on
the verge of collapse I mean when he
says that they're on the run that
they're on the verge of collapse no
they'll be there for another few years
at least I mean they're not it's not
like they're there two months away from
complete destruction and the longer it
takes for us to destroy them the more
they can lash out at people and the more
they can do these evil things John Kerry
and his and his Easter Island egg face
you know him him going around saying
things like they're on the run it just
sounds delusional at a time when people
are running running these folks over it
also depends who takes over for them
okay if Iran fills that gap if Isis goes
away and Iran fills that gap we're no
better off right now it's being reported
by The Associated Press this is breaking
news get ready for this remember Obama
said about the Iran deal that it was
going to stop the Iranian nuclear
program quote they just revealed a
document quote the document is the only
secret text linked to last year's
agreement between Iran and six foreign
powers it says that after a period of 11
to 13 years Iran can replace its 5060
inefficient centrifuges with up to 3,500
advanced centrifuges since those are
five times have sufficient the time Iran
would need to make a weapon will drop
from a year to six months in other words
the Obama administration made it easier
for the Iranians to get a bomb and here
they are talking about our security this
is why I say folks Donald Trump should
be up a thousand points in the polls
because this is Hillary's administration
and she's evil and she's terrible and
she's corrupt and the Obama
administration is gross from black lives
mattered to Iran and Trump his wild
incompetence is actually insulting it's
actually an insulting thing at this
point maybe he can get it under control
maybe he can maybe he'll start being a
an actual honest-to-god thinking human
being but somehow I sort of doubt it
okay time for the thing I like and then
thing I hate
so things I like so this week we're
gonna do the scariest scenes in movies
so I'm not doing horror movies because
I'm not a big fan of horror movies plus
I don't think
they're particularly scary so much is
just kind of surprising like they're
more shocking than scary I'm talking
about like things that creep you out
things that would actually scare you if
you saw them in real life not like the
easy scare is it's dark in a room and
someone pops their head up and you
weren't expecting them that's that's
less that's more shocking than scary
this is maybe one of the scariest scenes
in movies and it's it's funny but it's
scary is this scene from the Goodfellas
with Joe Pesci and Ray Liotta and Joe
Pesci was one of the most frightening
figures in film history in this
particular film and in Goodfellas not
film I I greatly enjoy but this is a
scary scene
he's absolutely volatile he'll kill
people for like nothing and there's the
scene with Ray Liotta where he's making
everybody laugh around the dinner table
and then things get very very tense you
know it's just funny it's everything
funny how I mean it's funny but Tommy no
you got it all wrong oh he's a big boy
he knows what he said what'd you say
funny help legitimately right after that
legitimately right after that a guy
comes up and gives him the building hits
in the head with a bottle so is this
it's a you know that's that's one of the
scarier scenes in movies one of the
scariest movie movie villains ever so
we'll do scary movie villains this week
okay time for a thing I hate so last
week I thought for once there might be a
ray of sunshine in the news cycle I
thought there might be something good
happening in the news cycle this was the
coup in Turkey so the turkish President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan is an Islamist
Hamas loving quasi Isis friendly piece
of dreck he's a bad guy and he's taken
Turkey which was a secular Haven and
he's turned it back into an Islamist
State so now he's been purging the
military for 10 years he's been read
into grating radical Islam into the life
of the nation he's basically bought off
some of the political interests in the
country so he's gone to the Kurds
basically and almost allowed them and
set up a separate Kurdistan in the east
of Turkey
so the Kurds are sort of okay with him
kind of but the but basically by purging
all
these people he's he's setting up
himself for a dictatorship in his Lamas
dictatorship and getting rid of the
democracy so there's an attempted coup
on Friday and it's still unclear what
exactly happened here it unfolded in
real time it was over within five hours
of it starting basically it looked like
a splinter group from the military tried
to take over all the offices of the
government they made the crucial first
mistake they didn't capture it alone
himself if they had they could have
locked him up that could have imprisoned
him that's what the military did in
Egypt with Mohamed Morsi the Muslim
Brotherhood guy who was elected they
didn't do that with everyone then there
was a backlash these military guys were
arrested by Airlines police and now he's
arresting 6,000 members of the military
he's imprisoning judges people are gonna
get shot he's gonna crack down on the
press he's cracked down on all the
members of the media basically he's
shutting down the Internet
he's doing all the things so there are
people who say that this might have been
fake that basically it was a setup by
Aaron on in order to allow him to
consolidate his power that he basically
put these people up to a coup they tried
to coup it failed and now he comes in
and he says okay we're gonna clean
everything up now naturally the Obama
administration waited until basically
this thing was over and then they
declared support for air21
Oh democracy must trump all now I wanna
make a quick point about democracy here
because I got into this debate with this
guy names I think it's Owen Wilson not
the actor Owen Wilson in in Brittany's a
socialist and and he I think he's he's
not a member of parliament he's a top
official in labor and he was saying no
democracy is the most important thing
democracy is the second most important
thing values are the most important
thing so Hamas was elected in the Gaza
Strip Hitler was fairly elected in
elections and Mussolini was elected I
would rather have and I think so would
you I would rather have an unelected but
liberal government like classical
liberal government than elected
socialist or fascist government and
especially if they're gonna use that
election to undermine the possibility of
all future elections which is basically
what era Toulon has been doing theirs
imprisoning dissidents and cracking down
on the press and and purging the
military and going after judges the fact
is that naturally Obama took the wrong
side because he always takes the wrong
side that's just what he does but the
reality is that what we need in the
world is is voting sure but that's a
secondary concern to the values that
underlie the voting which is why you
know the Bush administration side
that if we just let everybody vote they
have this this yearning in the human
heart for freedom it's such nonsense you
have to be trained in freedom children
have to be trained in freedom children
are born into dependency but have to be
trained in freedom because freedom gives
it means the ability to make decisions
for yourself that aren't stupid you have
to be trained to be a civilized human
being to really value and like freedom
and want to defend it that isn't true
for a lot of these countries for a lot
of these countries a lot of the people
there have been trained not in freedom
now in Turkey they have a population
that largely has been trained in freedom
but in the last couple of decades it's
been infused with this this Islamism
that is going to be very damaging to
that state what was an ally of Israel
and the EU is turning against it now the
EU has basically been accepting refugees
from Turkey by the hundreds of thousands
in the past few years a lot of the
refugees that you're seeing right now
from Syria and Libya are being funneled
through Turkey into the rest of the EU
this is really bad news is really
terrible Ralph Peters Lieutenant Colonel
Ralph Peters on Fox News talking about
the Turkish coup and he basically gets
it right well the situation is indeed
murky we won't know until tomorrow
morning at the earliest what's really
who's really winning or who has won both
sides are trying to spin it but the
macro picture is very very clear this
coup is turkey's last chance to be to
avoid becoming an authoritarian Islamic
regime if not an outright Islamist
dictatorship and we should make no
mistake the people staging this coup are
the good guys
it sounds paradoxical but they're the
ones on the side of constitutional
democracy president Aaron Wan has been
dismantling the secular Constitution the
secular legacy of Ataturk packing the
courts packing the legislature packing
the upper ranks of the military all with
Islamists he is not our friend he is not
Turkey's friend
and if this coup fails you will see a
crackdown and it'll be the excuse to
eliminate the last vestiges of
secularism and that's exactly what's
happening that's what we're watching
happen in real time and that's just more
terrible news but this is the year of
terrible news so why not whatever is the
worst thing that's going to happen it's
going to happen just accept it okay
basically accept it at this point you
know the asteroid hitting the earth
would be an upgrade
just expect every piece of news to be
bad from here on in and then it'll get
worse on weekends when Clavin is off and
then we'll force it we'll bring him back
in here we'll chain him up and we'll
force him to do a show and then the news
will get slightly better briefly and
then he'll leave again and it'll just
get worse and worse
so with that uplifting news welcome to
RNC convention week we'll be covering
that not a lot of news breaking from
there right now there's apparently some
talk that they're trying to force a vote
on the convention floor to unbind the
delegates anyway which would be very
interesting but we'll bring you all the
updates all the relevant updates on
tomorrow's broadcast this has been
Shapiro and this is the Ben Shapiro show
