the Democratic convention begins today
and all across America journalists are
breathless with excitement to watch the
first female ever to become a major
party's nominee for the first president
ever to be impeached and convicted in
her first term paving the way for the
first white male ever to become
president after a female president was
elected let's take a look at the
exciting schedule of speakers and events
that awaits those of us who haven't
punctured our eardrums and then set
ourselves on fire hoping to avoid the
whole thing today the festivities open
with an inspiring 21 gun attack on
police officers followed by solemn
speeches about how much Democrats
respect police officers and what a shame
it is they have to be killed in order
for Democrats to secure the black vote
the keynote speaker will be Bernie
Sanders who will issue a stirring call
for something that won't be heard
because the microphone will mysteriously
cut out just before trap door opens in
the floor and he vanishes down a
pneumatic shoot only to reappear hours
later in the year nineteen thirty two on
Tuesday the mother of schoolyard thug
Trayvon Martin will speak the unarmed
Martin was shot dead while innocently
slamming a man's head into a curbstone
next the mother of petty criminal
Michael Brown will speak Brown was shot
by a police officer for the crime of
just being black while trying to grab
the officer's gun and kill him these
mothers will try to get the audience to
imagine what it's like to have your
innocent son killed then the mothers
themselves will try to imagine what it's
like to have their innocent son killed
then everyone will close their eyes and
imagine we live in a world of innocent
black people being killed by whites
meanwhile Democrat officials will
silently move among the crowd taking
people's wallets the keynote speaker
will be Bill Clinton whose speech is
tentatively entitled when committing
rape is a cry for help because you're
trapped in a marriage to a soulless
power hungry lesbian DNC officials say
they're still working with Bill on that
title Wednesday is a big night as
President Barack Obama will tell the
crowd that the country is in terrible
shape such terrible shape that only
elected a Democrat can fix it according
to a pre-release transcript of the
president's speech Obama hopes to quell
the nation's fears saying quote many
Americans are afraid that mrs. Clinton
is a corrupt self-centered machine
politician with a heart eaten hollow by
the acid of unfulfilled ambition and a
dark soul in which in
actual scruple would die of loneliness
but I don't think that's entirely true
unquote finally it's Thursday and
Chelsea Clinton will take the stage to
plead with America to elect her mother
president social stop pacing around in
the Attic muttering to herself about how
Obama cheated her out of it which is
driving Chelsea crazy then Hillary
herself will reappear after a ceremonial
running gun battle with federal agents
Hillary will declare triumphantly quote
I have said a lot of things that aren't
true but there's one promise I can make
you tonight I am NOT Donald Trump
whereupon Chelsea will rip off her
mother's mask to reveal that she
actually is Donald Trump which may
explain the small fingers trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the antique Lavery show he can even say
even that is alive all right we're back
the Clavin last weekend we made it we
made it crawling through and and only a
few people were killed by terrorists
this is this week although at my house I
have to say we have this Grammy enormous
fire and it's not that close to us but
on Saturday the wind was in our
direction so I wake up and the clava was
when weekend begins the Sun is the
seriously the color of blood it is blood
red and smeared as it looks like
somebody painted it sloppily and it's
all smeared because the smoke is so
thick my car is covered in ashes and
this is weird green apocalyptic light
shining and I thought oh this makes me
the real Clavin this weekend I finally
be here all right and I plus a lot of
people attacked me a lot of you
listeners attacked me for my opinion
about Ted Cruz and of course as usual
you're wrong and I'm correct awesome on
top of which I told them I said put your
fingers in your ears and whistle Dixie
but they probably didn't hear me because
they had their fingers in their ears
we're whistling Dixie but they didn't
let you know if I tell you not to listen
and you listen and then you get offended
whose fault is that you know all right
so we have 15 minutes right on Facebook
live here we are hello and then come
over to the daily wire and hear the rest
of it and then subscribe and you can
watch the whole thing and also be in the
mail bag which is important because
otherwise your questions just go on
answer
and you just go through life like that
one day you'll be old and you'll say I
could have had all my questions answered
I didn't subscribe so subscribe it's
like eight it's free for a month I think
and then it's eight bucks a month and it
goes up I think a dollar every month
until it's I think a hundred and
thousand dollars no it's eight bucks a
month so anyway so here we go into the
dnc convention Donald Trump gotta bounce
apparently from a CNN Oh RC poll he got
a big bounce from his convention and was
something like I think he's like now
five points up in a in a four-way race
and he and the end Clinton is now gotta
68% untrustworthy rating sixty-eight
percent which means a lot of people
would be gonna go in and say I'll vote
for the crook you know the so kind of up
for but he's sixty-eight percent has a
lot of people and she had she picked a
vice vice president candidate Tim Kaine
and that's not gonna do anything for her
but actually I don't think she expected
it to do anything for she picked the
most moderate white male white bread
male she could pick basically feeling
that Trump was shooting himself in the
foot and she didn't have to worry about
him i think you know cuz she does not
appealing to the left of the party who
are now good and properly ticked off
because of these wikileaks of thousands
of DNC emails showing that in fact just
like Bernie said they were the DNC was
plotting against him they were saying
all these nasty things about him they
were going to use his religion against
him they were you know strategizing on
how to defeat him and get him over and
they're wishing oh why isn't it just
over so everything that Bernie said well
here's Bernie's response to hearing the
news what he had to say he's talking to
George Stephanopoulos I told you long
time ago let the that the DNC was not
running a fair operation that they were
supporting Secretary Clinton so what I
suggested to be true six months ago
turns out in fact
to be true I'm not shocked this but I am
disappointed and thats is the way it is
what should be done about it well you
know what I also said many months ago is
that for a variety of reasons debbie
Wasserman Schultz should not be chair of
the DNC and I think these emails
reiterate that reason why she should not
be chair but I think the main reason to
my mind is not only these emails the
main reason is we need a democratic
party that is open that is bringing
working people into the party that is
bringing young people that is bringing
all of the people in this country was
sick and tired of an economy that works
well for the one percent while the
middle class continues citizen is on
repeat what our campaign was about
George was ouch campaign was about
revitalizing American democracy I want
to see that incorporated into the
Democratic body and I don't believe that
debbie Wasserman Schultz is the person
to be able to do that see the reason
this is important that the press is way
under plane and I'll get back to this in
a minute but the reason it's important
is not because of us not because of
conservatives it's important because
Hillary Clinton is now at the top of a
party that disagrees with her that the
party something like sixty percent of
Democrats sixty percent have a positive
view of socialism sixty percent of the
party have a positive view of a
philosophy that has sapped every country
it has ever touched to SAP the energy
and economy and freedom out of every
energy every country it has ever touched
sixty percent of Democrats now think not
a bad idea you know we could destroy our
country like that be fun you know and
Bernie Sanders is is the face of the
Democrat Party and a lot of people who
might have been thinking now well better
than Donald Trump and I don't want to
vote for Trump and all this up I'm now
really ticked off their outside
protesting against it and all this stuff
on top of which you've got to hear this
is a long cut this is the first Clinton
Scott Pelley cut on CBS now pelle
confronts this is the first interview on
60 minutes of Hillary Clinton and Kane
together that running the team together
and Pelle starts to ask them
this I'll tell you what's important
about this after you listen to it but
all they do is Dodge for it's about two
minutes long so listen to this
expression the chief financial officer
of the committee wrote in an email for
Kentucky in West Virginia can we get
someone to ask his belief does he
believe in a God he had skated on saying
he has a Jewish heritage i think i read
he's an atheist this could make several
points difference with my peeps in
quotes did you know anything about any
of that no and I didn't know anything
about it and I haven't read any of those
but I am adamantly opposed to anyone
bringing religion into our political
process I I mean the Constitution says
no religious test so that is just
absolutely wrong and unacceptable but
maybe the point Madam Secretary is you
have people in the Democratic National
Committee who are supposed to be if you
will agnostic about who the nominee is
going to be and they seem to have their
thumb on the scale for you they seem to
be working against Bernie Sanders their
fellow Democrat again I don't know
anything I don't know anything about
about these emails I haven't followed it
but I'm very proud of the campaign that
Iran and I'm very proud of the campaign
that senator Sanders ran in your view
any effort in the DNC to favor one
candidate or another would have been
improper again I don't have I don't have
any information about this and so I
can't answer specifically we ran our
campaign we ran hard we worked to have
as many successes as possible i'm very
proud that we got more votes than
anybody else running including Donald
Trump and I am very grateful for the
campaign that senator Sanders ran
because we ran a campaign based on
issues not insult so I can't speak to
what people who were not working for me
who were saying whatever they were
saying I can't speak to that I can only
speak to my campaign
it must be refreshing for Hillary
Clinton have something new to lie about
okay I was tired of just tired tell me o
lies about the emails now I can move on
to line about the fact I didn't know
about this let me tell you the most
important thing about this okay this is
the first entry is this is the story of
the day I mean this this is this email
things this is the first interview the
full Democrat team has had sitting
together this is 60 minutes right you
know the most important thing about
those two minutes it wasn't on the air
they didn't put it in the show they cut
it out of the show the big news that
they dodged them for two minutes to
solid min as she SAT there and lied as
we have seen her lie about every damn
thing that comes down the pike that they
cut it out because Scott Pelley is a
Democrat operative that pompous he's
such a pompous guy and he's always you
know looking with that kind of moral you
know let me let me ask you about you
know and he even goes on later on and he
says why do you do it why do you stand
for and Clinton's best line I mean here
listen to the but this is their best
line about whether she's corrupt or not
listen to this I will take
responsibility for any impression or
anything I've ever done that people have
legitimate questions about but I think
that it's fair to say there's been a
concerted effort to convince people like
that young man of something nobody's
quite sure what but of something I often
feel like there's the Hillary standard
and then there's the standard for
everybody else look at Hilary sir well
it is you know a lot of as you saw the
Republican convention unfounded
inaccurate mean-spirited attacks with no
basis in truth reality which take on a
life of their own and for whatever
reasons and I don't want to try to
analyze the reasons i see it i
understand it people are very willing to
say things about me to make a ques at
our i don't get upset about them anymore
but they are very regrettable this is
the Hillary standard and the standard
I'm not sure that's a good line for her
you know because the Hillary standard if
she weren't running on the Hillary
standard they'd be taking her picture
face forward and then sideways and
leading away in handcuffs I mean
everybody else on the planet would be in
jail or at least in court for the stuff
she did with the email and I also like
the fact like she says and we never
quite know what the charges are you
don't want to list it's amazing there's
a Hillary the standard but all of this
stuff the important thing about this
stuff is that they didn't air it they
don't put it on the air because the
press well we know they're in the tank
but I want to take a look I'm going to
tell you I've told you the clave ins
first rule of mainstream media
journalism now I'm going to tell you the
second rule of mainstream media
journalism and you may have to we're
going to lose you on facebook in a
minute so you may have to tune in at the
daily wire if you want to hear this but
first let's look at Clinton's campaign
manager what he's going to say about the
D&C it's all a big Russian conspiracies
Robbie Mook talking about how the emails
were released what is the reaction of
the Clinton campaign to these DNC leaked
emails suggesting that top officials
including the CFO there we're actively
discussing ways to hurt bernie sanders
in the primaries well I think the DNC
needs to look into this and take
appropriate action and I'm sure that
they will what's disturbing to us is
that we experts are telling us that
Russian state actors broke into the DNC
stole these emails and other experts are
now saying that they are the Russians
are releasing these emails for the
purpose of actually helping Donald Trump
I don't think it's coincidental that
these emails were released on the eve of
our convention here and and that's
disturbing and I think we need to be
concerned about that I think we need to
be concerned that we also saw a last
week at the Republican convention that
Trump and his allies made changes to the
Republican platform to make it more
pro-russian and and we saw him talking
about how NATO shouldn't intervene to
defend necessarily should intervene to
defend our Eastern European allies if
they're attacked by Russia so I think
when you put all this together it's a
disturbing picture and I think voters
need to reflect on that all right on
that crazy note we will leave you at
Facebook come to the daily wire and here
the rest will see there all right so
here's the thing rule number one of
mainstream media journalism clave ins
rule number one of mainstream media
journalism and I always read this off
the page so I make sure to get it right
whenever the prejudices and illusions of
left wingers are confirmed by an
individual incident the incident is
treated as representative when those
prejudices and illusions are
contradicted the incident is considered
an aberration and treating it as
representative is deemed hateful that's
the first rule clave ins first rule of
mainstream media journalism here's rule
number two when a scandal breaks on the
right what's important is the content of
the scandal when a scandal breaks on the
left what's important is where the
information came from and how it was
obtained so that's when we see a guy
goes in with a hidden camera into
Planned Parenthood and finds out that
they're eating babies and selling the
body parts and taking money and this is
this part I'm not even joking about
they're taking money to kill black
babies they're taking donations targeted
to the abortion of black baby and the
question that the press asks is is it
right to go in there with a camera
hidden camera and record people isn't
that breaking the law didn't they do
something illegal when Valerie Plame's
husband Joseph Wilson lied about George
W Bush and saying that oh you know
Saddam Hussein wasn't trying to get you
know materials for weapons of mass
destruction and he was when Wilson was
shown to have not told the truth and
when it was shown that he had gotten his
job through her his wife Valerie Plame
which was illegal the question was who
released the name of Valerie Plame who
released it so now it's going to be did
is this a russian plot and mook not only
says that it's a russian plot to release
the emails which is one thing he says
trumps in on it drug has sold his soul
to the Russians and we're not going to
fight with the Russians in you know
we're gonna let them take back Eastern
Europe as long as the Russians help
Trump get elected here is Donald Trump
jr. answering that those charges well it
just goes to show you their exact moral
compass I mean they'll say anything to
be able to win this I mean this is time
and time again lie after lie you notice
he won't say well I say this we hear
experts you know his house cat at home
once said that this is what's happening
with
Russians it's disgusting it's so phony I
watched him bumble through the interview
I was able to hear it on audio a little
bit I mean I can't think of bigger lives
but that exactly goes to show you what
the DNC and what in the Clinton camp
will do they will lie and do anything to
win you hear it with the DNC where
they're leaking emails about Bernie
Sanders and his Jewish heritage to be
able to try to destroy him in the south
it's a rigged system it's disgusting and
the people should be fed up because when
I heard it I certainly was so I have to
say I wish that the guy's father had
this kind of focus like he goes right
for what he has to say and he says it
and he is got a little bit of his
father's fire and toughness and that
kind of you know cut your throat respond
so he doesn't hold back but he seems to
actually be focused on what he's
supposed to be doing as opposed to
Donald from that I this this happened
after the clava new last Clavin week
ended so I want to go back and talk a
little bit about Trump's speech at the
RNC convention the Republican convention
I had I'm Shapiro and I had almost
virtually the same reaction we were in
text messaging back and forth I read the
speech about an hour before he made the
speech I thought Jesus this is a pretty
good speech and it was full of the usual
Trump stuff Trump is really good at
identifying the problems and describing
the problems he hasn't no policies to
suggest except I alone can fix it but
here is just a piece of this speech when
he started to give it I thought my
opinion totally changed here's the first
part i will present the facts plainly
and honestly
we cannot afford to be so politically
correct anymore so if you want to hear
the corporate spin the carefully crafted
lies and the media myths the Democrats
are holding their convention next week
go there but here at our convention
there will be no lies we will honor the
American people with the truth and
nothing else see that's good stuff on
the page because this is the whole
problem we all feel we're being lied to
we feel that the press is selling us a
bill of goods they're selling this of
the Obama presidency is scandal free
when it's racked with scandal they're
selling us the probe AMA presidency is a
success when it's an utter failure
they're selling us Hillary Clinton is if
she has something to say other than I
will take your money and live well after
I retire which is all she seems to be
saying so this is good stuff but why is
he screaming and he took this 30 minute
speech and he screamed it for an hour
and 15 minutes remember that girly guy
who said the machine gun the ar-15 gave
him PTSD gersh councilman earth gun was
a toy I fired a gun and now i have i
have PTSD you know that's what i felt
like after watching the speech i thought
like this orange guys screaming at me
for an hour and 15 minutes i have a
nervous tic afterwards so then oh and
then and then the democrats reaction
which by the way was in almost every
single news story every single news
story used the same word as if almost as
if they were coordinating with the
democrats on their stories it was dark
it was dark he talked about all the
terrorism and the division in our
country and the fact that the account it
was dark a guy's dark as if the people
are sitting around going gosh things are
great you know gosh that's why that's
why we just are nominating the best
people in our parties instead of Donald
Trump you know they nominated own Trump
because they hate you they hate you
I they hate the establishment they ate
the Republican Party they hate the
Democrat Party they hate the breast
that's why Trump is there and the press
going it's dark it's like it's dark
because we hate you that's why he's
standing there so that's not that that's
not even a criticism of the guy and then
you know he did a good job he took
Clinton apart he just did it at the top
of his lungs play the second country and
when a secretary of state illegally
stores or emails on a private server
deletes 33,000 of them so the
authorities can't see her crime puts our
country at risk lies about it in every
different form and faces no consequence
I know that corruption has reached a
level like never ever before in our
country when the FBI director says that
the Secretary of State was extremely
careless and negligent in handling our
classified secrets I also know that
these terms are minor compared to what
she actually did they were just used to
save her from facing justice for her
terrible terrible crimes so he's he's
screaming you at one point he said I am
your voice and I thought no one room so
horse you know it's great but here's the
thing here's the thing it's it was a
good speech too too loud too slow but
still the content was pretty good
obviously he's gotten a bump in the
polls and all the stuff but he can't
stay focused I mean ten minutes you know
this the next day this is remember the
peak of your campaign you've just had
your convention the two things that
basically happened was the convention
and the debates those are the things
that people really pay attention to they
don't pay attention to every little
detail they pay attention to these big
moments so he's got this bounce he goes
out he starts attacking Ted Cruz he's
standing with his VP Mike Pence and he
says to the crowd can the press if the
president start a super PAC to destroy
Ted Cruz I mean if I'm president can I
and he turns around and Mike Pence's
shaking
no no don't do that and he doubles down
on it he goes on with Chuck Todd and
Todd asks him about it and he says yeah
that's what I'm gonna do while I'm
president are you really going to fund a
super PAC to help defeat well it's not
to an every one thing on my mind look
what's on my mind is beating Hillary
Clinton what's on my mind is winning for
the republican party with that be yeah
i'll probably do a super pac and you
know when they run against Kasich okay
for 10 to 20 million dollars all right
against Ted Cruz and maybe one of the
person that I'm thinking about what's
that other one of our say that I mean
she sees he's actually such a small
person I hate to give him the publicity
but yes I will probably do that at the
appropriate time but I'm not going to do
that until Oh give me the small person
no no don't worry better we give it to
you another time how was he talking
about that's right for president the
United States he's gonna sit her
targeting guys in his own party I mean
this is this is the thing this is the
thing it so everybody jumped on me last
week because i believe and i still
believe that Ted Cruz made an immoral
error in showing up at the convention
and basically giving the disc to Donald
Trump at the convention I was I did not
say that he should get rid of his
principles I did not say that he
shouldn't say what he had to say I said
he shouldn't have gone there to say it
that was the party's party that was the
party's celebration of their guy he
should have stayed away he doesn't have
to I just felt he was elevating himself
and his sense of his own principles
above his job which is it's fine if he
wants to attack trump I have no problem
with his attacking Trump whatsoever but
but politics politics grows out of
morality but it's not morality the
difference between morality is very
simple if you are a Christian you have
to do what you do as a Christian even if
they throw you to the Lions even if they
throw you to the lines that's a victory
for a Christian to get do you know
that's that is the victory of Christ
right he goes to the cross that's what
morality is like politics you gotta win
politics is an instrument for winning
you've got to keep your principles but
you've gotta win with your principles if
you get thrown to the Lions every
election as a conservative you
the self-satisfied schmuck you know
you're just a guy who thinks he's right
that's why in politics you compromise
we're in moral issues you don't that is
why sometimes we attack these guys
unfairly because they have to make
compromises to stay alive I mean that's
part of politics is winning and I think
that there is as Reagan said there is no
substitute for victory and I think Ted
Cruz let his ego get in the way he
thought he was going to go and slip it
slip a little Italian knife into Donald
Trump snack and Trump wasn't going to
even notice and basically he brought a
stiletto to a nuclear war because Trump
just blew him to pieces and the polls
are now reflecting that so that that's
my only point about him that he was not
serving the purposes of his party and if
he wanted to attack his party he
shouldn't have gone to the party's
convention to do it that was my only
point about him not that he shouldn't
say whatever he wants to say the my
problem right now is that conservatism
has collapsed when I saw Ivanka Trump
get up and give the speech and she's
very beautiful and the dress she was
wearing sold out in minutes after after
she stepped down I did it was out of the
stores and minutes people like during
all the stuff but when she was talking
about you know equal pay for women like
the government should mandate equal pay
for women and would under a trump
administration and people were cheering
that I thought well that's not
conservatism that's my my philosophy my
point of view has disappeared from the
scene fox news the chief you know
information of giver the chief media
information giver of conservatism is
collapsing in a sex scandal we're in
disarray we're in disarray and i want to
rebuild the conservatism not just that
its principle but one that can win and
i'm very much opposed by the way to
these guys who say in order for
conservatism to win it has to become
liberalism that means nothing to me
winning as a liberal means nothing to me
but we do have to think about how we win
and where we went and listen there's an
argument to be made the conservatism is
in better shape if Trump loses that then
we still have the Republican Party and
we can rebuild within the party if Trump
wins we may need a new party to take him
out we may actually have to distance
ourselves from Trump and we may have to
see you know maybe Trump will become
conservative you know maybe he's made a
promise to appoint a Supreme Court judge
in the tradition of Scalia let's
say let's see all of this brings me to
stuff i like because if of course i
believe that the culture is the long
game and if we fight in the culture and
win in the culture will win 20 years
down the line so here is a controversial
stuff i like that now recommended this
to about three or four people and gotten
different reactions from everybody the
Coen brothers recently made a movie
called Hail Caesar which I don't think
did very well in this guy hasn't got
very good ratings on rotten tomatoes and
all this stuff I thought it was terrific
and my attitude toward Coen brothers is
simple I love their crime films I loved
Fargo I loved blood so I loved blood
simple and the other one no country for
old men I love their crime stories I
hate their other films I think they're
boring I think they're rambling I think
they're up to sand obscure you know
they're they're obscure they like they
you don't know what they're saying and
that's supposed to be profound and I
just don't think that's profound so I
didn't think I was going to like this
movie but this is the most
anti-communist pro-christian film that
is well made that I have seen in a long
time plus it's hilarious it's about
old-time Hollywood Hollywood in the 50s
and the Communists infiltrating holly
was the only time i think i have ever
seen a film about the communists in
Hollywood that making them look like
what they were which was
self-aggrandizing idiots but it's also
just very funny here's a scene in which
the cowboy star they need a guide of
star in the sophisticated Lawrence
lawrenceville they were with Lawrence
Lorenz and that's he's played by ray
Fiennes and this guy Alden Ehrenreich
plays the cowboy star so they send him
and he's got to deliver the line I would
it were so simple I would it were so
simple and he just can't get it out
because he's got this country accent so
ray Fiennes is the director tries to
school him how to say this miss lon say
your line exactly is I'm about to just
as I'm about to do sure okay would that
it were so simple well what did it to us
since anal would that it were so simple
would that it were so same idea why why
do you say that why do you say twerp
will you said hey like I said yes would
that it was the same with the 212 system
would that it were so simple
that it would that it was a sample which
was my mouth with the Detroit system
would that was the same keep your head
still with it at or system would that it
were so savor the truth of what i'm
trying to say that mr. Durant's laurens
hmm I thought a minute ago it was a
little rant yeah we can use Christian
knows my good day boys Ahrendts is fine
just as I called you how to be okay so
would the detrusor or the Dutch with the
deux trois Assange trippingly would the
diverse a simple trick you don't save
Japan you say the lion took me it's
really funny it's got a couple of scenes
that and one other scene are like laugh
out loud funny but it also has something
profound to say about Christianity about
faith about the movies and why you make
art and why art elevates people and and
about how beautiful these old movies
were and how much they put into them it
really is a good movie Hail Caesar by
the coen brothers all right the
Democratic convention begins this should
be an hilarious week we should be a lot
to laugh about and i'll see you tomorrow
we'll start laughing then it that will
be tuesday i'm andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show
you
