a Democrat nominee for still unindicted
president Hillary Clinton addressed the
National Association for the Advancement
of Colored People yesterday the group
dedicated to keeping the fight for civil
rights alive until it destroys every
black neighborhood in America welcome to
mrs. Clinton with a statement from
n-double-a-cp president Beauford T race
card saying quote over the last eight
years the median income of blacks has
gone down black enrollment in food stamp
programs has skyrocketed and the
percentage of blacks who own homes has
sunk it's time we got a Democrat in the
White House to fix things when told
there was a Democrat in the White House
mr. race card added yeah but i'm in a
white democrat these black folks don't
know what they're doing reading a
prepared speech mrs. Clinton told the
cheering crowd quote I ain't no ways
tired and I be gwine to fight for my
homies until every cracker be like mofo
we best be leaving so feet do yo stuff
unquote mrs. Clinton went on to say that
black lives have been repeatedly harmed
by teachers unions that put their own
job security over good schooling welfare
policies that encourage single
motherhood elite tolerance for a
self-destructive and violent black
street culture and a victim mentality
that denigrates personal responsibility
and elevates anger and despair this has
worked well for us whites and you
colored folks seem to like it so vote
for me mrs. Clinton said addressing the
increasing hostility and violence
between black citizens and the police
mrs. Clinton said quote it is time that
America's police stopped racially
profiling every young black male who
happens to be running out of a
convenience store with a fistful of cash
and a gun we need new use of force
policies that will keep police officers
from acting until it's too late then we
can make some uplifting speeches that
their funerals about coming together as
a nation and won't that be nice so next
time some cop shoots one of your young
men I want you to go out there and burn
down your neighborhoods until your life
improves or vote for Democrats which
amounts to pretty much the same thing
unquote mrs. Clinton's speech was
greeted with wild applause by the crowd
n-double-a-cp member suicide P brown
told a reporter quote there is nothing I
like better than when some white woman
with two mansions explains to me why my
poverty is the fault of someone else I
mean if I can't blame my problems on
white folks why I'd have to take care of
them on my own
so I'm just going to keep on voting
Democrat until I got nothing left and
i'm going to teach the same thing to my
children wherever they are unquote
Donald Trump meanwhile refused an
invitation to speak before the African
American group saying he felt he had
already alienated every person of color
in the country and was time to move on
to whites trigger warning i bet you
Clavin and this is the extra flavor show
it stupid it's so cruel I don't know
it's a lot you know people yesterday
here's how it works we're live on
Facebook for 15 minutes and you can come
and listen at the daily wire and if you
want to watch and tomorrow is mailbag
whoa you can only be in the mailbag if
you subscribe now a few people yet study
complained that they didn't pay their
lousy eight bucks a month to listen to
me crack myself up let me explain you've
got that entirely you got that entirely
wrong possibly looks like we have
explained this right yeah the thing is
you go out and run the money then you
give it to us so we can have a good time
it's educational you get to learn what
it's like to live under Democrats and
election cups election comes you think I
didn't like that very much on the daily
wire so now I'm gonna vote for
Republicans alright so before we start
talking about the convention you know we
have to just I just want to put this in
context a little bit because if you look
on if you look today at the news it's
like Melania Trump and this speech he
made and how it was like michelle
obama's speech one thing you don't hear
about is this AP report ate the
associated press got hold of documents
here i'll read it from the new york post
more bad news about the Iran nuclear
deal landed Monday a dangerous secret
that President Obama has been keeping
from the American people The Associated
Press reports that the unpublished side
deal of this Iran deal is even more
disastrous than the rest of the accord
it relaxes key restrictions on Iran's
nuclear program in just over a decade
rather than the 15 years Team Obama has
been touting as of January 20-27 Iran
can start replacing its mainstay
centrifuges with thousands of advanced
machines up to five times as efficient
as what it now has the bottom line the
time Iran needs to produce a nuclear
bomb would be cut in app so thank you
president obama and run
this is the deal they lied they lied to
us about not only did they lie to us
before they told us that they were only
negotiating with Iran because a quote
moderate regime had taken place when
they had taken power when first of all
of course the moderates aren't that
moderate and secondly they had been
negotiating with them before then they
edited out archival takes with the State
Department spokesman basically stole
James Rosen she said yeah we lied and
sometimes you have to lie and that's it
so they just edited after that your
archives they just gotta know Jamie very
well we don't like history we just
change it it's that simple so that's I
just want to put this in context
meanwhile of course we know now the
baton rouge guy was targeting police
specifically targeting police there was
an accident rain seventeen-year-old
Afghani attacked the people with an ax
on a German train he was shouting I
think Christ is Lord or something
religious side maybe was reciting the 10
command but anyway so that just I just
want you to remember that this is what's
going on in our world and of course in
Turkey there now punishing cracking down
establishing this Islamist State while
the White House refuses to condemn them
because we're sending out attacks in
Syria from an airport in Turkey so we
don't want to offend them so Obama's
making all those mealy-mouth speeches
about the fact that this guy is cutting
his people to pieces all right but of
course the big news the big news is at
the convention Melania Trump made a
speech and there were parts of it that
were reminiscent of a speech made by
Michelle Obama in 2008 so here's the cut
Barack and I were raised with so many of
the same values like you work hard for
what you wouldn't like the values that
you work hard for what you want in life
that your word is your bond that you do
what you say you're going to do that
your word is
bond and you do what you say and keep
your promise that you treat people with
dignity and respect that your treat
people with respect because we want our
children and all children in this nation
to know that the only limit to the
height of your achievements is the reach
of your dreams and your willingness to
work hard for them because we want our
children in this nation to know that the
only limit to your achievements is the
strength of your dreams and your
willingness to work for them see now
some people said she plagiarized I just
think she want to get what it sounded
like when someone hot said it take the
difference now I want it i just want to
point out that yes you know there were
these similarities and house how dope is
this i mean here's this this babe the
trump has got you know she comes out
she's charming she speaks five languages
she's a businesswoman she's all you know
she's really an impressive person the
crowd loved her how dopey i mean it's
just typical of this campaign that they
couldn't pull this off I mean these are
this is the easy stuff you know this is
easy at first Donald Trump the entrances
you see his entrance look that comes in
in this snow like this rock and roll
entrance the smoke-filled thing and then
like of course he burst out it was
Donald Trump people ran for the yellow
my god it's not home from people in
terror for the exit but i just want to
point out one thing about Milania her
speech was different from Michelle's in
an important way here's another super
cut that we made unfortunate for my
heritage but also for where it brought
me today I traveled the world were
working hard in the incredible arena of
fashion after living and working in
Milan and Paris I arrived in New York
City 20 years
ago and I so both the joys and hardships
of daily life on july to 12 28 2006 i
was very proud to become citizens of the
united states the greatest freeleech on
planet earth for the first time in my
adult lifetime I'm proud of my country
it's a little different a little
different attitudes there some little
plagiarism maybe but also well they
weren't the greatest privilege on planet
earth or not and I mean and by the way
as we're speaking in Cleveland there are
people marching in the streets shouting
America was never great now don't make
America great again or America is still
great but America was never great so
that's what we're up against and I just
have to stop for a minute and just a
quick sidebar here I'm watching fox news
last night what's the convention on Fox
News and they started talking about
Melania and they're talking with megyn
kelly and wallace and britt hume and all
these people and this pc garbage where
you're not allowed to talk about the
fact that she's hot that she's beautiful
and everybody has to you know you're
sitting there with megyn kelly you know
it's like megan what you know like did
you think you got that job you look like
me you wouldn't be there you know that's
not not that she's not smart and
everything but this idea that you're not
allowed to say that a woman's looks are
a positive thing that in her life they
actually matter more than a man's I mean
look to be incredibly handsome as a
great benefit as I can personally attest
but that who for women it is an absolute
you know an apse of something of
absolute value and why you know why do
we have to lie this whole thing that
even the guys on the writer have to lie
about this we can't we have to dance
around it I mean obviously you should be
polite and give people their do but
please anyway so let's like it they the
good so that was the silly stuff let's
look at the the good the bad and the
ugly Rudy I think that Rudy Giuliani was
the best depart he did with it see this
is why I like politics here's rude he
just gave him the red meat it was just
like raw steak aah yeah there's ET de
decide who everyone ever mind philosophy
never mind
subtle dear he is talking about the cops
right we know the risk you're taking and
we say thank you to every police officer
and law enforcement agent who's out
tonight protecting us black white Latino
of every race every color every Creed
every sexual orientation when they come
to save your life they don't ask if you
are black are ye they just come to save
you
what happened to there's no black
America there's no world America there
is just America
let er go
how does it flown away you don't like
this stuff you don't like politics this
is what politics is work that's like
watching it's like watching an old
ballplayer come up you know to the plate
with a gum that took that chewing
tobacco spit like just a guy who know it
urban urban politics you know he knows
what he's doing he comes out of the
Democrat that Democrat New York politics
you know so he really does sound it away
like a Democrat but he's really selling
it let's take one more cut just for fun
this is this is contracting Islam I just
love this this is this is really Rudy
doing that convention thing in the last
seven months there have been five major
Islamic terrorist attacks on us and our
allies we must not be afraid to define
our enemy it is Islamic extremist
terrorism
I I for the purposes of the media I did
not say all of Islam I did not say most
of Islam I said Islamic extremist
terrorism you know who you are and we're
coming to get you come on I'm tell you
really if you don't enjoy this like you
really shouldn't be watching this stuff
at all I love the fact that they're
getting applause for Islamic extremist
terrorism yeah it's like they're so this
is a tired of nobody that you know
pussyfooting around it they're just the
fact that he mentions it gets screaming
applauded anyway that's alright so that
was that for me was the high point of
the whole thing of course it started in
chaos and this is the big thing you know
did basically supporters of Ted Cruz
went out and tried to force a floor
fight they were led by Senator Mike Lee
of Utah and Ken Cuccinelli was the Old
West Virginia Attorney General I think
he was yeah but anyway they were out
there fighting for the the Cruz forces
trying to force a vote a voice vote a
roll call vote on the rules even though
they knew they weren't going to win the
rules vote he got shouted down and the
guy they had to have a certain number of
states to get the roll call vote and so
the Chairman left and he came back and
said you haven't got the states but they
said they had the stage you know just a
complete mess here's here's Mike Lee the
senator who was in charge of it making
the case that they should have let him
vote I was elated this was a lost
opportunity was an opportunity for the
party to unite you unity happens when
people with different viewpoints are
respected and were able to discuss our
goal and seeking that vote it's really
very simple we just wanted a roll call
vote on the rules why the first order of
business that Trump had the votes in the
end right yeah look this this one isn't
about Trump for some people it is it's
much bigger than that it's about our
rules the first order of business in any
convention any convention of the
Republican convention as far as i know
and any political conventions you hooked
up the rules there was disagreement
going
the Rules Committee about the rules
package that was adopted there are a lot
of delegates who various for various and
sundry reasons wanted a roll call on
that that's all we wanted and they shut
that down it's unfortunate because we
need these people we the people who feel
differently about the rules for whatever
reason are the very same people the
Republican Party will need come November
help us win elections at the top of the
ticket the bottom of the ticket
everywhere in between fit see the thing
is to I mean this is guy I thought that
was kind of nonsense what are you saying
there I mean basically he was trying to
force a floor fight he wanted to
embarrass people you know with the Ted
Cruz who has still not endorsed Trump
you know is is basically playing the
Reagan game he's hoping that he'll be
the nominee I don't I don't personally
believe the Ted Cruz ever gonna be
present in the United States but I think
that he wants to come back he's going to
make a speech and hopefully it's going
to be his Reagan's speech where he where
people watch him and think oh gosh we
could have had him you know that was you
know that was so great it's Kentucky he
says he's going to talk about the future
of the Republican Party does it see how
many times he mentions Donald Trump in
the course of that speech you know we'll
count them on like one finger about
eight times e minute and then he hopes
that you know we'll all remember and
after four years of Hillary it will be
ready for Donald to be lowered from the
ceiling I mean from Ted Cruz to be
lowered from the ceiling I don't believe
that's gonna happen the Hillary Clinton
campaign just to show you I mean look
you got to admire you got to give the
devil her due and just to show you how
efficient they were within like ours
they had taken the floor fight and
turned it into an attack ad because the
theme of the day was make America safe
again law and order so they ran all the
scenes from this will play it I ran all
the scenes from this with the line you
know law and order where's the order
this has gotten off to a horrible start
the floor of the republican national
convention is in a state approaching
bedlam are we surprised that they
Nord the voice of the people that
obviously were screaming and you said
you know let's keep this going they're
continuing to protest here with a call
of a roll call vote Steve this is
unbelievable the podium has been
abandoned never seen anything like
and
lost control of his unconventional
authority was hard so ends with where's
the where's the order you know I mean
that's so that's look that is what we're
up against you know they we've just gone
through a couple of weeks that any other
Republican candidate would have used to
climb ten points in the polls you know
would be so far of Hillary now I mean
she's been caught out line she's been
humiliated by the FBI absolutely
humiliated the law and order is out of
control always a good issue for the
right you know oh I have to say goodbye
to Facebook so long Facebook come today
lee weyer we'll see you there uh but
said I'm sorry I couldn't hear okay um
you know law and order has been out of
control the killings of the police makes
the Republicans look great the Islamic
extremist terrorism as you would say has
been out of control five attacks and
seven is it five attacks in seven months
seven attacks of others but then just
all absolutely awful in in the homeland
in the West you know really terrible
this is stuff the Trump should be able
to use instead we're talking about
Milania you know plagiarizing stuff now
make no mistake the left would media
would do what it will anyway but it's
always worse when they're right so you
know I was thinking you know a couple
weeks ago last week and the week before
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg came out and
she started attacking Trump but we
didn't talk about this cuz I didn't
think was much of a story really gives
it was kind of filler material and
Ginsberg starts attacking Trump so
here's the Supreme Court justice who's
gonna have to make decisions possibly in
a trump presidency possibly if there is
a tie vote she might have to do like
Florida v Gore you know she might have
to do a make decisions about who become
becomes the president and he or she is
saying that Donald Trump is the worst
he's terrible even the New York Times
attacked her but the thing that got me
when the New York Times attacked her was
all she was doing was revealing the fact
that left wing justices vote left they
don't vote according to the constitution
they vote according to leftism you know
this is the thing this is the left
doesn't believe in meta reason it
doesn't believe in that higher reason
that
goes above the partisan fight so the New
York Times exemplifies what Ruth Bader
Ginsburg is doing they don't believe in
reporting the news here's listen to how
they reported the convention yesterday
this is there news report this isn't the
this isn't the commentary so that from
the New York Times a former newspaper
with the overwhelmingly white audience
hearing mostly from white speakers mr.
Trump and his convention planners tap to
african-americans to rebuke black
protesters across America who have
decried the fatal shootings of black men
by the police sheriff Clark is the
Milwaukee sheriff who so fiercely
denounces black lives matter sheriff
Clark rubbed salt in the wounds of
critics of the police by referring to
the killing of Freddie gray and Maryland
and saying there are some good news out
of Baltimore Maryland as lieutenant
Brian rice was acquitted on all charges
this is rubbing salt in the wound the
fact is these guys should never have
been prosecuted never have been
prosecuted so the new york times is just
reporting their leftist imagination as
the news because like Ruth Bader
Ginsburg like all the left-wing Supreme
Court justices they don't believe in the
meta mission they don't believe that for
instance whether you think gays should
get married or not it's not the role of
five judges to suddenly declare it's in
the Constitution of course it's not in
the Constitution there's nothing in the
Constitution that can be interpreted
that way but they don't care as long as
they get what they want not a question
of right or wrong it's a question of the
meta the meta construct of the
Constitution that's supposed to govern
our lives the rule of law so you know
when we look at this convention it's
easy to make fun of the convention
because it was chaos and silliness and
there's always silliness and conventions
all conventions are kind of what their
horror it's horrible showbiz you know if
you do it even if you do it well it
looks bad because who cares you know
died rather be watching something on HBO
you know but we what it comes down to is
there's just simply two sides to the
Trump question and they were beautifully
expressed today in the wall street
journal two side by side regular
columnist Bill McGurn and Bret Stevens
wrote two columns today about this issue
and they just perfectly put the whole
thing in a nutshell here's McGurn he
says in this election mr. Trump is not
running against himself though you might
not know it for much of the commentary
and coverage he is running against mrs.
Clinton
on so many issues free trade the claim
that Mexico will pay for a border wall
his suspiciously recent embrace of the
pro-life cause mr. Trump gives reason
for pause but he still isn't mrs.
Clinton that's crucial because much of
the argument for keeping mr. Trump out
of the Oval Office at all costs requires
glossing over the damage a second
Clinton presidency would do so he's
saying if you're never Trump you know
you're forgetting the fact that she's
going to continue the Obama the stagnant
Obama economy her horrible foreign
policy I mean mostly her foreign policy
experience boils down to Benghazi and
the reset of Russia that went well you
know just who he goes on to say you know
and on the cultural side he goes on to
say she is the candidate who touts the
Planned Parenthood view of human life
who sees nothing wrong with forcing nuns
to provide employees with contraceptive
and who supports the Obama
administration's bid to compel K through
12 public schools to open girls
bathrooms to males who identify as
female she is the culture war on
steroids whatever the shortcomings of
mr. Trump and his people non-progressive
simply do not share the itch to use the
government to boss everyone else around
on top of this an overreaching president
Trump would not be excused by the press
and would face both Republican and
Democratic opposition so basically it
boils down to you gotta vote for Trump
because he's not Hillary the other side
of this comes from Bret Stevens and
Stevens opens up his column talking
about first he opens up talking about
Abraham Lincoln and how Abraham Lincoln
forgave his enemies called for malice
toward none and charity toward all and
then he compares that to Donald Trump in
fact we have a cut you know John Kasich
has refused to come to the conventions
refused to endorse Trump and here's
Trump yesterday talking about John
Kasich look I beat him very badly I won
38 states I won the highest number of
votes in the history of the Republican
Party second was very very far away I
beat him very very soundly and you have
to understand this was a contentious
some people say the most contentious
primary they've ever seen either party
if I were him and got beaten that badly
i probably wouldn't show up
he has a problem but he signed a pledge
and from the standpoint of Honor I think
it should show up I also think this if
this were the Democratic convention I
think he should show up because it's
good for Ohio I wanted it to be here and
they had lots of choices I want so
malice toward all charity toward none
you know he's not this is not the
Lincoln partying Bret Stevens goes on to
talk about how the character of America
has changed that we accept we accept
Obama's lies about health care about a
ran deal and he's still you know we're
still saying the guise of the New York
Times are so saying what a brilliant man
what a scandal free administration what
a wonderful guy Hillary Clinton you know
there's still these talk about her every
now and again they'll pause and reflect
on the fact that every word out of her
mouth is a lie but you know the
character of America has changed and
it's obviously changed on the right to
that this guy Trump is elevated so this
is what Bret Stevens is saying and he
says if Republicans are going to spend
the next few days talking about making
America great again should be part of
that discussion also be about making
Americans great again or at the very
least making us better from its
beginning the impulses that have
dominated mr. Trump's candidacy are the
insult the put down the slander the
threat the refusal to apologize these
have poured out of him in such profusion
and such velocity that they have
degraded Republicans simply by
accustoming us to them mr. Trump's
apologists praised this as a refreshing
burst of political incorrectness but
that just betrays an ignorance of what
it means to be politically incorrect
saying you aren't worried about global
warming is politically incorrect making
fun of physically disabled reporters is
called being a creep but that isn't all
we've grown used to mr. Trump doesn't
merely lie as Hillary Clinton does his
statements are postmodern and that they
have no connection to a foundational
concept of truth that's beside the point
what's at stake in Cleveland this week
isn't the identity of the next president
it's the identity of the GOP its ideas
its leaders its followers above all its
character so those are the two things
and I think that sounds a little bit
like band I think talking you know
basically if you know if we plunk for
this guy we basically poison our brand
essentially
to me and there's a two points of view
to me it seems to me you can hold both
those points of view in your mind at the
same time you know there's nothing wrong
there's going to be an election one of
these two people unless something
happens is going to be the president of
the United States there's nothing wrong
and saying in choosing which one of them
is going to do the least harm to your
country in those four years while you
rebuild your brand I'm not afraid of
people pointing their finger at me and
saying I voted for Donald Trump I'm not
afraid people pointing finger me and
saying any damn thing they want you know
the point the point is will trump be
less damaging to the country than
Hillary yeah probably I mean you know a
poisoned adder as president which is
essentially what we're getting what
maybe it would be better for the country
than Hillary Clinton but it is true that
the concern that the Republican Party
has lost its way and that this is you
know this very very destructive for the
country and we're going to have to
rebuild the conservative Brandon we're
going to have to rebuild it in such way
that people will buy the brand I mean
whether it's in finding the candidate
that they like or in finding policies
that somehow soften the blow of freedom
because freedom is tough and when you
sell freedom to people they don't want
it what they want is safety you know and
especially now I think people just want
to be safe you know we're gonna have to
rebuild that brand and I think those are
two things that are that are both true
at the same time it's not really a
question of like Oh am I going to vote
for Hillary or am I going to vote for
Trump you know I would never vote for
Hillary I mean I really I would shoot
myself in the foot first but that's but
that's not the point the point is that
this is a bad guy this is a guy who has
no connection to the truth is a guy has
never read the Constitution and if we
don't say that if we don't speak out you
know then then we truly have soil or
brand in the true way which is that our
brand has become poisoned and dishonest
all right this brings me to stuff I like
if there is a thing on now I'm going to
preface this by saying this stuff is
really disturbing not all art is
pleasant you know some people yell at me
and say oh you know when I art as an
escape it should be better than real
life I don't believe that I believe that
art is a path to wisdom okay some art is
really unknown it's not unpleasant it's
just disturbing there are is a series of
videos on YouTube now called don't hug
me i'm scared it was created by two
british artists Becky
Sloane and Joseph pelling they
originally put it out on their own
website and it's now become and enter a
youtube sensation I think the first one
has like 38 million hits or something
like this what they are is they're kind
of takeoffs on Sesame Street these
little kids these little puppets yellow
guy red guy and duck I and in each one
somebody comes and introduces a
happy-go-lucky concept like creativity
so here's the one the first one is about
creativity so we'll play just the
opening of this what's your favorite I
did mine is being creative how do you
get the idea I just try to think
creatively now when you look at this
orange tell me please what do you see
it's just a boring or orange maybe to
you but not to me I see a silly face
walking along and smiling at me I don't
change what you did you're not thinking
creatively take a look at my hand I use
my hair to express myself i use my hair
to express myself now when you start
clouds in the sky don't you find it
exciting
thank you getting the hang of it now so
it starts off with that okay and then it
slowly devolved into utter horror and it
just goes from creativity to they start
thinking creatively and all the thoughts
start coming out of their head and of
course not all thoughts are clean and
wonderful as well so they get their
fight about the end their writing like
death it like and a little bad who's
singing the creative song let's all
agree to stop thinking creatively and
each one deals with a different subject
so like it though one there's one on
health which the one on health I thought
was actually going to give me nightmares
it was so spooky and there's one on
technology and there's a and the and the
idea there's lots of theories on the
internet about what these are about it
has all these little mysterious things
like the date jun 19th keeps coming up
and all this but I I think just in an
overall way let alone what they're
specifically about their about the ways
in which happy-go-lucky concepts simply
do not contain the full existential
truth of life the full existential
horror of life and I think that when we
look at the world when we're whether
we're looking at it politically or not
you know the little categories that we
want to put things in the little right
and wrong black and white categories
that we want to put things in simply
don't work and the fact that life is
complex that it's messy that it's
horrific that involves death and tragedy
are things that like the entire society
works to hide from us and these little
cartoons that they may just brilliantly
bring out the way that though that
terrorcon who rises to the surface no
matter what you're talking about it's
disturbing stuff but I have to say it's
absolutely brilliant don't hug me i'm
scared and i love the title to is great
stuff anyway we'll be back tomorrow with
more craziness and chaos as soon
assuming we're still in the same world
in the same country there will be more
craziness and chaos to come and we will
be here to talk all about it I'm Andrew
Klavan this is the Andrew Klavan show
