after hijacking a memorial for police
officers slain by an anti white anti-cop
racist to push his race and gonna Genda
all the while claiming to be a uniter
President Obama held a meeting on the
police and race relations at the White
House on Wednesday one of his most
important guests race riot fans array
mckesson who made a name for himself by
stoking rage over the fully justified
shooting of Michael Brown
then parlaying that into a career as a
black lives matter provocateur McKesson
has spoken about black lives matter at
Yale University where he approved of
reading an article for the students
titled in defense of looting which
naturally means that he gets to come to
the White House directly after getting
himself arrested in Baton Rouge
Louisiana for the cameras McKesson
supposedly chastised Obama for not
visiting Baton Rouge Louisiana where
Alton sterling was killed by police last
week after allegedly grabbing for his
gun or Falcon Heights Minnesota work
where circumstances surrounding the
police killing a falando Casteel are
still unknown McKesson even told Obama
he should visit Ferguson the site of
riots championed by McKesson
over a false racial narrative hands up
don't shoot Obama in turn kowtow to the
race baiter asking louisiana police to
give McKesson back his backpack here's
how the conversation was this is
literally how the conversation would
Obama quote we should get to Ray his
back back back I mean I can get you a
new book bag but I have a feeling you
want your book back back huh McKesson
yes I would like that really this
happened after the meeting with the race
arsonist Obama then appeared before the
press and rips into the cops quote not
only are there very real problems but
there are still deep divisions about how
to solve these problems there is no
doubt that police departments still feel
embattled and unjustly accused and there
is no doubt that minority communities
communities of color still feel like it
just takes too long to do what's right
he then predicted this is what he says
quote I think it is fair to say we will
see more tension between police and
communities this month next month next
year for quite some time
last I checked he's president sort of
his job to help stop that sort of thing
but he won't because President Obama is
a racial divider by both ideology and
for political gain more black people
will die thanks to these divisions as
police pull out of high crime minority
communities to avoid the wrath of the
left and more cops will die too
as anti-police sentiment
metastasizes I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show tends to demonize
people don't care about your feelings ah
so much to get you today here on the
bench Shapiro show welcome to the
Facebook live we're live with you for 15
minutes but that means that you don't
get to see the mailbag because we do
that at the end so if you want to see
that you have to subscribe it's daily
wired calm we are working on making the
entire show lives when you go over to
daily wire comm you can see that live
but you can still see the video of it
when we post it after the show you can
also download it later from iTunes and
SoundCloud after the show a lot to get
to a lot of breaking news today so
apparently Indiana Governor Mike Pence
is president is president Trump says
Trump's VP pick for for this upcoming
election cycle he's picking Indiana
Governor Mike Pence we know a few things
about this number one this means that
chris Christie is sitting alone in a
room somewhere crying eating Cheetos and
weeping to himself while singing by
myself we also know that Newt Gingrich
is somewhere planning how to build a
pirate ship to the moon
that's the lots and lots of things
happening this is about the weirdest pic
that Trump could have made in a couple
of in a couple of ways one is that Trump
said who's gonna pick somebody
high-profile somebody well-known
somebody he called a household name as
somebody tweeted online Pence is a
household name three of the five people
in his household know his name no one
knows you Mike Pence is that's number
one number two Mike Pence does not shore
up the conservative base because Mike
Pence in the last couple of years has
embraced common core Mike Pence in the
last couple of years has caved on
Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration
Act remember there's a big national
controversy after Indiana passed a law
basically saying if you're a Christian
bakery you don't have to cater a gay
wedding the media went nuts and mike
pence promptly caved on it so he lost a
lot of credibility there Mike Pence
disagrees with with Trump on amnesty he
sees for what we call touchback amnesty
which Trump is now coming around to this
is the idea we deport people they come
back and yeah we give him amnesty he's
also in favor of the trans-pacific
partnership right so he's in favor of
TPP the trans-pacific partnership treaty
the Trump hate so much so in a lot of
ways this pic doesn't make a lot of
sense there's only one way in which it
makes some sense
the reason that it makes a little bit of
sense is because there's this brewing
rebellion over at the RNC people trying
to oust Trump some of the never Trump
people trying to unbind the delegates
and this is a way of sort of quieting
them saying okay well I'm pick some and
pick somebody who's steady
I guess that the closest thing you could
come to is he's sort of it's not a great
compare somebody sort of like Indiana's
John Kasich is where Mike Pence is and
so it makes people feel a little bit
more steady with Trump if he picked
somebody like that Trump by the way
continues to run even with Hillary in
the polls another poll out today shows
is from CBS and New York Times it shows
that that they are tied at 40% now
remember what I said yesterday right
this isn't about Trump soaring he's not
surging nothing is happening with Trump
that's making things significantly
better what's happening is that
Hillary's collapsing so if you look at
the CBS poll a month ago Hillary was at
50 then 47 then 43 then 40 so she's gone
down ten points but Trump hasn't picked
up ten points he hasn't picked up any
points he was at 40 in that first poll
he's still at 40 so where are the other
ten points going who knows maybe there
was the rapture maybe people were just
disappeared maybe ever may be the the
unions came and buried them in cement
alongside Jimmy who knows they're just
gone right so this is the problem with
these polls right now is that they're
showing somewhere between 15 and 20% of
the population just know where like they
don't know what's going on no one knows
so I mean that's because everybody hates
these two cans that it's so much like
really hates the candidates we also have
the convention schedule sort of for for
Donald Trump now and it leaves a little
bit to be desired there are a few things
that are funny that are happening that
are worth noting he was asked about
Sarah Palin coming to the convention he
said well Alaska's really far away
that's not a good answer obviously not
the real reason Sarah Palin is not
coming to the convention I'd go with the
crazy hands but it's but you know
probably smart idea not to have Sarah
Palin at the convention although maybe
he'll reveal her tomorrow as the is the
pick for VP and it's all just a
misdirection it's all a big head fake it
could be I mean I there's part of Trump
that likes to surprise more than he
cares about anything else and I was
hoping for an actual is you know rose
ceremony at Trump Tower tomorrow
where Chris Christie is sitting there
like with the puppy
guys and Trump doesn't give him the Rose
I was really hoping for a lot more
dramatics with Chris Christie I'll be
honest with you I was really hoping the
tomorrow from was supposed to announce
the VP pick tomorrow I was hoping that
Trump would bring out chris Christie and
say and now the next I want to introduce
you to the next vice president of the
United State his introducer and it would
be Chris Christie and then the torrid
opened up underneath him and he would
fall down but there'd be a trampoline
underneath and he just bounced up again
it'll be great so in any case the Trump
is he's revealed his convention schedule
there's some big names missing in the
last two Republican nominees the last
two Republican presidents most
Republicans there are lots of trumps
lots and lots of Trump so there's six
Trump speaking there's Donald who's
speaking Melania speaking night one if
I'm cos introducing Trump though it's
not Melania who's introducing Trump
smart because Ivanka is much more
likable than Milania
so Melania speaking night one Ivanka
speaking the last night and then Eric
and Tiffani and Donald Jr are all
speaking somewhere in the middle so lots
and lots of trumpet I think the only 10
Republican elected officials speaking
total and there's six Trump speaking at
the convention so there's that there's a
little bit of celebrity but it's really
kind of b+ names and then no real a
listers so you've got Natalie Gulbis
who's like an LPGA Tour golfer who's
good-looking so there's that I mean
she'll be eye candy I guess there's the
UFC president Dana White all right
there's former underwear model Antonio
sabato jr. I don't know what he's gonna
do is he gonna do like a striptease like
what's what's gonna happen they say he's
an actor and also a former underwear
model I haven't heard of him as an actor
or as an underwear model
so it's weird also honestly if he was
gonna be an underwear model wouldn't you
figure it would have been that crazy guy
who in New York who like climbed up to
the top of the Broadway you know there
was a Broadway platform like naked and
started shouting about Trump like when
you get back okay but but there's no
Tyson there's no Don King there's no
Bobby Knight there's no Tom Brady so
it's and Tim Tebow is the biggest name
that he's got and you have to think Tim
Tebow not the smartest move if you're if
you're looking at being a Republican
officeholder to come out at this
particular convention but okay you know
that so she's got a little bit more
glitz a little bit more glamour
not as much as he wanted apparently they
asked if they could fire fireworks in
the stadium and people said no there's a
roof here
and so they can't do the fireworks
Trump originally apparently wanted to
come on a stage in a helicopter this is
true you wanted to come onto stage in a
helicopter
they said he can't do that either I was
really hoping that he would take a
motorcycle jump a bunch of cars Evel
Knievel style into a helicopter
helicopter up it gets eaten by a blimp
and then he comes down into jetpack but
the jetpack runs out of fuel and then he
releases a parachute with a giant
American flag on it and then lands on
the stage I thought that I'd been great
but but that's not happening either so
Ted Cruz is gonna speak all right
whatever Paul Ryan's gonna speak me and
the line up is and then there are some
people who really shouldn't speak there
is some time dedicated to Benghazi
there's some time dedicated to illegal
immigration marcus luttrell who's the
the lone survivor former Navy SEAL he's
gonna speak so it's not a terrible
convention scheduled by any stretch of
the imagination but it's not exactly the
kind of glitz and glamour that we were
promised it's not the razzle-dazzle
totally so all that said if you're
buying and selling political stock as
I've said to people if there were such
stocks right now is when you would buy
from stock and you'd sell Trump stock
immediately after the convention because
I'm ready it's that little convention
bump and so the polls for the next week
and a half are gonna be very positive to
Donald Trump and then Hillary will have
her convention and she'll probably open
up a little league because she'll get a
bump and then the media are going to try
and push her all the way to the
convention and she's already hit her
biggest obstacle right her biggest
obstacle was the email server scandal
and that's now in her rearview mirror so
that the media will now start pushing
her extraordinarily hard okay so that's
the update on the presidential race now
I want to get to things that actually
matter because the truth is that
obviously obviously the the presidential
race matters but what matters more to me
is the underlying societal conflict
that's sort of tearing the country apart
when I say sort of I mean absolutely
tearing the country apart and it's very
frightening in a lot of ways so I don't
talk about the continuation of the race
issue and the continuation of the
rebellion against police and the anger
against police and this talk the police
are systemically racist no talk about
real concerns about the police and then
fake concerns about the police like the
delusional concerns about the police and
then things that actually matter and
then things that actually matter about
about the cops I'm gonna say my
commentary I know some people were
asking about commentary on the on the on
the ESPYs last night we will do the
commentary on the ESPYs but I'm saving
that for stuff I hate at the end of the
show because as you know I
hate the fact that my sporting time when
I watch TV if I'm turning to ESPN I
don't want to be seeing President Obama
I don't want to be seeing rallies
against the police
the ESPN is so bad that yes pain is
actually live broadcasting Obama's doing
the race Town Hall tonight on ABC ESPN
is live broadcasting it ESPN I didn't
know that that had anything to do with
playing games then ball balls I didn't
understand that but but apparently it
does so we'll get to that in a little
while but I want to start with DL
Hughley so DL Hughley was on Fox News
last night and he's an actor black actor
comedian and he's talking I think this
with megyn kelly he's talking about the
the problems with the police this is the
problem okay there's there's places
where we can talk realistically about
race and the police like for example
it's true it's probably true so
according to this new Harvard study and
I'm sure as I said yesterday I'm digging
into the statistics now so I'm trying to
lock all of this down according to this
Harvard study what they say is that
low-level uses of force on black people
are more common even if their innocence
than low-level uses of force on white
people but when you get to the upper end
like shootings and beatings it's
actually more common with white people
so there are a couple theories that's
why that happens one is systemic racism
I don't think that's the case the second
is the larry elder theory which is that
the reason you have less shootings of
black people is because of that
escalation of race at the very beginning
and that escalation of force at the very
beginning in other words you never hit
the point where you have to shoot
somebody because somebody's grabbing you
really tight at the beginning and you
know who the alpha dog is so you don't
get into that with them that's that's
Larry elders theory and then there's the
third theory which is that there is some
racial profiling going on but that
doesn't necessarily mean that racism is
going on meaning that it's racial and
behavioral profiling so if : Powell is
walking down the street
very unlikely that he's going to be
racially profiled but if a black kid is
walking down the street wearing a hoodie
in the middle of the night then that's
gonna be treated differently by police
right that's that sort of the the third
idea here so all that said those are
real concerns about race that we'll get
to in a second but then there is the
black lives matter movement and the
black lives matter movement is utterly
delusional so instead of saying we have
concerns that low-level interactions
between the police and black people are
poisoning relations between the two
because of the low-level amounts of
force that are being used instead what
they're saying is the cops are randomly
shooting people it's a genocide they're
killing people
the cops are all evil and racist so DL
Hughley is talking about Michael Brown
and listen to what he has to say okay
they found systemic racism right so it's
unbelievable it's they also found
systemic racing and we know that Darren
Wilson Wilson left the department
because it was so racist it had to be
disbanded and with the Ferguson another
department that has been is rife with
racism you know I have no problem that
is no one has proven that nobody eric
holder's DOJ concluded and in Eric
Holder's the Ojo concluded that their
department was so rife with clear
handsome Otto Heidel dodged at all I'm
here in Fox and we're talking about the
young men that just got murdered in
women so a judgement and the assumption
is I am you don't actually first of all
but I'll tell you is this it is not
uncommon for you all to see one thing
the only place racism doesn't exist is
Fox News in the police department
okay so then this is the debate that is
being had and it's the most useless
debate in America right so you have
megyn kelly saying more evidence you're
Michael Brown was shot for good reason
and yell Hughley saying that everything
is racist there's no common ground there
because in this case one side is right
and one side is wrong megyn kelly isn't
saying there's no racism anywhere on the
planet she's saying that you actually
have to show racism before you say
something's racist yell hughley's saying
any time I say something is racist it's
racist against the evidence against the
evidence this is how the race debate is
going and that's why these racial
conflagrations that President Obama is
creating they're not going to alleviate
anytime soon he likes them they're good
for him politically it's something that
he wants unfortunately there's tons more
to get to folks and this is why you
should go to daily wired.com right
now and subscribe to the ben shapiro
show you should go over and try eight
bucks a month come on I mean that's like
the price of a decent hamburger so just
get less fat and go to daily we're calm
and subscribe there you can also
download the show later from SoundCloud
and iTunes as well okay so we're back
okay so this this is the delusional side
of the race debate and unfortunately
this is what tends to take precedence is
the delusional side of the race debate
so for example the editor of Ebony
magazine she's on TV and says killing
white people should not be considered a
hate crime how do you feel about the
president defining this as a hate crime
you know I have to say I would not
describe crime is the most comfortable
word choice considering these
circumstances there's so much that we do
not know about what took place what
motivated this person we only have the
one account of law enforcement we
haven't had the opportunity to really
look into his history in a meaningful
way when we use a phrase like hate crime
we're typically referring to crimes
against people of color people of
various religious groups LGBT people
people who haven't been historically
attacked abuse or disenfranchise on the
basis of their identity to now extend
that to the majority group and a group
of people that have the history with
African Americans that has been abusive
and we can apply that to either police
officers or it's to Caucasians I think
gets into very tricky territory so I'd
be curious to know if he was referring
to this as a hate crime because he
singled them out by race or attempted to
thinking of them not by race or because
they were police officers it's an
amazing statement right there can't be a
hate crime against anybody except black
people this is an extension of what we
saw mark Lamont Hill say a couple of
days ago black people are incapable of
racism right you can't have a
conversation with this you can't because
now you're suggesting that any time a
black person kills a white person on a
racial basis there's nothing there we
just have to we just have to pretend
that nothing happened you can't have a
conversation about that if you hate
white cops then it's not because you're
a racist
it's just because you hate white cops
this is this is insanity but this is a
delusional conversation we have and it's
all over the TV all over the TV
here's another TV host this is this one
I think is the form of Miss Alabama she
actually the other day called
the Dallas killer a martyr so she had to
come out yesterday and and acknowledge
that and apologize for it I I never said
that I I don't care about it I never
said you know anything negative about
the the office what you said they said
they said you don't I'm struggling with
my feelings well no no well you also
said I don't feel sad and you said that
you viewed him as a martyr so you've got
to be able to understand why people are
really angry at you no I do I stand the
word martyr is what the headline said
and what people have been holding on and
I understand that the use of that word
really triggered people of course you
know I was very emotional at the time
and I can't I could have chosen a
different word I mean that I definitely
don't agree with but you know we're all
human I'm not perfect and people say
things and you've got word all the time
so I keep explaining to people that the
word I wish I had chosen another word I
just have to take responsibility for the
word I used at that time and I take
responsibility for the use of that word
but the context in which I was thinking
about martyr was for the definition if
you look it up it says a person who dies
for his belief I keep telling people
Michael Johnson is not a hero he's not a
martyr to me I don't believe in a cause
that calls for the killing of
individuals so yeah in hindsight I look
back and I could have used a different
word but I definitely didn't use that
word to raise him up glorify what he did
any action of course you meant to
glorify and raise them up and this is
the problem okay again it's this
delusional sense that you're talking
about about a black guy who murders
white cops for no reason for no reason
they didn't do anything to him for no
reason and he's being called a martyr
and again this is common folks it's
common it's not a fringe thing this is
endemic in the roots of leftist ideology
here's another one in HLN guests
comparing the Dallas cops shooter to a
kid punching a bully all the kids
fighting back fighting back by murdering
innocent people I want to put this in
terms that the youngest person in your
audience can understand pretend like
this is
daycare or elementary school and there
is a bully that is kicking your butt
every single day that you go to class
and finally after you getting your butt
kicked so many times somebody rushes in
and knocks that bullwash spirit you're
actually with spirit you realize what
you just did right
you're now comparing this guy who
ambushed the police officers to someone
who rallied from a bully Urmi you're
gonna end up you're gonna end up like
Kayla and me I mean listen to what I'm
making very careful she has to say I
mean that's that's what she has to say
and this is this is becoming a common
view so and Obama sums it up right as I
mentioned at the very outset President
Obama had to Ray McKesson to the White
House for a McKesson is a race baiting
race rioting fan and Obama has him to
the White House to discuss race
relations
that's who Obama is and then afterward
he releases this ridiculous statement
not only are there very real problems
but they're still deep divisions about
how to solve these problems and there's
no doubt that police departments still
feel embattled and unjustly accused and
there is no doubt that my minority
communities communities of color still
feel like it just takes too long to do
what's right and and the pace of change
is going to feel too fast for some and
too slow for others and sadly because
this is a huge country that is very
diverse and we have a lot of police
departments I think it is fair to say
that we will see more tension and police
between police and communities this
month next month next year for quite
some time yes because of you yes because
of you think wheels because of you okay
look at the polling data look at the
polling data a huge percentage of
Americans thought we were moving in the
right person in the right direction on
race
black/white has bet we all thought when
he took office we were moving in the
right direction on race that is now down
below 30% that's because of him that's
because he's going out there and he's
exacerbating tensions suggesting that
the police are out to get black kids and
that the police won't recognize the
plight of black kids that's why that's
why because he's creating this false
perception and he does it not just by
saying the police needs to stop hassling
black kids so much when they see him on
the street you know they could be they
could be nicer in their interactions not
by saying that which is at least
arguable but by saying the police are
out there targeting and shooting black
kids you say that a group of people is
out there to target and shoot you are
you gonna be surprised when those people
are out in the streets rioting and
protesting I'm getting violent
is that really surprising I mean forget
about whether he's responsible for them
doing those things is it surprising that
that happens when you're ginning up
those sorts of emotions in people of
course not no Bill Maher says that he
was surprised nobody has shot a cop
sooner based on the amount of terrible
things that are happening Bill Maher
with Chris Malley or as they say wait
think Bill Maher you go ahead Keebler
dwarf come on go for it bill comes to
the police look there's never any excuse
for what happened for shooting a
policeman of course we all condemn that
there's no and ifs or buts I don't
condone it but I do understand it we
understand that guy well I understand
the motivation yes I mean how many
videos can you see how many years can go
by when this is going on when when black
people are brutally assaulted I mean the
last one guy was just right on the
ground and he gave us plug in them
I'm surprised somebody did not fire back
sooner okay I mean surprisingly did not
fire back sooner I was I missed it when
did these cops shoot at Micha Johnson I
missed that part
I missed the part where they were
shooting at him and then he fired back
where they were assaulting him and then
and then he fired back I missed that
part I missed the part where Alton
Stirling wasn't resisting arrest and
didn't have a gun in his pocket
illegally and probably reach for the gun
I missed that part but again this this
is the part where that the left over
steps its boundaries they're not making
a case that's real they're not making a
case that's honest and I do love the the
reason I laughed there is because I love
the statement from Bill Maher where he
says shooting cops is bad no ifs ands or
buts but and then he proceeds
he proceeds to give you why he
understands why people are shooting cops
I mean it really is amazing stuff okay
so that's the delusional side of this
debate and that's the debate that's
being had is with the delusional the
people who think that cops are out there
they get out there every morning looking
to kill black kids right that's the part
of the debate and Obama's pushing that
right Obama is not pushing the idea that
low-level use of force against black
people who are innocent is too prominent
that's not the case that he's making
right even that would be a controversial
case that's not the case he's making
he's making the case there's this
systemic racism that results in a
disproportionate number of black people
going to prison false and that number to
a disproportionate number of black
people are being shot by police false so
he's saying two false things instead of
one thing that may be quasi true here's
the thing that's quasi true okay Tim
Scott black senator from South Carolina
right and he gave a speech on the floor
of the Senate yesterday in which he
talked about his experience with racial
profiling with what he thinks is racial
profiling so here's the senator I want
to go to a time in my life when I was an
elected official and share just a couple
of stories as an elected official but
please remember that in the course of
one year I've been stopped seven times
by law enforcement officers now four not
five not six but seven times in one year
as an elected official was that speeding
sometimes sure but the vast majority of
the time I was pulled over for not
more than driving a new car in the wrong
neighborhood or some other reason just
as trivial okay
and then he explains what those reasons
are so there's a couple things to say
here number one you don't get to say say
I like Tim Scott but you don't get to
say you were pulled over seven times and
then say two of those were legit right
so you're really pulled over five if you
if you're pulled over twelve like I have
been pulled over in the course of one
year certainly five times right like
really it's what I mean for goodness
sake I've been I've gotten more traffic
tickets than anybody I know it's been
several years since I got traffic ticket
because the last one that I got was that
was cock one one 13 on the i-5 and they
caught me at 113 which was good because
I was going 128 at one point but in any
case that was the last time I sped
because I learned my lesson but the
point is that number one if he's gonna
say that he's being racially profiled he
acknowledges at least a couple of those
times the pullover was legit
Benny's he talks about situations in
which he was pulled over his black guy
driving a nice new car in a
predominantly white community and he was
pulled over
now what he doesn't say is whether he
was brutally assaulted in those
circumstances like they they pulled him
over okay let's say that the pullover
was they pulled him over for driving
while black number one the statistics
show forget anecdotal evidence the
statistics tend to show that
unfortunately black drivers speed more
than white drivers they did this
experiment in New Jersey and they found
that 25% of the people being pulled over
23% sorry were black 25% of all the
speeders in New Jersey were blacks was
actually slightly under whelming right
so they pulled them over he doesn't
explain what happened that was so
terrible he gives one example I think
Tim Scott of him coming to the Capitol
building and he has a senator pin on and
the guard says I want to see your ID and
he says well why so I recognize the pin
but I don't recognize you he says well
that's that's racist is that racist or
is because the guard legitimately
doesn't know him it's his first time at
the Senate like why that seems again if
you name the officer and you name what
he did wrong then we can actually fight
officer racism if you just name things
where you are perceiving racism where it
may or may not exist it makes it very
difficult to fight it now he could make
a different argument he could make the
argument that was being made by this
Harvard study which is I keep mentioning
this Harvard study because I'm not sure
I like statistics and I'm interested
in actual academic studies there's some
flaws with this Harvard study a lot of
criminologists say that it's got some
problems the part of the study that's
important to me the part that I care
about in this particular study from this
from this Harvard from this Harvard
professor it says this quote the New
York City stop and frisk data contains
officer recorded information on the
compliance of civilians during a stop
these variables include whether the
civilians refused to comply with officer
direction whether the civilian verbally
threatened an officer whether they were
evasive in their response to questioning
or whether they change direction at the
sight of an officer if they didn't do
any of these things then the study calls
them perfectly compliant and then they
say when we take perfectly compliance
individuals and we control for civilian
officer encounter and location variables
black civilians are 21 point 1 percent
more likely to have any force used
against them compared to white civilians
with the same reported compliance
behavior it's going a little deeper than
the headline so what would that seem
that that means is when the officer like
turns you around and puts his hands on
you he's more likely to do that with a
perfectly compliant black civilian than
he is with this similar perfectly
compliant white civilian now when you
escalate the force those percentages go
down instead of it being 21% more likely
that a black civilian is going to be
have the hands put on now it's 20% more
likely that you're gonna be shot if
you're white then if you're black so the
theory of the authors is that there's
this still the systemic discrimination
and that as the punishment increases for
systemic discrimination right like based
on shootings then people will
discriminate less this ignores a couple
of things one if you even I mean I know
police officers in New York and LA and I
called both of them yesterday and I said
okay so aren't you punished if you just
put your hands on an innocent suspect
like if you have no reason you put your
hands on them isn't that a problem like
weren't your department and they said
yes there's a full investigation
anytime somebody makes a complaint of
that sort so if you think something
racist tap a new number one make a
complaint number two it's also possible
that these are not the only variables as
far as compliance because there are lots
of things that make you non-compliant
right if you're not just talking back to
a normally threatening an officer what
if they what if they talk back to the
officer not just threaten but say fu to
the officer which is pretty common
people saying fu to the officer right
bottom line is if you get if you say
to an officer that are that are you know
that rubbed the officer the wrong way
it's more likely the officer is going to
grab you and push you or do something to
you we don't know that the the
information here isn't specific enough
for all of that I talked to Heather
McDonald the author of the war on cops
yesterday about this exact part of the
study and one of the things that we
talked about was how exact can you be
with this sort of data how exact can you
be and she said she's not she's not
aware that there is any sort of
exactitude with this sort of data but
let's assume that that's right let's
assume that the reason that this is
happening is because there's some sort
of racial and behavioral profiling going
on now we have to as a society make some
decisions are we willing to and these
are real questions that require real
answers and you don't get to just end
around it right are we willing it's sim
question we asked about racial and
ethnic profiling of people from the
Middle East with regard to terrorism are
you willing to sacrifice more lives and
have more people die and have more crime
committed because you don't want to be
involved in so-called profiling so last
night on CNN there was there was one of
these town hall event and a a former
Chicago Police Department officer who's
black got up and started talking it's
really interesting because he's black so
he says he's experienced it on one end
but he's also experienced it from the
other end and I think this is the kind
of conversation we need to be having
here's the cop as a law enforcement
officer I had to do some profiling to
protect the citizens that I swore that I
would do did you put your profile black
men I profiled all people and here's why
because it's an effective policing tool
but me having an appreciation and an
understanding having been on the
negative side of profiling I understand
the negative connotations that it can
bring but I also understood how
effective it can be to protect those
members of the community so it should be
used it should be a you think it's an
important part of policing and should be
used it absolutely but let me underscore
the real point here there's cultural
differences here there's community
cultural differences and their police
cultural differences and where we have a
real opportunity here Don is to bridge
that divide between the cultural
differences because when you take a
police officer out of police academy and
you give him some diversity immersion
and effective training about the put the
community that he is going to police and
he's gonna handle those citizens much
different okay so I think there's some
truth to it except I think when he talks
about the diversity training and all
that that's been ineffective in
Baltimore we have black cops police in
black communities and hasn't changed the
calculus the only way you really change
the calculus of excessive levels of
low-level force being used
disproportionately on black folks for
example the only way you change that
calculus is the same way that every
other ethnic community in the United
States has historically changed that
calculus and that is you lower the crime
rate when Italian Americans came to
Italians came to the United States and
became Italian Americans their crime was
really high and it was really high
because there was mafia involvement and
because the police didn't go into those
communities and they're really really
bad relations look historically terrible
relations between the cops and the
Italian population the same thing was
true of the Hispanic population the same
thing was true actually of the early
Eastern European Jewish population in
the United States was considered a crime
ridden salon and then what happened the
crime rates went down relations with the
cops get better there is no such thing
as a low crime community with bad
relations with the cops doesn't exist
doesn't exist and the fact is
unfortunately the only way that you're
going to make this problem disappear is
through one of two things either the
community itself has to handle
internally its crime problem or you're
gonna need more cops to handle the crime
problem those are the only two ways to
do this and the left has made the first
impossible they won't do it they won't
say to people you need to raise your
kids better you need to cooperate with
the cops you need to fight crime you
need to have a father for your kid when
the kid is growing up in the house we
can't do that right we saw yesterday
people saying that Whoopi Goldberg
saying it's racist for Rudy Giuliani to
say that it's worthwhile to have a
father in the home is it racist for that
black Dallas police chief to say the
same thing that's what you need to do in
order to call in order to quash the
crime problem and what's happening
because we can't discuss the first issue
which is the level of the culture that
creates crime in inner-city black
communities because we can't discuss
that we have to move to the second issue
which is what do we do with the police
to help fix this and then it turns out
we don't like what the police are doing
in order to fix this if you want solve
the first problem you end up with the
second problem Bill Maher
you know said something that I think is
worthwhile and worthy of exploration
last night same broadcast he says
without cops the country would look like
the purge here's what
had to say you know well what do you
think these are motives I think the
motives this difference in every case
but you're the guest tonight what do you
think causes all this to I see the
common nature white police officer kills
black person apparently without
justification what is that what else is
going on is it prejudice I interviewed a
policeman once on my old show and he
said when I worked in the black
neighborhood I hated all black people
when I worked in the Latino neighborhood
I hated all Latino people and when I
worked here in the San Fernando Valley I
hated the white people I mean when
you're and you do basically come up it
gets not the good people that's what
you're dealing with that's your job
you're you're a policeman you know you
deal with criminals so there is some of
that there was also something very wrong
with police culture now once again we're
not indicted all the police and
certainly without the police this
country would look like that movie the
purge yeah every night okay so a couple
of things there one he says there's
something wrong with police culture if
you go into what can only be just winter
dealing with criminals it's quote
unquote enemy territory with criminals
now with the rest rest of the community
but it's exactly like American soldiers
in Iraq trying to distinguish civilians
from criminals I mean it's exactly like
that you have armed men in an area where
they are charged with getting the bad
guys it doesn't mean that that inner
cities are Iraq they aren't the
proportions are not the same between
civilians and and terrorists obviously
or civilians and criminals but the
mentality is very similar and this is
why we tend to lump in in our own heads
police people and people who are members
of the military that requires a certain
amount of putting your humanity to the
side and cops do their best
they really do to not do that and it's a
very difficult job the same way it is
for the military we got to appreciate
that that's number one number two here's
the problem our judge says without the
cops the country would look like the
purge that's not true everywhere it's
actually not true everywhere right there
places in Texas where if there were no
cops the country still would not look
like the purge because people know their
neighbors because people all have guns
so if there were somebody who are doing
something bad they would shoot him right
yeah I know that if you left my Jewish
community to itself it's just the Jewish
community because it's the community I
know my religious community if you left
us to ourselves it would not look like
the purge right because there are common
ties that we share and that common tie
foods being wob biting and helping each
other out when you don't work on the
social fabric that's when you need the
cops and then you're upset because the
cops come in and the cops are not
perfect and the cops do bad things and
the cops can get overzealous and the
cops can be brutal two people one or the
other has to happen but we're not
talking about solutions in this
conversation instead which is blaming
cops for things they don't do suggesting
that all cops are racist and pretending
that's the real problem if you think
that's the real problem the solution is
to get rid of the cops but the problem
right now is that Bill Maher is right if
you do get rid of the cops in a lot of
these communities there is no social
fabric and so you will have mass
killings and that's exactly what's been
happening throughout the United States
in areas where the crime is rising as
the Ferguson effect it takes place okay
another shift topic briefly Hillary
Clinton as we mentioned before she's
absolutely sinking in the polls she's
having a really rough ride in the polls
and and Hillary Clinton is is having a
rough ride in the polls because she's a
terrible candidate she's legitimately
the worst candidate of my lifetime she
should be blowing Trump out she's not
which I think is a good thing but she's
you know she is a terrible terrible
candidate I'll give you an example so
yesterday Hillary Clinton was talking
about all the terrible things that
Donald Trump is going to do as president
all the horrible things he's going to do
as president and here's what she said
imagine if he had not just Twitter and
cable news to go after his critics and
opponents but also the IRS or for that
matter our entire military given what we
have seen and heard do any of us think
he'd be restrained and he has shown
contempt for and ignorance of our
Constitution okay so a couple of things
there Hillary one you say wouldn't it be
bad if the President of the United
States used the IRS to target his
political opponents hello you were there
by the way your own husband's IRS did
some of the same stuff but your boss did
that right like we here in this office
know that because they're a bunch of
people here who worked for the least
secret secret organization in America
Friends of Abe a 501 C 3 those trying to
get approved and failed
right and failed because of Lois Lerner
in the IRS so this is the problem for
Hillary every time she knocks Trump
Shen's of knocking herself she says he
doesn't care about the Constitution I
agree I don't think Trump cares about
the Constitution yesterday Donald Trump
came out and he was an amazing thing
Donald Trump was asked yesterday about
do you care if the Republicans lose the
Senate and his reply was yeah I would
like to retain the Senate but actually I
don't really mind that much because it
would be fun to be a free agent okay for
all you people who think Donald Trump
cares about the Supreme Court you'd be
stupid gang okay the fact is Donald
Trump doesn't care about the Supreme
Court if there's a Republican Senate
maybe he's pressured into making a
conservative Supreme Court pick but
that's the whole point he doesn't care
about that there's a Republican Senate
because he doesn't care about that issue
the only real issue in America that
requires the Supreme Court is that is
the SCOTUS pick is the Supreme Court
pick and you didn't care about it right
he'd like to be a free agent
which means he wants to cut deals with
Democrats which means he can kiss
goodbye to that fantasy wall you're all
building in your heads but in any case
Hillary says that she doesn't care about
the Constitution I agree she hates the
Constitution I mean she would she would
dip that Constitution in a sin and then
set it on fire and then set it on fire
again and then put it out and then dip
it in acid again and just continue doing
that over and over every attacks she
puts every attack that she drops on him
backfires on her I mean it's a third
grade election right no matter what you
say I'm rubber and you're glue
everything everything you say bounces
off me and sticks to you and and Trump
should basically just say that I mean
Hillary did the same thing she says the
Trump campaign is pitting Americans
against each other his campaign is as
divisive as any we have seen in our
lifetimes it is built on stoking
mistrust and pitting American against
American it's there and everything he
says and everything he promises to do as
president it's there and how he wants to
ban Muslims from coming to the United
States and toyed with creating a
database to track Muslims in America
it's there in the way he demeans women
in his promotion of an anti-semitic
image pushed by neo-nazis we can stop it
there in the months she's not saying
anything about Trump that isn't true but
she just went on TV two days ago and
said white Americans basically need to
apologize to black Americans her shop
advisor Sidney Blumenthal has a son who
says that Israel is a Nazi State Hillary
Clinton everything that she's saying
about disdain for women my god she
attacks rape victims this is why Hillary
is failing and no one trusts her and the
polls show that so so again this isn't
about Donald Trump getting stronger it's
about Hillary Clinton getting weaker and
you know she should continue to get
weaker I'm hoping that eventually by the
time of the election only 2% of the
American population votes and the other
98% of us have moved somewhere else you
know we've all moved to Texas basically
because in their seceding because that's
the only solution here because these two
candidates are the worst and Hillary is
horrible okay time for things I like
things I hate and then the mail bag
because time has no meaning here on the
venture pyro show so we'll start with
things I like to been doing surprise
endings in movies I don't think that
I've done this movie before but we've
done a hundred and fifty episodes if I
forgot then tough you'll see it again
this movie unbreakable M night Shyamalan
so M night Shyamalan starts off with a
Sixth Sense and everybody loves it and I
think it's okay it's not my it's not my
cup of tea and then he does a couple
more movies and I think they're actually
better than Sixth Sense but everybody
rips into them and so now he just makes
other garbage he just makes like the
worst movies that you've ever seen bar
none this was a good movie that has a
real cult following he didn't do well
when it came out but it's become kind of
a cult hit now the movie unbreakable so
here is the the basis of the movie is
this guy Bruce Willis who is in a
disaster and he survives and the
question is why he survives the disaster
and everybody else died
hey you're in the emergency room in the
Philadelphia City Hospital I'm ask you
some questions where are you sitting on
the train
against the window in the passenger car
yes
you're certain you were in the passenger
car yeah where are the other passengers
your train derailed took a curb too fast
a second train collided with yours after
two rail
the debris spread over one mile
why are you looking at me like that
there are two reasons why I'm looking at
you like this one because it seems you
aren't the only survivor of this train
wreck
and to
you don't have a scratch on you so it's
a really it's an interesting coming
through tomorrow that's not said then
ten mill Jack this is actually one of
Samuel Jackson's decent performances
he's basically become a parody of
himself - shouting snakes on a plane
over and over but in this movie he's
actually good and it's a really
interesting film with a really
interesting ending so I I debated
actually which one of Sean's films to
put up here and 6/10 was even part of
the equation I also like the villages
which at the village which is actually a
really underrated film there's part of
it that's dumb with Adrien Brody but the
rest of the movie is actually really
good and really interesting and raises
questions but its but unbreakable is a
good movie it's a little slow but it
builds suspense and it's got this kind
of cult following people actually talk
about them doing a sequel but it never
really happened ok things that I hate so
as I mentioned early on ESPN has the
ESPY Awards I think the ESPY Awards are
just dumb like I don't know why we're
having awards by athletes to other
athletes why do I care I don't but
yesterday I'm working out and they're
doing the run-up to the ESPYs and I said
to my trainer I said look I know I know
this is gonna be all black lives matter
all the time because ESPN is trying to
draw a black audience and so the way
they think they're gonna do that is by
politically pandering naturally that's
exactly what happened so it started off
at the beginning of the ESPYs with I
think it's Dwayne Wade and Chris Paul
and LeBron James and remember the fourth
guy is and they're all standing there
talking about black lives matter to open
the ESPYs remember this is a Sports
Awards Show and they opened up by saying
the police are evil basically tonight is
a celebration of sports celebrating our
accomplishments and our victories but in
this moment of celebration we actually
start the show tonight this way the four
of us talking to our fellow athletes
with the country watching because we
cannot ignore the realities of the
current state of America the events of
the past week I put a spotlight on
injustice distrust and anger that
plagues so many of us the system is
broken the problems are not new the
violence and the racial divide
definitely is not new but the urgency to
great change is at an all-time high
we stand here tonight accepting our role
in uniting communities to be the change
we D to see we stand before you as
fathers sons husbands brothers uncles
and in my case as an african-american
man and the nephew of a police officer
it was one of the hundreds of thousands
of great officers serving this country
but Trayvon Martin Michael Brown Tamir
rice Eric Gardner laQuan McDonald Austin
sterling volando Castillo this is also
our reality generations ago legends like
Jeff vo goes on like this this is number
one it's a sports show I didn't tune in
for this but people say well can't they
have their opinions sure they can have
their opinions and I can have mine and I
think this is idiotic if I want to watch
sports I want to watch sports if I want
to watch a movie I want to watch a movie
I don't want to turn on ESPN and be
watching MSNBC with footballs yeah it's
just my opinion I'm allowed to have it
they're allowed to say what they want I
don't have to like it
number two what he's saying is bull okay
when he when he lists off those names
there's only one name there that we know
for sure was a bad shoot and that's
laQuan McDonald right every other name
there every other name there is the very
least controversial ok trayvon martin
punched george zimmerman in the face and
then pounded his head on the pavement
and was found innocent by a juries
george zimmerman he's acquitted by a
jury and the the Eric Holder Department
of Justice couldn't find evidence that
it was a racist killing they couldn't
bring a federal hate crime investigation
or any federal investigation in in the
case of in the case of Eric garner in
New York he didn't die because they
choked him out he died because they put
him in a submission hold right a
submission hold is not a choke hold they
are two different things
one crushes your windpipe one cuts off
the blood to your brain and it's
supposed to restore afterward he was a
very overweight man and he died in the
ambulance after not complying with
police and when you talk about Michael
Brown obviously those good shoot when
you talking about Elton sterling Alton
sterling is very possibly a good shoot
and for auto Casteel don't even know
anything about yet but doesn't matter
they go on national TV and they start
promoting this propaganda and then if
that weren't enough if that weren't
enough Obama has to make an appearance
at the ESPYs because he has to be
everywhere Obama
javion gave His life to save someone
else's what's our excuse for not acting
we have to ask ourselves is this the
world we want our kids to grow there
are we just gonna accept these tragedies
as the price for our freedom and move on
it's up to all of us to build a country
that's worthy of Zeon's props that's
what we owe him that's what we owe all
of our kids okay and so he starts
pushing for gun control again again he's
pushing for gun control on a sports
program all I want to do is watch the
sports that's not too much to ask is it
I don't understand like I and then pee
and I don't want to hear though well
everyone has a social responsibility to
speak out okay do it on your own time do
it on your own time but I was under the
impression that ESPN was supposed to be
a non-political sports channel that was
my impression if I wanted to watch
politics I'd move over to Fox News or
MSNBC or CNN I do politics for a living
can we have any area of American life
that's left free from politics for just
a second or does everything have to be
and and the truth is that all of this is
about the media celebrating themselves
look how courageous we are for taking
our sports stars and putting them a
career risk it's not a career risk for
these guys to do that come on these guys
are not risking anything to say this
kind of stuff it makes them popular and
the media are cheering for them it's not
controversial and it's not and it's not
a career risk if nobody is going to
punish you if you say it right that
instead you get plaudits for being a
real stand-up person for for doing the
sort of routine joe biden by the way
came by the ESPYs like here's the Vice
President of the United States Joe Biden
showing up at the ESPYs to everyone
shows a cure
thank you so much
like Jimmy V my son whoa
never let cancer touch his heart or his
soul to the end my boat worried about
his family
more than himself he's giving an award
to Craig Sager / / cancer lots of people
in the United States that cancer lots of
them lots of athletes have had cancer
what the hell is Joe Biden doing there
oh this is propaganda for the
obama-biden administration that's all
this is
it's an in-kind donations the
obama-biden administration but you know
this is how it goes now this is how
control the media are by by the by the
left it's really disappointing and
disheartening by the way there was a guy
who's saying all lives matter and he
added it to the Canadian national anthem
right nobody gave him plaudits he ended
up being fired so only one type of
politics inserted in sports is okay okay
time for a few entries from the mailbag
because hey again time has no meaning
John writes dear Ben my greatest fear is
that the intolerance and thuggery of the
left and their agenda will do far
greater harm than just increasing our
social divides and stymieing our
economic growth
they aren't emissions pervert the
Constitution and undermine the structure
of the Union looking across the globe do
you think America is headed toward
revolutionary fire and which will what
will fuel the fire or will be a
simultaneous push from both forces that
sever our union so I think the two
forces he's talking about are the
intolerance and thuggery of the left and
then the other is the apparent I guess
the the mission to pervert the
Constitution mean both both I mean that
it's it's all part of the same agenda
the bottom line is that what they're
looking to do is destroy the state of
the country so they can build a new
country and just and that means
destroying the foundations of the
country Daniel writes Ben you just like
pokemons go you also hate puppies and
kittens I'm genuinely interested regards
Daniel okay so I don't hate Pokemon go I
don't care that much about Pokemon go I
just think the people who are making a
big deal out of Pokemon going our adults
need to actually do something more with
their lives do I hate puppies and
kittens I do not hate puppies and
kittens unless they pee on me scratch me
or bother me in any way but I don't have
puppies and kittens I have children what
I do hate is a society that values
puppies and kittens more than children
which
actually what's happening now I mean you
actually see people who are pro-abortion
but also Pro puppies and kittens
it's like anti baby Pro puppies and
kittens there's something wrong with you
on a moral level now I don't hate
puppies and kittens I like dogs better
than I like cats I don't own animals I'm
not an animal person it's just not my
it's not my thing maybe at some point
I'll be forced to get a dog for
political reasons you know that Nathan
rights mazelTov on the baby what do you
think is the true end game of the black
lives matter and civil rights movements
not to compare the two is the objective
to desensitize the nation in terms of
race or is there intent to keep racial
identity but simply be treated equally
or is there even an end game well the
end game is not to be treated equally
the end game is the morality doesn't
apply to you based on race which is why
BLM is racist right the whole idea and
explain this the other day the whole
idea behind black lives matter is that
they are taking America segmenting it
off creating conflicts then saying that
that conflict is inherent to the DNA of
the system as President Obama says so we
have to tear down the entire system its
inherent in our property based
capitalist selfish society and if we
weren't so property based in
capitalistic and selfish then we would
just embrace a socialist identity under
Bernie Sanders see the BLM people in
Bernie Sanders have the same goals they
do the only difference is that Bernie
Sanders thinks that that's a transracial
goal and the BLM people think that
that's a black goal there's a reason BLM
does not include right-wing people even
though you would think I mean if you're
anti police presumably there's a
libertarian contingent but there really
isn't
Bret writes if Hillary Clinton from
flaming kittens into a pagan altars an
animal sacrifice on live TV would she
still get votes yes yes she would
because she openly celebrates an
organization that murders 1 million
babies a year so yeah yeah it turns out
there are 300 thousand babies years a
million babies that die every year in
the United States and she loves each and
every one of them I mean forget about
flaming kittens I mean this is sacrifice
on the altar of Moloch so I'm not you
know and none of that shocks me Chris
writes love your show ma'am when you're
explaining data and statistics to people
what do you say after they criticize
every source and study that you cite as
a biased source even if it's a totally
legitimate source well I mean if it's a
legit source if I'm citing Bureau of
Labor Statistics for example or if I'm
citing DOJ and FBI statistics and they
say it's biased the conversations over
because if you can't even agree on the
sources for the facts or what is a fact
there's no conversation we had what I
hate about the left is they think their
opinions are
but facts are opinions they think that
you that if they have an opinion like
America's systemically racist that's a
fact but if I say here's all the reasons
why that's not true including profiling
information percentage of crime what
percentage of people resist police
percentage of murders right they say oh
that's racist no that's not an opinion
that's a fact a fact can't be racist the
fact is just a fact your opinion can be
racist
and we saw that a lot today Android's
hey Ben I'm 18 I don't remember much
about the Bush administration I know the
reasons Libs hated Bush but what did
true conservatives not like about his
two terms in office blowing out the
spending mishandling in the beginning of
the war in Iraq before fixing it with
the surge not really having a clear
strategy in Afghanistan the the idea of
democratization of regions that have had
no history of democracy and in a a non
interest in constitutional issues
including free speech which is why he
signed into law campaign finance reform
those would be the big issues with
george w bush keith writes hi Ben I
found out recently my sister is pregnant
although they live in a nice house I
guess his sister and her boyfriend
they have good stable jobs they're not
married my sister's been wanting to get
married for a few years but now her
boyfriend seems reluctant mainly due to
financial technicalities because he owns
his own business that's bullcrap that's
absolute bull crap the reason he's
reluctant to get married is because he
doesn't want to get married
okay marriage is not a decision that you
make because you're financially stable
the fact is the marriage is a decision
you make because you have a moral
compulsion to make it because there's
something inside you that says I have to
get married now this is why you know old
Harvard Law story I was there and I was
that they had this this meaning of life
done well the meaning of life dinner
with the UC at the at the Harvard Hillel
there's all these people sitting around
being idiots and in eating Chinese food
and and they had kosher food so I went
so they did this routine at the very end
of the night where you were supposed to
go around and read whatever was in your
fortune cookie when they got to me I
said no one buys the cow if they can get
the milk for free which of course was
not written in my fortune cookie I just
felt like saying it it's true okay this
is why ladies ladies just a piece of
advice for you you can do what you want
you can have sex do that's that's your
business on a moral level I think what
you're doing is foolish on a practical
level I think it's double foolish on a
practical level if you're having sex
with a guy before marriage
this is going to entice him to marry you
it ain't okay just a little hint innate
and I'm speaking as someone who remained
a virgin until marriage and my wife
remained a virgin until marriage so I
speak from the experience of having done
that we've now been happily married for
eight years so and we got married we
were young right I was 24 she was 20
okay see anyway he says could you
comment and why you think young men are
increasingly wary of getting married
also is there any advice I could give
her well I mean now that she's now that
she's pregnant it's a really difficult
situation I mean before she was pregnant
I would have said she puts an ultimatum
to him we get married or I'm out I mean
that's the that's what I would have said
before now that she's pregnant it's very
difficult because kids need a father so
you know I don't know what leverage she
can exert over him I mean he obviously
doesn't care enough about about the fact
that she's pregnant to marry her which
would be the honorable thing he sounds
sounds like not a particularly good guy
as far as why men are wary of getting
married because what what benefit is
there to getting married like what's the
actual benefit to getting married one
you're not if you're not religious and
you don't believe in the morality of
getting married
what benefit is there it used to be the
benefit was this is why virginity until
marriage mattered in the secular
community forget the religious community
it mattered in the secular community
because you weren't gonna have sex
unless you got married right now you can
get sex anywhere you want so what's the
point of getting married because the
truth is that men are looking mainly you
evolutionarily speaking for sex marriage
is a great deal for women but wasn't
necessarily that great a deal for men
over the course of their lifetimes I
mean you're married to one woman you
can't have sex with lots of women and
women get older you get older I mean so
it's this is the problem with the
society that doesn't value religious
religious morality a value that doesn't
really value women I mean really doesn't
value women because if you value a woman
you marry her right if you're in love
with her you know you treat her like a
decent human being you're treated with
the respect to marry her you don't treat
her like a piece of garbage and and look
if women consent to being part of that
then that that means that that's a
woman's choice that doesn't mean that
the man isn't doing the wrong thing hey
Justin says most people enjoy some form
of entertainment they acknowledge is
stupid or silly your wife likes the
Bachelorette Milo likes Digimon well
Maya also likes white supremacist
literature do you have any do you have
any guilty pleasures
let me think about that one so I mean
I've mentioned I mean every day I come
here and I mentioned all the
and stuff that I watch I'm trying to
think something that's really dumb that
I like um for a while it was the movie
Tommy Boy I thought that movie was
hysterically funny I thought it's a
really funny movie and I showed it to my
father one time and he looked at me like
I was an insane person so that's
probably number one on the list I also
have a bizarre fixation whenever my wife
is watching these kind of cooking shows
like chopped or Hell's Kitchen or
something that I find them fascinating
which makes no sense I don't even
understand why I like those shows given
I can't like the food's pretty but I
can't taste it and they're making like
pigs feet and I can't eat that crap and
I go wow there's an amazing thing look
at the talent I don't know maybe you
like garbage but it's okay so final
final question
Gabriel writes dear Ben I have a
question regarding your views on
abortion I have fully agree with you the
toying with the definition of a human
life at will is fundamentally evil my
question is whether you think that in
the case of a rape of a small girl
ending the life of the fetus is still
categorically immoral if heaven forbid
you had a daughter who's raped and
conceived at 12 or 13 what would you do
I understand your argument human rights
are absolute and should never be
violated in this instance however could
the existence of the child be considered
to be causing such great emotional
trauma for the girl so as to be
considered an externality from which the
girl has the right to be defended okay
so as I've said my view on abortion is
pretty simple it's when the mother's
life is in danger abortion is
appropriate so one of the aspects of
mother's life being in danger is if you
have a 12 year old 13 year old girl and
she's literally going to kill herself
because she's now carrying a rapists
child and I can certainly see that
happening that wouldn't be a referendum
on her mental health or stability and so
any woman would be in that position if
she were raped and now she's carrying a
child you know that's it's unthinkable
it's unthinkable which is why we should
find racist and we should kill them
that's why we should find races rapist
and we should castrate down not put them
in prison like leftist law and then let
them out after three years out of mercy
to the criminal but the answer is that
that's my standard that's my standard so
because then it because it really again
comes down to the value of life and you
can't value one life the baby's over the
life of the mother right you can't value
those two things differently they're
valued the same right to human beings
are worth the same amount no matter you
know what age doesn't matter whether
you're talking about a baby in utero or
whether you're talking about the woman
carrying that baby so that's my answer
to that particular question sorry one
more okay
Ben would you rather debate Hillary or
Obama um I would be happy to debate
either one of them I don't think that it
would be a particularly hard thing to
debate either one of them actually I
think that Obama has is a bit smoother
on his feet and Bernie Sanders was
beating Hillary and debate Obama beat
Hillary in debates so you know I it
would be easier probably to defeat
Hillary than Obama but that's why I
would probably pick Obama to debate
because I think it'd be fun to actually
ask him about some of the horrible and
terrible things that he's done
okay so we've reached the end of the
week over the weekend if you could not
ruin things I know it's the clayvin last
weekend and this is when things tend to
get ruined and if you don't listen to
Clavin shows you go listen to it it's
great but please don't ruin things in my
absence it might not be Mike Pence
apparently this is the breaking news
that Donald Trump may be changing his
mind shocker
all right so we'll find out if that's
true or not and we'll be back on Monday
to comment on it plus the convention
begins on Monday so so much to talk
about always and ever great and so we'll
see you have a great have a great
weekend and we'll see you back here
money and if you don't come back then
we'll come to your house I mean that's
basically the way this works I mean now
that we have your subscription
information be there be square I
mentioned peril this is the Ben Shapiro
show
