so good news the left has hit on a hot
new solution to suppose it's systemic
racist brutality from American Police
Department's disband the police this
interesting notion has picked up steam
in recent weeks leftist continued to
label cops systemically racist so
jessica de su a black activist told Fox
News's megyn kelly the other night quote
we need to abolish the police period
when asked by megyn kelly who would then
protect black people she answered quote
we need to come up with community
solutions the problem in high-crime
communities has been historically the
lack of police and the community
solution that usually rises in the wake
of such a dearth of police is gangs
murdering each other if people can't
rely on the cops to keep the peace they
join a gang to ensure the threat of
revenge if they're harmed Joe levy of
the LA Times has written in her book
ghetto side quote african-americans have
suffered from just such a lack of
criminal effective criminal justice and
this more than anything is the reason
for the nation's long-standing plague of
black homicides lack of police left and
left ample room for vigilantism if the
cops will protect you you find somebody
who will one of the most horrific costs
of Jim Crow was the unwillingness of
white police departments to police black
on black murder nonetheless the hot new
solution according to the left is to
disband the only people who can ensure
the state's monopoly on violence means
something thus we find idiot actors like
Mark Ruffalo tweeting quote to fund bad
cops and police departments tell Obama
we need an executive order hashtag
defund police what's the real agenda
here well it's twofold first if you
believe that the cops are as Professor
Molina Abdullah has said an occupying
force the only solution is to end the
occupation second there's a deeper goal
of removing the rule of law from the
system because the system itself is
supposedly corrupt if the police are the
enforcement arm for America and if
America's racist the only way to fight
American racism is to disband the
enforcement arm
what will spring up in its wake
community solutions yeah a new society
flourishing in the absence of America's
historic ills only one problem will
actually flourish in the absence of the
Americanism and law enforcement arm is
chaos and murder
there's a reason Rudy Giuliani the guy
that the black lives matter folks now
hate more than anybody else he's
responsible for saving thousands of
black lives during his tenure America
isn't racist it's law enforcement isn't
the enforcer for a racist system remove
the cops you get an
tikkun crime that harms the communities
lacking the cops minority communities
but if the left wants to build a brand
new world I guess a few thousand black
lives are apparently worth the cost I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
tends to demonize people don't care
about your feelings okay so we have a
ton to get to today and of course
welcome to Facebook live where we are
operative where our show is currently
streaming where all the wonders of the
earth are available to you if you just
go there right now and then later if you
give us eight bucks a month and we pry
it from your fingers then you'll
actually be able to watch the entire
show you stingy bastards so in any case
make sure that you go there right now in
fact I'm gonna tweet it out right now I
shoulda done this earlier but you know
what too late it's up okay fine okay so
lots to get to today we'll start off
with President Obama in Dallas it turns
out the President of the United States
is not just the world's crappiest
president he's also one of the world's
crappiest humans so five cops get
murdered in Dallas by an anti white
racist who says he's there to kill cops
and President Obama pretends for days I
don't know why this why will this happen
what are we even how how do I know it
could've been anything who knows maybe
he had bath soaps right then and now he
goes to the funeral and the families are
in the crowd right the family members
are in the crowd and he starts off in
the first 10 minutes the speech or so is
you know pedestrian nice we're all
together we like cops yay
and then President Obama cannot help
himself in any way he's incapable he's
incapable of helping himself he's a
narcissist and he's a racist and because
he's a narcissist racist he feels the
need to start running off the mouth
about how cops are the real racists in
American society now remember dead cops
shot by racist but the real problem is
the cops
the real problem is Americans rate
America's racist society and this is um
pretty egregious stuff here's President
Obama he did a bunch of things in the
speech they're really bad and one of the
things he did and you'll see it in a
second is he equated the murder of the
cops with them with the killing of
falando Casteel in Minnesota and Alton
sterling in Louisiana okay we still
don't know any of the circumstances
surrounding either of those killings we
still don't know the one in Louisiana
may have been a good shoot the one in
Minnesota we have no idea whether it was
a good shoot or not we just
no there's no information we certainly
know what happened in Dallas right we
know that an anti white racist decided
to murder white cops we certainly know
that's what happened but listen to him
equate the two I see people who mourn
for the five officers we lost but also
weep for the families of Alton sterling
and falando Castile in this audience I
see what's possible okay and then the
the cops behind them you can see are not
cheering right they're not clapping and
the reason they're not clapping is
because to equate those two things to
suggests that the police are targeting
people like falando could steal the same
way that this guy this this piece of
garbage targeted police officers is
evidence free it's gross it's despicable
but that's what President Obama does and
then he continues along those lines
remember this is at a Funeral memorial
for cops who were shot by a racist
remember that the families are in the
audience watching this if they just pan
to this camera over a little bit you
would see the five empty seats with
flags on them for the cops who were
murdered and here's President Obama at
that memorial service cuz he just can't
help himself because he's not a good
person here's President Obama saying
that police departments are still rife
with the legacies of slavery we also
know that centuries of racial
discrimination of slavery and
subjugation and Jim Crow they didn't
simply vanish with the end of lawful
segregation they didn't just stop when
dr. King made a speech the Voting Rights
Act and the Civil Rights Act were signed
race relations have improved
dramatically in my lifetime
those who deny it are dishonouring the
struggle that helped us achieve that
progress but we know
what but America we know that bias
remains we know it
whether you are black or white or
Hispanic or Asian or Native American or
of Middle Eastern descent we have all
seen this bigotry in our own lives at
some point we heard it at times in our
own homes if we're honest perhaps we've
heard prejudice in our own heads and
felt it in our own hearts he's like sure
this is okay we can stop there he's
literally that he's lecturing the cops
about systemic racial bias in police
departments and a funeral memorial for
five cops were shot by a racist okay I
don't hear him talking about racism in
the black community I don't hear me talk
about anti-white racism in the black
communities I mentioned yesterday by
polling data by polling data a plurality
of blacks think that more blacks think
that most blacks are racist then think
that most whites are racist in the black
community he never talks about that
right he talks instead about systemic
bias in police departments across the
country on the same day but as we
mentioned yesterday that there's this
new study that from Harvard that says
that black people are shot less
frequently by officers than white people
I'm still trying to peg down the rest of
the data in this study the study itself
is pretty massive I've been going
through the data I'm actually emailing
with the professor's research assistants
on this particular study cuz there's
only one table in the study that really
matters it's a long study but the only
thing that really matters is there's
there's one statistic that says that
well that's first of all all the
statistics you've heard from that study
about how the police use force more
often on black people and Hispanic
people the vast majority of those
statistics do not take into account
level of compliance with the cops so in
other words they say more black people
than white people are our victims of
force by the cops but if you don't take
into account who's resisting the cops
then that means nothing there's one
statistic where they say that it's more
likely that black people are going to
have low levels of force not high levels
of force low levels of force used on
them even in cases of full compliance
I'm trying to nail down what's the
source for that statistic because
they're not being perfectly clear about
what that means as soon as I get you
that information I
happy to bring that to you we can
discuss what the ramifications are of
that does that mean there's systemic
bias and all the rest but first I want
to nail that down because they're basing
it on New York stop-and-frisk statistics
that are it's not clear where they're
getting their full information or if
they're reading too much into it so I'll
get you that information but he doesn't
matter he's standing at her funeral for
cops of whom there is no racist activity
imputed and he's saying America we know
there's bias we know there's bias across
we know it because I say it it's a total
it's tautology you've experienced it
I've experienced it we've all
experienced it these terrible white
people really really it's this is
egregious stuff then he goes on he reels
off a bunch of meaningless statistics to
incite the police and I'll go through
the stats that he's mentioning because
he's so full of it so if you're black
you're more likely to be pulled over or
searched or arrested more likely to get
longer sentences more likely to get the
death penalty for the same crime okay so
he says a few things there and all of
them are basically wrong so he says
let's see
you're more likely to be pulled over or
searched for arrested you're more likely
you're more likely to be pulled over
because you're more likely to be
speeding you're more likely to be
arrested because you're more likely to
be committing a crime you're more likely
to be searched because you're more
likely to be committing a crime not in
an individual level obviously as we
mentioned yesterday just because you're
black doesn't mean you're a criminal
but the black population is responsible
for a higher percentage of crime than
would be suggested by the proportion of
the population he says you're more
likely to get longer sentences this
statistic only works if you fail to
recognize that black people coming into
court and who get longer sentences are
getting longer sentences because they
have a prior criminal history that's the
only way that stat works and he says
you're more likely to get the death
penalty for the same crime actually
murder is significantly under prosecuted
in the black community significantly
under prosecuted in the black community
not over prosecuted in the black
community and when they give the death
penalty by the way the death penalty is
almost entirely based on other
circumstances other than just the murder
this is why there aren't thousands and
thousands of people on death row around
the United States because in order
actually get the death penalty there has
to be something particularly egregious
that you did connected with the murder
which naturally means that it's not the
same circumstance it's something
different it's something different
so Obama reels off all those statistics
remember all of this is
I can't emphasize this enough all of
this is at a Funeral memorial for cops
who were murdered by people who hate
cops and hate white people and he's
getting up there going cops are terrible
and white people are responsible for
systemic racism in the United States at
that event just disgusting and then he
continues and he starts defending the
black lives matter agenda when all this
takes place more than fifty years after
the passage of the Civil Rights Act we
cannot simply turn away and dismiss
those in peaceful protest as
troublemakers or paranoid
you can't simply dismiss it as a symptom
of political correctness or reverse
racism to have your experience denied
like that dismissed by those in
authority dismiss perhaps even by your
white friends and co-workers and fellow
church members again and again and again
it hurts surely we can see that all of
us it hurts it hurts it hurts you know
it hurts going to somebody's funeral and
crapping all over their department that
hurts okay when he says that we can't
just we have to take seriously all
experiences I love when he says things
like this he says we can't simply
dismiss it as a symptom of political
correctness or reverse racism to have
your experience tonight like that
dismissed by those in authority
dismissed by our white friends it hurts
surely we can see that okay I seem to
remember a time when the President of
the United States said that those of us
who were protesting larger government in
the Tea Party were a bunch of terrorists
did he dismiss our concern yeah did he
suggest that we were paranoid yeah I'm
old enough to remember when the
presidents of the United States
suggested that anybody who said that if
you like your doctor you can't keep your
doctor you can keep your doctor that
anybody who said that was a lie I
remember him saying you're paranoid if
you said that but just like he says that
we're paranoid if we say they were
coming after our guns we're paranoid but
it's not paranoia there's nothing wrong
with just imputing to law enforcement
across the country a broad bias because
you had a run-in with a cop and can't
show the evidence of the run-in with the
cop and you don't know that the run-in
with the cop wouldn't happen the same
way if you were white I mean this is
really gross stuff but he didn't stop
there you didn't stop that romantic end
this is at a funeral Memorial this is so
maddening to watch when the president's
it is it makes you sick to your stomach
when the President of the United States
the man is the leader of the free world
is this bad of a human being it really
does make you sick in the pit of your
stomach but President Obama didn't stop
there following the rahm emanuel
directive never let a good crisis go to
waste he uses this funeral now to push
for it to push for more government
spending because this is what he does
here we go
as a society we choose to under invest
in decent schools
we allow poverty to fester so that
entire neighborhoods offer no prospect
for gainful employment okay so he says
that we have to spend more money on all
sorts of things he's trying to mirror
what the police chief in Dallas said the
other day where he said that we haven't
invested in in mental health for example
and you noticed Obama doesn't mirror
exactly what the police chief said the
police chief actually said you're
telling us that it's our job to fill the
gap left by 70% single motherhood in the
black community you notice how I doesn't
say that one reminds no II know nothing
about that he says we under invest in
decent schools as though if we just
tossed more money at the public schools
this would be fixed and he says we allow
poverty to fester you know it allows
poverty to fester you ripping on the
cops so they can't provide law and order
so no one is willing to invest in an
area that's what causes poverty to
fester and then Obama drops another
whopper he talks about gun control we
flood communities with so many guns that
it is easier for a teenager to buy a
Glock then get his hands on a computer
or even a book okay so it's easier to
buy a Glock get your hands on a Glock in
the United States than a book or a
computer you have to have been dropped
on your head as a baby to believe this
you have to have serious mental
deficiencies if you believe this kind of
crap okay there's such not in people
clapping for this like how stupid are
you guy to get a gun license in order to
buy a gun in the state of California I
did go through a federal background
check in order to purchase my handgun
hey i buy books all the time his crappy
book is available on Amazon for one cent
with no background check okay so this is
the idea that literally one cent for it
wouldn't dreams for my father a
paperback no background check the idea
that is easier to buy guns anywhere in
the United States than a book or a
computer is maybe the stupidest thing
any president has ever said it's ridicu
doing it again at a funeral at a Funeral
Memorial for cops and if you know here's
but here's the thing there's one comment
that he made and this one is basically
gone unrecognized and I think this is
the key to everything about the
Democrats I said this yesterday without
even haven't seen the speech just
showing once again that I'm always right
but President Obama drops this amazing
line it's amazing it's not about finding
policies that work
it's about forging consensus and
fighting cynicism and finding the will
to make change Iowa had great tweet on
this he says there's no there's nothing
more cynical in American life then
cynically saying that everyone else is
cynical which is his routine here but
notice the notice week says he says it's
not about finding policies that work
it's not
he doesn't care whether the policies
work it's about forging consensus and
fighting cynicism and finding the will
to make change it's all about fee
healings it's all about it's getting in
a room and then the chief psychiatrist
the commander in psychiatry in chief
he's going to heal our wounds like the
god-king that he is the Great God being
who can save all of us
he's gonna get us in a room we're gonna
forge a consensus we're gonna spill out
our feelings on the table I said
yesterday remember I said this about my
wife that we have a deal which is you
have to tell me before the conversation
do you want to just fill out your
feelings you want me to solve the
problem the job of the president is help
solve the problem he thinks the job of
the president and the Democrats say the
job of their of their politics is to
find meaning and feelings and justify
your feelings that's not what politics
is for if that's what you think politics
is for no problem will ever be solved
particularly in this area we'll talk
more about that plus we got to get to
Trump who's now doing better in the
polls and what that means go to Daly
wired.com to become a subscriber come on
guys 8 bucks a month it ain't gonna kill
you I mean for goodness sake
it's easier to get daily wire calm than
it is to get a gun to get a Glock or a
book you go to daily wire calm right now
or you can download the rest of the
podcast for audio on iTunes and
SoundCloud just like the tens of
thousands of others who do because we
are in fact the number one podcast
conservative podcast in America and you
can be part of that every single day so
subscribe okay so continuing along these
lines when they say what's amazing about
this this particular this particular
line of thought that feelings matter
more than solutions solutions don't
matter the only thing that matters is
feelings right when you say that and if
your feelings are not based in reality
and the feelings become an obstacle to
the solution so you've had an argument
your spouse right and your spouse says
you're always doing
something you're always mean about this
and you say well you know I'm not you
know sometimes I I'm a jerk granted but
I'm not always mean about that but
that's how I feel okay now we can't get
to a solution because you're arguing
about the status of basic facts like if
how you feel about the fact is more
important than the fact itself we have
no common ground I can't make you feel
differently if you say I feel the police
have been racist to me in my community I
can say okay show me the evidence of a
police activity that's racist we can
condemn it together and then the police
person can be punished right that's how
I would solve that particular problem
right or if you were gonna say there are
too many run-ins between cops and and
and black people I would say okay well
let's have some more cops and let's have
a in a feeling of law and order and make
sure that we we enforce all of the rules
on cops obviously but there's a greater
comfort level between the cops in the
community because they know they're not
the only line of defense between
themselves and civilization that would
be a solution right but if I say to you
if you say to me the cops are racist and
criminal and they're terrible and
they're horrible and I feel that that's
been my experience and I say well I need
some evidence of that so we can do
something about it and you say no no but
you're in validating my feelings you're
in validating my feelings well then we
can't get to a solution can wait because
everything that I say from then on
invalidates your feelings if I say we
need more cops see no no no my feeling
is the cops are bad if I say well but
but we need evidence of the cop being
bag you know you're invalidating my
experience what you don't believe me
it's the same thing that the left does
with regard to some of these these
high-profile rape cases like University
of Virginia
somebody alleges rape and we say that's
terrible that's how horrible thing is
there any corroboration or evidence and
they go off you must not take rape
seriously you say well no I take great
very serious that's all about the person
who did it to go to jail like that's
that would be good but you know but
you're you're you're you're making my
experience my experience secondary I
have to because your experience can't be
my experience and it can't be the
experience of anyone else it's your
experience we need to get beyond your
experience we need to get to what
actually solves the problem to Obama
doesn't want to solve the problem you
see because if you stand there's a
politician and say you feel somebody's
pain as Bill Clinton used to do if you
say I feel your pain much
or much more beneficial political angle
I feel your pain then here's a solution
that's going to hurt right a lot easier
to say I feel your pain than here's a
solution that's that's going to hurt the
speech was just egregious all the way
through a Obama finished basically by
saying you know White's keep dismissing
protesters as political correctness or
reverse racism it's just when study
after study shows that whites and people
of color experienced the criminal
justice system differently so if you're
black you're more likely to be pulled
over or searched or arrested more likely
to get longer sentences more likely to
get the death penalty this sort of
routine from President Obama again it
just underscores the fact that you will
never let a crisis go to waste our
tragedy go to waste
he's a bad guy he's a bad guy and he
lies for political gain and then he
stands there and says he's trying to
unify us and he's a liar he's just a
liar and the media lap it up the media
love this crap because it increases the
ratings it gives them the new things to
cover when there's a riot it makes for
good TV and then we can just in and then
they're all the leftist activists on TV
who take it upon themselves to basically
suggest the cops are the problem again
to me the big story last week was not
the killing of Alton sterling in
Louisiana or even the killing of falando
Casteel even that one looks worse in
Minnesota any objective person would say
the big story last week was a guy took a
sniper rifle and shot 11 police officers
in the worst attack on police in the
United States since 9/11 but that's not
what the media are focusing on so Don
Lemon on CNN he says stop pretending
racism doesn't exist by the way no one
is pretending racism doesn't exist all
I'm saying is show me evidence so I can
stand with you I can't do it based on
you just saying racism exists what am I
supposed to do about that what's the
solution how does that help anyone how
does any black person in the inner city
better off if we all say racism exists
America's racist you explain to me that
one and I'll join you explain to me
because there's no correlation between
saying America is racist and then the
solutions you propose your solutions are
crap ok disbanding the police having
only black cops and black
didn't seem to help in Baltimore by the
way the bottom line is what they say is
well if you can't just acknowledge our
feelings we can't even get started I
don't have to acknowledge feelings to
try and find a solution that works for
everybody and it turns out the solution
generally has nothing to do with
subjective feelings it generally has to
do with what works and what doesn't
standards of evidence and truth exist
regardless of your feelings if I allege
something happened and I say that it was
really bad I should have to show
evidence of that for you to react and
for you to side with me you can say you
have sympathy for me I have sympathy for
black people who feel like they're being
victimized by the police but I want to
know how that solves anything
and when you say society's racist all
you're really saying to young black
people is no matter what you do you're
never getting out of here
matter what you do you are stuck here
forever so you may as well just say
screw it and you may as well talk back
to the police and you may as well assume
they're here to do harm and you don't
talk to them because snitches get
stitches but Don Lemon thinks the most
important thing is all the white people
in America acknowledging American racism
or some such nonsense it is time for us
to stop pretending that we don't that
racism doesn't exists that bias doesn't
exist in this culture and if you will
allow me I'm gonna share a very personal
story that happened this weekend as I
was out with friends we were discussing
the Dallas shooting at a bar slash
restaurant and it was two
african-americans me and someone else
and there were other that were with us
in the mediate vicinity and we were
discussing it and as we were talking
about it my friend is talking about it
who is a black guy and the the guy
looked at him and said you were talking
about the Dallas shootings he said how
does that make you feel as and everybody
just got quiet and looked like is this
2016 is this actually happening I swear
on a stack of Bibles on my life that
this happens just this weekend in a
place that you would not even think it
happened and/or would happen in a place
where there are intelligent people there
are very liberal people in the sense of
the types of people that they engage
with so we have to stop pretending that
these things don't happen that people
don't implicit bias at people you don't
hear words and racism and Prejudice
sometimes
your only family with people you missed
the story what what happened that was so
bad did I miss the storytelling maybe I
missed it
do what seriously what was the story
somebody okay so somebody got called the
n-word so it might have blocked out so
he says he says that somebody got called
the n-word okay if that guy called got
called out the n-word you have a
national TV show done lemon why not say
his name like really just say his name
and then we can and then we can say okay
that's a bad guy and we'll all condemn
him and that'll be that right but you're
not doing it he's saying racist was that
guy a cop did he shoot somebody or is he
just some guy who's hanging around and
you heard him say the n-word how do you
know what he did I mean this is this is
the problem with all this kind of stuff
of course they're individual racists of
course they're individual racists but
that doesn't mean that there's a
systemic racism to American Society
doesn't mean that American society is
broadly racist if somebody says the
n-word that guy's a racist okay so now
what do we do about it so now what do we
do about it because I find that on the
unpalatable for goodness sake I've been
spending most of this election cycle
fighting people who think it's cool the
throw racist memes on Twitter and this
is but again there's no solution here
there's no solution here it's just you
feel better by saying America's racist
and then a bunch of upper-crust white
people think it makes them better people
by saying America's racist and I'm not
them so I'm not a racist I can prove I'm
not a racist by saying America's racist
and Jameel Hill and Michael Smith both
black folks on on ESPN they were very
upset we talked about this yesterday
there's a WNBA game where some people
wore black lives matter t-shirts and the
cops walked out and ESPN which has
become as I've said many times MSNBC
with footballs it is a leftist network
it is a leftist propaganda network
they're actually broadcasting in real
time on ESPN Obama's town hall that's
supposed to take place tomorrow on race
relations on ESPN and realize that had
to do with people kicking or throwing or
catching balls and realize that but here
here these two commentators on ESPN two
another serious topic for off-duty
police officers in Minnesota working
Saturday's Minnesota Lynx game walked
off the job after the team wore t-shirts
with black lives matter the name of
victims often Alton sterling and falando
Castille both who were killed by police
and a Dallas police
Department emblem of course signifying
that tragedy Castile was killed by an
officer in nearby Falcon Heights
Minnesota sterling killed in Baton Rouge
now lieutenant Bob Kroll the president
of Minneapolis police union their Police
Union rather committed the officers for
their decision he also said the officers
removed their names from a list to work
future games and that others have said
they will not work lynx games if I'm the
Minnesota Lynx I say good good riddance
okay so the good riddens get out fine so
you say these cops who don't appreciate
you wearing t-shirts with names of
people where the the circumstances
aren't even known yet I mean listen just
a couple of years ago there were people
who are wearing Michael Brown t-shirts
and running out on the NFL fields doing
hands up don't shoot that turned out to
be a lie so it's just but this is this
is the way that the political game is
played none of this gets to a solution
but as Obama says solutions don't matter
who cares about solutions solutions are
irrelevant only justification of
feelings because here's the end goal
right the end goal is that he proclaims
that everybody who disagrees with him
therefore doesn't care about black folks
that's that's the end goal here it's the
Piers Morgan you don't care about dead
kids in Sandy Hook unless you agree with
me that's Obama's routine if we can't
agree on our feelings then certainly
we're never gonna get to a solution he's
gonna use that logic in Reverse he's
gonna propose solutions that are
completely unpalatable and then he's
gonna say you won't even agree on the
feeling so how can we agree on the
solutions that's that's where he's going
here and it's just it's gross it's
really gross meanwhile meanwhile actual
racist shooting or appears to at least
be a racially tense shooting in Chicago
it's certainly a criminal shooting
laQuan McDonald if you don't remember
this particular case there's a black guy
who is who was making trouble I guess in
a McDonald's or something and somebody
called the cops and he starts walking
away from the cops and the cops shoot
him down and rahm emanuel who's the
mayor of the city is up for reelection
at the time and he basically ensures
that no tape comes out at all of this
until after his reelection jesse jackson
says that Rahm Emanuel says no of course
I won't resign have you heard any clamor
about Rahm Emanuel lately on the whole
black lives matter thing any clamour or
cuz you Democrat you don't know
Democrats of course and we never hear
about that black lives matter is only
directed at cops it's never directed at
the Democrats who instruct the cops to
do bad things like in the city of
Chicago now one of the problems that I
have in all of this is that Republicans
have been caving in on this Republicans
I mentioned Newt Gingrich and Marco
Rubio earlier this week Trump too so
here's a here's a quote from from Donald
Trump who's on Bill O'Reilly's show last
night well Riley says there's still some
black Americans who believe the system
is biased against them the American
system because they're black they don't
get the same kind of shot they don't get
the same kind of fairness whites - what
do you say to them and Trump's as well I
have been saying even against me the
system is rigged when I ran as a you
know for president I mean I could see
what was going on with the system and
the system is rigged in other words now
he's making the case that basically
black it's rigged against black people -
this is this is the this is the routine
it's Donald Trump but as far as the
police are concerned you say okay these
two individual things are bad but are
they symptomatic in your opinion of a
larger problem with American police that
they fear blacks or that they act
differently around African Americans do
you believe that's in play look it could
be you have to see it I mean there are
so many individual cases there are
certain cases where this takes place and
it's horrible I mean somebody will meet
they'll have a commission meet and the
Commission may have an answer but I
almost don't care what the Commission
says because I you know I see it with my
eyes I hate what I saw those two
instances I hate what I saw when
somebody guns down all of these
policemen and kills five policemen I
hate it
do you believe that there is a problem
in American policing whereby blacks are
treated differently than whites do you
believe that it could be the poppy that
president is there anything you can do
about that it could be it could be thank
you for that that brilliant moral
leadership and guidance Donald Trump and
how does that make the solution better
so presumably the next solution is for
President Obama to federalize the police
forces right send in the DOJ to crack
down on the local cops and suggest that
they are better than anybody else and
making sure that black people aren't
victimized by
local police again without evidence it's
just you don't need to cave I mean it's
so funny people say that he's a warrior
against political correctness this is
not being a warrior against political in
correct against political correctness
this is this is being a chicken it's
being a chicken
okay well all of that said all of that
said Donald Trump did get into it with
with Ruth Bader Ginsburg and in other
news he got into a Bruce Ruth Bader
Ginsburg I want to talk a minute about
what's gonna happen at the convention I
don't think there's gonna be a
full-scale revolt against Trump at the
convention I specifically don't think
Dex the polls have really narrowed for
Trump so there are a couple of different
polls out today Quinnipiac poll shows
Trump up in Florida shows Trump up in
Pennsylvania she wasn't tied in Ohio
there's another poll today that shows
Hillary up in Pennsylvania it shows her
up in Florida it shows are basically
tied in Ohio so it's so it's very close
in other words and in all of these swing
states I will point out something that I
have been pointing out about these polls
for weeks now in none of the polls
state/federal any of the polls is Donald
Trump about 42% so all the polls where
Donald Trump is running neck-and-neck
with Hillary our polls where it shows
Trump 41 Hillary 39 Trump 39 Hillary 41
Trump 39 Hillary 439 okay that's not
going to be the actual election result
just so folks know
okay that's only eighty percent of the
American population twenty percent isn't
just gonna disappear off the face of the
earth the volatility in the polls is all
Hillary Trump is absolutely consistent
he's always in national and state
polling between 35 and 41 percent that
is his range 35 to 42 percent in all of
these polls there hasn't been movement
on that in eight weeks right he's
absolutely stagnant there barring some
sort of catastrophic change in Donald
Trump not in events in Donald Trump he's
gonna stay this the real question
becomes how much do Americans hate
Hillary Clinton how much do Americans
hate Hillary if they hate Hillary enough
then Hillary will drop a load Trump in
the polls but if those additional voters
don't go to Trump then she probably
still wins so she's up and down and up
and down and up now she still has all
the advantages despite the fact that
she's the most corrupt cans in it in
American history I just want to point
that out because there a lot of people
are gonna hear today saying this means
that Trump is surging Trump isn't
surging Trump is exactly where he was
before
Hillary is collapsing there is a
difference there is a difference and
believe me I don't think
the media are going to let Hillary
full-scale collapse I think that right
now is the dark time for Hillary I think
in six weeks they're gonna turn this
around after the convention after she
picks our VP the media will go all-in
against Donald Trump and Donald Trump
will start falling behind again but but
the Trump unification is indeed taking
place and and Paul Ryan is is is
awkwardly defending Donald Trump and Tom
cotton the senator from Arkansas he's
saying that he is going to speak at the
RNC which is true Rudy Giuliani's gonna
speak at the RNC the the VP pick is
supposed to come by Friday right now
today I guess in Indiana he's in there
meeting with Mike Pence Gingrich has
flown to Indiana Jeff Sessions is flying
to Indiana Chris Christie I think is
flying to Indiana so one of two things
is there been a couple of theories as to
what's going on with the VP Peck Theory
one is that and this was put forward by
somebody the daily stat the Weekly
Standard the the theory one is he's
bringing all these people and he's
actually gonna announce a cabinet Friday
which would be a good move I think
that'd be really smart I think that if
he comes out and he says okay Christie's
my Attorney General and Gingrich is my
chief of staff and Mike Flynn this
general this general is is my new
Secretary of Defense I don't think he'd
be a good to Secretary of Defense that's
another question if he announced his
whole cabinet that'd probably be smart
it makes people feel more secure if they
feel like there are decent people or at
least people who are plausible around
him
now that's theory number one theory
number two is that basically this is now
a cage match and that for ratings Trump
will actually put them in Thunderdome
and let them battle to the death and
theory number three is my own personal
theory which is that Donald Trump is
going to line them up and then have a
rose ceremony and and like in The
Bachelorette which my wife will not stop
watching and it's making me crazy so
it's it so it's what we'll see what
happens I don't think any of these these
pics change the game very much but this
is the good time for Trump if you're on
the Trump bandwagon this week next week
the next three weeks are the good time
for Trump so if you're in the betting
markets now's the time when you buy
Trump stock and then you sell Trump
stock like two days after the convention
right that's the best time to do it so
just just handicapping this thing okay
another issue on which Trump has been in
the news is that Donald Trump called for
Ruth Bader Ginsburg to resign that's
because Ruth Bader Ginsburg ripped into
Donald Trump she suggested that the
country couldn't afford Donald Trump
she's sitting just
on the United States Supreme Court Ruth
Bader Ginsburg is a wild leftist and so
Donald Trump tweets back at her
Justice Ginsburg of the US Supreme Court
has embarrassed all by making very dumb
political statements about me her mind
is shot resigned and I gotta say I love
it I love it
what's amazing though is that the the
left wing this demonstrates what the
Supreme Court is to the left the left
wing media agree with Trump the New York
Times has an editorial today where they
say Donald Trump is totally right he's
totally right to rip Ginsburg Jonathan
Turley on CNN right he's a leftist legal
analyst for CNN and here's a he was
actually on Fox News here he is
explaining that Ruth Bader Ginsburg it's
entirely inappropriate what she said
Trump on this issue you tell me he's
entirely right she was out of line he is
right and is that what she did is not
just wrong ethically it undermines the
integrity of the Supreme Court it's a
very serious blow to that Court the
Supreme Court has many flaws but one of
its great tenants is this impartiality
and this separation from politics and
what Justice Ginsburg did was undermine
that tradition what was she doing was
she why do you think people vote based
on what Ruth Bader Ginsburg thanks why
would she do this well unfortunately I
think that many of these justices have
become enthralled with what I call the
age of the celebrity justice they're
increasingly going to audiences they're
enjoying this limelight and in my view
it's it's a terrible trend I preferred
the old model where justices spoke
entirely through their opinions but I
think you see this sort of corrosive
effect on the judgment of justices in
this interview but many of these
justices have committed unethical acts
in the past a majority of them have
committed acts that would have been
serious matters for lower just judges
but they consider themselves beyond the
rules of ethics
okay so terms enforceability okay so I
will say this I actually like that Ruth
Bader Ginsburg went after Trump not
because I dislike Trump I think Ginsburg
is one of the world's least immoral
human beings I think the Ginsburg has
been an awful justice she's she's a
pro-abortion fanatic she hates the
constitute
she said years ago that she preferred
the South African Constitution to the
American Constitution and because of
obviously all the liberty and prosperity
that's been had in South Africa in
recent years since the advent of that
constitution yeah the the the the fact
that she said this the reason I like it
is cuz I like when the mask comes off I
like reality as I say I root for reality
and because I root for reality I don't
think that the court is in a political
body I think that a very political body
and so I like when they go out there and
undermine their own authority I like
when they undermined their own
credibility she has no credibility she's
not an objective person she's not
someone who cares about the Constitution
she's a politician you know she came
from the National Organization for Women
that's her Ruth Bader Ginsburg came from
and just like Thurgood Marshall came
from the n-double-a-cp she came from the
NW no W right so the fact is that she is
a deeply deeply political woman and
that's okay that's okay
I have a solution take away the power of
judicial review from a political Supreme
Court because we don't have a super
legislature in this country and I don't
need Democrats telling me what to do in
the name of the Constitution so I like
what Ruth Bader Ginsburg did I also know
that the media are unbelievable on this
stuff so the The Associated Press ran a
headline where they said something like
New York Times rips notorious RBG right
this is what they're calling her now
right that's a journalistic this is a
journalistic organization and supposedly
it is now okay to call a sitting United
States Supreme Court justice a notorious
RBG maker cool I remember when they are
calling him clearance tea remember that
like for Clarence Thomas order they were
calling Justice Scalia biggie Scalia I
remember that no I don't remember that
because it's idiotic that's idiotic
so the media are totally on her side
because that's what they do because
that's what that's what the media do so
all right I think that we are now at the
point let's see is it time for things
that we like and see some does loosen
things we like in things we hate come on
okay so we're gonna start what we've
been doing surprise endings this week
and this is an oldie but goodie
from this particular surprise ending
somebody called witness for the
prosecution if you've never seen it it's
it's a it's a really good movie it's
really entertaining old movie Charles
Laughton and Marlena Dietrich and and
it's it's it's really
it's really fun it's really well acted
and it's very clever and if you've you
don't know what's coming it's got a
really clever little ending so here
here's the trailer for witness for the
prosecution this I think late 40s for
the prosecution
the most electrifying entertainment of
our time the stunning climax to a half a
century of motion picture suspense
the setting is London the story two
people in love a murder and a trial
climax by the ten most breath stopping
minutes you've ever lived the cast
Tyrone Power in love with a woman who
holds his life in her beautiful hands
Charles Laughton in the most
scintillating role of his brilliant
career Marlena Dietrich the woman of
mystery a fascinating question by its
director Billy Wilder was a terrific
director all-time director it's a really
good and then it says the very end of
that preview by the way that that notice
to patrons there now advised not to take
their seats during the last few minutes
right to preserve the secret of the
surprise ending so this is this is a
movie that's very famous for its
surprise ending and it is a good film
okay other things that I like so we're
gonna do Bible verses on Wednesday I've
decided so we can do mailbag on Thursday
so let's do Bible verses of the week so
the the parsha this week comes from
numbers the parsha is of course the
section of the Torah that Jews read we
read a different section every week all
the way through the years so by the end
of the year we've gone through the
entire five books of Moses and we do
this every year which is why Orthodox
Jews tend to know this stuff pretty well
so numbers 27 through 12 so this is
actually the the critical moment in in
the Torah where God tells Moses
basically you're not going into the land
right you're you're going to die out
here in the wilderness it's really a
tragedy I mean the tour is really a
tragedy it's about Moses it's a tragic
tragic story write me he serves his
entire life for this people who are
ungrateful and they're constantly
ripping on him and they're constantly
being stiff-necked and terrible with God
and then Moses takes them all the way to
the brink and then they don't go forward
because they're again recalcitrant
and then God says sorry you can't go in
the lane you're gonna die here right I
mean it's really it's really terrible
here in in numbers 7 through 12 God
speaks to Moses he says take the staff I
said the people are whining again about
how they don't have water and so the
Lord says to Moses take your staff
assemble the congregation you and your
brother Aaron speak to the rock in their
presence and it'll give forth its water
now this is the second time we've had a
rock magic trip with God so back and
back in Exodus there's a rock magic
truck where God actually tells Moses hit
the rock and Moses hits the rock and the
water comes out this time he says speak
to the rock and Moses instead takes the
staff and Moses and Aaron assemble the
congregation and they say now listen you
rebels can we draw water for you from
this rock he hits the rock the water
comes forth and then God says to Moses
and Aaron since you did not have faith
in me to sanctify me in the eyes of the
children of Israel you shall not bring
this assembly to the land which I have
given them so that seems like a pretty
harsh punishment right it's pretty harsh
God said speak to the rock he hits the
rock and gods like okay well I guess
you're gonna die now like that's that's
pretty that's pretty brutal on Moses
until what you realize is that every
human being has a designed role in the
universe every human being has a godly
designed role in the universe
Moses role could not extend into the
land the reason that Moses role couldn't
extend into the land is because Moses as
a conduit between the nation and God was
in danger of almost becoming an idol to
the people and this is why when God
takes Moses we still don't know where
Moses is buried because the idea was
that God didn't want that to become kind
of a idolatrous shrine said to Moses
Moses also was a national leader but he
wasn't a war leader and the person who
takes Israel forth into the land is less
a spiritual leader Joshua than he is a
than he is a military leader and he just
does everything God says the book of
Joshua is about Joshua going around
doing brutal things that God tells him
to do basically Moses is not that guy
Moses is the guy who argues with God who
speaks face-to-face with God as God says
later in Deuteronomy did the CD speaks
face-to-face the fact that what happened
so what actually happened here what
actually happened here is that Moses you
have to understand in the preceding
segments of the Bible just before this
Aaron who's Moses brother and his
spokesperson Aaron is getting really
smacked around my life right we had that
we've already had the golden
Aran's two sons died after they
approached the altar and god consumes
them right they die because they bring
unauthorized sacrifices and they die the
people have now rebelled in last week's
parsha kora kora he came and he rebelled
against Moses and against Aaron and he
says we want to be the priests it
shouldn't be your brother this is
nepotism we're gonna be the priests now
because we're all capable of being
priests why does it have to be a brother
there's been this national rebellion
against Moses and Aaron and particularly
against Aaron because Moses always has
God on his side but Aaron is is was
godly man he doesn't get a lot of direct
communication from God it's mostly
through Moses in the Bible and so Moses
here what's happening is that people are
angry they're angry at Moses and Aaron
and Moses in defense of his brother
sides with his own family sides with his
own brother above the people and above
God more importantly right he doesn't
say in the name of God I'm bringing
forth this water he says can we draw
water for you from this rock we not
being me and God we being me and Aaron
can the two the two of us can we draw
the water forth from this rock my family
is more important and it's a moment of
passion for Moses do you angry but this
is what we all do right and this is the
danger the danger and in human life is
siding with your tribe siding with their
family siding with any institution over
the will of God you do that you're gonna
get yourself in a lot of hot water and
that's exactly what happens with Moses
here so Moses says we'll do it for you
me and Aaron the next thing that happens
God says you can't go in and Moses says
okay well who you know appoint the
leader can it be my son and God says no
that's is gonna be Joshua right it's not
now it's out of your family so I think
it's worthwhile explaining what happened
there because the idea here is number
one you have a preordained role in life
that it is your job to find and fulfill
and we don't all get to see we don't get
to enter the Promised Land but it's our
job to take I'll take the world as far
as we can but point number two is that
the minute that you begin valuing any
institution over the will of God which
by the way I would include individual
freedom and decency and morality you get
yourself in real hot water there's no
comparison between Moses and you know
the situation in Penn State but this
week there was a news item where it
turned out that Joe Paterno knew from
the 70s that his defense coach Jerry
Sandusky was involved in basically
molesting kids and everybody
in the immediate vicinity apparently
knew that this guy was involved and the
allegiance to Penn State football was so
great that nobody said anything and all
these kids get molested this is true
throughout human history you wonder how
great brutality great evil happens great
evil happens when people become fixed on
the importance of any institution over
the good
moisés one can do anything like that of
course I mean that's this is this
momentary lapse and that's what makes it
so tragic Moses tries to repent God says
sorry you know he holds Moses to a
higher standard because if you're
speaking face-to-face with God you don't
get to make these kinds of mistakes is
sort of the idea but it's a lesson that
we all should take from it because we're
all on a lower level than Moses we
should take their the more commonplace
lesson okay time for a couple of things
that I hate so first of all Matt Damon
just keeps saying things Matt Damon and
Matt Damon he's he's on all these
posters for Jason Bourne holding a gun
and he's very anti-gun but he makes a
lots of money off guns now he says that
he's frightened at the prospect of a
trump presidency which is maybe the only
reason I can think of to vote for Donald
Trump you know I'm really frightened at
the prospect of a trump presidency and
what that would mean it's it's not it's
not even a Republican Democrat issue I
I'm genuinely concerned about his
temperament somebody who's sending you
know photos of their hands to people and
you know I mean it's just like if if
it's that easy to get under your skin
you should not be able to wield that
much power it's just too too dangerous
for the rest of us didn't you say you
would leave the country
I know I think I think I try to work
within the system to make it better but
I I don't think I'd leave okay so you
know unfortunately he won't leave if
Trump wins that takes away my only
reason to vote Trump so there so there
does
aside from Hillary being awful awful
awful okay so final thing that I hate
everything's big deal out of this
pokemons go thing I'm not a Pokemon
person I don't I don't know what the
deal is with the Pokemon thing or why
it's there or why people care about it
apparently it's just sort of pops up
random places and you're supposed to
sort of chase it around
apparently there's one of my desk right
now but but in any case this is Pokemon
thing is just sitting around places and
you're supposed to go around people are
finding in like Auschwitz and they said
please don't look for Pokemon go in
Auschwitz they found out like the u.s.
Holocaust Memorial and finding an
Arlington National Cemetery idiots are
like running around at Arlington
National Cemetery for looking for this
kind of stupid crap okay number one if
you're not a 16 year old girl stop it
they'll get a life go find people worth
taking pictures with as opposed to a
digitally created thing above our that
you can take a picture with on your
phone it's not real gang and if it were
real it might be a vicious small animal
you don't know so it's said that this
whole thing is but this is what it takes
to get adults out of the house now we're
all ten-year-old children we've turned
to descended I remember Pokemon was a
thing when I was like 10 I remember like
all the girls were into Pokemon when I
was 10
I'm now 31 31 32 now it's time to get
over it if you're an adult start acting
like it yeah I'm gonna take a picture
with your kid I understand that you
think kids are dispensable in Pokemon is
is absolutely necessary to your life but
you might try to reverse that polarity a
little bit it turns out that there are
better things to do in life than chase
around Pokemon okay it's a fun little
thing I understand but then at whatever
you see is kind of broad obsessions with
stupid little things and the only thing
that can get you outside off your butt
is to run around chasing a digital
character on behalf of a major quote
multinational corporation like Nintendo
I would suggest that you my friend are a
sucker and I would also suggest that you
might need to get some new hot
because I mean really there's one thing
if I have kids that I'm running around
my kids doing it if I'm a twenty-one if
I'm a twenty-one year old guy that I'm
single and I'm just running around with
my guy friends doing this dude find a
girl I mean like really get get some
semblance of life and then coming from
me that that means something okay so so
there will be much more tomorrow we'll
do the mailbag tomorrow you have to
subscribe at daily wire if you want to
be part of the mailbag and then you can
email me and then I can make fun of you
on air or I can compliment you on air
more likely the former than the latter
but take your shot so daily wire.com to
subscribe and be part of the mailbag we
will be back tomorrow i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show
