first I have to tell you this is there's
an insane accusation from Huffington
Post case there's an insane accusation
from Huffington Post here is the
accusation you talk about media coverage
that is just garbaggio this one is from
Huffington Post you ready for this
you're not you think you are but you're
not this is from Emily Peck Brett
Kavanaugh liked female clerks who booked
a certain way Yale student was told a
few years ago as she was prepping to
interview for a judicial clerkship a
student at Yale Law School received a
troubling combination of warning and
advice from her professors about one
federal judge in particular
Brent Cavanaugh she was told lights his
female clerks to have quote a certain
look right now Cavanaugh's nomination to
the Supreme Court hangs in the balance
as he faces an accusation that he
sexually assaulted a girl in high school
the professor's preferring the advice
are themselves well known both Jed
Rubenfeld and his wife Amy Chua told
this woman about Cavanaugh's preferences
then Kavanagh was simply known as a
prestigious judge on the DC Circuit
Court of Appeals though neither said the
judge did anything untoward regarding
the women he worked with the student
found their counsel off-putting so in
other words there is no actual
allegation Kavanaugh did anything wrong
but once upon a time people said that
Brett Cavanaugh liked young clerks in
his office to look a certain way and we
don't know the worry time is that a
matter of dress is that a matter of what
we have no idea we don't have any clue
okay it's just like how is this anything
short of justice mere this is I love
this she advised me to be to be and
dress outgoing she strongly urged me to
send her pictures of what I was thinking
of wearing so she could evaluate I did
not well like any employer might want to
know whether you're going to walk into
the office wearing a bra like I don't
even know what this means like Amy Chu
is a big advocate of the idea by the way
that people should dress for success so
maybe that's one of the things that she
is suggesting here we have no idea all
we have is a vague allegation for a
person who's never met Brett Kavanaugh
saying a third party said he liked his
young clerks to look a particular way
this is enough obviously this means that
when he was 17 he tried to rape somebody
clearly clearly the best article of all
comes courtesy of Molly ball hey over at
time.com and here's where he really gets
in the nub of it Democrats are trying to
restart the war on women meme based on a
fact free allegation made with
those support supporting evidence from
the beginning says Molly both women were
determined to be disruptive they're set
Brad Cavanaugh looking every bit the
world's most decent man with his even
demeanor and sparkling resume ready to
go through the motions and receive the
benediction of the Senators before him
since the day of his nomination to the
Supreme Court Cavanaugh had portrayed
himself as a champion of women
introducing himself to the nation he
emphasized the women he cherished saying
his mother a judge was his ultimate role
model talking about his daughters and
the majority of female law clerks he'd
hired members of the girls basketball
teams he's coached sat in the front rows
behind him at his Senate confirmation
hearing earlier he recited the names of
his daughter's teammates Anna Quinton
Kelsey cien Chloe Alex Ava Sophie and
Margaret I loved helping the girls grow
into confident players he had spent a
lifetime pushing all the right buttons
and now nothing seemed to stand between
the federal judge and a seat on the
nation's highest court but one after
another
women interrupted still she persisted
protesters popped up in the back of the
room yelling and waving signs before
being hustled out by what by police
women's Senators spoke out of turn mr.
chairman I'd like to be recognized pled
Democrat Kamala Harris of California to
no avail
Cavanaugh sat quietly in the middle of
it a chalupa smile on his face but the
women it turned out were not done
disrupting him just when the end seemed
in sight his confirmation vote less than
a week away after a hearing that had
turned up no more than the usual
partisan oxd Christine Blasi Ford a
California college professor decided to
put her name to a devastating accusation
charging that some 36 years prior when
they're both in high school Cavanaugh
had sexually assaulted her it was a hazy
accusation hesitantly lodged short on
detail and curiously timed but for its
charge shattered Cavanaugh's
carefully-crafted tableau calling into
doubt the image he projected the row of
young girls legs bare in their private
school skirts looked different now
okay so him having a bunch of girls he
coaches in basketball come to a hearing
that looked different maybe Kevin what's
the implication they Kavanagh abused
them is the implication that Kevin I did
something to them because that's a BS
accusation you got in the evidence Molly
ball or just gonna throw it out there
that all women are victims Kamala Harris
is victimized just as Christine Blasi
Ford was victimized just as the women on
brent Cavanaugh's the little girls on
brick Cavanaugh's basketball team were
victimized women are victims that's the
final pitch that's the election
story that's what this entire thing is
about all of this boils down to just a
couple of words three really women are
victims that's it that's the only pitch
Democrats have to make here cuz they
can't make a true or false pitch
they won't even put this lady in front
of a hearing even behind closed doors
they will never talk with senators they
won't provide any supporting evidence
nothing and we're supposed to buy that
we're supposed to sit here and pretend
that that's ok that is ok to destroy
America's unity on the basis of
allegations that have no verifiability
without any questions being asked and
then if you ask a question it means
you're a sexist honestly if you believe
that's what America is all about you do
not understand what America is all about
due process of law is probably the most
key elements of the Constitution of the
United States and now the Democrats have
proved they don't like the first or the
second amendments have determined that
they don't actually like the fifth
amendment either they don't like due
process of law it's something that has
to go completely by the wayside
