on Monday America celebrated the 240th
anniversary of the adoption of the
Declaration of Independence which
condemns King George the third for quote
obstructing the administration of
justice on Tuesday the American Left
celebrated as the federal government
obstructed the administration of justice
on behalf of its ruling family the
Clintons
last week the Attorney General of the
United States met with former President
Bill Clinton whose wife and foundation
were both under FBI investigation and
they both insisted that nothing bad
happened nothing untoward days later the
New York Times reported that Hillary
Clinton might offer Lynch a position in
her administration over the holiday
weekend the Obama administration
announced that Obama would fly to North
Carolina with Clinton aboard Air Force
One in order to campaign with her
Americans would in part foot the bill
for the travel on Tuesday FBI director
James Comey called the supposedly
impromptu press conference to announce
his findings in the investigation of
Hillary's private email server he began
by announcing nobody knew what he was
about to say which seemed slightly
implausible given that Obama was
preparing to go on stage with Clinton at
the time is it even within the realm of
imagination that Obama would stand next
to Clinton hours after Comey announced
the intent of prosecutor what the FBI
would just come and grab her and kill
her carry her bodily off the stage of
course not
then komen proceeded to lay out all the
reasons why Hillary should have been
indicted she set up multiple private
email servers all of which were
vulnerable to hack she didn't set them
up in order to use one mobile device as
she is so often stated she transmitted
and received highly classified material
her team deleted emails that could have
contained relevant and classified
information
she knew classified information was
crossing her server he concluded that
Clinton's team was quote extremely
careless in their handling a very
sensitive highly classified information
this was all criminal activity but
Clinton is a member of the royal family
so said Comey she was innocent the
Divine Right of Kings rules Comey tried
to say he wouldn't recommend prosecution
because she didn't have the requisite
intent but the law doesn't require
intent it requires gross negligence
under 18 USC 793 F in fact even the
level of intent required to charge under
statutes like 18 USC 1924 and 18 USC 798
was clearly met the intent to place
classified information in a non approved
non-classified place nonetheless Hillary
would be allowed to roam free and become
president to be clear
said call me this is not to suggest in
similar circumstances a person who
engaged in this activity would face no
consequences to the contrary those
individuals are often subject to
security or administrative sanctions but
that is not what we are deciding right
now one rule for the peons one for the
potentates this is the legacy of Woodrow
Wilson finally achieved after a century
of long waiting the big man or woman
unanswerable to the law approved by the
population without regard to equality
under the law we now elect our dictators
and they don't answer to us except maybe
once every four years the common folk on
the other hand we find ourselves on the
wrong side of the government gun every
single day tyranny doesn't start with
the jackboot it begins with the notion
that a different law applies to the
powerful than to the powerless under
Barack Obama tyranny has become a way of
life Ronald Reagan always said freedom
was one generation away from extinction
it looks like we finally found the
generation I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show tends to demonize
people don't care about your feelings
well welcome welcome we have so much to
get to in the next 11 minutes or so and
then you'll have to go to Daley wire for
the rest to subscribe and you'll have to
go to SoundCloud to download and iTunes
to download but this is what we call our
Andrew Clavin calls this show is the
chainsaw of reality and we are here to
smash all of your dreams and make your
life miserable so why don't we jump
right in so it turns out that Hilary is
a massive criminal but FBI director
James Comey as we discussed at length
yesterday doesn't care
Hilary is a liar a pathological liar she
lied and lied and lied over and over and
over she did it with intent she put all
this stuff on her server to hide it
she had her people destroy things to
destroy things we still don't know what
she destroyed even though Comey
pretended that he did watch this video
here is a video of Hillary Clinton and
her statements in the past about her
emails her email server versus what
James Comey had to say yesterday the FBI
director here it is I did not email any
classified material to anyone
there is no classified material 110
emails in 52 email chains have been
determined by the owning agency to
contain classified information
at the time they were sent or received I
provided all my emails that could
possibly be work-related several
thousand work-related emails that were
not among the group of 30,000 emails
returned by Secretary Clinton I thought
using one device would be simpler she
also used numerous mobile devices to
send and to read email there were no
security breaches it is possible ie the
hostile actors gained access to
secretary Clinton's personal email
account it was my practice to
communicate with State Department and
other government officials on their
dot-gov accounts of hostile actors
gained access to the private commercial
email accounts people with whom
Secretary Clinton was in regular contact
from her personal account no doubt that
we've done exactly what we should have
done they were extremely careless in
their handling of very sensitive highly
classified information people will be
able to judge for themselves we cannot
find a case that would support bringing
criminal charges on these facts to be
clear this is not to suggest that in
similar circumstances a person who
engaged in this activity would face no
consequences Americans will find that
you know interesting and I look forward
to having a discussion about that just
insane just insane all the way through
okay so there's the judge to position
and just to give you an example of
another case in which in which somebody
was was sentenced for actual criminal
behavior like this there is a soldier
who was deployed in Afghanistan
2007-2008 is a regional engineer and he
admitted to downloading classified
briefings and digital records onto his
person electronic devices he brought
them back to the United States when his
deployment ended an FBI search of the
guy's home turned up classified
materials but didn't show any intent to
distribute right sounds exactly like
Hillary Clinton except that she actually
sent out these emails this guy got two
years of probation a $7,500 fine right
Hillary Clinton nothing nothing not
nothing everything is great everything
is grand we're supposed to pretend that
this all goes away the Republicans are
talking about now calling James Comey in
front of Congress calling Loretta Lynch
in front of Congress it's worthless
they'll just go up there and they'll say
we're using our prosecute
toriel discretion it's not about the
corruption of Comey and the corruption
of Lynch although that's obviously part
of the story it's about the fact that
the entire system is biased now Donald
Trump is accusing the Clinton
administration will the Clinton the
would be Clinton administration of
coordinating with the Obamas and the
Obamas of coordinating with Loretta
Lynch and James Comey I don't think that
has to happen explicitly see you work in
a company right and at that company you
sort of know what it is that your bosses
want to hear so if your boss spends all
day saying that he wants a certain type
of memo you craft the memo to fit that
and this is historically speaking this
is sort of like what happened with Henry
the second during the killing of
Archbishop Thomas Thomas Becket you know
the the idea was that Henry Henry - he
says will no one rid me of this
troublesome priest and the Knights go
hey I know somebody who'll read him that
troublesome priests and they go and they
kill Thomas Becket that's how it works
in government - when Obama says
she'sshe's in the sense she didn't do
anything wrong Comey takes the hint
there doesn't have to be a formal
meeting nonetheless the Republicans are
slamming Hillary Clinton over the emails
here's a new Republican video that's now
come out and it's pretty effective there
is evidence that they were extremely
careless in their handling of very
sensitive highly classified information
I thought it would be easier to carry
just one device for my work and for my
personal email there because it's
basically the same material as we just
saw in the reason com video that we
showed before obviously the
juxtaposition shows that Hillary is an
egregious egregious liar so President
Obama knows all this but he doesn't care
because as my friends and as Prager is
fond of saying truth is not a left-wing
value the left doesn't care about truth
they care about equality they care about
fairness they don't care about truth
truth is completely worthless to them
all they care about is domination all
they care about is domination so
President Obama lands on the airliner on
Air Force One with Hillary Clinton as
all of this is going on and then he
stumps with her now notice something
about the visual here the President of
the United States is standing behind a
seal that says president of the United
States he never does this when he's
campaigning because even Obama sometimes
recognizes that his office is separate
from the politicking obviously no more
he brings Hillary along with him and and
he and he speaks on her behalf by the
end of this Hillary would be standing
behind that podium with the President of
the United States
on it right creating the object that
she's already the presidents of the
United States which is exactly what
Obama wants to create here's President
Obama saying if you're voting your
pocketbook you should vote for Hillary
Clinton everybody votes on the economy I
understand there are other issues but if
your concern is who's gonna look out for
working families if you're voting your
pocketbook if you're asking who's
actually gonna stand up for the guy on
the construction site or the guy in in
the factory or or the woman who's
cleaning a hotel room er or just
somebody who's really working hard the
working family if that's your concern
this isn't even a choice this is what he
loves to do it's what he lives for and
there's Hillary cackling like a crazy
old grandmother over there looking like
Marie Barone from Everybody Loves
Raymond in the background and Obama goes
into his full campaign voice and he
starts dropping his geez because that
means that he's one of the people right
he starts dropping his jeez like the
woman is working in that hotel room
she's not working she's working in that
hotel we and that's not all he had to
say then he dropped this unbelievable
line literally five seconds after James
Comey finishes saying that Hillary's the
most corrupt harridan ever to occupy the
State Department President Obama says
nobody's ever been more qualified than
Hillary Clinton she's seen the
consequences of things working well and
things not working well and there has
never been any
man or woman more qualified for this
office than Hillary Clinton
really and that's the truth no that's
not the truth
that's the truth I'll get me stop it
there and I got the cheering crowds and
everybody's really excited there's never
been anyone more qualified to go to
prison than Hillary Clinton as a
candidate in this race but she's more
qualified than for example General
Dwight Eisenhower who led the effort in
World War two really is that true she's
more qualified than George Washington
who found that the country essentially
she's more qualified than James Madison
wrote the Constitution yeah I'm sure I'm
sure that she's more qualified than any
of those people if you are a stupid
person if you are a stupid person this
makes perfect sense the Republicans
naturally are fighting mad about all of
this and they should be fighting mad
about all of this here's Paul Ryan
saying that this is ridiculous you know
under any other circumstances this
person would be barred from having
security clearance
she grossly negligent she mishandled
classified information and now she wants
the commander-in-chief here's the other
thing you know when I was at MIT
Romney's running mate
I got classified briefings every week by
the CIA by national intelligence very
sensitive information which you get as a
candidate once the convention occurs
Comey said short of prosecution some
kind of administration action should
occur bringing consequences I think the
the DNI the Director of National
Intelligence should block her access to
classified information given how
recklessly she handled this during the
presidential campaign becomes president
that's one thing but I don't think she
should get classified information and I
think the DNI should block it
given how recklessly she handled this
but okay weak T from Paul Ryan there but
that's what Paul Ryan does I don't mind
Paul Ryan too much I think that he does
stupid things like amnesty and tarp but
Paul Ryan as the Advocate the as the
prosecutor does that look like the face
of a prosecutor to you or does that look
like the face of a mildly irritated
Muppet I mean really like if you're
gonna go after Hillary you really have
to go after Hillary here now is the time
now is the time to attack Hillary
because she's wide open and Comey left
her wide open in fact there was even a
theory being put forward by allah pundit
over at hot air that Comey knew that
this whole thing was politicized so he
dropped this announcement specifically
to show look how political this is we
all know she's guilty but I'm being
forbidden by my higher-ups to do this
maybe that happened maybe it didn't but
bottom line is now is the time to attack
not on these kind of weak need well she
shouldn't receive classified briefings
routine but she's utterly unqualified
for the highest office in the land she's
totally unqualified to do this Cruz said
this he said this decision threatens the
rule of law this decision really
destroys the possibility of rule of law
Rudy Giuliani who used to work with
James Comey he said he thinks it's
unthinkable unthinkable not to have a
prosecution here it is it is a very
consequential act to indict a person who
is the presumptive nominee and either
one of the two political parties I don't
know if the weight of that may be
affected judgment but when I when I
listened to him I was sure he was going
to come to the conclusion either that
they were prosecutable offenses so he
was not going to come to a conclusion at
all and leave it up to the Attorney
General when he came to the conclusion
that no reasonable prosecutor could
bring this case I found that statement
to be completely indefensible a lot of
reasonable prosecutors would bring this
case in fact I think he would be
unreasonable not to bring this case at
least under 18 USC Section 793
subparagraph F right right it doesn't
require it doesn't require intent
requires gross negligence now just to
spend a moment on this intent point
because Hillary and Obama and Comey all
placed heavy emphasis on intent here's
what Comey said yesterday said
prosecutors necessarily weigh a number
of factors before bringing charges there
are obvious considerations like the
strength of the evidence especially
regarding intent all the cases
prosecuted involved some combination of
clearly intentional and willful
mishandling of classified information or
vast quantities of materials exposed in
such a way as to support an inference of
intentional misconduct or indications of
loyalty to the United States or efforts
to obstruct justice we do not see those
things here okay first of all as I
mentioned yesterday gross negligence is
the standard under 793 F but that's not
the only law here when Comey says
Hillary did an evidence intentional and
willful mishandling of classified
information of course she did when you
builds a server and put classified
information on it and then have your
lawyers scrub it that is the intentional
and willful mishandling of classified
information
it is intent okay it doesn't have to
mean that there's intentionality with
regards as she wants the Russians to
but there's intent obviously to do
something with classified info same
thing with vast quantities of materials
exposed in such a way as to support an
inference of intentional misconduct same
thing with efforts to obstruct justice
there's two types of intent in law
there's specific intent and there's
basic intent ok basic intent general
intent general intent is like I'm
standing on an overpass above a crowd
and I have a brick and I dropped the
brick into the crowd right I didn't have
an intent necessarily to kill one person
but I had a general intent to drop the
brick knowing that something bad would
happen I would be prosecuted for
first-degree murder
right that's usually what law requires
usually law requires a general intent
the intent required here is the intent
to do the bad Act not the intent to give
the documents to the Russians but of
course Comey shifts the law in order to
let Hillary off the hook because that's
what they do we have to stop here
unfortunately with the live feed but go
to daily wired.com if you want to see
the rest and if you want to subscribe
also you can go to SoundCloud or iTunes
and listen to us you this will be up in
a little while and you can download the
entire show we have so much more to get
to that you're gonna want to be a part
of we're gonna talk about Donald Trump
we're gonna play a little bit oh.good
Trump bad Trump I'm gonna talk about
what Donald Trump had to say about all
of this we're also gonna do things I
like things I hate and we'll talk about
the the growing controversy surrounding
the killing of Alton sterling in Baton
Rouge Louisiana so you're missing a lot
if you don't go and sign up a daily
wire.com so we'll see you there
all right so continuing along these
lines you've got Giuliani you've got
Paul Ryan they're all condemning Hillary
for a reason they're condemning Comey
for a reason so the question is what's
the fallout does this really matter so I
think for a week or so you're gonna see
the media crack on Hillary for a week or
so the media is gonna say oh it's really
terrible what you did
then they're gonna shift as quickly as
possible away from Hillary Clinton and
toward Donald Trump so for the moment
they're gonna pretend like their
objective about this Wolf Blitzer over
on CNN he said yesterday this is a major
slap to the Hillary Clinton campaign
there were some emails that were there
that were at that top level above top
secret when he says that that
information was there it was potentially
available for foreign hostile powers to
or for anyone for that matter to go into
those private servers and compromise
that kind of that kind of information
that is a severe severe slap that the
way Hillary Clinton was
that server while she was Secretary of
State for four years and her aides were
obviously very well aware that all of
this information was on this private
server so when she says that no
information was marked classified with
when and was sent or received
she may be precise in those words but he
says anyone reading that information
should have known it was secret top
secret or even a secure compartmented
information which is even more sensitive
so the media will pretend to care about
this but I want to pay attention okay
pay attention but the media is going to
do over the next 24 hours they're gonna
shift the narrative away so already
we've seen a couple attempts to shift
the narrative away well gets a Trump in
a second they've tried to shift the
narrative this morning with President
Obama announcing he would leave 8400
troops in Afghanistan he's going out
there trying to drop any headline
anything to get Hillary out of the news
that's one to Hillary's campaigning
right now in Atlantic City she's
standing outside a defunct Trump casino
and saying that this demonstrates that
he's a bad businessperson I agree he's
not the world's best businessperson I
think that Trump should probably fly to
Benghazi right now and stand outside the
gutted embassy and do his speech talking
about how Hillary Clinton is an utter
and complete garbage show but the media
are looking for an excuse to swivel away
from this so remember during the entire
primaries there are many of us including
me who got the feeling what Trump really
knows how to play the media I mean the
man just knows how to play the media
right weenies he has them over his knee
and he's doing what he wants with them
and they're repeating all of his lines
and they're doing all the things that he
wants them to do and all the rest of
this well now it turns out that actually
that was all just play like there are
people like me also saying guys this is
the primaries they want Trump they like
the ratings they like Trump they want to
see him become the nominee and then they
will open up their guns well that's
happening and Trump is making it easy so
time for a little bit of good Trump a
bad Trump as always we begin with good
Trump yes so good Trump he he comes out
and he starts ripping on Hillary over
the over the email scandal and I have to
say Trump is is at his best when he
doesn't when when you don't have to
understand specifics to make the attack
one of his problems on this email server
scandal is he doesn't really understand
what's going on it's a little too
complex for him but he says stuff
nonetheless and it's not bad stuff so
here is Donald Trump saying that Bernie
Sanders has now lost the FBI primary
rigged very fast I learned but I used
the turmeric then all of a sudden Bernie
started using it and other people now
everyone talks about rigged but I'm
gonna keep using it because I was the
one that brought it up and I'm the one
and I asked a couple of political pros
you ever hear the word rigged it's a
rigged everything and they really it
hasn't been a thing used I guess it has
to be somewhere along the line but it
hasn't but think of Bernie Sanders who's
the most angry about this I think the
one with the most to lose is Bernie
Sanders because honestly he was waiting
for the FBI primary and guess what he
just lost today the FBI primary he lost
the FBI primary burning my foot Bernie
Oh Bernie
I feel so badly for a lot of Bernie
Sanders supporters are gonna be voting
for Trump because Bernie Sanders was
right okay so this is okay so again
everything Trump says is a kernel of
truth wrapped in a in an enormous mile
radius chaff of garbage so I love that
he says he's the only person in human
history who's ever said the government
is rigged
yes you're the only person who said that
Donald going all the way back to FDR
talking about malefactors of great
wealth
I'm sure the only person in the history
of the country who's talked about the
system being rigged you're the only
person but what he says there about
Bernie losing the FBI primary it's funny
he's does his shtick he's a comedian
he's comedian and what he says there is
exactly right then he says that
Clinton's decision was a miscarriage of
justice congratulations to him for
getting the point right and also for
using a three syllable word miscarriage
good for him so here is Donald Trump on
that I believe that what happened over
the last four or five days has been a
total miscarriage in justice and I
really believe that what happened is
shocking and it's certainly shocking to
legal scholars and I watch them and talk
to them all the time they can't believe
what happened do you mean it's General
Petraeus for others that have suffered
grave consequences for what they did
bill I think it's a great miscarriage of
justice it's a great miscarriage of
justice and the second time he gets it
right the first time he's in mist
injustice because that's what he does
but in any case he got say that that's
that's right it is a miscarriage of
justice and he continues along these
lines right Trump on attack is good
Trump right Trump on attack is happy
Trump yes
hey there Donald yeah it's Donald on
attack is the best from so here's Trump
saying that Hillary basically offered to
bribe Loretta Lynch did you see today
Hillary announced that she may consider
the Attorney General I'm not casting
aspersions on anybody other than Hillary
of course but she may consider the
attorney general who's ruling on a case
now now they're rolling on the case to
continue forward as Attorney General now
how do you make that statement when they
are gonna rule because remember what
happened the FBI makes their
recommendation and then still it's up to
the attorney general's office so Hillary
said today at least according to what I
saw on television which you can't always
believe I actually found it hard to
believe she'd say this but she said
today that we may consider the Attorney
General to go forward that's like a
bribe isn't that sort of a bribed I
think it's a bribe
edia have been going nuts I'm Trumper
saying this so the media been going nuts
on Trump for saying this I don't know
why I mean he's wrong that Hillary
herself said that she would put Lynch
for but there was a report in the New
York Times from a close confidant of
Hillary saying exactly that so he's
basically correct that Hillary Clinton
may have according to the New York Times
offered essentially a bribe to Loretta
Lynch to move forward as sort of a
backup just in case James Comey came out
the wrong way against her and finally
Trump sums up he says Obama and Clinton
is like a carnival act and he's exactly
right all this is exactly right this is
good Trump we've got a person in the
White House that's having a lot of fun a
lot of fun I watched him today it's like
a carnival Act a lot of fun moving
around is the whole thing you know great
great great I'm saying this is a
president we need a president who's
gonna bring us back we need a president
that's not going to be divisive we need
a president that's going to take care of
the african-american community remember
that remember that Obama is all talk and
no action we need a president that's
going to create jobs for Hispanics who
don't have the jobs we need a president
that's going to turn our country around
and Obama cannot do it and Hillary
Clinton will be even worse believe me
she will be even worse okay so this is
the good Trump now it's never a day of
good Trump ad from without a little bit
of bad Trump that's right so so let's
start with this Trump said some really
stupid crap yesterday the media though
are worse than Trump
okay so Trump says something terrible
because this is what he does the media
when I said earlier that this is all
been a big setup by the media this is
the proof that there's all been a big
setup by the media so let's start with
Donald Trump will start with clip we'll
start with clip 13 here is Donald Trump
talking about Saddam Hussein yesterday
this is this is yesterday so I'm him
talking about Hussein Saddam Hussein was
a bad guy right he was a bad guy really
bad guy but you know what he did well
he killed terror
he did that so good they didn't read him
the rights they didn't talk they were
terrorists who's over today Iraq is
Harvard for terrorism you want to be a
terrorist you go to Iraq I was opposed
to going in because I said you're going
to destabilize the Middle East because
you had Iraq and you had Iran and I said
they fight those fighting for decades
and decades for generations they fight
that's what they do they fight how we
ever got involved in this mess this is
hard to believe they fight and they were
equal militarily they go this way ten
feet they go this way ten feet then they
rest
a couple of years then they start
fighting again then Saddam Hussein
throws a little guess everyone goes
crazy oh excuse a gas they go back forth
it's the same and they were stabilized
and I said if you go after one or the
other in this case Iraq you're going to
destabilize them it's gonna happen so
clip one there right there's a cut in
the middle clip one is yesterday clip
two is Donald Trump nine months ago
right it's Donald Trump nine months ago
and Donald Trump nine months ago is is
saying exactly the same stupid stuff
about Saddam Hussein that he's saying
today and by the way it is stupid stuff
this idea that Saddam Hussein killed
terrorists he killed some Shia
terrorists but he was also funding Sunni
terrorists all over the world if you go
back to the rationale for invading Iraq
in the first place part of it was
because of his connections to terrorism
all over the globe including connections
to Palestinian terrorists whom he was
paying $10,000 to kill Jews including
his connections to al Qaeda including
his connections to a bunch of people who
are currently like Zarqawi major al
Qaeda leaders yes this is this is stupid
but the media jumped all over this right
the media jumped all over this this was
the big story yesterday so here's the
question why didn't they jump on this
when he said it back in September
December why didn't they why didn't they
wouldn't he do it back early in the
campaign here's Donald Trump from from
December on this topic look at Libya
look at Iraq Iraq used to be no
terrorists he would kill the terrorists
immediately it was like now it's the
Harvard of terror
a wreck if you look at Iraq from years
ago I'm not saying he was a nice guy was
a horrible guy but it was a lot better
than it is right now right now Iraq is a
training ground for terrorists okay so
as you see he's saying exactly the same
thing now that he was saying back in
December the median care back in
December they and care at all
Dave Weigel over at the Washington Post
who's of the left he wrote today by
consistently covering Trump's argument
over time and by following up on it
media outlets did their job to inform
voters that was why Tuesday night's
collective captain Reynaud a moment like
from Casablanca I'm shocked shocked to
find gambling's been going on here was
so strange and so demonstrative of why
many media consumers are skeptical of
what they're hearing instead of a debate
on the facts should Hussein have been
removed did he killed terrorists there
was a manufactured outrage straight from
a rival campaign in other words Hillary
said all of a sudden Hillary jumped on
this he's Pro and I'm Hussein lied but
he's been using this line for a year
he's been using the line for a year and
they ignored it they didn't pay
attention to it they actually used it as
a club to hit Jeb Bush with if you
recall so why all the sudden are they
attacking Trump and the answer is
they're attacking Trump because they
need a better news cycle and Trump
provided it to them and he didn't
provided to them and you're seeing the
media jump on the bandwagon and
Republicans struggling to answer because
Trump's been saying stupid stuff for a
year and he got away with a lot of the
stupid stuff for a year and now they're
gonna hit him on everything now Donald
Trump is just there they're playing
whack-a-mole with Donald Trump so here's
Paul Ryan he's not megyn kelly show last
night and and megyn kelly asks him some
very awkward questions and you'll see
Paul Ryan who always comes off to me
slightly awkward turn ful Michael Scott
here from the office
last question Snyder to rally Donald
Trump said Saddam Hussein was a bad guy
but he was very very good at killing
terrorists in response to which many
people came out and started to go
through the litany of very very bad
things that Saddam Hussein has done any
thoughts from you on he was at first
insane he was one of one of the 20th
century's most evil people he was up
there and he committed mass genocide
against his own people using chemical
weapons Thomas Paine was a bad guy okay
yes he was the fact that we have to say
this in an open campaign now
demonstrates just how bad this campaign
has become Reince Priebus he's on TV
yesterday and now he's being asked about
Donald Trump and
in his Jewish star tweet by the way I
thought the best commentary on this came
courtesy of the KKK is David Duke who
said wait a second you're saying this is
a sheriff's star I missed that one
here's Reince Priebus trying to downplay
that particular controversy guy that did
this tweet talked about it he went
through every step of how he picked out
the star from the from Microsoft I think
it's called Microsoft Paint and picked
out the star realized obviously very
quickly that was not a smart idea went
back and changed it to a circle I mean
III think that they sort of you know
owned this and and changed it but you
know you obviously don't want to see
things like that mistakes like that
happen in the future but I think they
they figured it out and they fixed it
now they figured it out and they fixed
it you know just the pan ring do they
alright they fix it
here's the point the media are terrible
they are they're bit they're corrupt
they're obviously and Hillary Clinton's
side Donald Trump just keeps giving them
material
can you imagine what an actual
discipline candidate would be doing
today can you imagine an actual
discipline candidate saying anything but
Hillary Hillary Hillary over and over
and over how many times have I said in
the last two weeks on this show people
who are not planning on voting Trump
like me it would make it difficult for
me politically if all that Trump did was
just say Hillary Hillary Hillary over
and over until the election but he can't
he can't all he does is provide new
headlines from left right that's bad
Trump he can't help himself he just
can't help himself and that's the big
problem so yes Hillary is a criminal and
and Donald Trump is criminally
incompetent that's what this comes down
to I mean aside from all the other flaws
with him and so yeah again I think that
for the next couple of weeks you'll see
some recriminations about Hillary
Clinton and then the media will say
listen it's over there's nothing we can
do about it it's not that big a deal she
wasn't indicted and Hillary will go on
attack against Trump by the way you know
it's interesting I was watching a little
bit of Hillary Clinton today in Atlantic
City speaking about Trump and Chris
Christie she had a great line about
chris Christie she said that Chris
Christie looks like Donald Trump is
didn't go send him to pick up his
cleaning and I thought to myself you
know everybody kept saying that that
Trump was the only one who could take
Hillary what if Trump dragging Hillary
into the mud is the best thing for
Hillary what if that's the best thing
for Hillary what if that's where Hillary
is most comfortable Hillary pretends
she's most comfortable talking policy
but what if you know
and I have this kind of conception also
through through most of the campaign
what if actually Hillary Clinton is most
comfortable slinging mud and and knifing
people what if that's what she's most
comfortable with what if she's just been
waiting for an opportunity in her
political career to unleash nasty
Hillary because we know she's nasty what
if she's just been waiting until she can
stand in front of Atlantic City casinos
and calls from a continent Trump a con
man and a liar and suggest that he's
that he's fleeced people what if that's
how she what if that's what she loves
best and I think honestly the campaign
making that turn I think is probably
very good for her okay time for things I
like and things I hate okay things I
like so I'm doing westerns this week so
my favorite Clint Eastwood film is not
some of the Clint Eastwood films that
are more modern I I'm I think American
sniper is a good film I don't think it's
a great film and then Gran Torino is a
good film I don't think it's a great
film I still think that Clint Eastwood's
best film is Unforgiven the 1992 Western
with Gene Hackman and if you haven't
seen it it's really a nihilistic it's
really dark but it's really good it's
all about kind of legend making of the
West it was a matter of Honor thousand
dollars whatever kills are two boys a
couple ala in a time when lawmen were
killers
new English Bob outlaws for Heroes well
I thought that you were dead
hell I even thought it was dead telethon
out it was just in Nebraska send up bad
reputation you're the one who killed
William Harvey rob that train over
Missouri was as good as gold
my guess is you're calling yourself mr.
William Munny
say what you look no meaner than hell
cold-blooded damn killer
I'd like that any market thousand
dollars reward will nobody's gonna come
you still have that Spencer rifle huh
yeah my partner you don't go I don't go
what's it come to you three wait just
cuz we're going on this killin that
don't mean I'm gonna go back to being
the way I was are you really gonna kill
them Cowboys like assassins or the
farmers
I guess they have to come we all have to
come and kick some legends will never be
forgotten some wrongs can never be
forgiven
they man don't want to get killed better
clear out the back
it's a great movie it's it's it's
Eastwood's best film it's really complex
it's really interesting because you know
they they play Eastwood as the hero in
the preview and they play Hackman is
sort of the villain but that's not
really how the movie goes there
everybody's both a hero and a villain
it's it's a really interesting film all
about how legends get made okay time for
some things that I hate okay so there's
this activist there's an amazing story
that is from Mediaite a german rape
victim admitted in an interview with Der
Spiegel
she lied about her rapists ethnicities
because she wanted to avoid sparking a
backlash against refugees you getting
this in January Selene Goran was
attacked by three men in the city of
Mannheim and forced to perform a sex act
Goran who works as a refugee activist in
a spokeswoman of the left-wing
organization solid told her told police
her attackers spoke German and were a
mixed group of foreigners and locals
twelve hours later she returned to the
police admitted she lied her attackers
were all foreigners they were speaking
Arabic and farsi why did she lie she
said she wanted to avoid the controversy
caused when a group of migrants sexually
assaulted and robbed over a hundred
people on New Year's Eve in Cologne she
so it really hurts me it is that is that
it is a fact that the sexist
over-the-line incident that happened to
me will inevitably lead to more
aggression and racism you getting this
so she lied about the people who raped
her because she didn't want it to cast
aspersions on the group to which those
people belong that's it this is suicidal
leftism in a nutshell this is suicidal
leftism they'll bomb buildings they'll
shoot people in a nightclub they'll rape
women but we can't name who the people
are because we're afraid that it'll lead
all of these crazy reactionary
right-wing rednecks to go out and start
killing Muslims in the street is it just
possible that maybe we should be worried
about a group of people not Muslims
generally but a group of people who we
can't vet a group of people who have no
concept of women's rights should we
maybe worry about that a little bit more
than the average Swiss national I mean
this is this is nutty stuff you're
willing to let the rapists get off
because you don't want people to have
misperceptions about the larger group
and this is it's amazing but this is the
left in a nutshell but left is willing
to allow the bad guys to get away with
it because they think in essence they
think that we're really the bad guys
right the people who rape this woman
they're not the bad guys the real bad
guys are the people who post on internet
forums about the people who rape these
women and
it happened to be Muslim it's it's
amazing it's amazing okay so another
thing that I hate so the big news story
of the day and it's starting to gain a
little bit of steam now is this alton
sterling shootin alton sterling is a is
a fellow who lived in Baton Rouge
Louisiana and he was selling CDs 37
year-old man fatally shot by police on
video after selling CDs and this is
according to the New York Daily News he
was nice he wasn't a bad guy a friend
and customer Darian Gardner told The
Advocate after Sterling's brutal death
he was respectable so we'll show you the
video it really isn't graphic you really
don't see much but basically what
happens is that the police take this guy
down he's resisting arrest they tried to
tase him apparently an anonymous 9-1-1
caller said sterling was carrying a gun
and threatened someone before he was
killed outside the triple-s Food Mart a
store owner named Abdullah mu flaw he
said he never saw sterling get into a
confrontation apparently he had started
carrying a weapon after a friend was
mugged this is according to the the
store owner so the police tackle him and
we'll watch the tape in a second the
police tackle him and they're on top of
him and then they start calling gun and
you see them shoot him now it is worth
noting here that sterling was a
registered sex offender after a 2000
conviction for carnal knowledge of
juvenile okay means that he was be raped
a kid presumably er had sex with a kid
that's a carnal knowledge of a juvenile
means the circumstances of the case were
not immediately clear he was released
for his offense in October 2004 he'd
been arrested for aggravated battery
criminal damage to property unauthorized
and domestic that abuse battery an
authorized to enter a domestic abuse
battery he was sentenced to five years
in prison in 2009 for marijuana
possession and carrying in the legal
weapon with a controlled dangerous
substance he was on probation when he
died he would not have been allowed to
carry a gun so those are all the
circumstances that we know that's from
the New York Daily News not from aides
from the New York Daily News okay so now
you know about Alton sterling so here is
the tape and then we'll tell you what
the reaction has been
so you can't see this at somebody
shooting through a car window basically
so it's you're hearing the meal get on
the ground get on the ground right they
shoot back up to here are the cops
they're tackling the guy right cuz he
gets up he's resisting arrest they
tackle him again
now you've got two officers on top of
him you can't see his arms in this tape
right you can't see the guy's arms and
then you're gonna see that one of the
officers goes for his gun Brian can see
out in a second
they say gun gun they take out their
guns and they're holding him down at
point-blank range right and then they
start shooting both officers draw their
guns and start shooting and that's the
entirety of the tape that you can see
right there's just people yelling okay
so that's the entirety of the tape that
you can see now if you're a jury if your
trailers put you in the spot of the jury
for a second we're gonna do all three
people okay so we're gonna do the jury
we're gonna do the the person on the
ground we're gonna do the cops so if
you're the jury you see this tape this
tape looks like two officers at
point-blank range shooting the guy it
also is true that the officers are
claiming and tape shows they're very
shouting gun like he's going for a gun
right like he's going for a gun one
thing you cannot see is his hands in
this tape right mathis could you see his
hands here you can't see his hands
there's no way to see his hands in the
state because his hands were behind the
car so there's no way to tell what he's
doing with his hands and if he goes for
the gun with his hands and his hands are
free and if he gets his hands on the gun
then presumably he could shoot one of
the cops right so there's no way to tell
so if I'm see if this does not look like
you know it doesn't look like based on
this evidence only that this is a
racially motivated killing based on this
evidence maybe it is maybe there's
another angle that shows that they just
faked it that they shouted gun by the
way he did have a gun on him apparently
and they took a gun out of his pocket as
well one of the witnesses claims now
witness testimony and this stuff is
really tough because people have their
biases remember in the Michael Brown
case there's witness testimony the
original witness testimony was that
Michael Brown was walking down the
street hands up don't shoot and hands in
the air I'm surrendering right and it
turned out not to be true at all in this
tape all you can see is what you can see
I can't make conclusions based on what I
can't see I can't see the guy's hands
all I can see are the cops shouting gun
and then shooting him that's all that I
can see and I think it's all that
anybody can see that's not stopping the
left wing Pratt
from turning this into it's a lynching
he wasn't doing anything wrong they shot
him at point-blank range for no reason I
don't know if it was for no reason maybe
it was if I see an angle where he's not
going for a gun and he's lying there
docile you know his hands were nowhere
near his pockets and he's not going for
a gun then yeah this is a really bad
kill and they're going to jail and they
should go to jail but if all we have
here is this that's not enough to
convict anybody and it's certainly not
enough to suggest that these guys are
just out there to do a racial killing
that this is just a racial lynching just
like all the other supposed racial
lynchings in America by the way if you
were gonna go out and presumably just
kill a black guy for fun you wouldn't do
it in a crowded area surrounded by other
black people with with cell phone
cameras I would assume but again maybe
other tape comes out now there's been a
couple suspicious things about this that
have been reported I don't know if
they're true yet so we'll tell you what
the rumors are and then we'll see if
they turn out to be true one is that
they both had body cams on them but
because they were tackling the guy the
body cams stopped operating which would
be unfortunate if it turns out that's
not true I'm sure the tape will come out
apparently also there was some footage
from different angles at the store and
the rumor was that the cops had gone in
and taken the entire cameras instead of
releasing the footage if that's true
obviously that's a problem too that's
obstruction of justice as well as
presumably obstruction of justice over a
first-degree murder so we'll find out if
all of that's true but just based on
this tape and that's all anybody's seen
so far just based on this tape it's too
early it's too early after of your
judgment right you have to reserve your
judgment and you especially have to
reserve your judgment based on the fact
that the guy was resisting arrest they'd
have a gun in his pocket had a prior
history of run-ins with the cops right
so you have to reserve judgment that's
all I'm not saying the officers are
innocent I'm not saying they're guilty
you have to reserve judgment I don't
know why this is so tough the left has a
problem with reserving judgment
so they'll reserve judgment about
Hillary Clinton after all the facts are
out after all the facts are out but
before any of the facts are out in this
case they're already saying that these
officers are guilty and they should go
to prison for life and their marches in
the streets and I'm sure President Obama
will comment today about this is just
another incident with racist Police
Department's etc etc because this is
what the left does it doesn't matter if
the evidence isn't out there when I
asked for evidence that's not a bad
thing evidence is a good thing
evidence is a useful thing so we said
we'll be the jury so that's the jury
perspective the guy on the grounds
perspective okay so a couple of things
about that folks
for the love of God don't resist arrest
you resist arrest all you're doing is
putting yourself in an escalated
situation you're putting yourself in a
higher probability situation of
something bad happening to you via the
cops that doesn't mean that if you
didn't grab for his gun the cops didn't
do something terribly wrong obviously it
does mean that you know for the sake of
everybody let's all not resist arrest
let's do that now from the perspective
of the cops let's say let's take it both
ways one if the guy didn't go for his
gun and both cops just started shooting
him obviously terrible kill they're
going to jail and they should go to jail
second if you're in the cop mindset then
you've got a guy where you tase him and
he doesn't go down and then he resists
arrest and he doesn't go down and then
you tackle him and he's still struggling
against you and then he starts to reach
for a gun you're not gonna sit around
waiting to see whether you go home that
night if he reached for a gun
he's getting shot he's getting shot for
good reason and the idea that these cops
are working in a heavily black area like
that in Rouge Louisiana specifically
because they want to target black people
it's a weird way to go about doing it
it's a weird way to go about doing it so
we'll see what it looks like when all
the evidence is in but people aren't
waiting they're already broadcasting all
of the incendiary footage on the news
Alton Sterling's who is this his son
Elton sterling son I guess he had five
kids and and he and the son is obviously
very upset that his dad got shot we've
been saying the individuals involved in
his murder took away a man with children
who depended upon
their daddy on a daily basis my son is
not the youngest he is the oldest of his
siblings he is 15 years old he had to
watch this and this was clear all over
the outlet and everything that was
possible to be shown
and some make no LT soul CDs I was doing
just that not bothering anyone
I had the consent of the store owners as
well and in the event they recorded
knowing the two offices now we could
reflect on a measure of a man it should
not be judged on his pants okay so she's
saying don't pay attention to his
criminal record oh that's all that's
fine I mean the incident is what the
incidence is in his prior criminal
history really doesn't matter very much
except that when the officers approached
him presumably they're gonna be a little
more wary knowing that he has a criminal
history heartbreaking footage obviously
of the kid and you see the guy there
next to her wearing the Trayvon Martin
hoodie and I have to say that this this
generalized attempt to make every
situation into a racist killing even
after the Trayvon Martin jury came back
said this was not a racial killing
Trayvon Martin was pounding this guy's
head against the pavement you know it's
it's it's unfortunate it's unfortunate
because we should all have sympathy for
the relatives of people who are killed
wrongfully obviously I mean you can't
watch that footage you not be
heartbroken for the kid I mean it's just
an awful awful awful all the way through
but we don't know yet what happened we
don't know yet what happened and it's an
it's a mistake to to believe everything
that's said by everybody on TV about
these circumstances for example Elton
Sterling's aunt right she here's what
she had to say about the about this
situation
that there was an anonymous person who
called 911 and said there was a guy
selling CDs who we believe to be your
nephew who had threatened him with a gun
did your nephew have a gun no my never
would never have a gun because of your
situation many more have occurred but
what does that mean mean that he was
coming a little trouble with alone he
would never have a gun he was on
probation but he was taken off but in
the state of Louisiana he cannot carry a
cannot carry a weapon because of his
previous incident he cannot carry a
weapon and his previous incident does he
have a history of violence no we don't
have any truth no no he was he was like
a gentle giant
hey gentle child don't stop it right
there I mean that's all that there is to
say about this gentle giant if you
remember that phrase that was the exact
phrase exact phrase used about Michael
Brown who is anything but a gentle giant
Michael Brown hood strong-armed to store
five minutes beforehand people were
calling him a gentle giant they're doing
this routine now with with this fellow
he never would have had a gun how does
she know that she doesn't know that and
it turns out that he did have a gun on
him it turns out that he did have a gun
on him so don't believe all of the
witness testimony that you hear yet not
until there's verifiable proof not until
all the witnesses have come out because
immediately see people know you know
witnesses know that the media will
descend on you during one of these one
of these shooting incidents and they
know the story that that is going to is
going to push a particular point of view
politically and in the media and there
are people who are willing to reflect
that maybe they're telling the truth
maybe they are we'll see but don't buy
everything first first order and that's
what we're watching we're watching Sally
cone do this routine we're watching
watching Amy Schumer coming out and
suggesting that it's a bad shoot
immediately without without any of the
evidence in at this point when she says
that that you know he was a gentle giant
the man was convicted for domestic abuse
batteries there's that he was previously
arrested for aggressive for aggravated
battery which isn't just you know
battery that's like bad battery it's
like you beat someone up in a serious
way so all I'm saying is the the
tendency of the media is to is to
immediately jump on these stories and
turn them into the biggest racial deal
in the world it's more important at this
point to actually wait for all the facts
to come out and then we can make a
judgement then maybe I'm with you then
maybe I'm protesting with you but until
I get all the facts I can't protest
anything because I just don't know I
just don't know what the facts are well
may have more of those facts tomorrow
hopefully we will tomorrow of course is
also the mailbag so if you want to
subscribe it daily wire.com you too can
be part of the vaunted ben shapiro show
mailbag the greatest mailbag in the
history of the world on the number one
conservative podcast in America thanks
to you we'll be back tomorrow i'm ben
shapiro this is the ben shapiro show
