yesterday was Independence Day so
naturally the left has America was never
great trending on Twitter it's an
argument that's found some pretty
serious support on the left in response
to Donald Trump's campaign slogan make
America great again Shawn King who's the
white guy who pretends he's a black eye
for the New York Daily News he
explicitly made the case for America was
never great back in May said quote what
sustained period in the history of this
nation what decade what era what
generation was truly great for everybody
well this country might have been great
for George Washington it wasn't great
for the Africans who were forced to live
and work on his plantation unquote this
is a rather narrow definition of great
it ignores all of world history
including modern history and sets utopia
as the objective bar for greatness let's
instead look at America's record in
context when America was founded no
other nation on earth
had the Great and good philosophy
America would embody the notion of a
kingless constitutional republic a land
of liberty based on limited government
given legitimacy by the consent of a
moral and religious people as Andrew
Klavan who's usually unintelligent but
here was smart pointed out quote now
because of what America showed the world
even the darkest tyrannies have to call
themselves Republic's simply to maintain
a pretense of legitimacy unquote
American notions of free speech freedom
of religion these became the hallmarks
of human rights all over the globe
American beliefs in freedom against
governmental intrusion became the basic
definition of Liberty for most of human
history virtually every society on earth
held slaves America fought a bloody
civil war ending in the deaths of
hundreds of thousands of non black
Americans in order to end slavery in the
20th century while the world decayed
into fascism the United States tried to
destroy it and in Japanese
totalitarianism and German Nazism and
Italian fascism then while half the
globe descended into communist madness
the United States rebuilt the other half
of the globe
contained and finally forced the
collapse of the monstrous communist
system America's free economic policies
came to dominate the globe liberating
literally billions of people from the
chains of abject poverty
yes America was great America is great
that's why everybody wants in and why
nobody even on the Left wants out but
for the left that thinks America was
never great the solution is the
destruction of all those foundational
principles that made us great in the
first place destruction of the nuclear
family in the name of sexual license at
and traditional religion racial division
in the name of multiculturalism
unfettered immigration without regard to
cultural differences a growing welfare
state that creates dependency none of
that makes America great or even good to
keep America great requires
understanding the values that made us
great in the first place our educational
system has totally failed to teach
Americans those values so it's no wonder
America's children now spit in her face
but that merely means it's our job to
educate after all as Ronald Reagan said
freedom is never more than one
generation away from extinction
it's our responsibility to ensure that
generation never arrives i'm ben shapiro
this is the ben shapiro show tends to
demonize people don't care about your
feelings already so even as I say that
freedom is never more than one
generation away from extinction it
basically died like 30 minutes ago 45
minutes it turns out that if your last
name is Clinton you can break the law as
much as you could possibly hope to or
want to so to set the stage for this you
have to remember that last week
President Clinton Hillary's husband the
one that she's famous for right she's
only famous because she once had sex
with Bill Clinton the only proof being
Chelsea right that's the only reason
she's famous she her husband met with
Loretta Lynch the Attorney General on
this plane and then Hillary said it was
purely social there's nothing to see
here everything is just fine here as
Hillary explaining that over the weekend
they talked about grandkids which is
very much on our minds these days Walt
had a mutual friend former attorney
General Janet Reno it was purely social
they did not appear often speaking about
those kinds of you know very common
exchanges then in veer off but that's
all they talked about yeah that is a
bunch of crap and then she says by the
way that she only learned about the
meeting on the news just like President
Obama only learns about stuff on the
news there's Hillary explaining that she
only learned about this on the news well
I learned about it in the news I and it
was a short chance meeting
at an airport tarmac both of their
planes as I understand it we're landing
on the same tarmac at about the same
time and the Attorney General's husband
was there they said hello okay and then
the music started playing pendant on and
okay so Hillary Clinton said Hillary
Clinton says it was all just a big
coincidence she only found out about it
on the news except for the New York
Observer which reported that bills stuck
around on the tarmac hoping Loretta
Lynch would show up so they could have a
chat so they chat last week and
everybody goes wait a second something
seems fishy about this and the Clintons
say no nothing fishy about this at all
over the weekend report from the New
York Times Hillary says that maybe she
would consider keeping Loretta Lynch as
her Attorney General in her new
administration noting corrupt about any
of this fucked then President Obama
announces that he's going to fly down to
North Carolina with Hillary Clinton on
Air Force One which by the way she
should not be doing because that's our
taxpayer dollars to pay for Air Force
One we should be paying for her
campaigning and apparently she says now
she's gonna cover part of the cost part
of it we covered the rest she flies down
to North Carolina but still there's this
looming issue of FBI indictment over her
head what's gonna happen if the FBI
comes out and says that Hillary Clinton
is actually guilty of setting up a
private server to store classified
information top-secret information
transmitting that information to people
who it shouldn't be transmitted to
making it vulnerable to foreign hack
what happens if the FBI announces that
well this morning they announced the FBI
announces we're gonna have a press
conference James Comey we're not gonna
tell you why it's a big secret but I'm a
press conference this morning about
eight o'clock Pacific time 11 o'clock
Eastern President Obama is scheduled to
speak with Hillary Clinton like right
now as we're taping this president as
we're broadcasting this Hillary is about
to join President Obama's like 225 this
afternoon Eastern Time they're supposed
to campaign together and the FBI just on
that day happens to announce what it's
going to do with Hillary if this is all
just a little bit too cinematic to you
you're not the only one as my business
partner
managing editor Jeremy Boren says
there's like The Godfather right is the
end of The Godfather with Michael
Corleone taking confession as Clemenza
shoots people in an elevator right
that's what this is so as Hillary and
Obama are descending onto the tarmac in
North Carolina as all that's happening
FBI director James Comey comes out and
he announces that yeah it turns out
Hillary violated
in law in the book what what can you do
what can you do I mean it's not like
she's guilty of any I mean she's guilty
of everything but it's not like she's
guilty of anything and she's Hillary
Clinton come on
here's FBI directors clip 19 James Comey
first he leads off by making this is the
weirdest press conference ever because
he starts off by saying no one knows
that I'm going to say bull bull you
think Obama's descending onto a tarmac
with Hillary Clinton and tow on a plane
getting ready for him to campaign with
her not knowing what James commis gonna
do does Obama seem that risk seeking to
you that he's gonna get up there and
then he was just gonna start talking
with Hillary next to him and then all of
a sudden the FBI shows up just drag
story huh and he's just dead and go what
I don't know what's the time what Oh Joe
Biden Joe Biden come on out like did you
really think that's what was going on of
course he knew what Comey was gonna say
so Comey starts this thing off by saying
no one knows I'm gonna say it's a big
big surprise I have a hat here is there
a rabbit in there or is there a piece of
turd who knows it could be anything
okay so then he proceeds for ten minutes
ten minutes to lay out a series of
hardcore charges against Hillary Clinton
I'm watching this and I know where this
is going I mean I know where this is
going but while I'm watching someone
wait wait maybe it's not going here
right because he's he lays out the
charges he lays out our so clearly
felonious
so clearly felonious so clearly
violative of law that you're thinking
he's gonna get to the end of this
iteration and he's gonna say and now I'm
referring to Loretta Lynch that they
prosecute this case and take it to a
grand jury
remember his recommendation and Loretta
Lynch's decision that's not even about
prosecuting that's about taking it to a
grand jury to decide whether to
prosecute I tell you think that's where
he's going that's not where he ends up
going here is James Comey laying out why
Hillary basically should be prosecuted
and then at the very end it's like he
remembers it's like the switch clicks
and he remembers wait a second
my boss is President Obama and Hillary
Clinton was campaigning with President
Obama so we're just not gonna do that so
he starts off by saying that Hillary was
lying about her server which she was
here we go
Secretary Clinton used several different
servers and administrators of those
servers during her four years at the
State Department
and she also used numerous mobile
devices to send and to read email on
that personal domain okay so that's a
line number one remember when she said
she set up the private server because
she only wanted one blackberry you
remember that not true right she had
multiple multiple devices on which she
was viewing things and by the way she
had more than one server it wasn't just
one in her bathroom shed one in many
bathrooms basically any place that bill
had sex in the house with someone not
her she had a server okay
then she contento me continues by saying
oh yeah here's another lie right it
turns out that hillary did in fact
transmit classified information from the
group of 30,000 emails returned to the
State Department in 2014 one hundred and
ten emails in 52 email chains have been
determined by the owning agency to
contain classified information at the
time they were sent or received eight of
those chains contained information that
was top-secret at the time they were
sent thirty-six of those chains
contained secret information at the time
an eight contained confidential
information at the time that's the
lowest level of classification Sookie so
he's saying here yes classified
information was on her server also you
remember she kept saying it was not
marked classified when it was sent or
received okay well here's the thing and
he points this out later he says that he
says later in this press conference it
doesn't matter whether it was marked
classified it either is classified
material or it's not classified material
its marked classified later but you're
not supposed to be sending this stuff
and when she said it wasn't classified
when it was sent or received
he keeps saying sent or received here
because he's ripping her apart right
he's saying she was lying this was all
classified 110 emails in 52 email chains
I'm shocked it's that low my guess is
it's not that low my guess is that some
of the documents that were destroyed by
Hillary's lawyers contained classified
information later here he'll say that
Hillary's lawyers absolutely destroyed a
bunch of material as he says so he
continues by saying that the he
continues by saying that Hillary did not
hand over all her emails murder said she
hands it over all her emails yeah that's
not true either agencies have concluded
that three of those were classified at
the time there
sent or received one at the secret level
and two at the confidential level there
were no additional top secret emails
found and finally none of those we found
have since been up classified I should
add here that we found no evidence that
any of the additional work-related
emails were intentionally deleted in an
effort to conceal them in some way okay
so I'm not sure why we're getting caught
music in the background like someone's
gonna come and arrest Hillary Clinton
but in any case the what she's what what
he's saying there is that she didn't
turn over a bunch of emails including
emails that were classified one at a
secret level a couple at the
confidential level and then he says
Hillary's lawyers didn't read the emails
they deleted they just went through her
email chin looked at the look at the
title of the email and then just deleted
everything and he says we can't get
those back they're gone there's no way
to get them back they're finished here's
what he said
the lawyers doing the sorting for
Secretary Clinton in 2014 did not
individually read the content of all of
her emails as we did for those available
to us instead they relied on header
information and they used search terms
to try to find all work-related emails
among the reportedly more than 60,000
that were remaining on her system at the
end of 2014 it's highly likely that
their search missed some work-related
emails and that we later found them for
example in the mailboxes of other
officials or in the slack space of a
server it's also likely that there are
other work-related emails that they did
not produce the state and that we did
not find elsewhere and that are now gone
because they deleted all emails they did
not produce to state and the lawyers
then clean their devices in such a way
as to preclude complete forensic what
okay so there's no crime there so her
lawyers went in found emails didn't read
them just deleted them and then deleted
them off their servers wiped them so
that the FBI couldn't get ahold of them
there's no crime there though there's no
crime says James Comey and then he
finally admits here I love that he says
there's no intent there's no intent but
it turns out that Hilary's team was
quote extremely careless what will point
out this language here because the
language of the statute under which she
should be prosecuted says that you only
require not intent gross negligence if
you are grossly negligent with
classified
material you go to jail what's the
difference between extremely careless
and grossly negligent
there is no difference it's the same
damn thing if you say if I say you're
extremely careless driving me sideswiped
a kid that's me saying you were grossly
negligent driving any sideswiped the kid
extreme negligence extreme carelessness
gross negligence same exact thing same
exact thing but Comey says well you know
she was extremely careless but does it
mean she's gonna go to jail here's him
explaining she was extremely careless
although we did not find clear evidence
that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues
intended to violate laws governing the
handling of classified information
there is evidence ok we're extremely
careless ok in there positive for one
second he says we didn't there's no
evidence that there was intent right
there's no evidence that there was
intent
you don't need evidence of intent ok let
me explain something about law folks as
a lawyer when it says intent what it
means under law is intent to commit the
act so for example if I get into a car
drunk I don't have to intend to
sideswipe a child in order to be held
responsible for first-degree murder the
intense lies in me having intent to
drink and having intent to get in the
car ok if I if I violate prescriptions
unclassified information if I violate
those prescriptions unclassified
information then it's not that I intend
to turn those over to the Russians it's
I intended to put those in a place where
it's vulnerable and then the Russians
came and took them that's when intent
means no one intends for bad things to
happen people intend to do things that
result in bad things that's the standard
of intent so he's not even right on this
if you're extremely careless in how you
treat your emails that doesn't that
that's extreme carelessness with regard
to what happens to the emails after you
put them there but you intended to put
them there by law under the standard of
why you intended to take those emails
and put them in a place where they were
you knew they weren't safe that's
intense
that's intense under the law but he's
trying to make a distinction that
doesn't exist so he can make an excuse
for not doing his job here's James Comey
again they're handling a very sensitive
highly classified information
for example seven email chains concern
matters that were classified at the top
secret special access program at the
time they were sent and received those
chains involve Secretary Clinton both
sending emails about those matters and
receiving emails about those same
matters there is evidence to support a
conclusion that any reasonable person in
secretary Clinton's position or in the
position of those with whom she was
corresponding about those matters should
have known that an unclassified system
was no place for that conversation in
addition to this highly sensitive
information we also found information
that was properly classified as secret
by the US intelligence community at the
time it was discussed on email that is
excluding any later up classified emails
none of these emails should have been on
any kind of unclassified system but
their presence is especially concerning
because all of these emails were housed
on unclassified personal servers not
even supported by full-time security
staff like those found at agencies and
departments of the United States
government or even with a commercial
email service like Gmail okay this is
unbelievable so he's saying she put it
on a place that's not even not even as
secure as Gmail not even as secure as
view but don't worry she didn't commit a
crime
folks unfortunately we're out of time on
the Facebook live feed you need to go to
Daley wire comm to subscribe for the
rest of the show there's a lot more here
we're gonna unpack all of it tell you
just how much of a criminal she is what
are the ramifications for the election
can Trump take advantage we're gonna
talk about all of those things and more
daily wired.com also you can listen to
it a little bit later from SoundCloud or
from iTunes but we'll see you tomorrow
if not but go to Daley wire.com and
subscribe so you can see the rest of
this cuz it really is important stuff
all right
so Hillary Clinton apparently she says
that this classified in for me was this
classified material was not passing
across her server Comey says yeah we
know that it was passing across her
server I love that he says nobody no one
reasonable no reasonable person should
have been putting these emails on an
unclassified system this is all the
lead-up to an indictment you get this
everything he's saying everything he's
saying supports an indictment all of it
every single piece
supports an indictment right and then
Comey hits with the final the final note
here and his final mode is Hillary's
server could have been hacked right
that's why this matters because our
enemies probably knew what Hillary was
saying to all of the other governmental
agents and to people outside the
government this would be clip 25 here's
Comey
with respect to potential computer
intrusion by hostile actors we did not
find direct evidence that secretary
Clinton's personal email domain in its
various configuration since 2009 was
hacked successfully but given the nature
of the system and of the actors
potentially involved we assess we would
be unlikely to see such direct evidence
we do assess that hostile actors gained
access to the private commercial email
accounts of people with whom Secretary
Clinton was in regular contact from her
personal account we also assess that
Secretary Clinton's use of a personal
email domain was both known by a large
number of people and readily apparent
she also used her personal email
extensively while outside the United
States including sending and receiving
work-related emails in the territory of
sophisticated adversaries given that
combination of factors we assess it is
possible that hostile actors gained
access to secretary Clinton's personal
email account unbelievable unbelievabl
so foreign powers had access to Hillary
Clinton's emails but still no crime and
here's where Comey gets to the the punch
line because all this is a big joke I
was just a big big joke if you're a
YouTube filmmaker Hillary Clinton
doesn't like you go to jail you go to
jail if you take the tag off your
mattress at home gang you could go to
jail but if you take classified
information top-secret classified
information stored on a private server
because you don't want anybody else
having access to your private emails if
you then convey it to people who are
hacked by the Russian government and you
do all of this cuz you just don't care
don't worry you won't go to jail so long
as your last name is Clinton and you
want Ted sex with Bill that's the rule
here's here's James Comey basically
acknowledging the law just doesn't apply
to Hillary Clinton to be clear this is
not to suggest that in similar
circumstances a person who engaged in
this activity would face no
consequences to the contrary those
individuals are often subject to
security or administrative sanctions but
that's not what we're deciding now okay
so in other words if you're not hillary
clinton or going to jail right now
that's what he just said he said it
right out right out there he just says
it spits it out I mean it's an amazing
and amazing admission it just comes out
there and he says that anybody write
anybody else
under similar circumstances would face
consequences but not Hillary Clinton but
not Hillary Clinton you go to hell you
and your government go to hell I mean
this is corruption at the highest level
it's corruption at the highest level and
then call me explains why he says
charges aren't appropriate I'm gonna
tear this legal reasoning apart because
it's absolute nonsense
although there is evidence of potential
violations of the statutes regarding the
handling of classified information our
judgment is that no reasonable
prosecutor would bring such a case
prosecutors necessarily weigh a number
of factors before deciding whether to
bring charges there are obvious
considerations like the strength of the
evidence especially regarding intent
responsible decisions also consider the
context of a person's actions and how
similar situations have been handled in
the past in looking back at our
investigations into the mishandling or
removal of classified information we
cannot find a case that would support
bringing criminal charges on these facts
all the cases prosecuted involved some
combination of clearly intentional and
willful mishandling of classified
information or vast quantities of
information exposed in such a way as to
support an inference of intentional
misconduct or indications of disloyalty
to the United States or efforts to
obstruct justice we do not see those
things here okay that's amazing so we
should stop it there this is and then he
says he's not gonna recommend indictment
okay so here are the things that he just
pointed out he says that all the prior
cases involved a combination of clear
fully into clearly intentionally and
willful mishandling of classified
information she did that she did that
she clearly intentionally mishandled
classified information it's the only
reason to set up a server my god okay
that's not what intent means intent
doesn't mean she sent an error
to Vladimir Putin with all her documents
it means she had intent to put them in a
place that was not safe if my wife if my
wife stuck documents in her purse and
took them out to her car that violated
HIPPA she would be looking at jail time
right now she'd be looking at jail time
right now that's number one then he says
the vast quantities of material exposed
in such a way as to support an inference
of intentional misconduct okay now he's
talking about a different type of intent
suit he's doing there
now the intentional misconduct is she
wanted the Russians to have it but
clearly she exposed vast quantities of
material in a way that made it possible
for the Russians to have it and then she
says disloyalty to the United States
okay no one's accusing her of being a
traitor
but people are accusing her rightly so
of putting her own interests ahead of
those of the United States and finally
efforts to obstruct justice
the only reason folks the only reason to
set up a private server is to obstruct
justice that's the only reason she
didn't put on Gmail where it's
discoverable she then had her lawyers
wipe it down what does that sound like
to you you know fire you have to stretch
to come to this ridiculous conclusion
you know how far you have to go to get
here I mean this is insanity this is
true insanity and it's it's just another
it's just another piece of evidence that
the law does not matter to the Obama
administration or to the Clintons that
rule of law in the United States is
utterly dead it's dead all the way
through it's just it's amazing it's
amazing thing and again it's not amazing
because I didn't expect it but there's a
difference between expecting to be
clocked in the face and actually being
clocked in the face and America just got
clocked in the face let me go through
the statutes of which Hillary Clinton is
actually guilty and let me show you it's
not did you mean to hand over the
documents to the Russians as liar James
Comey is putting his line here he's
lying here okay 18 US Code 793 this one
she is clearly guilty under okay it's a
statute F quote the statute explicitly
states
whoever entrusted with or having lawful
possession or control of any document
through gross negligence permits the
same to be removed from its proper place
of custody or having knowledge that the
same has been illegally removed from its
proper place of custody shall be fined
under this title or imprisoned not more
than 10 years or both understand gross
permitting documents to be removed from
its proper place of custody the server
he acknowledges was an improper place of
custody and he says she was quote
extremely careless does that sound like
gross negligence to you every element of
this law was violated this is a felony
it carries ten years in prison Hillary
Clinton's off scot-free
because she's Hillary Clinton
unbelievable how about 18 USC 1924
Section 1924 this statute says any
employee of the United States who quote
knowingly removes classified documents
without authority and with the intent to
retain such documents at an unauthorized
location shall be fined under this title
or in prison for not more than one year
or both this is why she set up a server
that's the whole reason to set up a
server 18 USC 798 USC is US code
the statute says anyone who quote uses
in any manner prejudicial to the safety
or interest of the United States any
classified information shall be fine or
imprisoned not more than 10 years or
both okay she clearly used the
information in a way prejudicial to the
safety of the United States by putting
it on her own server for her own
personal purposes finally 18 USC 20 71
this statute says anyone who has custody
of classified material and quote
willfully and unlawfully conceals and
removes mutilates obliterates falsifies
ur destroys the same shall be fined
under this title or imprisoned not more
than three years we know Comey said
Hillary destroyed documents they found
it elsewhere including classified
material including classified material
yes she is guilty yes she should be
going to jail no the law does not
require the sort of intent James Comey
is talking about he is a liar he is a
liar he is a politically motivated liar
okay all that said all that says was the
media joined today host I of relieved
sigh of relief everything's fine now you
see now everything's cool they've got
their fig leaf this is what's so sick
about the way our modern politics works
this is too big to jail right people
been saying too big to fail she is too
big to jail they weren't gonna put her
in prison and so they pretend that
everything is hunky-dory it pretend
everything is hunky-dory and I love the
the politicians out there today saying
you know Donald Trump is ripping on her
and of course he's right everything he
says about her is exactly correct right
everything that he says about her being
crooked and the system being rigged all
of that is 100
not true but I'll tell you how this
narrative goes for the next for the next
week the way the narrative goes is
people like me people like people on the
right we point out Hillary is corrupt
she's a liar she may have committed
perjury in front of Congress
she has routinely said things that are
not true she exposed America's
classified secrets to foreign nations
and the left just goes like this
nan Yin Yin yeah she wasn't indicted Yin
yes that's all they care about she
wasn't into it's their fig leaf it's
their fig leaf now Sally cone tweeted
out well now that she hasn't been
indicted can my people can people on the
right stop whining about it - it tried
tweeted back you haven't stopped whining
about Trayvon Martin right and Trayvon
Martin case wasn't even wrong that case
was right I'm still looking for an
explanation as to how commis decision
here was even decent it wasn't here's my
theory of what happened here my theory
is that James Comey originally was going
to turn over the facts to Loretta Lynch
and Loretta Lynch was going to reject
the indictment after the Clinton lynch
meeting it became politically
unpalatable for that to happen so
instead they made Comey fall on his
sword instead they made Comey fall on
his sword now in the hands of any other
candidate in the hands of any other
candidate this could be a devastating
rebuttal to Hillary's arguments that
she's going to keep America safe right
this could be a really devastating
rebuttal and it should be and Jonathan
Capehart was a big fan a big fan of
Hillary Clinton's and he wants Hillary
to win he hates Trump and all this
Capehart says that the meeting between
Bill Clinton and Loretta Lynch was a
disaster of epic proportions over the
weekend here's here's Jonathan Capehart
saying this and it's clear she's trying
to do two things one she's trying to
explain how this process works because
she knows that this was and remains as a
disaster of effort proportions when it
comes to the independence and the
integrity of the Justice Department she
wants everyone to understand how this
process is working - in the clip you
showed she talks a great deal about
career prosecutors and career
investigators she's trying to make it
clear to everyone if they're willing to
hear it that she is not making decision
political people are not making this the
decision it's career prosecutors and
investigators who have been
before she got there and will be there
after so that that way she's trying to
make it clear that there's there isn't
going to be any political influence okay
so he's saying sit as a staffer but it
isn't really a disaster for her because
the media won't let it be a disaster for
her so the media are looking for another
headline right they don't want to print
that Hillary was extremely careless with
documents they don't want to print that
Hillary exposed classified material to
the Russians they don't want to talk
about any of this stuff because this
stuff is awkward for them so instead
they look for another headline now what
you would hope is that your cans and it
would not be someone who provides fodder
routinely for the other side I'd make it
hard for them in other words make it
hard for them if you're gonna generate
headlines generate attack headlines on
Hillary Clinton as I've said for the
past couple of weeks now if Donald Trump
just stopped doing anything but
attacking Hillary Clinton then it would
put a lot of pressure on people like me
the never Trump folks he'll put a lot of
pressure on people like me to vote for
him because then the case would be Pro
Hillary versus anti-hillary as opposed
to on one side we've got this horrible
crap show of Donald Trump and on the
other way of this horrible crap show of
Hillary Clinton by the way you know I've
seen this argument today Hillary Clinton
is so deeply corrupt you can never vote
for you know you should certainly vote
for him because otherwise you're voting
for her as you know I don't buy that
argument me not voting as me not voting
but even if you assume the premise of
that argument if you think that that
Donald Trump is going to save you
from executive branch corruption and
abuse let me remind you that a week ago
he was saying that he was going to use
the FBI and the IRS to investigate
amazon.com and the Washington Post so he
could target Jeff Bezos because he
doesn't like Jeff Bezos the owner of the
place right so let's stop pretending
honestly I think the beginning of wisdom
is honesty the beginning of wisdom is
honesty and let's be honest about
something there are no good choices in
this election maybe there's a better
choice maybe there's not there are no
good choices in this election and for
people to pretend that there are any
easy choices in this election that's to
ignore the reality which is that we have
two Democrats one running against each
other one may be better one may be worse
but one also represents my philosophy
supposedly in one doesn't I mean this is
a very real balancing decision anybody's
having the easy time with this one isn't
thinking it through they're not the or
they're refusing to acknowledge the
problems inherent in either decision
obviously there's a problem that I
voting for Trump because it's
effectively
not helping him stop Hillary and
obviously there's a problem voting for
Trump because it's turning over
conservatism to a guy who's really a bad
guy so Donald Trump you know over the
weekend you could have spent the entire
weekend talking about Loretta Lynch and
Clinton and then he could go I could
have gone into this week
targeting Hillary Clinton instead Donald
Trump tweeted this over the weekend so
here's the tweet he tweets crooked
Hillary makes history right into meme
and the meme is the history made Hillary
looking in the air photo from her
website and it's pasted over a bed of
dollars and then the controversial part
it's inside a Jewish star it's as most
corrupt candidate ever inside a red
Jewish star it's his most corrupt
candidate ever so this creates a
firestorm because obviously this looks
like something that he grabbed from an
outright white supremacist website
that's linking money and Judaism right
that's what it looks like and that's
old-school anti-semitism and it turns
out that's exactly what it is it turns
out that he likely grabbed it from 4chan
or from a white supremacist supporter
who was pushing this out via Twitter and
they just grabbed it and put it up right
on an unattributed they just grabbed it
and they put it up so the media goes
nuts over this and Trump then releases a
revised version of this which has a
circle on it right and the circle covers
the the Jewish star except that their
incompetence you still see the points of
the Jewish star in the background
because that's how I'm confident this
team is so the media goes nuts over this
the media say well look this just
demonstrates once and again that Donald
Trump is in with his white power
alt-right supporters and here's a
problem I can't really argue with that
since I've been arguing for months that
he is in with those alt-right white
supremacist supporters now do I think
that this is the biggest deal ever no I
don't think it's the biggest deal ever
because I've already been saying this
stuff is a big deal for months this
doesn't change anything that I felt
about Donald Trump it doesn't change
anything I believed about his crap show
of a candidacy or his crap show of a
campaign
none of this changes anything for me but
the media decided now now of course
they're gonna make this into the biggest
story ever so it wasn't the biggest
story ever when Donald Trump explicitly
refused to condemn the all right on hugh
hewitt's show and on national TV when
asked about it right that's it that that
that is is something the media will
ignore but now they have to distract
from Hillary so they bring this up the
heads they bring this up so two things
can be true ones one Trump can be
traffic
in white supremacist anti-jewish
stereotypes because he's ignorance I
don't think he's an anti-semite I just
think he's stupid and I think that he's
happy to take support from whoever shows
him support but if that's the alt-right
then he'll just keep chugging along
taking their means and and acknowledging
them and some sort of legitimate force
in American politics I think that can be
true and it can also be true that the
media is exploiting a stupid ignorant
move by Donald Trump in order to avoid
talking about the deep-seated nasty
corruption endemic to Hillary Clinton
and the Obama and the Obama
administration the entire weekend was
basically cut before this news broke
today the entire weekend was covered
with just Trump supporters making bad
defenses of this particular tweet here's
Corey Lewandowski who is the the former
campaign manager for Donald Trump and a
fellow who is just a delight I mean he
has a nondisclosure agreement he has a
non-disparagement agreement with Trump
presumably CNN hired him anyway to give
commentary and things went wildly wrong
on CNN you're saying that people are
reading too much it's a star that
sheriff's departments across the country
use all over the place to represent law
enforcement and to read into something
that isn't there is is you know what I
think again that's the mainstream media
trying to attack Donald Trump or
something that really isn't there so
they put a new tweet up with a circle if
that the message is the same let's look
at the message the message is that
Hillary Clinton is corrupting that the
FBI and why did they pull it and then
send out the new tweet with instead of
that star and it wasn't a five-point
star it was a circle the next time they
did it he did it again the bottom line
this is political correctness run amok
if this would have been a star next to
Hillary Clinton and didn't have the cash
behind it no one would be questioning
this is this is the mainstream media
trying to read into something and here's
the thing you have to remember where the
sources are coming from Eric Erickson is
a person who's part of the never Trump
movement he has been against Trump from
day one and that's a isn't held to do
that
but at the end of the day the message is
very clear Hillary Clinton is under
investigation from the FBI she went in
this weekend for a three and a half hour
interview because she didn't want to be
subpoenaed and her husband is trying to
intervene in this case by meeting with
the Attorney General not to talk about
golf and talk about grandchildren that
conversation it doesn't take 30 minutes
the real question is is the FBI going to
make the right
recommendation because if it were you or
I or anyone else the American public
would be indicted by now and that's what
should happen if that's what the facts
of the case bear and if that is the case
in Loretta Lynch should clearly either
recuse herself or agree right now to
accept the recommendation of the FBI not
saying that you will take those into
account okay so the last part of what
Lewandowski saying is true and this is
the problem when Lewandowski is saying
at the end it's true but that's not what
the media is gonna run with the media is
gonna run with the fact that Donald
Trump Cantus eval his own bad guy
supporters right because the media is
looking for an excuse to cover from now
this doesn't mean that the media
wouldn't go after Trump where he
innocent if you were innocent they'd
still go after Trump but at least then
he wouldn't be guilty I mean there's
something to that idea they shouldn't be
guilty of bad stuff he should avoid bad
stuff right you have Geoffrey Lord doing
the same thing on CNN again it's just
spin-spin-spin they're making it so easy
for Hilary's team right now there's a
poll that came out today it shows Trump
beating Hillary by five every other
Republican they survey every single
other Republican they surveyed they
surveyed Romney they surveyed Kasich I
believe they surveyed Cruz shows them
either tied with Hillary or up at this
point Trump is five points down in this
latest poll today and there's a reason
for that and it's because he can't keep
himself under control for God's sake is
there no one there at Trump headquarters
to even be smart enough to just shut
down his Twitter account to just take
control of his Twitter get is there no
one there who's bright enough to do that
I'm not a trump supporter as you know I
think that Trump's Twitter account
reflects who Trump is as a man but just
from a purely political standpoint
wouldn't you think that you could shut
him down to the extent that you could
focus on the things that actually matter
instead you end up with this nonsense of
Jeffery Lord John the number one the
sheriff's image is out there everywhere
I mean this has been arrested for well
over a century when I saw this tweet
that is exactly what I first thought of
was that it was the sheriff's badge over
money which meant she was corrupt which
is the crooked Hillary which is one of
the themes of the campaign you know the
hole all of this frankly I think some of
this is a matter of culture now they
took it down I don't think they should
have taken it down frankly I mean it
just it just I mean if we're gonna talk
about anti-semitism then we need to be
talking about why we had people on the
Democratic platform committee right now
yep pushing anti-israel point of views
who were put there by Bernie Sanders
Jeffrey's there's a division over
anti-semitism in the Democratic Party
that's serious time just with all due
respect if we're going to talk about
division I mean I'm I am always
gobsmacked the Democrats like to play
this game when they have been the party
of racial division and and at the moment
they're okay so you know he's so-so
Jeffery Lord again half of what he's
saying is true okay I'm gonna say in a
second the fact is the media are looking
to target Trump no question but Trump
doesn't have to provide them fodder you
want the evidence the media are trying
to target Trump so over the weekend Elie
Wiesel died Zoey was always of course
the Holocaust survivor who won the Nobel
Peace Prize and I think 1986 and he was
a he was the author of the book night
which is this very bleak look at the
Holocaust from inside outfits death camp
I happen to have have worked with and
helped write the autobiography of his
cousin who was in Auschwitz with Elie
Wiesel Elie Wiesel it was was a great
man who stood up for human rights
after he died Sidney Blumenthal who is
who's a just a very close Hillary
adviser or big anti-semite his son whose
Sidney Blumenthal sends his son Max his
son's name is Max he sends Max's work to
Hillary Clinton on a routine basis right
that always happens and it's been
happening for years max Blumenthal
tweeted out after Wiesel died quote Elie
Wiesel went from a victim of war crimes
to a supporter of those who commit them
he did more harm than good and should
not be honored
right after Elie Wiesel dies his Nobel
Prize winning Holocaust survivor
Blumenthal has also liked in Israel to
Nazi Germany Hillary Clinton has
connected with max Blumenthal in the
past here's the New York Observer
pointing this out a few months ago quote
a number of columns have been written
exposing how mr. Blumenthal sent
articles to miss Clinton from his son
max one of America's most notorious
Israel haters miss Clinton responded
very favorably to them some of these
writings would later be the basis for
Max's anti-semitic book Goliath whose
launch was thrown by said at his own
home the disgraceful writings compared
Israel to the Nazis call for the
expulsion of Jews from Israel and
whitewash Palestinian terrorism for good
measure max also compares the Israel
Defense Force to the SS the emails were
east show mr. Blumenthal sent 19
articles written by Matt most of which
contained deep anti-israel sentiment
what is truly unsettling is miss
Clinton's glowing praise for Max's work
on numerous occasions she forwarded the
articles to her staff with the words
please print and a number of times she
asked for multiple copies so that she
could hand them out to her staff and
discuss them alright so in other words
there's anti-semitism on the Hillary
side lots of it and deeply embedded and
the media are ignoring it they're
ignoring it because they would prefer to
focus on Trump and again that doesn't
mean the media aren't corrupt they are
they're deeply corrupt the media is
awful the media is evil the media is
corrupt the media desperately
desperately we want to make sure that
Donald Trump loses to Hillary Clinton
all of that is true
Donald Trump makes it easy Donald Trump
makes it easy for them and that's one of
the things that's so troubling about the
Trump campaign it's why this entire
campaign is a series of bad choices this
is not this is not an easy choice for
anybody for anybody to claim that it is
on either side is making a big mistake
I'm talking about either side of the
never Trump Pro Trump divide I made a
speech at Western conservative summit
over the weekend I gave the keynote
address on Saturday night Trump had
spoken the day before Sarah Palin had
spoken the day before and Sarah Palin
had come out and suggested that anyone
who wouldn't support Trump was a
Republican against Trump they were rapt
and what I said was look I get your
decision I've said it many times on this
program folks I get your decision to
vote Trump to stop Hillary I do but do
not pretend he's a conservative and do
not pervert your principles in order to
support Trump and what I mean by that is
don't pretend that Trump's tweeting out
sheriff's badges because you want Trump
to win it's not true it's not true and
when you do that routine all you do is
lend credence to the other side claiming
that we are all soft on anti-semitism
for example that's stupid and we can
attack Hillary with alacrity because
she's the most corrupt politician of my
lifetime Barack Obama being a close
second but the two of them working
together far beyond anything we've seen
in the history of American politics I
mean it's amazing stuff but that doesn't
mean the Donald Trump isn't a crap show
of his own and it's really a devastating
election for that reason conservatives
lost long ago now it's a series of bad
decisions so we better start building a
movement or this is just going to
continue because the the executive
branch is not going to be non corrupt
under Trump it's maybe more corrupted
under Hillary but I don't think it'll be
much less corrupt under Donald Trump and
he'll be doing it under the
seas of their Conservative Party that's
why it's a hard decision I get either
way people come down I get either way
people come down on that decision okay
time for them things I like then
something that I hate okay things I like
so this week we're gonna do westerns so
one of my favorite westerns I don't
think I've done this one before when my
favorite westerns is from 1993 the movie
tombstone with Kurt Russell and Val
Kilmer Kilmer giving a really good
performance is Doc Holliday it's a
really fun movie we can play a little
bit of the trailer it was the place
where a man could start over when a
fortune could be made they say every
town has a story tombstone as a legend
that's wider better name for himself as
a peace officer how do you I'm retired
you must be Doc Holliday you retired too
mommy
I'm in my prime
Hollywood Pictures presents only real
law around here the Cowboys
the story of Wyatt Earp the first time
in our lives we got a chance to stop
wandering and finally be a family now
this is trouble we don't need we're
gonna have a future in this town it's
gotta have some wallet or
we're watering go black okay we can stop
that it's a really good movie it doesn't
let up at any point it's just it's it's
terrific all the way through so pick up
tombstone tonight it's all it's it's an
intense fun film okay other things that
I like so Kevin Durant who was on the
Oklahoma City Thunder he just moved over
to the to the Golden State Warriors and
everybody's going nuts over this like
totally nuts over that so first things
first I think about athletes the same
way I think about anybody in a career
you have the right to move wherever you
want to move you do you have the right
to you have the right to take your
career and take your skills to South
Beach or you take your skills to Golden
State I've sort of evolved on this
question a little bit I sort of see the
athletes side a little bit more that
doesn't mean that doesn't mean that it
doesn't have an effect on your legacy if
you leave one team in order to join a
better team in order to win
championships there's an NBA fan who
absolutely lost his mind after learning
that Kevin Durant had signed with the
Warriors and is pretty funny okay the
players Tribune and what was the title
was like a new start new home new home
new home hope you have a new home in the
dumpster with your career because that's
where it's at forget about it you've
literally gone from my favorite player
to the most hated player I've ever seen
in a second in a tweet in a single
headline but this is the only NBA jersey
I have it's the only one I can that I
totally wanna care about now I care
about what is this real
this doesn't mean real you're not even a
part of this team you're even part of
this twice
no not trash team your trash is not part
of this great team great organization
great city great everything
Philly's trash part about it the present
I just left right now oh and how dare
you even in your little article say
thank you to Oklahoma thank you thank
you
that's like draymond Green saying Thank
You Steven Adams nuts for being there
now I'm gonna kick your nuts that's what
you just said Oklahoma thank you
oh thank goodness Kevin Durant said
thank you not asleep
and window championships sports expert
again so it's so you know listen I
appreciate fans for real fans of sport
all I can say is that I feel bad because
I used to be more of us of a sport I
still miss boards man but I used to
follow this stuff a lot more closely and
then as you get older and you have kids
you sort of fall a little bit out of
touch with it but I appreciate the
passion of this guy even though I'm I
think that he might need a job and a
girlfriend all right final thing I don't
like time for the thing I don't like so
over the weekend there was a a an ad
that came out celebrating Independence
Day and it comes out from the Ad Council
which is your tax dollars and as John
Cena the the wrestler he's famous for
being a wrestler and and he cuts this ad
about love patriotism there's a word
thrown around a lot and as far as
passionate debate it's more like a badge
of honor and with good reason because it
means love and devotion for one's
country love for word designed to unite
it can also be pretty divisive see
there's more to patriotism flag sequined
onesies and rodeos and quadruple
cheeseburgers patriotism is love for a
country not just pride in what what
really makes up this country of ours
what is it we love it's more than just a
huge rock full of animals like cougars
and eagles right it's the people
do me a favor close your eyes for a
second I want to try something picture
the average us is think about how old
are they
what's the hair like how much can they
bench
you got one okay so chances are the
person you're picturing right now looks
a little different
the real average American there are 319
million u.s. citizens 51% a female so
first off the average American is a
woman cool huh
is that what you pictured 54 million or
Latino forty million senior citizens 27
million are disabled 18 million age
that's more people in the u.s. than play
football and baseball combined nine
million are lesbian gay bi transgender
more than the entire amount of people
who live in the state of Virginia around
10 million of redhead 5.1 million play
Ultimate Frisbee three and a half
million just reading off statistics like
this okay who cares what does have to do
with anything like the world is also a
very diverse place it turns out lots of
people lots of different religions lots
of races lots of genders lots of sexual
organs lots of orientations lots of
stuff going on in the world what does
that have to do with American patriotism
at all what does that have to do with
American patriotism at all maybe
American patriotism is about the
principles upon which the country was
founded you know the things that were
busy dumping over like we care about the
diversity and all this shtick but do we
care at all about rule of law to be care
at all about the fact that our top
politicians are able to get away with it
do we care about that do we care about
the fact that the President of the
United States is currently campaigning
with a woman who's clearly a felon does
that matter at all those it mattered us
that limited government no longer exists
that the government is supposed to get
involved in every part of our lives
that's what patriotism is about to me
it's about the foundational principles
that made the country great not just the
people who live here because the people
who live here they're people who live
everywhere lots of good people live
outside the United States the question
is what are the principles that a
country is based on that allow in the
people who are better and that allow the
people who are better to rise this is
the kind of stuff that I hate from the
left is that that all America is is
basically a random agglomeration of
marbles in a sack
it isn't okay what we are it's about
it's about the principles that unite us
and when those principles fall away we
end up with a country that's following
apart and unfortunately that's what it
looks like right now hopefully I'll be a
little bit less pessimistic tomorrow
about the state of things knowing me
that's forget it's not gonna happen but
you may as well stop by and find out I'm
Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
