on Thursday the hill reported a series
of major Bush world policy advisers are
openly endorsing Hillary Clinton over
Donald Trump first point if Bush worlds
were actually a theme park would be the
worst theme park ever among those
figures former secretary of the Treasury
Hank Paulson former Deputy Secretary of
State Richard Armitage and former
national security adviser Brent
Scowcroft the former deputy press
secretary to George W his name is Toni
Fratto he told the hill quote I think
it's an easy call I think it's really
easy Trump isn't fit for office Laura
Bush she said months ago she'd prefer
Hillary to Trump basically here's the
truth
bush world refuses to acknowledge bush
world's rallying round Trump that's why
Trump has succeeded thus far see here's
the thing all along the media have been
conflating two separate distinct wings
of the never Trump movement wing one
these are the people like me who
reluctantly pulled the lever for John
McCain and Mitt Romney but did so well
moaning the whole time and grumbling
that they were too far to the left these
are people who backed Ted Cruz in the
primaries and who worry that if McCain
and Romney and George W Bush and George
HW Bush gradually corrupted conservatism
Trump's gonna do it wholesale and then
he's gonna add his whole toxic garbage
heap to the mix people like me we say
we're not gonna vote for Hillary but
we're also not gonna vote for Trump
that's one group of never Trump then
there's wing two these are the moderate
establishment figures and they refuse to
back Trump but not because his positions
corrupt conservatism many of them likely
would have backed Hillary over Ted Cruz
actually these are people who refused to
endorse Cruz to stop Trump in the first
place because they like Trump positions
better than Cruz now they've got their
excuse to back Hillary because from so
terrible many conservatives have been
burying their anoints for years over the
bush family's closeness with the Clinton
family we always suspected that the
Republican establishment prefers this
kind of oleg archaic backroom drinking
buddy democrat nonsense to outsider
conservatives the bush family's
relationship with the clinton mob that
was Exhibit A in the case against the
Republican establishment and that's why
so many conservatives resonated to Trump
smacking down the Bush family and their
2016 emissary Jeb it was really fun
watching Trump knocked Jeb through the
nearest swab and go back to my podcast
you can listen to me laughing about it
it's why I tweeted early in the election
cycle I'd support Trump before I'd
support Jeb that was also before Trump
revealed his lack of Prince
all on the fact that he's kind of gross
over the course of the campaign but I'm
so not sure that I would have voted for
Jeb and in general just because enough
dynasties Trump was largely a backlash
to the bushes
he was a guy aggressively attacking the
people having family barbecues with the
Clintons now it's ironic that Trump was
also having the Clintons to his wedding
but at least the Bush's hated him and
hatred drove hatred for the bush inside
her crew that drove drove support for
Trump Cruz would have been the natural
proper response to Bush Clinton Trump
cronyism Trump was the wrong response
but Bush world's mobilization behind
Clinton it reminds us that Bush world
trolled conservatives into getting
behind Trump in the first place I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
tends to demonize people don't care
about your feelings so as always we're
gonna go 15 minutes live here on
Facebook we're gonna try and cram as
much material into this Facebook live as
we possibly can we won't get to the
mailbag we do that at the end of the
show so you got to go to daily wire calm
to subscribe to the show you can watch
the mail back then and you can be part
of the mailbag buy something us emails
and it is the greatest mailbag in the
history of humanity and you can be part
of that if you subscribe right now at
daily wire.com also we are going to be
talking near the end of the show about
things I like and things I hate which
are some of the favorite segments of the
show so if you're just watching Facebook
live you're getting a lot I mean let's
face you're getting a lot but you could
be getting a lot more if you subscribe
to daily wire and if you want to just
download the audio you go to Apple you
go to iTunes or you go to SoundCloud and
you can get the podcast there all right
so let's jump in with with the worst
story of the day and this legitimately
is the worst story of the day there is a
there's an Arab who slaughtered a
thirteen-year-old girl
in Israel this thirteen year old girl
really pretty little girl and was hillo
Yaffa Ariel she's 13 years old she's an
aspiring dancer the reason this is an
international story is because the
Palestinian went into her bedroom
climbed into her house and stabbed her
to death in her bed and you can see in
the picture that we're showing right now
you can see the blood on her bed right
there's the blood on her bed downtown on
the floor that's not the color of the
carpet that's blood all over the floor
she was stabbed multiple times she was
murdered and the international community
they proclaimed that they're really sad
about all of this and then they said
well you know what really matters is
where she was killed
no not in her bedroom
not in her bedroom is that her bedroom
was in the wrong place it's that her
bedroom was in the wrong place because
her bedroom you see was in a place
called Kiryat Arba Kiryat Arba is a
place near near Verona it's near it's
near Hebron and it's in the in the so
called West Bank Judea and Samaria now
for a bit of historical background for
you Judea and Samaria are the actual
heart of what Israel is okay Tel Aviv is
not really but it's a part of original
Israel but it's certainly not paramount
to the Bible Kiryat Arba is right it's
actually mentioned like this area is
mentioned in the Bible itself so this is
historic Jewish land but the
international community thinks that that
lands ought to have no Jews on it no
Jews at all even if you think by the way
that the Palestinian Arabs ought to
control that land which I don't know why
you'd want terrorists controlling the
land but let's say you do even if you
think that you should ask yourself why
it is that that land has to be Jew free
there lots of Arabs living inside Israel
why does Palestinian Arab land have to
be Jew free there are zero Jews living
in the Gaza Strip right now right but
the idea is that she had no right to be
living where she's living so if this
Arab crawls in her bedroom window and
stabs her to death and stabs her to
death
then that's totally fine because of
where this was and this is not a shock I
mean nobody should be shocked that this
is how the Palestinians the Palestinian
Arabs act they particularly shouldn't be
shocked I'm very getting very sick of
hearing that this is all about the
territory it has nothing to do with the
territory it has nothing to do with the
settlements the same day this happened
to more Jews were stabbed in Netanya
which literally is on the Mediterranean
coast which is like the heart of Israeli
territory under any settlement
negotiation in any case the real reason
that this is happening is radical Islam
the same reason the turkey got bombed
the other day
the same reason that France gets shot up
every couple of months the same reason
forty-nine gay people just got shot in
Orlando the same reason that a bunch of
people got shot in San Bernardino that's
why this little girl got stabbed to
death it doesn't matter though according
to the international leftist community
she got stabbed because she was living
in the wrong place because she had no
right to be sleeping in her bedroom at
night that's according to the
international leftist community within
hours of her funeral the so-called
Middle East quartets would be the UN
evil organization the European Union
morally bankrupt organization the United
States led by the morally bankrupt Jew
hating Obama administration and the and
the and the Russians who obviously are
just out for themselves and really don't
care they came out and they said well
really what needs to happen here as Jews
need to stop building bedrooms in the
West
right they need to stop building
bedrooms in Judea and Samaria you wanna
know the real reason gang why
Palestinian Arabs are killing people
it's radical Islam and here's the proof
this is what Palestinian Arabs are
teaching their children this is from the
Islamic Association in Khan Younis okay
what you're seeing is you're seeing a
bunch of Palestinian kids and they're
carrying keys and carrying fake guns and
then this is them kidnapping this is
think of them being trained to kidnap
and stab Israeli soldiers you see these
you see the kid with the knife he's
stabbing fake Israeli soldiers and kids
up playing that right now this is video
of these kids running out of a terror
tunnel and kidnapping Jews and then
murdering them and how old are these
kids here do you think maybe five six
years old maybe four or five years old
right you wonder why kids are getting
stabbed in their bedrooms in in Kiryat
Arba this is why kids are getting
stabbed in their bedrooms in Kiryat Arba
it has nothing to do with the location
of the bedroom it has to do with pure
unadulterated evil that's what you're
watching here these kids throwing rocks
at all throughout where the kids dressed
up as ultra-orthodox Jews who are
praying right that's that's what those
kids are supposed to be doing it's
called chuckling all right that's it is
where you're praying and they're and
they're taking rocks and throwing it at
the children this is how they're
training their small children you tell
me whether this has to do with Western
civilization versus radical Islam or
whether this has to do with where
somebody's building an extra bedroom
there's a bunch of crap and by the way
this estate sponsored this is
state-sponsored okay this is sponsored
by the people Israel is supposed to be
negotiating with the Palestinian
Authority which is supposed to be the
moderates right those are the moderates
Israel supposed to be negotiating with
their official news agency called the
murderer the guy who stabbed the
thirteen-year-old girl called him a
martyr here's what the mother the guy's
mother said here the guy's mother said
imagine your kid for a second went and
stabbed the thirteen-year-old girl to
death in her bedroom here's what the
mother said quote he was a hero
he made me proud my son died as a martyr
defending Jerusalem and the al-aqsa
mosque praise be to Allah lord of the
worlds he has joined the martyrs before
him he is not better than them Allah
willing all of them will follow this
path all the youth of Palestine Allah be
praised
now if the Obama administration got a
hold of that quote presumably that quote
would read my son died as a as an
omitted defending omitted praise be to
omitted right because we can't talk
about the reality which is that were
all in the same battle here we're all in
the same battle now the left refuses to
acknowledge the battle anyway right when
when people get killed by radical
Muslims in the United States it's
because a gun it's because of failures
of gun control when turkey gets bombed
and it's not radical Islam that's just
an internal strife when this stuff
happens in France then maybe it's
radical Islam but still really it's kind
of just about Islamophobia it's about
intolerance for Muslims and that's what
drives them to go and shoot people up at
a newspaper office but there's another
step of evil that suddenly attends when
it comes to Jews living in Israel it's
another step of evil so they have to
separate the Jews off even from the West
I mean you remember back during the the
Charlie Hebdo attack you remember that
there are terrorists and when they shot
up a French newspaper remember they went
you member where they went from the
French newspaper they went from the
French newspaper to a kosher supermarket
and it's a kosher deli and then they
shot up the kosher deli and remember
President Obama said it was random
there's random Charlie Hebdo wasn't
random
but the kosher supermarket was random
the Jews always have to be separated out
from everybody else according to the
left right the left has never suggested
for all the crap the left to suggest it
they've never suggested that the French
have to negotiate with Isis they've
never suggested the United States has to
negotiate with Isis right they've never
suggested that they've blamed it on
other things they never said okay let's
open a negotiation with Isis they say
everyday that Israel ought to open a
negotiation with the people who
celebrate people who stabbed to death 13
year old girls in their bedroom and this
this is the purest form of evil and the
left is attendance upon it the left is
part of it and all that really does is
for Jews like me it underscores the
importance of the State of Israel a
place that continues to defend Jews as
Jews right that was the original purpose
of the State of Israel from a secular
point of view was a place that was going
to defend Jews when they were left out
there alone by the rest of the world and
once again they're left out there alone
by the rest of the world everybody will
pay lip service to how terrible it is
and then they'll say that it really is
the Falls of these crazy Jews for having
built their bedrooms and the stabbings
are secondary to the building of the
bedroom so that's that's to me that's
the biggest story of the day and it's
going to be under covered by the media
because it's just not that important
because it's Jews being killed right
it's not it's not gays being killed in
Orlando or or editors being killed in
France or even people being killed in
Turkey this will be covered by virtually
no one tonight it'll be covered by
virtually no one because Jews are a
little bit different
which is which is sickening okay so on
another note on another note President
Obama is very very angry at Donald Trump
he's really angry Donald Trump and he
was in Canada yesterday and he did
legitimately I don't think we grabbed
footage um but the world's most Awkward
handshake with Justin Trudeau and
Enrique Pena Nieto who's the the
president of Mexico they they all met
together and they started kind of doing
a handshake what it looked like they
were doing a secret handshake to get
into the the no girls boys only Club and
it was it was either that or some other
boys only Club but in any case they had
this they had this weird handshake and
then President Obama got up and spoke in
front of the Parliament and he decided
to rip on Donald Trump and he clearly
hates Trump clearly hates Trump despises
from much more than he hates terrorists
much much more than he hates terrorists
much more than he hates you know
criminals he really despises Donald
Trump he's mad because Donald Trump
claims to get populist now I wanted to
find populist for a moment because
people keep throwing this word around
what does it mean to be a populist all
the populist means is somebody who
claims that they want the power to
reside in the people now the problem
with the populist argument is that it's
a methodology it's not actually a
politics so you can have a populist like
Bernie Sanders who's on the Left which
is power to the people we must have
power to the people and that means all
the power to the government and you can
have populist on the right like Donald
Trump who says the people of America and
the people here what we really need is
we need we need all power and that means
give me the power so it but populism
almost inevitably ends with some sort of
populist leader who does what he wants
but Trump but Obama's angry about this
he says the Trump isn't the real
populist I'm the real populist I'm the
real Slim Shady so here's President
Obama making that case and that's this
whole issue of populism maybe so I can
pull up in a dictionary quickly the
phrase populism but I'm not prepared to
concede the notion that some of the
rhetoric that's been popping up is
populist
he says that the only only only his
populism is real populism first of all
the fact that all these politicians want
to fight over what populism means
populism isn't a great thing it isn't
populism is just basically catering to
the lowest on Commons naam it doesn't
say anything about philosophy again it's
a strategy it's not a philosophy of
governance or government it doesn't tell
you what somebody's thinking if I tell
you that somebody's a populist you don't
know whether I'm talking about Trump or
whether I'm talking about Bernie Sanders
so when he says that the Trump isn't a
real populist what he really means is
that Trump isn't saying things in the
name of the people I say things in the
name of the people but here's the thing
real populist you know people who
actually cared about democracy for
example they wouldn't claim to speak in
the name of the people they'll claim to
speak in their own name and then people
either support them or they don't Obama
goes on like this ripping Trump in a
foreign country of course cuz this is
what Obama does because this is who he
is he's very upset at Donald Trump's
anti-immigrant what he calls demagoguery
we've had times throughout our history
where anti-immigration sentiment is
exported by demagogues it was directed
at the Irish is directed at poles and
Italians and you can go back and read
what was said about those groups and
it's identical to what they're now
saying about Mexicans or Guatemalans or
Salvadorans or Muslims or Asians same
stuff there's different they're not
gonna fit they won't assimilate they
bring crime same arguments you go back
to the 1800s the language is identical
but guess what they kept coming so we
can stop it there they kept coming they
kept coming they come okay so i'll
explain we have to kill the live feed
now but if you want to listen to the
rest and see the rest go to daily wire
calm I'll explain why President Obama is
wrong and his head is actually so far up
his butt it's coming out his mouth again
I'll explain all of that if you go and
subscribe it daily wire plus we have the
mailbag coming up and we haven't even
talked about Hillary Clinton and Bill
Clinton's meeting with Loretta Lynch on
the tarmac we haven't done good Trump
bad Trump there's so much more to get to
that you're missing because you're just
watching on Facebook live so go over to
daily wire calm right now and subscribe
and you can
continue to watch and enjoy and you can
download the rest of the podcast on
audio later from SoundCloud or iTunes ok
so President Obama says this right
President Obama says what he says he
says that that this is the same sort of
xenophobia that we used to say okay
there is one difference there is one
difference it used to be that we didn't
hand people welfare benefits so it's
true when people came here from Germany
or when they came from Eastern Europe
lots of Jews when Italians came here
there was a lot of talk about crime
there's a lot of talk about an
underclass coming in the difference was
this the types of people we were
attracting then were people who are
seeking freedom and not looking for a
handout from the government they weren't
in a tent that they weren't in that cost
because they in cost anything they came
in and it wasn't anybody's job to take
care of them it was their job to make a
life for themselves and it's go watch a
film called Brooklyn which is it's a
pretty good film and it's about Oh an
Irish immigrant coming over to the
United States and you'll see this is
exactly what it's about basically she
comes over to the United States and she
gets help from her from her basically
her family in her church to find a job
and they help integrate her into the
society there's no that no point in the
film does she go to the government
office looking for cheque once you
create a system with the government
office where people are looking for a
check then the culture of the people
coming over actually matters a lot more
because before you were having a it's a
different magnet drawing a different
type of people it's a different it's a
different system that draws a different
type of immigrant and if people don't
integrate into the prevailing society
they're never gonna be able to get a job
if you sit apart from the rest of the
society believing in a culture that
doesn't exist here you're gonna have a
problem getting a job and living and
staying and working and so there has to
be an integration just by forces of
capitalism well that no longer exists
that's the difference between the so
called the anti-immigrant demagoguery of
the 1870s kind of the know-nothing
demagoguery of the 1860s and the the
so-called anti-immigrant demagoguery of
Donald Trump
I'm not anti-immigrant by the way I'm a
full Milton Friedman libertarian when it
comes to immigration so long as there's
not a welfare state if there is a
welfare state now you do have to pick
and choose the people who come in
obviously but this is the sort of
demagoguery in which Obama participates
this populist leftism
and I think it's important to mention
here that the populist leftism that he's
pushing is still a populism that puts
himself at the head of
of a big government he give him all the
power everything is fine he just doesn't
like the idea that Trump is proposing
give Trump all the power and everything
is fine now speaking of giving people
all the power and everything is fine
Hillary Clinton continues to be wildly
corrupt now it's it's obvious she's a
felon she is she's a felon and the
reason we know this is because if you
have classified material on a private
server you are a felon she was Secretary
of State if all her email was going to a
private server she had to have
classified material on there she's the
Secretary of State thus she is a felon
duh okay my wife worked at the VA when
she was when she's in medical school and
one of the things she did at the VA she
had to take training as to what sort of
information she was allowed to take in
and out of the building because of HIPAA
because of because of federal law if she
had accidentally taken out medical
records from the building and put them
in her car that would be a crime right
to do that
now imagine that she had set up a
private server and downloaded all of the
HIPAA records there would that be a
crime you bet your butt it would be a
crime right this is this is a crime but
in order to make sure that nothing
criminal happens here Loretta Lynch this
is it this was discovered by a local
media outlet in Phoenix Loretta Lynch
the Attorney General of the United
States she meets with Bill Clinton on
the tarmac in the middle of nowhere at
this little air base in in Phoenix a
media spot her there and she goes and
she meets with Bill Clinton now think
about how corrupt this is think about
how insanely corrupt this is you've got
Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton and
they're conspiring to do stuff and we
know that we know that the Clinton
Foundation was working with Hillary
while she was at State Department bill
was the head of the Clinton Foundation
Hillary is the head of the State
Department we know they were corrupt
bargains between them we know that there
was a slush fund at the Clinton
Foundation people who are giving money
to the Clinton Foundation we're getting
special benefits from the Hillary
Clinton State Department we know all
that now you have Attorney General
Loretta Lynch and she's showing up on
the tarmac and meeting privately with no
cameras and no media and no one else
there with Bill Clinton so Loretta Lynch
says of course that this is all totally
harmless here's what a lawyer to Lynch
had to say about it Don wrote Loretta
Lynch met with former President Bill
Clinton
earlier this week so Paul how did this
meeting happen we've just got some tape
of Lynch explaining this today let's
just play a little bit of that well I
did see the president at the Phoenix
Airport the other night as I was
he was headed out he did come over and
say hello and speak to my husband and
myself and talk about his grandchildren
and his travels and and things like that
so that was the extent of that and no
discussions were held in any cases or
anything of that and he didn't raise
anything about that either okay so
you're just meeting you know just saying
hello you know there's nothing it was
totally nothing and the media are so
credulous oh you have probably nothing
happened here probably nothing they're
like best friends and it meant like one
time ever okay there she wasn't it there
at Chelsea's wedding they don't know
each other they just happened to me like
how's that work they're just they just
happened to be at the same airbase and
she's just walking around the tarmac for
no reason and bill looks out the one of
those hey will gets Loretta let's get
her up here and then Loretta oh hi Bill
I've been missing you like what how does
that even work
yeah but like the windows don't open on
these planes right so I mean it's not
even like he can roll down the windows
hey there cutie come on up he can't even
do that right so clearly this is all a
bunch of of crap and the media is
treating it like no big deal it's
nothing this is just nothing it's not a
big deal
it's like the scene from from Godfather
1 remember there's a scene and Godfather
one very famous scene where Michael goes
to deal with with what's the name of
what's the name of the the guy hands of
shooting in the in the restaurant I
can't remember the name of the guy he
ends up shooting in the restaurant it's
in any case he goes to meet with with
he's trying to bargain with the guy who
just tried to kill his father and they
and they're both Italian and they're
both Sicilian and he's and he's meeting
over and over dinner with this guy and
he brings along McCluskey mccleskey's
the cop McCluskey's on payroll McCluskey
sitting here and Michael sitting here
and and the other guy is sitting across
from him and they're and they're
speaking they're just talking about
how's your father
Oh everything's good how are you doing
everything is fine and and then at a
certain point the other guy turns to the
cop who's on his payroll right the he
turns to the the cop was on his payroll
and he says to him
yo me and Michael we're gonna speak
Italian now and it's it and is it
Salerno the name of the guy I'm trying
it's killing me that I didn't I'm it's
killing me that I can't remember the
name of the guy who's used the the
villain I mean he Salah so so lots of
that's who it is salat so thank you so
salat so is is sitting on the other side
lots of turns to McCluskey and he says
me and Michael we're gonna talk Italian
oh I'm
let's go sounds good to me go ahead he's
sitting there at the police uniform on
they're talking to each other and
they're saying what they want to say and
an Italian translated so you unless you
speak Italian you don't know what
they're saying and that's the media here
right bill Loretta Lynch Obama bill they
they just they turn to the median they
go and they go me and me Loretta we're
gonna speak a little Italian here let me
speak a little Italian the media goes
okay Julie you need to do and that's
that's what's going on here
via the media are refusing to
acknowledge the obvious which is they're
not getting together to talk about their
grandchildren come on come on no bill
has more grandchildren than he's even
willing to talk about I'm sure I mean
the idea Bill's calling her on board say
yeah just hanging out with Charlotte the
other day and she was so cutie I mean
she's she's so cute she's the only cutie
I ever I haven't want to have sex with
it's amazing like the idea that that's
the conversation and not hi there
already you know my wife's running for
president and you know we know that
you're not gonna indict her it we think
that maybe there might be a slot for you
opening up in the next administration
like that's not the conversation yeah
that's not the conversation that it was
just all just all friendly talk they're
just getting together to hang out
because they're best buds and they were
sharing a cigar and a bit what kind of
garbage what kind of crap even the
Democrats by the way know that this
looks awkward senator I think is Chris
Coons from Delaware he says that this is
he says that this this was probably a
bad idea what do you think about the
impropriety or the appearance of that
well Allison I've just heard about this
this morning my impression of the
meeting was that the Attorney General
was coming in to Phoenix to give a
speech about community policing and that
the former president asked to talk to
her briefly about community policing I
do I do agree with you that it doesn't
send the right signal I am impressed
with Attorney General Loretta Lynch the
work that she's done in combating
violent crime and in leading the
Department of Justice and she has
generally shown excellent judgment and
strong leadership of the department and
I'm convinced that she is an independent
attorney general but I do think that
this meeting sends the wrong signal and
I don't I don't think it sends the right
signal I think she should have steered
clear even of a brief casual social
meeting with the former president she
should have said no
thank you I'm not available to meet
right now I think she should have said
look I recognize you have a long record
of leadership on fighting crime but this
is not the time for us to have that
conversation after the elections over
I'd welcome your advice in him super
duper duper corrupt super corrupt right
and and and it is this is this all super
crime I love when he says that that
she's not corrupt she's really doing
hard work Loretta Lynch is the lady
who's used the Department of Justice to
threaten prosecution against people who
participate in anti Islamic speech
Loretta Lynch is the lady who's used the
Department of Justice to crack down on
private businesses as well as police
departments that have nothing to do
police departments that have nothing to
do with racism she's used the DOJ to
cracked it she's absolutely corrupt from
beginning to end Andrew Klavan calls her
sinister that's a really kind word for
Loretta Lynch and the idea that she's
meeting with bill just out of the
goodness of her heart absolute
horse-pucky
absolute nonsense well but but don't
worry the media won't focus on any of
that and they also won't focus on the
fact that the left refuses to
acknowledge real dangers to the country
or they just okay so Hillary is corrupt
whatever okay so they're real dangerous
to the country whatever there's a DHS
whistleblower Department of Homeland
Security whistleblower and then is
Philip Haney and he's testifying on the
hill yesterday listen to what he says
about what the federal government has
been doing to cover up for terrorism and
then we'll talk about how the left has
responded to all of this between these
two days 2008 and 2016 came what I call
the first Great Purge when I was ordered
by the Department of Homeland Security
headquarters to modify a euphemism
remain removing all linking information
out of approximately eight honey texts
subject records in our law enforcement
system that almost exclusively had to do
with Muslim Brotherhood Network here in
the United States I was told to remove
all unauthorized references to terrorism
that I was no longer allowed to do what
are called memorandums of information
received what we call memo IRS no more
text records no more research and no
more special treatment from the agency
but during that time hundreds of law
enforcement actions had been taken in
the three-year period when those 820
Plus records were still in
law enforcement system system at exactly
the same time a controversial inaugural
took place on January 27th and 28th 2010
between American Muslim leaders and the
Department of Homeland Security
Secretary Janet Napolitano which was
hosted by the Department of Homeland
Security civil rights and civil
liberties it was controversial because
several of the individuals attended the
invitation-only conference in DC were
known affiliates of at least two of the
same Muslim Brotherhood front groups
that had just been named as unindicted
co-conspirators in the largest terrorism
trial in the history of the United
States top it there Haney Haney it's
difficult to listen to him he's very
boring what he's saying is that the
Department of Homeland Security
basically wiped out of its records
affiliations with terrorist groups
including the Muslim Brotherhood for
people under investigation and then
proceeded to even meet with people who
had those affiliations in their Civil
Rights Division that's what he's saying
so is the left worried about you know
Hillary risking national security are
they worried about the cover-up from the
federal government are they worried
about terrorism are they worried about
radical Islamism no of course not
they're worried about gun control to
gali celebrities now and all these
celebrities got together to read the
names of the Orlando victims they're not
doing it because they want Islamic Jihad
fought they're doing it because they
want gun control of course John Carlos
Nieves Rodriguez 27 years old Jones
started working at McDonald's at age 15
to help support his family and was
recently made the manager of a check
cashing store he purchased his first
home this spring so that his mother
could live there too he loved to escape
to the beach though his best friend
called him a big teddy bear who was
happy when everyone depended on it I
mean it goes on like this stay away
although you know and it's in they go
through all the victims it's fine to
remember the victims I don't remember
them doing the same thing after
terrorist attacks that were clearly
terrorist attacks do they do this after
San Bernardino I missed it did they do
this have it have they been doing this
after the Chattanooga shootings of the
of the military members no they never do
it they don't do it when it's when when
the issue is radical Islam they don't do
it they should be doing it for all the
victims
they should be doing it for all the
victims but the only time
I've ever seen the left treat victims as
victims is when they're trying to push
gun control or when they're trying to
ban the Confederate flag and they did
the sort of stuff for the for the
shooting in Charleston they should be
doing it when they're ripping against
Islamic radicalism but they don't care
about any of that stuff they don't and
they don't care about the corruption and
they don't care about the fact the Obama
administration doesn't care about that
stuff
they don't care about any of that and
Whoopi Goldberg makes that clear
Benghazi report comes out earlier this
week says that Hillary literally went to
sleep basically while people were under
fire and that the big debate in the
White House was do we spin this so that
it's about a YouTube video or do we not
spend it to that it's about a YouTube
video and also sure our soldiers wear
uniform if they go in and save our guys
let's do their around for eight hours
and do nothing but here's what P
Goldberg summing up the thoughts that
left on all this stuff I mean this is
stomach-churning folks here's Whoopi
Goldberg on the view the repository of
all human stupidity
a place where the total Grand combined
IQ of all the people on the panel is
lower than then my weight with a couple
of decimal points moved over here's
here's Whoopi Goldberg one of the
stupidest people in American politics I
mean this is part of the problem when
people you know talk about oh she's not
trustworthy it's cause people have done
this she sat with the Republicans she
sat with everybody she was supposed to
sit she talked about everything she
didn't do anything
walk away get something new we're born
with yeah we're bored we're bored we
don't want to watch it we're bored
you're bored I don't care you're bored
hey it was important people who died
there I'll tell you who's not gonna be
bored all the people who are gonna die
because people like you don't care the
people who aren't they're not gonna be
bored they're gonna be dead because
because the left refuses to acknowledge
the problem wants to put in power a lady
who has no capacity for non corruption a
lady who puts her own personal self
aggrandizement power above the lives of
other fellow Americans who are in harm's
way
you're bored with it you're bored with
it well you gotta go make a sequel to
ghosts well what do we got that's going
on that's so important you got to sit
there jabbering about the latest Kim
Kardashian butt shot on the view that's
the you're too bored to deal with it
you're too bored to deal with the fact
that your chosen candidate is a corrupt
felon you're too bored to deal with that
the choose willing to lie to the
families of the people who are murdered
sorry if you're bored sorry for bored
but there
they're all bored the media's bored
here's a CNN reporter explaining that
this whole terrorism thing is just
getting in the way of what we really
ought to be talking about and what we
really ought to be talking about is is
climate change think that virtually
every time we go on one of these foreign
trips where the White House wants to
emphasize something else I mean here
they really want to want to be focusing
on North America and climate change
again terrorism has overshadowed some of
those subjects and we know that the
president's going to be getting more
questions about this and those abilities
of Isis to launch these attacks
throughout the day it's just too bad
terrorism is just overshadowing this
stuff we really oughta more worry about
whether the sea level is gonna rise a
foot in a hundred years that's that's
really what we ought to be worrying
about right now not about this whole
terrorism snake it really is just
annoying I wish that people would just
put that aside and it would be really
nice if they would just you know get get
on to the real issues like like the
weather meanwhile this is this you would
imagine would be ripe fertile ground for
Donald Trump to make some moves right
this is so there's a new poll out today
from Rasmussen shows Trump up for
unfortunately there are two other polls
a poll that shows Trump down 10 to
Hillary 42 to 32 which by the way that
statistics amazing the QI only has 42%
and she's still beating him by 10 in the
Reuters tracking poll where the other
26% in the American population they all
go hang themselves like what are they
doing right it appears to me that the
other 26% are looking and saying okay
we've got Trump who's a crap show and
Hillary's a crap show we don't like
either of them so we're just not gonna
tell you who we're voting for it but the
bottom line is that you would imagine
Trump should be making some moves and
Trump says some things that are worthy
of saying again again as always every
single day see this is the thing about
this particular feature of the ben
shapiro show this new and and really i
think consistent feature of the bench
piers for every single day there's good
Trump and bad Trump there's no day that
goes by where it's just good Trump
there's no day that goes by that it's
just bad Trump it's almost always
there's some good Trump there's always
some bad Trump so it's time for some
good Trump bad Trump here is the good
Trump okay so good Trump Donald Trump
talked yesterday about Syrian refugees
being allowed into Europe he said this
on Bill O'Reilly's show and and this is
exactly right if he made this the sole
focus of his campaign gang he'd be in
good shape if he actually made this the
sole focus after everything that I've
just said the corruption the felonious
backroom dealing the the fact that the
left is totally bored
and willing to willing to allow
Westerners to be killed whether Jews in
Israel whether they're gays in in
Orlando this would be or Trump can make
his hey see here is Trump talking about
Isis the fact that they seem to have
these victories I don't know if you call
that a victory but it's a victory it's
perceived as a victory you have through
the internet they're taking our youth
and the youth from other countries all
over the world and they're joining Isis
the youth thinks it's wonderful because
they see victory you know it's being
portrayed as a psychologically United
States all right now and people are
joining Isis because of that Hillary
Clinton come a hard you got to beat the
hell out of a Hillary Clinton's gonna
have to get tougher on terrorism and she
is and and she'll never get tougher
she's not tough enough she's gonna get
tougher and apparently on terrorism
she's gonna have to because President
Obama's policy of containment has fed
everybody in the world knows I don't see
it happening with her she's not gonna
get tougher it started under her it was
a little group of people it could have
been wiped out quickly and effectively
then now it's a very large group of
people and it's only getting bigger and
if she gets in it'll be massive and we
won't even have a country and then we're
gonna be afraid to walk outside all
right now we're gonna hold mister
trouble remember one other thing they're
letting tens of thousands of people come
in from Syria and nobody knows who these
people are right well we went through
all of those people are Isis okay a lot
of these people are Isis I'm not gonna
okay what he's saying right there he's
got a lot of flack for that last line a
lot of these people are Isis polls show
that 13% of Syrian refugees say they
have sympathies with Isis so this is
good Trump right what Trump is saying
here's exactly right if I thought he
actually took the issue seriously it
would make me feel a little bit better
about about Trump I don't think that he
takes it particularly seriously I think
he's an ad hoc guy and he says what
comes to mind but I think that as soon
as it's out of ten it's out of its head
but here this is good Trump right this
is this is the Trump that says we got to
take these issues seriously and then
naturally because today ending and why
there's some bad Trump so bad so Trump
also was talking more about about free
trade yesterday one of the things that's
very irritating to me politically and
just it's very hard for me on politics I
do think that there are smart things and
stupid things in politics I think there
are true things and false things in
politics and I think that politicians
will basically lie to you in order to
get you to do what they want you to do I
think right now
there's a there's a movement by the left
and by the really by the left because
Trump is of the left on trade that to to
rip on free trade and we talked for 20
minutes yesterday about Trump's
anti-free trade policies both Trump and
Hillary Clinton are lying to you about
about free trade here's Donald Trump
lying to you about free trade yesterday
you go down the line and you look at
what we've accomplished together and I
said to myself why would the US Chamber
of Commerce criticize what I'm saying
cuz here's what I'm saying very simple
I'm all for free training it's fine but
I want Carl Icahn negotiating for me I
want I want the greatest businesspeople
negotiating my deals not hacks okay but
I'm all for free trade but here's what
cuz you know the the US Chamber of
Commerce is totally controlled by the
special interest groups folks just so
you understand it and there are special
interests that want to have the deals
that they want to have they want to have
keep DP trans-pacific partnership
one of the worst deals it'll be the
worst deal since NAFTA no it'll be the
worst it'll drain the rest of your
businesses out of Maine believe me okay
I mean just going on like this one like
this it's all nonsense what he's saying
I mean the idea in the NAFTA killed
American economics is just silliness
it's not true in any way we read the
statistics yesterday it's not true and
Charles Krauthammer against this races
we've now reached this point where both
parties are against free trade well what
he saw for the Republican of the
primaries is that the traditional
ideology free trade more reasonable more
open on borders was something that
everybody else was supporting and he saw
a real opening and he won the nomination
essentially on that message question is
how will it play in the country I think
what's most interesting is the fact that
if the Republicans are now banning free
trade for the first time ever in our
memory
we're having a presidential campaign
where neither side is for free trade
which I think bodes really badly for our
allies abroad the Australians the
Canadians the Mexicans imagine the
Mexicans looking at the cancellation
left
effect that would have on them they're
looking at a race where the country with
both parties is now turning against free
trade they had always assumed the United
States would be the one country that
would rise above the most narrow
economic nationalism and save the idea
of free trade that's not going to be
true
Cobham january 2017 and that would
change the whole international educated
Hemmer there is saying is true although
i will say that when he says we'd rise
above the most narrow economic
nationalism economic nationalism would
require free trade as i said yesterday
if you were actually an economic
nationalist and you wanted America to be
economically strong you wouldn't fight
free trade but he's right basically
everybody is lying to you in order to
get ahead and that's what's so
disappointing about this election one
final note on the whole Trump of
everything
Mike leaves the senator from Utah where
Trump is now running head neck and neck
with Hillary there's a new poll out by
the way in Iowa came out moments ago
shows Trump down 48 34 in Iowa bloodbath
here is Steve malls but questioning Mike
Lee about why is it that you won't back
Trump and listen to Lee's answer I just
don't understand why you're not out
there you know trumpeting Trump hey look
Steve I get it you want me to endorse
Trump well I don't understand why you're
not really well yeah well we can get
into that if you want I mean we can get
into the fact that he accused my best
friend's father of conspiring to kill
JFK we can go through the fact that he's
made some statements that some have
identified correctly as religiously
intolerant we can get into the fact
wildly unpopular in my state in part
because my state consists of people who
are members of a religious minority
church a people who were ordered
exterminated by the governor of Missouri
in 1838 and statements like that make
them nervous now look these things are
not something that I couldn't get over
if I heard the right things out of them
but if you want to go to why it is I
have concerns
I can I can go on if you'd like I'm I
hope I can get over these concerns I
hope mr. Trump can help me identify them
but don't sit here and tell me Steve
that I have no reason to be concerned
about Donald Trump
yeah and Lee is exactly right and this
is this is the problem with this
election Hillary's so awful I mean I
can't say it enough times Hillary is so
awful awful she's a felon she doesn't
believe in any of the right things she's
gonna get people killed
all of this is true and Trump all he has
to do is make people comfortable and
he's utterly incapable of doing it he's
utterly incapable of doing it okay time
for some quick things I like things I
hate and mailbag because we have a clock
that means nothing so so quick things
that I like well first it sorry quick
sidenote
just it and this one goes out to this
this note of love goes out to Joe
Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski who
apparently are a couple really like they
the page six on New York Post is now
reporting the Mika and Joe meek is
getting divorced I guess after 23 years
to be with Joe to true romance I guess
after they both broke up with Trump
thing they have a rebound relationship
but here Joe and Mika apparently today
they kind of were flirting with each
other on the air because this is our
media now it makes you want to just hang
yourself so here's what it look like
biggest like since Gordon Gekko from the
the world with us huge cell phone sorry
can I get to the Leapster right away
there's there's there are a lot of lead
stories today but why don't we start
with the trial in the presidential race
shows growing worry in the GOP about
Donald Trump's struggle okay so there
are a lot of lead stories today aren't
there okay so all right time for some
things I like and then some things that
I hate so things I like we're finishing
up with pre Hays Code films pre Hays
Code films include the Hays Code was
from 1933 to 1960 to reiterate as we've
said every day this week the Hollywood
imposed on itself a voluntary standard
for how movies were gonna go and and
before that the movies were very risque
they were they were very edgy and one of
the the some of the people who were
stars that were hurt by the by the Hays
Code or the Marx Brothers a lot of their
best material happened before the
happened before the Hays Code the Marx
Brothers if you go back and watch their
films they're quite brilliant I mean a
lot of their sketches are just genius
they're still funny today it's very
clever very funny so here's the probably
the most famous film duck soup with and
you'll see there's Groucho Marx oh
you're saying I must
to you I'll see you at the theater
tonight I'll hold your seat did you get
there after you get there you're on your
own
Oh oh yes not always not in yet all
right goodbye
I wish for you again I wonder whatever
became of me I should have been back
here a long time ago so it is funny the
funny bits are not there but you'll see
the funny bits and that one's great
there tonight at the Opera is fantastic
they have a lot of really good movies
the Groucho Marx wrote a road actually
Harpo at Harpo Marx right who never
speaks he's mute in the movies if he
wrote a fantastic book called Harpo
speaks that you might be able to get on
Amazon still very funny really really
funny book and a lot of gossip in in
there and it's it's it's a good book
okay so because it's a because it's a
Thursday and we're near the end of the
week the other thing I like is I've been
doing sort of a Bible segment at the end
of the week so this is from this week's
this week's power up this week's power
show that parsha is a Torah portion that
Jews read every week throughout the
whole year we got through the entire
Bible by reading a portion every week
this week it's it's from numbers from
the Book of Numbers and The Book of
Numbers 14 18 through 20 so this that
those aren't the only verses but this is
the ones were quoting right now so this
week's parsha issue is part of the
schlock this is the part of the portion
of the Torah the portion of the Old
Testament in which the Jews are told by
Moses go ahead and spy out the land they
come back they say we can't do this no
way we can't handle this and God gets
angry and he says okay well then this
entire generation is gonna die out in
the desert and then we'll replace them
with with a new generation of Jews and
those are gonna people who go in and
there's one point there where God says
to Moses God these people are so
irritating they're so irritating I'm
just gonna wipe them all out and I'll
make a new nation out of you right you
and your kids and Moses because he's
humble and because even though he's been
really put to the medal by the by the
Jews throughout the throughout the Torah
I mean they're constantly complaining
they just whine all the time sort of
like my show and the but the God he
finally says to God don't do that if you
do that people are gonna say well God
promised to get the Jews out and bring
them to Israel then he didn't do it so
God doesn't keep his promises so here is
so here is what Moses says to God to get
him to change his mind basically he says
the Lord
slow to anger and abundantly kind
forgiving iniquity and transgression who
cleanses summoned does not cleanse
others who visit the iniquities of
parents on children even to the third
and fourth generations please forgive
the iniquity of this nation in
accordance with your abounding kindness
as you have borne this people from Egypt
until now and God says I've forgiven
them in accordance with your word this
formulation right here Jews say this a
lot right around Yom Kippur right around
the day of atonement we say this
particular thing a lot and in this
formula so what's so special about this
formulas what's special about this
formula as you'll notice is that it
doesn't just say God gives us what we
want it doesn't say you just say God is
kind says God is just and God is kind
and we recognize that if God were just
just we would die and we would recognize
that if God were just kind we would kill
each other right because if God just let
us alone to do what we want to do we'd
kill each other so God is just and God
is kind he has to make exceptions to his
own rules my favorite phrase of this
actually I think is something people
miss read a little bit the part says he
visits the iniquity of parents on
children even the third and fourth
generation and people have questioned
this for millennia well why is that a
good thing right I mean why are you
guilty for what your parents did I
actually don't think that this is
normative meaning I don't think this is
like God is saying this is what I'm
supposed to do right on things Moses
saying is what God is supposed to do I
think that what Moses is saying is this
is how the system works the system works
this way and you we all know this from
our personal lives right how your
grandparents are how your parents are
that impacts you it's gonna impact your
kids it's gonna impact their kids I see
them in myself right I can see on my
grandparents impacted my parents will
impact me who impact how I raise my kids
the bad things that they do carry three
or four generations but there's another
version of this in the Bible where it
says God remembers kindnesses down to
the thousandth generation and that's the
kindness so the justice is that the
things you do have an impact on future
generations the kindness is that God
relieves you of those things and
remembers all the good things that you
do down to the thousands thousandth
generation okay now time for a couple of
quick things that I hate and then we
sold the mailbag so I mean we've blown
through the clock and you know it's over
again no one cares okay so things that I
hate Malthus mentioned this to me
yesterday and couldn't believe that I
hadn't done it yet so we're gonna do it
now Caitlyn Jenner was on the cover of
Sports Illustrated looking just
smoking-hot
and there is there is Caitlyn
who was in fact a dude with grown out
hair and an a boob job and still with
all of his male appendages down below
that's that's what Caitlyn Jenner is and
that's relevant only because they're
pretending the Caitlyn Jenner is a woman
and so he is thus a woman with a penis
and wearing his gold medals and they say
oh as you know her now Bruce Jenner
forty years after Montreal Hey Bruce
Jenner Caitlyn shouldn't be wearing
those medals because woman Caitlyn did
not win those medals right male Bruce
won those medals Bruce fundamentals
Caitlyn would not have been allowed to
participate presumably competing against
women and after the hormone therapy
would not be winning against men so but
this is this is the whole new Civil
Rights frontier for the left and what's
so damaging about this is that the myth
that men can turn into women and women
can turn into men it confuses kids
particularly and they're they're pushing
it into every aspect of culture they
have a transgender character and finding
dory now they're trying to tell kids
that you can choose your own gender
which is absolute bunk and it's and
Confused kids end up suicidal okay they
do there's a reason that the suicidality
rate pre post-op doesn't matter well
above forty percent for people in the in
the so-called transgender community but
the mainstreaming of this in the end the
suggestion that people like me who say
okay this is this is person this is a
person I feel terrible for this is not a
woman people like me it's our fault
if bad things happen to Caitlyn Jenner
know the bad thing already happened to
Caitlyn Jenner Caitlyn Jenner is
mentally ill and this is a terrible
terrible thing and they're celebrating a
terrible thing this is a person who had
an eight hour surgery on his face woke
up crying and saying what did I do
so what do they do they call the
psychiatrist to come in and explain no
it's perfectly normal to feel they feel
bad about them doing an eight hour
surgery but it'll be fine but it'll be
fine I am Not sure this is going to end
well okay the other thing that I hate so
this morning my co-host in the morning
show Alecia Krauss she brings up this
Kickstarter for this thing called life
and what exactly is life life is
apparently a magnet it's like a floating
plant does this play or is this just a
picture about a year ago I began
exploring these concepts of levitating
plants
and what's so cool about magnetism is a
force that we we can't see but we can
feel we're levitating the plant from the
ground in midair okay so an ro she says
she says you want to see the coolest
setting in the world it's the coolest
thing that you've ever seen and she
shows me this I'm like okay I guess it's
kind of cool this thing they asked for
eighty thousand dollars raised on
Kickstarter they were given three
hundred and twenty thousand dollars by
people and the only reason I can imagine
that this is the case is because people
don't is because as being same Clown
Posse says I mean we can listen to the
genius of the Insane Clown Posse explain
it water that's I think the the
sentiment behind the addictions do these
these magnets I had a co-host this in my
other co-host who's a lefty which
presumes that he's kind of dumb he
immediately said how does it work I mean
are they like forcing the magnets
together or like what did the man if
they take the magnets away will it fall
I'm like yes yes it will you are stupid
this is how magnets work congratulations
folks it's fine you want to spend money
the $189 apparently for two of these
things like I like magnets too they're
cool yay but come on okay it's just
they're just magnets okay time for a
couple of entries from the mailbag we'll
run through them pretty quickly Lindsey
is learning by now not to give me too
many entries that we don't go on too
long with the mailbag okay Seth right
recently a friend of mine asked who I
was voting for we both responded with
definitely not Hillary because he and I
still believe in preserving America's
Founding constitutional right however
then I then followed with but I don't
think I can compromise or rationalize my
principles and cast a vote for Trump
either
at this point I'm closer to casting a
vote for Gary Johnson or just sitting
this one out my friends seem shocked by
this he said anything other than a vote
for Trump is a vote for Hillary my
question to you is does that last
statement is anything other than a vote
for Trump is vote for Hillary idea hold
any weight in this election at all thank
you yeah hold some weight sure I mean I
don't think that it's fully truth I mean
by the same logic any vote that's not
for Hillary's vote for Trump you know if
this is me it is annoying when people
say a vote for of
for a vote not for either is a vote for
Hillary no it's a vote for neither right
if they were a tie ballgame and you were
the last deciding vote you didn't vote
it would remain his high ball game you
would be throwing the election to
Hillary
but that said as I said many many times
and will continue to say I understand if
you want to vote for Trump just to stop
Hillary I got it I get it I may disagree
the reason that I disagree is because my
view is that you're corrupting your
principles in order to vote for a guy
who's number one gonna lose and number
two even if he wins is then going to
corrupt the future of conservatism and
turn it into European far-right
nationalism and it's gonna be very
difficult for the conservative movement
to recover from the leadership of
somebody like Trump particularly when
conservatives fall in line and tell each
other to shut up about all of the
terrible things that he does and says
and all of the principles that that he
undermines and for example Stephen Moore
is a really good economist Stephen Moore
a free trader he's basically gone silent
now and he's trying to pretend that
Donald Trump isn't anti-free trade he is
now high freq red and I love Stephen
Moore but he's anti free trade when you
can't do that okay Justin right I agree
I think we agree conservatives need to
stand up to the left and stop allowing
them to set the moral framework of the
national conversation taking that to the
alt-right whose primary goal is to usurp
our movement should they be confronted
or ignored will their right wing version
of SJW politics defeat itself by virtue
of its lunacy or do we need to shift
focus to deal with this internal problem
I mean as you know I've been confronting
this head-on I think it's a mistake not
to confront it head-on I think that
people need to be informed because
people are gonna ruin their lives over
this there really will be young people
who fall into the alt-right trap where
they think that they're doing some great
good for the universe by shouting khakha
people or by using the n-word in chat
rooms and they're gonna find out that
not only did they not do their movements
any good not only did they not break the
stranglehold of the sjw's but they
actually are going to be targeted and
ruined by the sjw's but for saying
things that are pretty much indefensible
the n-word is pretty indefensible I
still haven't heard from for example
Miley innopolis he's a big all right guy
I still haven't heard from Milo use the
n-word but he says that he doesn't he's
not bothered if anybody else uses it
presumably but why doesn't my little use
it if my loss Oh God see why doesn't
Milo just use the n-word I mean if he
wants to violate taboos and destroy the
social justice control of language why
does it matter use the n-word and the
answer is because Milo knows it's stupid
to do so
Milo knows ass career-ender to do so
that's why Milo doesn't do it but he's
fair happy for other people to do it and
that's that's what I find so kind of
gross
about this this whole thing you're not
fighting political correctness by saying
things that are just vile you fight
political correctness by fighting
political correctness Matt says hi Ben
you talked about how tariffs are bad for
the economy which I agree with but if it
would mean an elimination of the income
tax in America would you support going
back to a system or virtually a hundred
percent of federal funding comes from
tariffs and the IRS keeps their grubby
fingers off our paychecks uh well I mean
if that's not the choice before us I
think that if we were to talk about
eliminating the income tax versus the
sort of protectionism that would pay for
our current budget no if we're talking
about the sort of tariffs that prevailed
at the beginning of the Republic versus
the income tax absolutely I mean those
were pretty low tariffs depends on the
level of tariffs in other words if
you're talking about a full
protectionism versus forty percent
income tax then no because full
protectionism destroys your economy but
there's really a mathematical
calculation not a moral one since both
of these things are bad the income tax
is bad and tariffs are bad if you're
gonna have if you're gonna have any sort
of tax at all to raise money for the
federal government my view is that the
only real tax that's that's fair is a
tax maybe on consumption and only for
purposes of how it's spent the purpose
of the the means of the tax is less
important to me than the spending that
arises from the tax the reason to income
tax are so high is because we have a
welfare state get rid of the welfare
state
you won't need all these tax dollars one
of the things I think is so stupid about
how Republicans talk about taxes is when
they save things like at George Gilder
makes this point when they say things
like you know we really have to we rid
the Laffer curve if we just lower tax
rates will get more government revenue I
don't want more government revenue if
government revenue lowers that's fine
with me so we cut that's the point I
want the government cut that's one of
the things I like it Ricardo writes how
important do you think minority votes
will be in this election can republicans
reach minorities with Trump as the
nominee no Republicans are not gonna
reach minority vote they don't reach
majority votes with Trump as the nominee
he's out there touting his Quinnipiac
poll showing him at 33% among Hispanics
if you believe that I have a bridge in
Brooklyn to sell you that ain't holding
up
as far as minority votes in the election
Hillary's gonna rely heavily on them one
of the reasons I think Hillary will do
well is because the minority vote will
come out not at the same rates as Obama
but in the same percentages and shows
you much better with the white vote than
Obama ever did
joy says hey Ben loved the show why does
Donald you're Donald Trump impression
sound like Zoolander with a sore throat
excellent question really excellent I've
been desperately trying to work on my
Trump impression I'll be honest with you
my Trump impression sucks it's terrible
my Obama my Obama is not bad at all my
Obama is pretty good in my Chris Malley
sounds not bad
he's neither very show and they have a
few that I haven't met John Kerry in my
my John Kerry impression here to serve
you the American people it I have a few
in my bag that they're good my Trump
sucked so I really need to sit down with
just a speech of Trump and honest-to-god
listening through a speech of Trump
doing this to be so hard but I need to
kind of stop and start and work with my
Trump impression that's why it's so bad
okay Travis writes Ben could you refer
me to a piece of literature you wrote
that best explains every which way the
government should stay out of the free
market
Thanks well I'm not sure that there's
never like one piece that I wrote about
this I mean that the basic idea here is
the free markets are almost one sentence
okay free markets are voluntary they're
voluntary transactions anybody who gets
in the way of voluntary transactions is
an obstacle to your freedom and
happiness there that's why government
should stay out of free markets Joseph
ministership you're a big fan
I wonder if you consider doing a Prager
you lecture series detailing
conservative arguments this would be an
excellent member benefit for your
website I would love to do that well
we'll think about how we can make that
happen
and as we gain members I think that were
going to be able to do more that kind of
stuff so if you're not subscribing folks
I know there are tens of thousands of
people who listen to this show every
single day as we say we're the number
one daily podcast for conservatives in
America by the numbers subscribe and
then we'll be able to do more of these
sorts of things Brett right what do you
think of the Rams moving back to LA I
could not care less I could not care
less
football is a TV sport I was perfectly I
was perfectly happy watching football on
TV I've never been to a football game I
don't feel the need to go to a football
game me spending taxpayer money to bring
the Rams back to LA they couldn't
sustain them here the first time they
couldn't stay in there the second time
so I don't see why that's a stand them
here now okay Taylor says with the
government continuing to grow more and
more at what point would you say our
government would become too radical
would it become possible at this point
for the people to fully implement the
Second Amendment take up arms start an
uprising against the government actually
be successful okay so this is a question
this is maybe the hardest question in
American politics it's almost an you
know it until you see it I can tell you
what my personal breaking point is my
personal breaking point comes when they
come to me and they say we're going to
take your kid from you because you
refuse to abide by our rules that's my
personal breaking point I think that's a
lot of people's personal breaking point
I think we're now I think tyranny is
gradations I don't think there's like a
hard point where it's tyranny I think
we're already living in a bureaucratic
tyranny the question is what level of
tyranny justifies armed resistance I
think if they come to me and they say
you can't worship as you see fit and
we're gonna take your kid away from you
if you try to do so that's when I'm
coming at you with a gun right that's
what I'm coming at you with a gun and
the other alternative being you move but
if they come after Texas if they come
after Idaho if they if it becomes there
are no places in America that you can
even run to you can't even move or they
restrict your movement I can't leave
California to go there then then armed
resistance becomes necessary and I think
that the federal government knows that
which is why at a certain point they're
gonna leave Texas along because they
know nobody wants this bloodbath nobody
it's one thing to do this to people in
California it's another thing to go to
the people of Texas and say by the way
we're taking your kids because you're
not teaching your five-year-old abouts
transgenderism and we're gonna take your
guns too and people in Texas they yeah
we've got a bunch of people from Texas
in this room and and Texas ain't gonna
stand for that kind of crap hey Chris
says hey Ben my question is about my
brother
he's a full-blown leftist at this point
that's sad he talks about cultural
appropriation he hates jokes at the
expense of marginalized people as he
calls them and worst of all he's a vegan
okay so first of all I'm gonna I'm gonna
I'm gonna make fun of vegans for just a
second I make fun of vegans for just a
second because there are marginalized
people and I'm gonna culturally
appropriate by saying that he may be a
vegetable
hey the point being how will you raise
your kids shouldn't still conservative
values in them you have to give to the
mission in life it's not just enough to
raise them with conservative values you
have to give them a mission and the
mission is living out those values in a
way that makes the world a better place
well kids are seeking his mission what
everyone is seeking is mission everyone
wants to know what their place in the
world is like the left gives them
mission it's why people like Bernie
Sanders they feel like a part of
something conservatives don't do that we
basically say you're on your own go live
your own life that's freedom that's true
but that's not a mission that's not a
mission your mission is to promulgate
those values among family and friends to
build families that are capable of
fighting for those values to spread
those values throughout
world that's our mission that's our
mission if you don't have a mission
you're gonna lose your kids the annuals
has been if you could write and direct a
movie what would it be about and who
would you want to act in it great
question great question so I'll say this
is kind of a funny answer but if I could
pick one movie that I think would be a
successful box office movie cuz there
are lots of movies that you can cut and
and like the movie about something the
movie that I would that I would do is a
movie about the ali-frazier fights the
ali-frazier fights so the I've talked
about this before I'm boxing fan Ali
Frazier is so fascinating because it was
such a cultural phenomenon Joe Frazier
was a working class hero a black working
class hero from Philadelphia who wanted
to bring races together
Ali was a race-baiting Nation of Islam
radical and and Frazier basically got
him back into boxing lobbied so that he
could fight him and then I'll be
proceeded to ruin Frazier with the black
community I'll he proceeded to say that
he was a sellout that he was an Uncle
Tom Frazier wasn't a smart guy him know
what I called Tom Ament Ali might not
have either buddies being fed lines by
the Nation of Islam which is a truly
evil organization and he and Ali
basically ruins Frazier in the black
community and they fight first time
Frazier knocks him out doesn't knock him
out knocks him down and and wins the
decision they fight a second time
doesn't really matter neither one is
champion at that point and they fight a
third time and by this point Ali is the
champion again and he gives Frazier a
fight and Frazier at this point is blind
in one eye he's blind in one eye he's
old he doesn't have pretty much anything
left and Ali knows it and Ali has tons
of reach on him much bigger guy Ali's
like 6 Tuesday
I think it's May 6 3 or 6 for Frazier's
like 510 right he's got a short reach
and he's blind in one eye and all he
gives him the fights he thinks that that
Frazier's got nothing and Frazier and
then they go to Manoa
there's the thrill in Manoa they go to
Manila and Ali proceeds to call Joe
Frazier a gorilla he says I'm gonna
fight the gorilla at the Thrilla in
Manilla and he's carrying around a
little ugly gorilla doll I mean this is
racist crap right and and he goes after
Joe Frazier personally he says he's
stupid and he's ugly I'm smart and
pretty he's stupid he's ugly he's a
sellout he's an Uncle Tom he's not a
real black man which again is ridiculous
because Ali grew up middle class in
Louisville as Cassius Clay and Frazier
grew up dirt poor in Philadelphia in the
ghetto and and they have this climactic
fight and
Fraser wants to murder him I mean wants
to kill him in the ring and they go 14
rounds and it's a great boxing match you
can watch it it's a great boxing match
and they get to the end of the 14th
round and Fraser who like Ali had an
unique capacity to absorb contact he had
a great jaw and he didn't look cut like
even when he got hit a lot he didn't
look beat up Fraser looks just beaten
and broken but he's but he's going in
there he's doing bodywork on Ali like
really hurting him badly and they go
back to their respective corners and
Ollie's and Ali's corner tells and tells
him like can you handle this and all
he's like I'm not sure I can handle this
I may have to throw in the towel and
meanwhile in the other corner Fraser is
saying if you throw in this how're you
like you don't throw in the towel and
his and his manager says Joe if you go
out there you're going to die you're
literally going to die they're out on
the campus on the cat and eat eat
someone killed in the ring and you're
going to die like you're this close and
and so he throws in the towel and if
Fraser throws in the towel and Ali went
but for the rest of his life for the
that fight basically finishes Ali is
great fighter Holly's basically done at
that point Fraser is if Fraser for the
rest of his life is crippled by this
feeling of the insecurity in the black
community that he was once a hero in
because of ollie at least now this great
hero across America the villain becomes
the hero and the hero becomes forgotten
right and and he and he spends the rest
of his life bitter and angry about this
to the point where they asked Fraser
later in his life you know about those
fights and he says yeah I'll leave one
two of the three fights but if you look
at Ali now that Parkinson's and you know
he wasn't so much punishment from Fraser
crippled him for life he says if you
look at if you look at Frazier if you
look at Holly now I won all three fights
right and he then the message on his the
message on his answering machine
till the day he died was he said float
like a butterfly sting like a bee which
is Ali's thing he said float like a
butterfly sting like a bee butterfly and
floatin no more so them bitter bitter
angry man all the way till his death and
Ali never was able to really rectify
that and never could because he could
never give back to Frazier what he'd
taken from him in his younger days but
was held as a hero at the end of his
life and really is kind of a story it's
sort of a story of America it's sort of
story of an American tragedy how
tribalism and racialism destroyed our
ability to come together destroyed
heroes that we had in favor of people
who are divisive and then elevated those
people how the counterculture became the
culture I think it's a fast
stories if I could write and direct a
movie that would be the first one on my
list that I think would actually do well
at the box office
okay one more Nathan says in light of
Trump's implosion and the left's
reasserted insanity what should sound
mind and conservatives do I've already
said that one so we'll go to Sam Sam
says hi Ben I'm British I voted for
brexit because of growing corporatism
across Europe something left seized as a
result of capitalism when in fact it's
its antithesis why do you think
corporatism and corruption has grown so
much in America and Europe and what can
be done to stop it
the reason corporatism grows is because
if you are a big business you want
corporatism you want people locked out
of the market if you're a small business
then you think the government's going to
give you the benefits if you can just
get to that point and so corporatism
does really well cuz those are the
people who give donations to the
politicians those are the people who run
all the big businesses that hire
everybody corporatism is very popular
and has been really since the advent of
the fascist state corporatism was an
invention of mussolini
right it was the corporatism is a
fascist term the idea being that the
state is a corpus right it's a body and
every element of the and every element
of the state should be like a limb of
the body and the state will organize how
many industries are allowed to succeed
in which industries succeed in which
fail that's what corporatism is it's
become popular because the people in the
industries that are helped obviously
that's popular among and everybody else
we don't even notice that the
government's doing it until we become
the victims of it so that's why it's
become so popular and always will be
popular unless you have principled
people standing against it okay so that
was a super long episode but we will be
back next week on Monday and as promised
in the Facebook live session I won't
shave over the weekend so you're about
to see sexy bun oh oh yeah I know
everybody's very pumped up and no no
bumped up but it's okay we'll be back
here on Monday for more because there
will be more news breaking I'm sure over
the weekend I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
you
