Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are
presenting Americans with their
competing views on trade and the economy
Hillary Clinton explained how Democrat
policies would create jobs let's say
you're a house builder you may think
that illogical minimum wage laws and
overly stringent environmental
regulations that drive the cost of your
labor and materials into the
stratosphere might put you out of
business but luckily Democrats are
allowing millions of illegal immigrants
into the country who work off the books
and don't have to obey those rules so
they can work on your house much more
cheaply if you still had a house which
of course you don't because you went out
of business but at least now you qualify
for welfare and in order to pay for that
we have to borrow billions from future
generations so the children of illegal
immigrants who will be legal will
ultimately have to pay for your will
welfare so you have revenge meanwhile
Donald Trump offered his plan to restore
the economy harking back to the 18th
century necessity of funding the
government through tariffs Trump said
that he would renegotiate our foreign
trade deals and if the British continued
to interfere with our frigates he would
make common cause with the Cherokee and
Iroquois Indian tribes to drive the
Redcoats from our shores Trump said that
other nations were stealing such
traditional American jobs as pot making
spear sharpening and bison hunting but
under a trump economy they would all
come back most economists agree Hillary
Clinton addressed the issue of trade by
saying she would make deals with foreign
countries that would bring in hundreds
of millions of dollars in order to
ensure a very very comfortable
retirement not only for herself in houma
but also for Chelsea Clinton and
probably the grandkids as well these
deals with such loyal American allies as
Saudi Arabia Kuwait and Qatar would
enable mrs. Clinton to help clean up the
environment by shutting down American
coal oil and fracking industries while
still getting us enough gas to fuel our
cars by buying billions of dollars worth
of oil from Arab nations who could then
continue to fund the Islamist terrorist
groups who kill us thereby causing there
to be fewer Americans who need work and
bringing down the unemployment rate haha
Donald Trump countered that he would
bring down the unemployment rate by
ending free trade so that we no longer
had to buy goods from foreigners
could simply trade with one another this
would cause less competition driving up
prices which mean we means we would all
get more money for what we sell and
therefore have enough money to pay for
the exorbitant prices of the things we
buy causing the prices to go even higher
so we would have even more money to pay
for the even higher prices until finally
a pack of gum cost seven thousand
dollars and you can make a fortune just
by selling gum so you can afford gum
commenting on the candidates competing
ideas president obama said gosh they all
sounded good to him but then he didn't
know much about the economy and was sure
glad it wasn't up to him to do anything
about it trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Androscoggin show
you know I theory about what's going on
I was trying to expand my theories to
take in more of the facts my new theory
is that Shapiro and Jeremy boring the
editor-in-chief of The Daily wire have
taken over all my devices and our
feeding false news to try and get me to
believe that America is going to
nominate Donald Trump and Hillary for
president I think they're in the next
room giggling like children going I
think Clavin bought it I think he thinks
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump all
right you know if the two of them I look
it I go from one to the other it's like
a ping-pong watching a ping-pong match
if a lie could lie about being lie it
would still be more honest than Hillary
Clinton step ahead of the game and and
Trump what Trump is like he's like one
of those old flying machines that they
used to build before they discovered
Bernoulli's principle you know where
they would build these wings and all
this stuff and it would look great and
the guy would jump off the cliff and
they were trying to put a good face on
it they would say hey flew a hundred
yards it was just straight down like all
right we're live on Facebook all we live
hey okay we'll live for 15 minutes
that's all you get and then when the
real stuff Brett comes out the nudity
and the oh yeah the trash talk then
we'll be gone you know then you have to
subscribe come on the daily wire can
hear the whole show or you can subscribe
for 30 days for free and then eight
bucks a month which we remove directly
from your
mother's bank account and what the stuff
that you were going to pay her for
living in her basement okay we started
this is we started this week with brexit
and we end going into the July fourth
weekend so the theme obviously is
Liberty as freedom and the breaking news
is that Boris Johnson who was the big
leader the former London Mayor was the
big leader of the exit the EU movement
in Britain and everybody thought was
going to be the Prime Minister has
suddenly for reasons we that are not
quite clear decided he's not going to
run here's his announcement this is our
chance to think globally again to lift
our eyes to the horizon to bring our
unique British voice and values powerful
humane progressive to the great global
forums without being elbowed aside by a
supranational body and instead of being
afflicted by enough that I'll seize this
chance and make this our moment to stand
tall in the world that is the agenda for
the next prime minister of this country
but I must tell you my friends you who
have waited faithfully for the punch
line of this speech that having
consulted colleagues and in view of the
circumstances in Parliament I have
concluded that person cannot be me my
role my role will be to give every
possible support to the next
Conservative administration to make sure
that we properly fulfill the Mandate of
the people that was delivered at the
referendum and to champion the agenda I
believe it so something's going on here
because his pal the justice secretary
michael gove who was supposed to support
him in his bid for to become Prime
Minister has now it's now going to
announce that he was going to run for
Prime Minister and that's why he Boris
stepped down so it's now going to be
this guy Michael Gove and the Home
Secretary Theresa May who has a very
good reputation she was not in favor she
was not in favor of the exit but she was
kind of soft about it she kept out of
the
out of the fray she has a very good
Thatcherite kind of reputation two
things to notice before we move on to
American politics though one is the
stock market has come bouncing back not
only our stock market birthday but the
footsie FTSE you know it's come that's
the Financial Times Stock Exchange I
couldn't remember what it was before but
they both come back so it's not that
there's not going to be hard days and
ups and downs and all this stuff it's
just that this apocalyptic disaster that
was predicted and that they were they
can't deny that they were pointing at
the stock market going see see you know
well now suddenly it's all very quiet
it's hilarious if you read the New York
Times a forum former newspaper you will
see these these kind of machinations in
their politics being reported as if it
was a shooting war they're saying in
that chaos and panic and it's this is
parliamentary politics this is what
parliamentary politics is like it's a
lot more dramatic than our politics even
though our politics has gotten pretty
darn close so the other important thing
to notice was when Boris Johnson was
talking Johnson is not they keep doing
this thing about xenophobia was all that
xenophobia and you know hating
immigrants and bigotry and all this
Boris Johnson is a euro he likes he's
not a euro folk he is a euro file he
loves Europe he considers Britain to be
part of Europe he doesn't want to
separate from Europe he just wants to
get out of this super state where
Brussels is running Britain without
being answerable to the British voter so
he wants to be a full and complete free
Britain in Europe trading with Europe
and that's the thing that the EU is in
their small mindedness and their
desperation to hang on to power is going
to stop them try and stop them from
doing so that's the drama that's coming
down the bike but meanwhile this this we
have to just pause for a minute to make
sure you understand that the left is
selling this whole thing selling this
freedom movement as bigotry that's
because that's where we're going to come
back to in a while this whole idea that
freedom is racism freedom is racism you
just have to take a look at christian
i'm a poor journalist as she attacks she
is the she has got to be the worst
journalist in the world i mean she is so
biased and then whenever anybody says
she's biased she gets very huffy it's
like take that she says today this is an
interview she did with dan and
take that back take that you know she's
so biased here she is like basically
jumping down Hannon's this is the
conservative European MP who was
basically has always been in favor of
Britain getting out of the EU she's
jumping down his throat and accusing him
that the whole thing is about
immigration which keinen isn't a
supporter of by the way he's a big
immigration supporter he just says that
now London England is going to decide
who comes in does not that parliamentary
sovereignty could quite easily allow the
same number of people to keep coming
into your decision for Parliament that's
how do herself are you kidding me what
his whole thing was run on American Idol
a fear you guys have been shouting
racist so long no listen to what we did
I say that when you retract well did I
say well have I ever made immigration I
say that you guys you would accuse me of
paki reckon I can I want you to give me
one bit of evidence so I haven't said
anything to sound by I'm not your just
program well that was fair yeah that's
look and she only does it to people she
opposes by the way she'd let the other
guy on another interview she knew she'd
let that guy run on until I was dozing
off that you know the pro-europe guy
she's just let him on go on and on in
this drone dan henig her the guy from
The Wall Street Journal is kind of a
very good kind of central consentir
conservative guy he writes a column it
puts it very succinctly what this is
about the vote by the people of the
United Kingdom to separate from the
European Union was actually brexit the
sequel the first brexit vote took place
35 years ago in the United States with
the election of Ronald Reagan who
carried 44 states Reagan and his first
inaugural address in 1981 could not have
been more explicit about what his
election stood for in this present
crisis Reagan said government is not the
solution to our problem government is
the problem brexit is shorthand for
government is the problem says henager
liberal intellectuals have mocked reagan
for reducing his theory of government to
a bumper sticker but he elaborated on
the idea with words that would have fit
in the founders debates here is Reagan
again we have been tempted to believe
that society has become too complex to
be managed by self rule that government
by an elite group is superior to
government for
by and of the people but if no one among
us is capable of governing himself then
who among us has the capacity to govern
someone else perfect logic this thing
about everything has gotten too
complicated it basically started with
Woodrow Wilson he was the expert he was
the intellectual he was a very Obama
like figure Rihanna think he was I think
he was a terrible president but he was a
first guy I guess Teddy Roosevelt was
first guy to say it was a progressive
but Woodrow Wilson was right up there he
was you know he was said that the
experts is gotten too complex experts
have to run the country FDR the same
thing experts have to run the country
Obama the same thing he said I wish I
could just sit down with the experts and
solve all our problems but I've got this
crappy democracy thing that keeps
getting on on our way so Donald Trump
has tried to pick up you know he's not
an idiot he's tried to pick up I take
that back but he's not playing this kind
of idiot he has tried to pick up on that
populist feeling with this speech he
made earlier in the week about the
economy that was just I listen you know
there's a poll out today from Rasmussen
kind of an outlier poll that has him a
hit has Trump ahead and I know that Ben
thinks Trump has no chance I don't I
don't believe that for a second this has
really been a good two weeks for Donald
Trump there was the abortion decision
which even had me thinking if there is
some chance that Donald Trump might
smoke a doobie and stumble into a room
and appoint a good justice just by
accident I'll vote for him you know if
there's some chance to keep Hillary
Clinton from filling the one two three
or four spots that could come up in the
next four years you know it would be
worth it to stop and that abortion
decision made me crazy made a lot of
people crazy this this new attack and
Istanbul with Obama clueless about what
to do and clueless about why we're being
attacked and clues about how to stop it
you know it just makes Trump look good
and it wouldn't surprise me but he made
a speech about the economy that was as
bad as it could be just here's just a
piece of it that he's talking in this
effect it's like he's talking from
inside of dumpsters on they go ahead
but if we're going to deliver real
change we're going to have to reject the
campaign of fear and intimidation being
pursued by powerful corporations media
elites and political dynasties the
people who rigged the system for their
benefit will do anything and say
anything to keep things exactly the way
they are the people who rigged the
system are supporting Hillary Clinton
because they know as long as she is in
charge nothing's going to change the
inner cities will remain poor the
factories will remain closed the borders
will remain open the special interest
will remain firmly in control Hillary
Clinton and her friends and global
finance want to scare America into
thinking small and they want to scare
American people out of voting for the
better future and you have a great
future folks you have a great future
these people have given her tens of
millions of dollars my campaign has the
absolute opposite message I want you to
imagine a much better life and a life
where you can believe in the American
dream again right now you can't do that
now that's what Trump is really good at
what Trump is good at is getting to the
problem touching that tone of you know
working class anger or we've been
cheated we've been robbed you know we
was we was robbed that the whole thing
but when he starts talking about he's
going to destroy NAFTA he's going to get
rid of free trade he's gonna put tariffs
I mean tariffs you know it's I don't
wanna get into the high weeds about this
it's just the ideas are bad the ideas
are bad the more people you can trade
with I mean it's simple logic if I have
a books if I have a book to sell there
are three people in this room I can get
a better price if I have 15 people I can
get a better price if I have 30 people
and yes think you know jobs and goods
are goods are cheaper goods are going to
come in from outside and some jobs are
going to leave
at the end of his speech at the end of
Trump speech after talking absolute pure
protectionist nonsense Trump got to the
real problem for like one sentence that
mean I will quote the end of this we
will make America the best place in the
world to start a business hire workers
and open a factory this includes massive
tax reform to lift the crushing burdens
on American workers and businesses and
the tax is crushing I mean we have let
this get it completely out of an we will
also get rid of wasteful rules and
regulations which are destroying our job
creation capacity many people think that
these regulations are an even greater
impediment than the fact that we are one
of the highest tax nations in the world
I'm one of those people you know one of
the things that happen we had a crash in
2008 that was like the crash that
started the Great Depression the only
thing that stopped it from being that
bad is we had gotten so rich because of
free trade and because of capitalism and
because of Reagan cutting you know is
reforming the tax code and Clinton's
sort of sticking to that we had gotten
so rich in the meantime that we didn't
need bread lines we didn't have
Hoovervilles you know it was it was a
crash was just as bad that crash was
caused by what Frederick Hayek calls the
fatal conceit the fatal conceit is that
the world can be run better from the top
than it can buy the people that the
people can control oh yeah we have to
say goodbye to Facebook pardon me thank
you John doesn't take a bite of Facebook
we're going to finish this conversation
elsewhere be there at the daily wire the
fatal conceit is that people at the top
can run the economy better than people
at the bottom than the ordinary guy
making his own decisions okay and this
is you know in 2008 we had a crash
because the government said to people
you have to loan said to the banks you
have to loan money to people who can't
afford to pay it back because they're
black and you're being unfair to them by
not being racist they weren't being
racist it was shown later in studies
that they weren't being racist they just
weren't loaning money to people who
couldn't pay it back so with government
Fiat with government backing they
started loaning money to people who
couldn't afford it those loans went into
the economic system with a Wall Street
out of control The Wall Street started
packaging them and selling them again
and again and again so that like it was
like a poison
set out by the government the poison was
released by the government spread
through wall street when suddenly guess
what the people couldn't pay these
things the entire economy collapsed now
who wrote the bill to answer that who
wrote the law the guy who pushed and
pushed and pushed that system Barney
Frank and his ally chris dodd is crony
krista they wrote the dodd-frank law
that is now stepping has its foot on the
neck of our economy it has got it they
bait it basically as a government
takeover of the banks and so before the
bank can loan to you this has to go
through incredible hoops and credit to
comply with this thousands and thousands
of pages of this law well what does that
mean that means if you come in there and
say oh you know I was in my garage
yesterday and I invented this pill that
makes you invisible and i think i can
sell this you know that day like Frodo I
think if Frodo would like this bill you
know then you say could you loan me
money no they can't because they've got
these guys down their throat they have
taken it and that's on top of the
takeover of the health care industry
these people have stuffed our economy
into the pocket of government and it is
stuck there meanwhile you can smell you
can feel the people trying to reinvent
the economy that uber they've got Airbnb
and wherever these things pop up
suddenly the government is going wait a
minute wait a minute I didn't get a
bribe for your taxi license I didn't get
a bribe you know for you didn't pay the
regulations and have the fire for your
Airbnb you know I'm gonna I got to be
able to send inspectors around or I
don't get mine because that's the big
flaw in capitalism by the way is that
the top guys don't get their bribes
that's why they it works perfectly
capitalism just a little bit of
regulation to keep everything fair to
make sure nobody lies nobody cheats
those regulations are great nobody wants
an unregulated society you can't have it
it doesn't exist so now Obama who is the
president you may recall he is in Canada
right with the three amigos the Canada
Mexico and America for a trade deal and
he gets asked about this and Trump is
right up his snooty I mean Trump has
really gotten up his
is you know in his face and Obama he
won't even mention him he won't even
named him but he says to people you know
you keep he says you called Trump a
populists I'm the populace because I'm
trying to fix this and I'm trying to fix
that and I'm trying to help this one I'm
trying to help that one but it's not
Trump so here's here's where he gets off
on Trump somebody else who has never
shown any regard for workers has never
fought on behalf of social justice
issues are making sure that poor kids
are getting a decent shot at life or
have health care in fact have worked
against economic opportunity for workers
and ordinary people they don't suddenly
become a populist because they say
something controversial in order to win
votes stop a measure of populism
that's nativism or xenophobia
or worse where's just cynicism so I
would just advise everybody be careful
about suddenly attributing to whoever
pops up at a time of economic anxiety
the label that their populace where
they've been have they been on the front
lines working on that of working people
they've been carrying the laboring order
open up opportunities for more people
now there there there people like Bernie
Sanders who I've I think genuinely
deserved the title because he has been
in the vineyards fight on behalf of
these issues and they're the questions
just going to be all right we share
values we share goals how do we achieve
it he's a socialist he just said it he's
a socialist he guy is it completely deaf
to what the people are saying what
they're saying is we want to fix it we
do it you can't do it you cannot do it
but this is what Obama sold remember
that the poor little zombie kid who is
forced to sing that that Obama song we
we have a player we blinked out her face
for her future we're gonna spread
happiness we're gonna spread freedom
Obama's gonna change it Obama's gonna
lead um we're gonna change
and rearranges we're gonna change the
world hate to think I hate to think that
kid is sitting in a bar somewhere now
with a double bourbon gun that didn't
work out give me another layer my mom
maybe do it don't blame me just pass me
another drink o gently it's like I think
this is this is the thing he sold us
he's gonna change it he's gonna fix it
he doesn't hear what what trumpet I'm
not even sure Trump years it but he
somehow has an instinct for it that he
we just want to be left alone we want
these guys out of our banks we want them
out of our businesses we want them out
of our workplaces yes safety regs a few
safety regs a few health regs you know
we net we get it we get it we need a
government we're not angels but you know
this has become absurd that and they use
the they use the environment and they
use this economic panic on brexit it's
all about making you afraid to take
control of your own life okay and the
other thing that they use is this racism
thing here's here's Tavis Smiley you
heard obama say it this is NM phobias
nativism or worse meaning racism Tavis
Smiley the talk show host from PBS guy I
really cannot tolerate and he's on PBS
whoa he's he alone is a reason to stop
funding PBS through the government
here's Tavis Smiley telling you what he
thinks it from we've been talking a lot
on this program some great conversation
today John about economic nationalism
and about globalization but what some
view as retrenchment others view as race
baiting David Cameron made a huge turn
to the right last year he threw
immigrants under the bus tried to
distance himself in the refugee crisis
tried to connect then-candidate con now
the mayor of london to Isis clearly
there was some race baiting in this
campaign the rise of racial movements in
the country around the world way out
there in this country are disturbing so
when you bring it back home to Donald
Trump and his his his mantra contends to
be make America great again they're
three questions one has to ask very
quickly one for whom number two what
halcyon days you're talking about going
back to Windows America saw a great we
want to return into it number three what
about those fellow citizens for a home
they
waiting perennially to experience the
true greatness of America and I think
when people start asking those questions
it's not going to be a victory for
Donald Trump see now I I don't want to
knock him because he is speaking for a
lot of black people they took a poll
recently it showed America is starkly
divided by race and responses to dozens
of questions black and white Americans
told pollsters that as the
administration of the nation's first
black president comes to an end they
remain split on the role and reality of
race in everyday life according to the
new Pew data black and white Americans
disagree not just about whether there's
still work to be done for blacks to
achieve equal rights eighty-eight
percent of black respondents said there
is compared with fifty-three percent of
whites but also about whether the
country will ever achieve racial
equality so he's sitting there to Tavis
Smiley and he's telling you that America
was never great it was never great for
black people you know a lot of times we
we talk conservatives go why are blacks
not Republicans Democrats held slaves
Democrats were in favor of segregation
Democrats where the Ku Klux Klan
Democrats and in their stupid welfare
policies destroyed or help the store to
funded the destruction of the black
family every bat every bad black
neighborhood is in a is in a Democrat
City you Wyatt it's because it's because
they trust the federal government more
than they trust the states and
historically that there's a lot of sense
to that and that's they think Obama is
going to change it it's you know it's
not it's not black lives matter it's
Obama's life matter he is going to do
everything for us compare this to Martin
Luther King compared to his famous
speech I have a dream
but one day this nation will rise up
live out the true meaning of its Creed
we hold these truths to be self-evident
that all men are created I have a dream
that one day on the Red Hills of Georgia
sons of former slaves and the sons of
former slave owners will they be able to
sit down together at the table of
brotherhood I have a dream that one day
even the state of Mississippi a state
sweltering with the heat of injustice
sweltering with the heat of oppression
will be transformed into an oasis of
freedom and justice I have a dream my
four little children will one day live
in a nation where they will not be
judged by the color of their skin but by
the content of their character I have a
dream today so it's not that America was
never great it needs to it is great its
Creed is great and it needs to live into
the meaning of its Creed and you cannot
judge people by the color of their skin
this is so basic so basic to everything
we think everything we feel and the
Supreme Court is you know extenuating
affirmative action which goes totally
against this that we judge a person on
the content of his character now when
you do that everything looks a lot
different black lives matter Trayvon
Martin case looks a lot different when
you judge it not on the color of
people's skin but on the content of
their character all those black lives
matter cases look a lot different you
know the great paradox of freedom as we
go into July 4th the great paradox of
freedom is this the freedom is a quality
of individuals you are not free if you
can't do what you want if you can't buy
what you want if you can't sleep with
who you want if you can't go and do and
say what you want that's what you're
free if individuals are free but only
associations can create individuals who
know how to be free deserve to be free
only families and churches and
neighborhoods and schools can create
individuals who know even though they
can buy whatever they want maybe they
shouldn't buy this and they should buy
that maybe though they can sleep with
whoever they want maybe they shouldn't
sleep around maybe they should commit to
somebody even though they can go and do
and say what they want maybe there are
some things they shouldn't say only our
associations can build those kinds of
individuals and the future you know you
wonder how we're going to be free again
we're going to be free again because of
you you are going to make us free again
you're going to make us free again in
your family you're going to make us
freegan in your business in your town
and your school and the things you teach
your children and you say to me well
Washington is going to stop us they're
going to come after us and I say to you
yes they are the old enemy was Britain
the new enemy is Washington who told you
there would not be enemies to freedom
who told you they wouldn't look like you
who told you they wouldn't be part of
your country who told you this was going
to be easy this is freedom folks people
die for it all you have to do is stand
up for it and teach it to your children
and make sure your schools teach it and
face down the feds when they come after
you which brings me to stuff I like I
want to end you know I've talked before
about the beautiful beautiful British
hymns that we don't get in this country
and one of them is a very famous
patriotic hymn and so will close with
this with a salute to Britain for
reminding us for reminding us what we
taught them in 1776 that men are meant
to be free people are meant to be free
and meant to make their own decisions
and not meant to be told by government
how they should live and there's this
beautiful hymn called I vow to thee my
country it's based on a poem and the
idea that i'm going to read the lyrics
is very short the idea of it is that we
have two allegiances and this is what
i'm talking about we have an allegiance
to our country and we have allegiance to
god's country and only by paying
attention paint loyalty to both those
allegiances can we have the kind of
freedom that we want and deserve and the
lyrics of this i vow to thee my country
all earthly things above entire and
whole and perfect the service of my love
the love that asks no question the
that stands the test that lays upon the
altar the dearest and the best talking
about sacrifice the love that never
falters the love that pays the price the
love that makes undaunted the final
sacrifice and there's another country
I've heard of long ago most dear to them
that love her most great to them that
know we may not counter armies we may
not see her King her fortress is a
faithful heart her pride is suffering
and sold by soul and silently her
shining bounds increase in her ways are
ways of gentleness and all her paths are
peace have a glorious fourth of July on
Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew Clavin
show and we'll see you again on Tuesday
Oh
Oh
oh that's nice
door
