on Monday science advocate Neil deGrasse
Tyson took to Twitter to issue another
of his myriad idiotic thought vomit
missives it said earth needs a virtual
country ration alia with a one-line
Constitution all policies shall be based
on the weight of evidence this of course
is typical stuff from Tyson who
considers himself a genius but also
tweets things like this he says if
Batman wants so badly to be a bat he
might be more intriguing if like
Marvel's daredevil he were also blind
like a bat bats are not blind he also
tweeted people who are anti Trump are
actually anti Trump supporters they
oppose free citizens voting for the real
Donald Trump what but his main point in
this tweet is that the saying is the
same as that of most bureaucratic
leftist there's an intellectual
oligarchy capable of determining
scientific truth and ruling accordingly
so all you peons should bow before the
great and powerful vested aahs now there
are some issues on which scientific
truth can be ascertained but those
issues pretty much never have anything
to do with public policy so we all
agreed the gravity exists that doesn't
determine whether we ought to build a
machine to defy gravity and shoot it to
the moon for example more broadly public
policy should of course be
evidence-based but we have a problem of
judgment what evidence counts how
heavily should we weigh certain evidence
against other evidence how do we weigh
risks
what makes an astrophysicist from
Columbia more capable of weighing risk
to my life than anybody else why
shouldn't we all get a say there is no
evidence to suggest that one big special
astrophysicist man knows better than the
aggregated knowledge of billions of
people in fact precisely the opposite is
true let's take for example one of Neil
deGrasse Tyson's favorite issues global
warming let's accept Tyson's incorrect
premise that global warming is nearly
entirely man-made presumably Tyson would
then say we have to shut down vast
swathes of Industry across the world but
how are we supposed to determine the
risks from global warming when all the
predictions contain high levels of
uncertainty how do we determine whether
a given measure actually stops global
warming and whether the risk of
destroying the living standards of
billions of people is worth the cost
most importantly what gives Neil
deGrasse Tyson or anybody else the moral
wherewithal to prize his own priorities
now flooding a hundred years from now
more than the poor person who loses his
job and has his life
shortened by decades to fulfill Neil
deGrasse Tyson's priorities here's the
thing there are no easy answers here
even where scientists presumably have a
higher capacity for analyzing the
evidence values in the end still
determine risk assessment the people
still have a right to a say in their own
lives so take another issue look at
crime or abortion or taxes we can have
all the same evidence on the table and
still disagree what magic reason King
would be able to invariably determine
the proper measures based on a proper
calculation of the evidence and why do I
get the peculiar feeling that this
magical reason king in neil degrasse
tyson's mind looks exactly like neil
degrasse tyson the purpose of a republic
is to avoid the Divine Right of Kings or
the divine right of bureaucrats
rationale yeah it's from Tyson's country
it doesn't exist not because rationality
doesn't exist but because only
intellectually bigoted people think
rationality isn't impacted by the value
premises that you choose rationality and
practice ends up looking like tyranny
the Soviet Union thought it was rational
so did Nazi Germany so does North Korea
no dictator has ever thought that he was
irrational maybe Neil deGrasse Tyson
would be a benevolent dictator maybe he
would be but historically tyranny based
on self proclaimed rationality hasn't
been maybe if Tyson actually cared about
that evidence he'd stop promoting his
own personal utopia i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show so first of all
folks welcome welcome to our next
Facebook live podcast we're very excited
that you're here with us live to the
thousands of people who are watching us
simultaneously or we're very excited to
have you if you want to see the rest of
the show after we do this about 15
minutes and then we're going for another
three hours no it's really really like
40 minutes but but it's a lot more
there's a lot more where that came from
you go to daily wire comm if you just
want to download the audio you go to
SoundCloud or iTunes and you can get on
your phone but you should go to daily
wire comm so you can continue to see me
and this beautiful poem after that after
we stop for the day on Facebook live
okay so we begin today we begin today
with fallout from from Hillary and Trump
so there's some new polling data and I
think that it's worthwhile going through
this polling data if you look at the
headline on Drudge right now it's
shocked poll Clinton and Trump in dead
heat and there is a
from Quinnipiac today that shows that
Clinton is leading Trump 40 to 40 now
that's not I mean it statistically it's
a tie because within the margin of error
but it's just another poll where Hillary
is a little bit ahead and people are
going nuts over this look at how close
this is this is so close and if you put
in third-party candidates then it
becomes a thirty nine Clinton 37 Trump
race which demonstrates that like a
third of the public just wants to kill
themselves rather than vote basically
but you know this is presumably good
news for the Trump campaign this is
presumably good news for the Trump
campaign there's another problem though
and that is that there's a new poll out
from the battleground states and this
battleground state poll basically shows
that it's not that close does this
battleground state poll shows that that
Hillary is destroying Trump in virtually
every battleground state so right now
she's beating him 51 to 37 in Florida 45
to 41 in Iowa 52 33 in Michigan 48 to 38
North Carolina 46 to 37 in Ohio 49 to 35
in Pennsylvania and 45 to 38 in Virginia
now the people who love Trump and think
he's gonna win they they have started to
do the unscrew the polls don't trust the
polls routine Nate silver came out today
he says there's about a 79% shot that as
things currently stand Trump loses to
Hillary Clinton that could change
obviously that's how forecasting worked
you forecast based on the material in
front of you right now he's not
predicting what's gonna happen tomorrow
maybe Hillary drops dead of a heart
attack right but he is predicting based
on current conditions how would this go
people are very upset with Nate silver
for saying this and they're upset
because they say well Nate silver got
Trump wrong in the beginning the reason
Nate silver got Trump wrong is because
and he's admitted this like he like an
idiot he ignored his own polling data he
thought he was smarter than the polls
here he's saying here's what the polls
say right if you look at 538 which I
follow closely if you look at 538 they
always have two measures one is called
the polls measure and one is the polls
Plus measure the polls measure is more
accurate than the polls Plus measure
polls plus is sort of his opinion mixed
in with the polls and that was less
accurate the polls themselves actually
are pretty accurate
the bottom line here is this people are
saying this is a close race it's getting
closer
the reason it's getting closer is not is
not because Trump is getting more
popular
the reason this race is getting closer
is because Hillary is in utter crap show
it's because he'll
is a turd tornado Hillary Clinton is so
unlikable on every level that she's
making this into an extraordinarily
close race and the evidence of this is
that in the last 20 polls in last 20
polls there is one poll one where Donald
Trump polls about 41% won hey Hillary's
all over the place she's leading by the
way she leads in all 20 of these polls
but in these polls her level of support
ranges from 42 percent forty percent all
the way up to 51 percent so basically
the American public is trying to
convince themselves oh god are we really
gonna vote for this person I can't
believe we're gonna vote for this person
and then she says something they call
fine I'm not gonna even vote him I'm
gonna bother I'm just gonna go to a
barbecue and stick my head in the oven
you know that's that's that's sort of
the calculation that's going on so the
volatility in this race is not about
Trump Trump's not volatile he's not
going anywhere
the volatility is about Hillary will
Hillary make herself Hillary's running
against Hillary now will Hillary make
herself so unpopular that she loses to
Trump because Trump isn't gonna make
himself more popular he's not he's been
stagnant in these polls for literally
months right Hillary's just going up and
down like a yo-yo so the reason that she
keeps going up and down is because she's
awful she's an awful person she's a
terrible terrible person she's a vile
corrupt harridan with a history of
defending her rapist husband and a
history of lying in order to get ahead
she's awful in every possible way and
more evidence of that came out yesterday
obviously with regard to Benghazi so the
mother of one of the Benghazi victims is
on megyn kelly show last night and she
was ripping Hillary up and down because
Hillary keeps claiming she never lied to
the families of the Benghazi victims
about a YouTube video that is a lie like
virtually everything else Hillary says
here's the mother of one of the Benghazi
victims my heart goes out to you as a
mother I I know how difficult it must
have been for you and you were not able
to stay throughout the whole movie John
came on screen
or the person that portrayed him I
couldn't handle it Hillary's a liar
I know what she told me I'm a pet I know
it must be so hard I I so many people
want to want to put this behind them and
say Hilary sat there she testified she
testified for her own 13 hours and they
they say it's done they say there's no
story about Benghazi and that she did
everything she could do through the fog
of war and and she came right out and
said she is not lying suggesting you are
the one who was lying about what
happened at that Air Force Base both
feathers
that's just plain old bull I know what
she said and not only did she say it but
Obama said the same thing to me and
Panetta and Biden and and Susan Rice I
went up to all of them begging them to
tell me what happened and they all said
that it was the video okay so this
obviously is is true and what she's
saying is true Hillary's a liar and
Hillary's a terrible person in this
image which we all remember of Hillary
standing in front of the coffins
jabbering about YouTube videos offending
Muslims it's devastating that this woman
is a candidate for high office it really
is she's awful in every way even Chris
Matthews every night me tell you say
Chris Matthews even he says is
unbelievable I mean look it's a part
can't even believe it first I come here
and I come over that shoe and I sin from
a camera egg talk that's okay
but now you know I love Hillary Clinton
I mean I would I would whack Hillary
Clinton's cankles if I could but let me
tell you even I'm disturbed by all this
what say you might say Michael it's
tough go yeah if you had somebody or any
other American out there in in the third
world in a tricky situation there's a
revolutionary country and you heard they
were just under attack and there may be
some people still alive there wouldn't
you through everything it could because
in that part of our culture to go back
and try to save our people don't leave
nobody behind it's an old Marine rule
and shouldn't we really make an effort
doesn't what do you think happened in
that three-hour meeting in the White
House they were deterring around you
know I think it's useful information
myself I want to know when there's a
screw-up it's snafu here this quartet
because those other two guys were killed
later maybe we could have saved them
when you lose Chris Matthews then you've
lost your own base and it's clear
everyone knows Hillary's terrible like
Hillary is going around going I don't
know why everyone thinks I'm terrible
and and the truth is she knows Joseph
doesn't want to acknowledge it she's
corrupt and she's awful in every way and
again as I've said before the only
candidate in the race who could make
Hillary Clinton look palatable was
Donald Trump and the only candidate in
the race who could make Donald Trump
look palatable is Hillary Clinton this
Benghazi report comes out yesterday in
the material and it really is quite
devastating and the media keeps playing
this game media keep playing this game
where we're supposed to pretend there's
nothing new there's no narrative here
it's old
just put it behind us let's talk about
all the new things about Hillary Clinton
there are no new things about Hillary
Clinton the last thing that was new
about Hillary Clinton happened in like
1973 there's nothing new about Hillary
Clinton Jim Jordan who's a congressman
from Ohio he says that he's talking
about the report he says the Benghazi
was basically a suicide mission so this
was so big this is such a part of their
legacy that they that you know they
she's on the same side as the goddess of
history for goodness sake and so they
were committed to staying there even
though the security situation was so bad
so bad that one diplomatic security
agents said Benghazi is a suicide
mission everybody there is going to die
that's how bad it was but they were
committed to staying there and then of
course we get a terrorist attack on
September 11 2012 and they're 56 days
before the alert and of course that's
true trey Gowdy who was who's out there
playing lawyer and his hair changes
erratically day to day betray Gowdy he
who's from South Carolina is a
prosecutor and he leads the the House
Select Committee on Benghazi
he was smacking the CIA for their
cover-up they apparently were unwilling
to answer questions about exactly how
the embassy was evacuated because it was
evacuated it turns out not by Hillary
Clinton's friends the Libyan people it
was it was evacuated by all the people
who used to work with Muammar Qaddafi
the guy who she sat there and chortled
about having had killed in a coup so
here's trey gowdy talking about it we
were led to believe that it was friendly
Libyan militias that helped defend the
annex during the night and came to our
rescue after ty and Glenn were killed
that is not what the witnesses told us
one in particular then I hasten the add
CIA did not want us talking to this
witness they made it very difficult for
us to talk to this witness but we found
it and what this witness told us is he
worked the phone trying to find someone
to come save them and he wound up
calling a group that none of the other
committees identified and none of the
other committees knew about it and it
was comprised of former
military officials under Qaddafi and
they came and not only did they did they
evacuate our guys Andru they saved two
other lies we had people not just the
four killed
there were people severe
early wounded so time is of the essence
I just found this report is filled with
material that people didn't know before
including as I mentioned yesterday the
fact that there were Marines on the
tarmac in Spain who are being told to
take on and off their uniforms like some
sort of Benny Hill sketch and it's in
because we were afraid of sending them
in because it would look like we were
starting a war with Libya even though
we'd already gone to war with Libya in
the first place so there's a lot more to
get to folks and we're drawing near the
end of our Facebook live segment here so
if you want to join us for that then go
to Daley wire.com we have so much more
coming up that you're gonna want to join
us to see including good Trump and bad
Trump you're going to want to see all of
that so we'll get to we'll get to that
in just a moment plus them in a rip on
The Bachelorette so if you want any of
that then then you're gonna go to
SoundCloud or iTunes for the free
download audio but if you want to
actually see it and all of its masterful
glory then subscribe it daily wire.com
okay so that being said now let's move
on to Donald Trump okay good Trump bad
from so we know Hillary Clinton is an
absolute disaster area we know that
she's she's a manipulative terrible
person the worst person in American
politics and she honestly she may as a
human being she makes Barack Obama look
like a piker she's a terrible human
being and Hillary Clinton you know she
because of that people are struggling
with okay
I don't like Trump but I also don't like
Hillary Clinton so Hillary's numbers
were bouncing up and down they're
bouncing up and down Trump's numbers
continue to stall there's just exactly
where they were and so whenever people
say that this is a dead heat
that's almost solely reliant on whether
Hillary makes a mistake Trump making a
mistake dumps him between 33 and 40%
Hillary making a mistake dumps her
between 49 and 40% so on Trump's best
day on his best day in Hillary's worst
day they might be tied on Trump's best
day and her best day she kills him on
his worst day in her best day it's a
disaster area all the way across
Trump there's good Trump in there's bad
room as we know we like to play good
Trump bad Trump here on the bench
Shapiro so today we will start as always
with good Trump because we don't want to
be unfair to the Republican nominee so
it's time for a little bit of good Trump
so Trump was talking about terrorism
there's a major attack in in Turkey
yesterday lots of people got these 50
people killed in Turkey another 250
injured three suicide bombers blew
themselves up simultaneously at the
Turkish airport let me just say this is
Turki as far as as isis policy as far as
how to defeat isis it's important to
recognize something the reason that Isis
continues to carry out these terror
attacks is because there's a group of
people who believe that they are
establishing a Caliphate if you destroy
the Caliphate if you destroy Isis limb
this area in Syria and Iraq that no
longer exists if they are just utterly
wiped out there is no there is no state
there's nothing then they just turn back
in it's kind of a normal terrorist group
the reason they're succeeding you
remember a few months back here on bench
Bureau show we actually went through a
long piece of Isis propaganda and the
entire thing centered around we've built
this massive Caliphate that now controls
five times the territory of Great
Britain kind of thing you get rid of
that it makes it very difficult for them
to recruit very difficult for them to
make the case they're gonna be a success
the problem is nobody in the region
actually has a full interest in getting
rid of Isis turkey doesn't have a full
interest in getting rid of Isis because
Isis is a bulwark against Iran Iran
doesn't have a full interest in getting
rid of Isis because they're saying to
the world you need us to stop Isis so if
Isis goes away maybe they turn against
Iran again Syria doesn't want to get rid
of Isis because Bashar Assad is using
his attacks on Isis as cover to kill all
of the dissidents who want to get him
out of power
Saudi Arabia hates Iran so they don't
like Isis and they're scared of Isis but
they also know that Isis is fighting
Iran right now so nobody really has an
interest in getting rid of Iran except
for us and maybe some of the Western
European countries that's pretty much it
and none of them have the the guts to do
anything about it
all that said here's Donald Trump
talking yesterday about his policies on
terror and this is this is legitimate
good Trump here is Donald Trump on
waterboarding can't do waterboarding
which is it's not the nicest thing but
it's peanuts compared to many
alternatives right so we can't do
waterboarding but they can do chopping
off heads drowning people in steel cages
they can do whatever they want to do
okay so what he's saying here is of
course right on a moral level but at the
same time it doesn't go quite far enough
meaning that you should make the case
that waterboarding actually helps us
gain intelligence it's not a revenge
measure it's unlike we capture
terrorists and waterboard him for fun
it's not you chopped off a guy's head
hey now we've got you here let's
waterboard you it's you capture the guy
you want information from him but this
is at least not bad from this is if this
is not fully good Trump is at least not
bad Trump
here's some actual good Trump I think
here's Donald
talking about how with regard to the
Terra where you have to fight fire with
fire they probably think we're weak
we're stupid we don't know what we're
doing we have no leadership you know you
have to fight fire with fire
we have people out there
because we have to fight that of course
is true he doesn't define it but that's
truce but this is where Trump is is
better right and it shows in polls in
this Quinnipiac poll more Americans
trust Trump to handle Isis than trust
Hillary to handle Isis and that's
because he uses this sort of language so
that's good Trump now unfortunately it's
time for bad drum so bad Trump is
trumped at a speech on jobs yesterday
and it's awful it's full-scale awful I
mean it's Bernie Sanders level awful
basically Donald Trump's big plan to
bring jobs back to America is to shut
down global trade that's basically his
plan he says it's about enforcing trade
agreements but he's using that as an
excuse to just destroy trade agreements
he doesn't like free trade he thinks
that free trade free trade results in
lost American jobs so before we start on
analyzing Trump speech itself I want to
show you a couple of graphics just so
you know how stupid this is so in terms
of what does free trade do for a global
wealth what does it do for people who
are living all across the world then
I'll get to what it does to America
because that's really what form cares
about which is okay here's what it does
to global wolf this is chart there's
gonna be chart 21 ok here's what it does
to global well from 1981 to 2015 this is
the percentage of people across the
world who are living on less than a buck
90 a day right in 1980 in 1981 forty
four point three percent of all people
on planet earth nearly half the people
on planet earth we're living in abject
poverty like the worst sort of poverty
less than $2 a day they were living on
okay now today that percentage is nine
point six percent I understand we just
took we took the poverty rate across the
globe and we sliced it by a factor of
four four fifths basically by 80 percent
we sliced it that's an amazing
achievement that's an incredible
achievement right and that is because we
are trading with other countries they're
providing us their labor we're paying
them for that labor
we're buying their products they're
buying our products cuz now they have
money to buy our products because their
labor is worth something
free trade made this happen 1981 is when
communism still ruled one third of the
globe communism Falls free trade begins
to become the way of the world and you
can see there's a straight line down a
straight line down as free trade begins
to predominate across the Western world
so that's what's happened so don't give
me the it's bad for people all over the
world free trade no it's very good for
people all over the world free
right second chart okay so what's it
done to the United States one of the
great lies that we've been told this is
chart 20 the one of the great lies that
we've been told is that the middle class
is disappearing right we keep hearing
this from we've heard it now from Obama
and from Hillary and from Trump the
middle class is disappearing we're
getting crushed the 1% is gaining and
everybody else is losing ok here's what
this chart shows if you can't see it
folks basically this is a chart that is
broken down into five separate segments
it's it's a bar chart and it's broken
down to five separate segments from 1980
to 2014 2015 2015
it shows the rich the upper middle class
the middle class the lower middle class
and the poor and the near poor right and
so it shows what percentage of the
American population each of those each
of those categories comprises yes you
see at the very top there's that that
little yellow line
that's the rich people and that group is
getting bigger that group is getting
bigger and it looks like the middle
class is getting a little bit narrower
right it looks like the middle class is
getting slightly narrower from 1980 to
2015 but where is the big gain the big
gain is not in the lower middle class
and the poor in your poor both of those
categories have also shrunk dramatically
with what's happening look at the
massive growth in that grain look how
green goes from like 1/10 of that chart
to well over 25% of the chart look at
that massive growth in the upper middle
class in other words everybody got
richer everybody got richer and they're
saying that global trade that free trade
made Americans poor it's not sure that
wiped out the middle class it's not true
it's not true is from the Urban
Institute in the Wall Street Journal by
the way ok so statistically it's just
not true so when Trump says things like
the middle class is getting wiped out
it's getting destroyed you know because
we followed the news and the news tends
to cover all the bad things that happen
across the world and there's a point
that Andrew Clavin is fond of making
because the news only covers the bad
crap that happens all across the world
everybody always thinks crime is getting
worse everybody always thinks that
wealth is getting worse everybody out
and then they go back to their own lives
and they realized hey I've sort of had
it better than I ever have like I mean
look at all the nice stuff I have in my
house I have a flat-screen TV
I mean I'm old enough to remember when I
had when when our TV was still had like
a bubble right and it was and it was
super heavy like my wife and I got first
got married we got a TV from Cregg we
couldn't afford a flat-screen when we
first got married 8 years ago
we had to buy a we went to Craigslist
for like a hundred bucks we bought a TV
that had way at least at least a hundred
and fifty pounds like really it was a
mass it was a big TV and so weight up
I mean like it broke we put it on one of
those TV tables and actually bent the TV
table like almost in half right because
it weighed so much now you have flat
screens the fact is that global trade
makes your life better it makes
everybody's life better in terms of
consumption there are some people who
lose their jobs to global trade because
they're in industries that are not
competitive so Donald Trump is now using
this to he's saying protectionism is the
way and he's reaching out to the people
who have lost their jobs because those
jobs have been lost by the way most jobs
that are lost are not lost a free trade
they're due to technological change
right there new machines that are that
are created nobody makes rotary
telephones anymore so all the rotary
telephone makers are out of business and
nobody nobody's in nobody is putting up
freestanding phone booths on the street
anymore because nobody needs a phone
booth right we all have cell phones so
Trump thinks that those people have been
they have been hurt by free trade
they've really been hurt by technology
and also by the fact that it's much
easier to transport goods from foreign
countries here not because of free trade
but because transportation itself has
become a lot cheaper it's a lot easier
to fly things it's a lot easier to ship
things in boat there are more ports you
know all of this means it's easier to
have a global competition that makes
things it makes your life better in
terms of consumption but there's a small
group of people who lose their jobs and
then can't find new jobs because they
were in businesses that were phased out
or that have been moved overseas because
it requires less skill that's that's
that's just the way that economics
worked and that's unfortunate for those
people but what's more unfortunate is
penalizing ninety nine percent of the
population on behalf of the one percent
you wanna talk about the real one
percent how about the one percent of
people it's really not 1 percent but
it's kind of close like the several
percent of people who are saying that we
all everyone should have to pay a higher
tax on the goods they buy in order to
pay for this manufacturing to stay in
Ohio for example that's what a tariff is
understand what a tariff is a tariff is
not a tariff is not China's shipping a
good here and we just penalize them what
a tariff is to boil this down to its
simplest aspect let's say that there's a
company in America and it makes steel
and I'm gonna use numbers that they
don't really have any relation to
reality but it's a simple math so let's
say that we have a we have a company in
America and it makes steel and it sells
for $10 a ton and there's our $20 a ton
and let's say that in inefficient let's
say that there's Chinese firm that sells
steel for $10 a ton
so what tariff does is it says to the
Chinese firm we're going to tax you $15
a ton so now when you sell it on the
American market you're selling it for
$25 a ton it's more expensive than the
American company and that forces people
to buy American sounds great right now
look at that the Chinese company's not
doing as well as the American company
you know who's doing worse the car
company that has to buy the steel right
the American car company that's now
spending more than twice as much as it
would have had to for steel is going to
have to make more expensive cars and
then they're gonna sell you the car and
the car is more expensive to you so
instead of you getting a cheaper better
car now you're getting a crappy or more
expensive car this is what tariffs do to
consumers it's a tax on you it's a tax
on you not just the Chinese yet hurts
them they're manufacturing but it hurts
the consumer here more okay so with all
that as background Donald Trump has
decided the worst thing in life is is
free trade free trade is is killing us
it's he said yesterday it's raping us as
well see Donald Trump gave the speech in
Pittsburgh now but the irony of giving
the speech in Pittsburgh and that
Pittsburgh used to be the steel center
of the United States and Trump talks a
lot about this wasn't it great when
Pittsburgh was a steel center of the
United States wasn't it just terrific
when all they used to make was steel in
Pittsburgh right so let's just explain
something right now the unemployment
rate in Pittsburgh is 4.6 percent that's
the unemployment rate in Pittsburgh okay
that's not a real high unemployment rate
and that's been true for a long time the
unemployment rate in Pittsburgh in like
2007 before the crash was three point
eight percent so Pittsburgh doesn't have
a high unemployment rate and it used to
be if you think Pittsburgh most people
anything Pittsburgh they think the
Pittsburgh Steelers right you think
about steel or you think about the Deer
Hunter right the movie from the 70s
about about them making steel and people
going into these grim factories where
they're pouring hot iron into into you
know into vessels and and getting all
burnt up and and the sky is black with
the suit might look at Pittsburgh now
Pittsburgh is a beautiful city now
because the high-tech city most of the
jobs in Pittsburgh are now high-tech and
health care related they shifted
industries but Trump says this is bad so
Trump goes to an industrial facility in
Pittsburgh and he stands literally in
front of a wall of garbage
he's an Oscar the Grouch's basement
delivering this speech he's standing in
front of a wall of garbage in order to
promote his garbage Trump anomic say
here is Donald Trump talking about this
time about how the workers of America
have been betrayed but our work is
loyalty was repaid you know it better
than anybody with total betrayal our
politicians have aggressively pursued a
policy of globalization moving our jobs
our wealth and our factories to Mexico
and overseas globalization has made the
financial elite who donate to
politicians very very wealthy but it's
left millions of our workers with
nothing but poverty and heartache okay
we can stop it there obviously so he
says that this has been a disaster area
for all of us who are all in trouble the
middle class has been wiped out you've
lost your job if you think that the jobs
in Mexico are the jobs that we need I
urge you to visit Mexico I mean really
this is this idea that we've shifts jobs
overseas to like Bangladesh if those are
the jobs that are gonna keep America
alive we are so screwed folks we are
beyond screwed but Trump continues along
these lines and I'll explain you in a
second why all this isn't just wrong
it's dangerous it's actually dangerous
for the economy and dangerous for
Americans he continues by saying that
the politicians do nothing they do
nothing but I'm gonna do for you right
here's Trump when subsidized foreign
steel is dumped into our markets
threatening our factories the
politicians have proven folks have
proven they do nothing skilled craftsmen
and tradespeople and factory workers
have seen the jobs they love shipped
thousands and thousands of miles away
okay so they've had their job shift
first of all it's not their job it's a
job somebody's gonna fill for pay let's
imagine for saying says oh what about
countries that come in they dump their
cheap steel their subsidized steel on
our market that's them being stupid gang
right that's them being real dumb
because that means they're not gonna
make as much money as they would if they
weren't say if they were actually just
competitive because they're do it now
they're doing what Trump is talking
about doing right they're actually doing
what Trump is talking about doing taking
money from some of their industries
paying their steel industry to subsidize
it
to make it cheap and then dumping it on
our market Trump wants us to do the same
thing right he wants us to take money
from the consumer give it to our steel
manufacturers so presumably then we can
dump it on the open market here's the
reality if they dump cheap steel on our
open market think back to my analogy for
a second what do you think the car
makers do they're happy right man they
just pick up the steel and guess what
your car just got cheaper if they feel
like being inefficient in the way they
allocate their economic resources and
therefore decide to undercut us by
subsidizing their industry and shipping
cheap crap over here good for me I get
cheap crap right I don't care if I go to
the grocery store and there's one
company that is taking a loss trying to
undercut another company by selling
cheaper orange juice I don't sit there
going oh my god I can't believe these
people trying to undercut this other
company by selling cheaper orange juice
that's crazy how could they
i buy the orange juice it's cheaper and
the reason for that is because I have my
family's priorities it's amazing Trump
talks as though there's this global
elite out to screw you when I want to
buy something it is my business from
whom I buy when I want to sell something
it is my business to whom I sell the
only global elites who are trying to
stop me are people like Trump who wants
to put restrictions on what I can buy
and sell that's my responsibility what I
can buy and sell freedom is what you
want to buy and what you want to sell
where do you choose to trade your labor
Trump wants to get in the way of that in
order to help some people that's
redistribution ISM and that's left ISM
that's left ISM tariffs are left ISM
their government involvement and we can
talk about the history of tariffs
briefly because Trump does this routine
where he tries to say the founding
fathers were in favor of tariffs and
here's the reality about the founding
fathers in favor of tariffs the only
reason the founding fathers used tariffs
at the beginning of the Republic and
they're relatively low is because they
had no other method of raising revenue
there was no income tax it was
unconstitutional right and they tried to
collect taxes from the states in the
States said no sit fine we'll tariffs
foreign products that are coming in it's
the only thing we can control right when
they actually did establish a massive
tariff in 1828 it was called the tariff
of abominations as really what it's
called it's called the tariff of
abominations because it benefited
northern manufacturing right we create
all these tariffs of manufactured goods
couldn't get into the north and then we
but it but it hurt southerners because
southerners were shipping out raw
materials like cotton and other people
set up their trade barriers and now the
southerners couldn't sell their
but the northerners could sell their
heavy machinery and so the South
actually the first nullification crisis
in American history happened because of
a tariff the state of South Carolina
said to the president then John Quincy
Adams said to John Quincy Adams screw
you you don't have the capacity we're
gonna ship out our cotton the way we
please to ship out our cotton and we're
gonna buy how we please to share the tip
I remember something America was
established at least partially in order
to fight against tariffs right what do
you think it what do you think the Stamp
Act was the Stamp Act was the tariff
what do you think the Tea Act was the
Tea Act was a tax these were all tat
these were tariffs these were these were
taxes on trade right it says in the
Declaration of Independence one of the
crimes that we that we accused King
Georgia and we accused the crown of is
restricting our trade okay so the
founding fathers were not in favor of
tariffs they will not and and tariffs
are invariably to become a tool of the
elite you want to know that the most
ironic thing the Republican Party used
to really support tariffs basically from
the Civil War all the way through like
1930 the Republican Party supported
tariffs to their massive detriment in
the 1890 was soem popular that the
Republicans lost the presidency in in
but the great irony is that in 1912
we passed the 16th amendment to the
Constitution it was signed in 1913 on by
Wilson but in 1912 it really passed
that's when the heavy work was done the
president was William Howard Taft was
Republican the reason that the
Republican pushed the income tax which
he was against why do you do that
because he was trying to get Democrats
to say yes to tariffs worst economic
trade of all time so in order to
preserve tariffs we gave the federal
government the income tax okay the end
code by the way tariffs also helped lead
to the Great Depression they destroyed
our economy for ten years it's the
tariffs no tariffs are absolute
foolishness see Donald Trump continues
nonetheless along these lines
he says globalization wiped out the
middle class and remember that chart I
showed you remember that chart that I
showed you about the middle class how
the upper middle class has gained and
the middle class is shrinking but so are
the poor so everybody at the upper end
is going the upper end itself is getting
larger not everybody up at the upper end
is gaining the upper end itself is
getting larger it now encompasses a
broader swath of people here's Trump
just denying that it never happened
this wave of globalization has wiped out
totally totally our middle class it
doesn't
to be this way we can turn it around and
we can turn it around fast okay that is
absolute crap it is based on zero
statistical evidence whatsoever it has
not wiped out our middle class
what is wiping out our middle class are
terrible regulations that prevent middle
class people from starting businesses
that's hurting our middle class that's
keeping poor people poor but it
certainly is not the capacity of a poor
person in the United States to buy a
microwave for one-fifth the price it
used to cost that's asinine what allows
the middle class to live like the middle
class by the way you ever wonder he
talks about the middle class being wiped
out why is it that a middle class person
now lives better than a rich person did
in 1950 why back in 1950 only a rich guy
had central air they didn't have central
did unit air conditioners why is it that
everyone now has central air why does
everybody have a fridge why does
everybody have two TVs why does
everybody have a car why does it even
the poor poorest person you know
probably has an iPhone
why that's because of free trade that's
because of free trade hey Trump consider
this stuff is so stupid it's so stupid
it's so ignorant but the reason it's
politically popular is because any
government this is leftism any
government program any government
program that benefits a select few but
penalizes a wide variety of people will
tend to succeed politically because the
wide variety of people maybe it hurts me
when I when I go to the when I go to the
grocery store by a factor of ten bucks I
may not even notice it but it saved that
guy's job right so that guy he feels
good about himself and I don't even
notice it or if I do notice it it's a
mild annoyance this is why the
government can continue raising taxes
for welfare and food stamps and
redistribution ISM they find a select
group of people who want benefits and
then they get those people their
benefits at the expense of everybody
else and it's politically popular okay
so Trump continues along these lines and
now he's openly channeling Bernie
Sanders the right when it comes to the
far right Pat Buchanan trade group is
actually on Bernie Sanders aside when it
comes to economics but if we're going to
deliver real change we're going to have
to reject the campaign of fear and
intimidation being pursued by powerful
corporations media elites and political
dynasties the people who rigged the
system for their benefit will do
anything and say anything to keep things
exactly the way
they are he's part of that political
elite he is that guy right I mean he's
the one who's paying off politicians by
his own admission and here he's saying
that I'm paying off a politician if I
just want politicians the hell out of my
way so I can trade with the people that
I want to trade with and this is
nonsensical one of the arguments he also
trotted out was the old trade deficit
argument oh we're getting shrunk by
China China's just they're making so
much money off of us you today you I'm
talking to you you have a personal trade
deficit with your grocery store you do
you give them more money than they give
you you have a trade deficit with your
grocery store is that because they're
screwing you or is that because they're
offering you a product and you are
buying it
okay here's the reality trade deficits
don't make you poor you know a country
that has a trade surplus a trade surplus
more people are buying stuff from them
and then they're then they're buying
from other places you know what country
that is Venezuela
you know why nobody in Venezuela has any
money Sudan probably has a trade surplus
because nobody there has the capacity to
buy anything right the fact is poor
countries very often have trade
surpluses Russia has a trade surplus
therefore collapsing right trade
surpluses don't mean anything what
matters what matters in terms of the
only thing that matters in terms of
trade are voluntary transactions that
happen between individuals that's all
that's the only thing the matters we're
not talking when they talk trade deficit
the stupidest thing about this we're not
talking about the government getting
screwed by another government we're
talking about if I buy a product from
China I now have a personal trade
deficit from China I'm sure by the way I
do have a personal trade deficit from
China I don't have any subscribers I
haven't shine into this podcast I'm
gonna go with zero because China
probably doesn't allow it right but I'm
sure I buy Chinese products sometimes do
I feel like China is screwing me or I
feel like great I got a cheaper product
from China this stuff is so dumb gagging
it's so dumb Trump continues he says
that we allowed foreign countries to
cheat us in every single way we allowed
foreign countries to subsidize their
goods devalue their currencies violate
their agreements and cheat in every way
imaginable and our politicians did
nothing about it
trillions of our dollars and millions of
our jobs flowed overseas as a result
okay it's just ridiculous
okay so he continues along these lines
and and finally he concludes you can
skip to clip 12 here this is a speech
later that night after he exit after he
had Oscar the Grouch's living room he
goes and he speaks and this is later in
Ohio and and he says that TPP which is
the trade the trans-pacific partnership
this is a trade deal that involves a lot
of Asian countries not including China
and there are problems with TPP there
are there are problems with TPP and
fast-track Authority and we can talk
about why it is that I for example
thought TPP was a problem I thought it
was a problem because I liked trade
agreements to be approved by Congress I
don't want the president just
negotiating trade agreements on his own
I think Congress should should sign off
on trade agreements Trump doesn't like
TPP TPP because it's a trade deal that's
that's why he doesn't like TPP so here
is Trump railing against TPP Pacific
Partnership is another disaster done and
pushed by special interests who want to
rape our country just a continuing rape
of our country that's what it is - it's
a harsh word it's a rape of our country
it's a rape of our country and he
doesn't just say it once he said over
and over and over it's rape by the way
this is a guy who thinks that Mike Tyson
is not a rapist I mean it's just it's
just worst candidate ever I mean it's
just terrible this is true bad Trump
it's true bedroom naturally the left
loved this by the way because he's
talking like a trade unionist Marxist
from 1933 I'd say here is a Dana Bash on
CNN saying this is this is this is good
Trump see when the left thinks it's good
Trump gang it might be a hint this is
bad Trump here's Dana Bash talking about
the Trump and chief political
correspondent Dana Bash it was
interesting you know how he how trapped
framed Hillary Clinton as running a
campaign of fear that seems like a
relatively new tactic it does but I
think broadly Pamela the I'm in the
capital right now and you could almost
hear Republicans here exhaling as they
listen to the speech not necessarily
because all Republicans agree with him
on trade this is an issue that scrambles
the Republican Party just like it does
the Democratic Party that they really
split on whether free trade is a good
idea
oh as george w bush did or whether the
more populist a wing should prevail that
now is obviously led by first by donald
trump Alonzo
so I love the fact that Corey
Lewandowski who's Trump's former
campaign manager who has a
non-disclosure non-disparagement
agreement with Donald Trump is paid by
CNN to be a contributor by the way after
this they played Hollywood Squares so so
now that by the way Chris Matthews did
the same thing he because he is a
leftist and so is Trump on trade Chris
Matthews comes out of a show a fair
about great this trade stuff well I mean
like I don't know how trade works really
I know is that when I go to the hair
salon they tell me they can't tell me
anything there's nothing I can do for my
hair and then there and then they direct
me to pay less shoes I can find
something to do with my hair all I know
is that I have a personal trade deficit
spillage you don't like it I don't like
do I do it anyway yeah I mean kids are
expensive gotta comb my hair somehow
though go yeah Michael I have to talk
about you were in decided I can't pay do
they understand is that mr. Trump
understand what he's appealing to you
absolutely he's understood for quite
some time even before he was gonna run
for president when he was considering
running for the for governor of New York
he was talking about how the Buffalo
where I'm from where I'm flying after
the show classic example absolutely
hollowed out by trade deals and and the
NAFTA what's left in Buffalo City a
place like that across the country I did
what's left used to be a blockbusters
video store that's gone yeah there may
be a diner not always a diner laughs
there's nothing Cleveland you pause it
for a second
does anyone give a crap that Blockbuster
no longer exists like really this is it
but this is the logic of the of the of
the anti-trade folks right Blockbuster
no longer exists does he really think
that was because of NAFTA cuz of a trade
deal Netflix is an American company so
is Amazon right they offer me awesome
stuff every day my life is so much
better now that I don't have to go down
to Blockbuster and sift through their
missed their misfiled videotapes that
haven't played too many times and glitch
in the middle and then I have to bring
it back to Blockbuster and see if they
have a replacement tape but they don't
know I have to wait three days but if I
get my tape back two days late then they
charge me five times the price of the
video right you know it was better when
I went last night on Amazon and I hit
one button and it went to my TV and now
I can watch it whenever I want that's
awesome but this is that this is always
the pitch right Trump will say oh boy
you won't up to Rochester New York and
there used to be a Kodak factory there
you know why there's not a Kodak factory
there anymore gang because nobody uses
Phil
anymore because everything is digital
you want to go back to the days where
you had to worry about over exposing
your film every time you brought it in
to be developed what stupidity what
other economic idiocy and stupidity and
it kills jobs and it destroys economies
if you want to look like Venezuela all
we have to do is continue following our
hearts when it comes to economics as
opposed to recognizing basic truths okay
time for some stuff I like and then a
plentiful cornucopia of things that I
hate today so the stuff I like so we're
doing pre Hayes code films so the Hays
Code as I've mentioned the last couple
of days there's the code voluntarily
adopted by Hollywood from 1933 to about
1960 and it was a code that basically
said that there shouldn't be extraneous
violence on-screen no extraneous sex the
bad guys should lose at the end of the
movie there should be morality reflected
on-screen Hollywood adopted it because
that was a time when Americans cared
about such things like morality and
values but before that between 1920 and
1933 a lot of movies came out that were
very gritty they look like 1990s films
so here's one this one's very famous is
Jimmy Cagney when he even looked to see
how young Jimmy Cagney is here I mean
Jimmy Cagney as a kid when he does this
Jimmy Cagney who was the gangster on
film and he was always the gangster he's
always this guy a real tough guy brawler
nasty talks like Trump right and he and
he this is the most famous scene from
this particular movie isn't this one
most famous scene from this movie is
where he grabs a grapefruit and smashes
it in a girl's face right the girl he
does his Moll right and she pisses him
off so he grabs a grapefruit and just
smashes it in her face the movie itself
is really good it's a really intense
film it's about 80 minutes long and it's
very tight a lot of these older movies
very tight a lot tighter than now now
every film in order to justify its it's
$10 $15 $25 ticket has to be eight hours
long but back then they would actually
make a movie that was like 90 minutes
long and super tight Public Enemy is one
of those here's a little bit from Public
Enemy
okay steamer at all
Jimmy Cagney is watching all these
people go into the restaurant
and he is up to no good yeah so we don't
have to watch the whole scene but it's
intense I mean bad things are about to
happen stop it there and leave it
dispensable but the movies really good
and really tight and Jimmy Cagney would
go on to do a lot of these kinds of
movies all the way up to white heat he
also runs our kind of broadening out
later in his career in doing some comedy
but but really underrated actor Jimmy
Cagney okay time for some things that I
hate so so yesterday I walk into into my
house my wife is on maternity leave with
the baby for a few weeks and I walk in
the house and she's exhausted so I
forgive her partially for this I walk
into our room and on the TV is playing
The Bachelorette
and I haven't seen much of the
Bachelorette I haven't really seen a lot
of the Bachelorette all I've seen is is
kind of just the ads for it and I watch
two minutes of this this show I can't
believe I I didn't know this but this
show marks the end of Western
civilization okay this is the death of
manhood this is the death of womanhood
this is the death of Western
civilization this show so here's a clip
from this season's show okay and this is
a dude crying because some chick some
idiot chick who's out looking for love
by dating 15 guys simultaneously which
where I come from used to be called
promiscuity but now apparently it's
called the TV show you know that she's
looking for love by making out with 87
guys like my wife seriously my wife is
watching this and she makes out with
like eight guys in the span of two days
now number one kind of ho ish okay just
putting that out there and I'd say the
same thing for a dude kind of hush right
I mean like you make it out with lots of
dudes at one time kind of gross but the
part that's amazing is number one they
think that this is a route to love which
it isn't it turns out you there's never
any discussion of alleys it's always
discussion of feelings the entire show
from what I can see is a discussion of
feelings like her prodding them do you
love me yet you well I'm having a hard
time expressing my feelings but yeah I
love you because I really want that rose
I really want that rose I want to stay
on here and I want to up my name profile
a little bit and not shave for two days
so I have a little bit of stubble I want
that right so I love you I'm having my
deep love for you based on what based on
what based on you went on a walk in the
park with a string quartet following you
that's what that's what love is based on
now like the basis of a lasting relation
to star but I do wonder how many of
these couples ever actually get married
and stay married is it maybe like two in
the entire history of the bachelor and
the Bachelorette maybe two so that's
that's problem number one so problem
number one is with her this needy weevil
and girl going do you love me yet I have
feelings for you shut up
you don't even know each other well
enough to love each other I mean and
you're making that and if you love it if
you love each one of these guys and they
all love you why are you making out with
everybody I remember I was hitting my
wife there's a guy my wife was living in
a dorm at UCLA called the buy it which
was Jewish cooperative living facility
and there was and there was a guy there
who was clearly hitting on her like all
the time my wife happens to be super hot
and there was a guy there who was
hitting on her like all the time and she
because my women are oblivious when
they're when they want to be oblivious
she was just oblivious and she thought
oh he's just being a nice guy like all
guys are nodding right you're all
nodding you've had this experience
everyone has had this experience with
with their girlfriend or their wife
where the where the wife where the girl
doesn't understand the guys hitting on
her because girls are innocent they
don't understand that all guys want to
do is have sex so they said there says
she's the oh no he's just being nice he
just wants to help me with my science
homework Yeah right so so right so I
told her so I told my wife at the time I
want you to stop talking to him because
if you don't I'm going to have to murder
him and it's if you don't want me to go
to jail then I would prefer that you not
talk to him anymore and she said why and
I said well because he's hitting on you
and I don't think that's appropriate I'm
not hitting on other girls I don't think
that it's appropriate that this guy's
hitting on you I think he's kind of a
douche bag right and so that's and and
and so later on later and she didn't
write she yeah no no it's nothing
something two weeks later he comes
frisky and he and he says are you really
sure that you're with then and she goes
oh not the last time not not the last
time I was right in my marriage so so in
any case says that's on the ladies side
if a woman is looking for love by dating
a bunch of guys simultaneously you're
doing it wrong you're doing it wrong
okay number two the guy's what in the
hell is wrong with these dudes okay
they're sitting around talking with each
other after having passed this girl
around like they're sharing a beer right
every
that makes out with her in the course of
a single episode and then I'll sitting
around like oh I don't know is she gonna
pick me she's gonna pick you I don't
know what do we do I feel like the
competition but I love her so much but
do you also love her
what who stole your testicles and put
them in a jar dude like what happened
here it's it's the it's the saddest I
mean look what happened to American
masculinity what happened to if you fall
in love with a girl and then you make
clear that you are not going to tolerate
other dudes going after her I thought
that this was one of the halcyon of
masculinity was not only protect your
woman but protect your woman like this
is like this is what it's and it's it's
so ridiculous and I know all the
feminists at right now are going crazy
oh how dare he says the woman has to be
protected from other men no the woman
gets to choose right she can reject the
guy that's fine but now what I
understand why the guy is cool with this
if my if my girlfriend were making out
with five other guys she would not my
girlfriend for any amount of time
whatsoever
there would be zero minutes where she
was my girlfriend all right so but and
but these guys do that and then she
breaks up with them by not giving them a
rose and it's oh so emotional and we're
gonna play music and and oh my god there
was a scene I can go on like this for an
hour there's a scene where there's a
scene and with this episode of The
Bachelorette where they create like this
it's like an they go to something like
art nouveau bullcrap place where it's
like new art and the art involves like a
screen that has water on it and all
these women are like crawling around on
the screen and then he gets in there
with a bathing suit and she gets in
there with a bathing suit he's like oh
should I kiss her should I know should I
kiss her no no and then they and then
and then and finally he kisses her he's
all manipulated and finally he kisses
her and she goes yeah we did it and then
she throws him off the show five seconds
later and she tosses him I mean yeah
this is a real search for love so hear
this so anyway this is one of the guys
he gets tossed from the show and he's
weeping so sad this girl who's hooking
up with every other dude on the show
everyone within a thirty seven mile
radius the entire USC marching band you
know oh my god she rejected me my life
is over now your life was over when you
signed up for this show dude all right
so here's the here's the guy weeping
about it did you use the word
entitlement
I said very intently that Jordan act
like he was the end-all of Bealls
right so you use the word entitlement
and maybe entitlement possibly how are
you let me just ask you this one
question how is how does one act
entitled when stating that the rules of
a game are such that's what well how
does my character when hauled into
question when I am playing a poker game
it was one thing and we you know
whatever it's just pathetic when someone
needs to bring up stuff like that okay
and the whole show is just this drama
this is Girl Talk this is the view these
guys sitting around talking about this
and we got a buncha guys in this room
Lindsay ignore this for a second guys
how often do we sit around talking about
our feelings in our relationships never
zero time ever will never happen will
never happen in the future will never
happen in the past has never happened in
human history except on the stupid
crappy TV show so yes there's the end of
masculinity men who are willing to talk
with other men about whether they're
going to get the same girl girls who are
willing out to make out with like ten
dudes it wants to figure out which guy
they want to be with but really not kind
of because at the end it doesn't matter
at the end of the show just gross and
women who think this is the actual
romance that's the thing women who think
this is actual romance actual romance is
not this it's not dudes making out with
you and then feeling of the thrill
that's called lust right actual romance
is not a set up fully nonsense scenario
where you're all made up and somebody
who did your hair for you havin a
multi-million dollar company and they
have you dancing with some random dude
who they cast from a list of pictures it
turns out romance actually is based on
shared values and if it's not based on
shared values
you're not the one who ends up with the
rose gang okay so that's it so that's
that's the thing that I hate pretty I do
have to one more thing that I hate
otherwise Malthus will murder me because
I had him cut this clip so there was a
the the Black Entertainment Television
Awards there's a guy there's a couple
days old there's a fellow what's his
name Jeremy Jeremy Williams or I can't
even remember this this person's name
from from BT Awards Jesse Jesse Williams
that's his name I mean I guess he's on
Grey's Anatomy another show that I will
never watch and Jesse Williams
gives a speech at the Beatty Awards
in which he basically says America's a
racist terrible place and it's awful
here we go
struggling parents the families of
teachers of students that are realizing
that a system built to divide and
impoverish and destroy us cannot stand
if we do the idea that America is built
to impoverish and destroy black people
is absolute crap it's utter nonsense
it's despicable and it's wrong he goes
on I mean it was it was built to
impoverish and destroy him by the way
was it the white people who did it cuz
his mom is white so that's kind of
awkward and then this whole thing yeah
clearly clearly America is set up to
destroy black people when the President
of the United States is black the
Attorney General of the United States is
black yeah clearly clearly were set up
to destroy black people when black
people in America have it better than in
any other country on planet Earth
legitimately any other country on the
planet yeah we're set up for that that's
that's that's really the big problem is
that America set up that well he
continues along these lines because he
has an IQ that's smaller than his shoe
size it's kind of basic mathematics so
the more we learn about who we are and
how we got here the more we will
mobilize now this is also in particular
for the black women in particular who
have spent their lifetimes dedicated to
nurturing everyone before themselves we
can and will be better for you okay
question who's the leader this is we
will do better for you doesn't mean the
government the government America seems
to me that the government has been
father here it seems to me that the
government is handing over enormous
amounts of cash to women who get
pregnant out of wedlock if you would say
you know we need to do better by you and
what he meant was black men who are
knocking you up and need to do better by
you which is disproportionately what's
happening then that would be something
worthwhile but I have a feeling I know
what he's talking about I have a feeling
what he's talking about is that I who
have a wife and children a wife that I
stand by and protect and defend and
provide for and children that I protect
defendent provide for somehow it's my
responsibility to take care of women who
get pregnant voluntarily out of wedlock
and the guy ditches them now it's my job
and we will continue this for five more
seconds and then we'll be done with this
this idiot we've been doing this looking
at the data and we know that police
somehow managed to do
disarmed and not kill white people every
day so what's gonna happen is we are
gonna have equal rights and justice in
our own country or we will restructure
their function and ours okay we believe
that we have some the olivian
restructure civil rights okay he's
ripping on the producer shooting black
at the randomly statistically untrue
false false cops all disrespect it's
just a string of lies and what's
important about this is listen to that
applause but since the audience of the
Black Entertainment Television Awards
all these rich people sitting in the
audience
virtually all from our black complaining
about how terrible America is America's
brutal and evil by the way sitting there
protected by cops who are wringing the
entire situation just gross all the way
around but it's this sort of
polarization Hillary Clinton said today
that she that she is she thinks that
Americans need to stop we they don't
have to consider themselves victims
that's her entire campaign that's what
Democrats care about is people
considering themselves victims this
dude's a victim he's standing up there
winning an award after making millions
of dollars playing a reading somebody
else's lines on a TV show having a white
mother but he's victimized by the evil
white American patriarchy or some such
crap all right well tomorrow is the mail
back tomorrow is the mail back so if you
want if you want to subscribe subscribe
now at daily wire calm and you too can
be part of the vaunted Ben Shapiro show
mailbag the greatest mailbag in the
history of mail bags by the way thank
you I want to thank you for making us
the number one conservative podcast in
America which is really exciting so we
are we are very excited about that and
we will see you tomorrow I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
