on Sunday horrible white nationalists
rallied at the California State Capitol
over in Sacramento in a show of support
they said for Donald Trump there they
were confronted by hundreds of leftist
counter protesters who proceeded to
attack the white nationalist with rocks
and sticks and bottles they even
assaulted a reporter to get things
started the battle ended with ten people
injured including seven people stabbed
the media reported all of this is an
even-handed clash here's the Sacramento
B's headline for example quote a rally
by a small group of neo-nazi
demonstrators at the State Capitol on
Sunday erupted into violent clashes with
protesters who initiated the violence
how did it erupt you can't tell here's
the LA Times what violence began almost
immediately authorities and witnesses
said again we started it who knows the
press do they just don't want to report
it properly here's what the Sacramento
Bee itself reported buried several
paragraphs down quote the first sign of
violence came just before 11 a.m.
when KCRA reporter Mike Lawrie and his
cameraman were caught in an altercation
with anti-fascist protesters shouting no
cameras and demanding they leave was
positive for just a second that's
hilarious
okay they were put they were confronted
by anti-fascist protesters shouting no
cameras and demanding they leave the
report continued quote were not causing
the problem you're belligerent people
are causing the problem Laurie told the
crowd before someone knocked his mic
from his hand and others tried to grab
the camera these are the anti-fascist
protesters the pair eventually shoved
out of the crowd and crossed the street
away from the protesters Damien Osborn a
Sacramento community activist who came
out to join the anti-nazi protesters
Sunday said more trouble erupted about
11:20 a.m. when a neo-nazi with a stick
a sign and a shirt with a swastika and
the words white power approached the
crowd quote he dodged a bottle and then
Iraq and then someone broke a rock over
his back said Osbourne 26 the organizer
said stop let him speak then some folks
came up to take his sign away they
wouldn't let go so a girl from the
anti-racist I punched him as soon as he
was getting beat down the cops came and
grabbed him and started shooting rubber
pellets unquote is often the Sacramento
Bee the media cover anti-trump violence
at Trump rallies the exact same way when
anti-trump protesters show up and start
violently assaulting Trump supporters
the press simply calls it a scrum on
worthy of further differentiation they
even cover this stuff the same way when
somebody like me an anti Trump anti
white nationalist mainstream Cannes
speaks to the college campus there's a
reason for this according to the left
non leftist violence isn't violence not
in leftist non leftist rhetoric is ret
is violence sorry and according to the
left leftist violence isn't violence at
all take for example this tweet from
Montel Williams in the aftermath of the
Sacramento violence quote violence is
never the answer
that said way to shut down some neo-nazi
Sacramento new events the wind left
banks over the weekend the New York City
gay pride parade featured banner and the
banner said Republican hate kills
Republican hate kills that's what it
said
not jihadism kills that would be factual
since the jihadists just actually
murdered 49 gay people in Orlando but
Republicans who don't support same-sex
marriage are just like actual people who
kill people if the left believes this is
it any wonder that they sanctioned
violence against everyone from
mainstream conservative speech goers to
Trump backers to neo-nazis these groups
aren't remotely similar except in one
critical aspect the left doesn't like
them and lumps them all together and
then says they're worthy of violence
this is the end of political speech in
America if certain speech is violence
certain speech can be banned if certain
violence is speech certain violence will
be permitted this is morally hideous
unfortunately that's what the modern
left has created i'm ben shapiro this is
the ben shapiro show all righty so tons
to gets it's a very very busy news day
here on a Monday you survive the weekend
and the weekend went pretty well cuz
brexit happened then we come back and
things just go straight to the crapper
so let's start off with this briefly I
just want to show you the footage what
I'm talking about in Sacramento here so
here's what it looked like in Sacramento
but your neo-nazis go to the Capitol
they're terrible people they go to the
Capitol to to yell about white supremacy
always ironic to me by the way when
white supremacist yell about white
supremacy because invariably they're
incredibly stupid so they're yelling
about how superior they are while being
incredibly stupid but all these people
go there they have stupid views people
on the Left show up they also have
stupid views not to the same extent
presumably but they do something
significantly worse which is they start
assaulting and beating up the people
from the neo-nazi crowd the neo-nazi
crowd fights back and so you get
something that looks like this
oh my god
notice that now it sticks about the well
on that
we literally take two back doors you
beat seven people by the way were
stabbed stabbed couple were in critical
condition
so who started that the the people who
started out were the were the
anti-fascists which is just typical it's
just lovely I also want to show you that
poster that I that I was talking about
from the gay pride parade my Republican
hate kills all these gay people standing
behind a giant rainbow flag that says
Republican hate kills um a Democrat
Muslim just killed 49 people in Orlando
so me not wanting to cater a same-sex
wedding that's what killed 49 people in
Orlando not the jihadist who killed 49
people in Orlando so this is this how
the left things and it's really why the
left are so terrible and they are I mean
they're just awful in every way the
theme of today's show is basically that
the left is is making it almost
impossible not to vote for Trump
seriously like they they they're met
they are so awful as human beings they
espouse such horrible things and stand
for such horrible things that the it
makes it makes the argument vote Trump
to stop them more compelling it does
because there are two ways that that
argument could become more compelling
one is Trump could stop sucking he's not
doing that as we'll get to to is the
left could become even worse than you
thought they were and the left continues
to show they're just as terrible as you
always thought that they were so today
the Supreme Court had a decision that
well you know before we even get to that
hey I'm gonna go through for a second
there's breaking news here's that the
Democratic National Committee has now
released updates to its platform member
weekend they released updates to its
platform so here are some of the things
from its updated platform okay the
Democrats are fully extreme they're
fully insane they are nut cases they are
nuts okay here's something there's a few
of the things not all the things just a
few that they updated from in their new
Democratic National Committee platform
first off they say that they want the
Department of Justice to investigate
alleged corporate fraud on the part of
fossil fuel companies who have
reportedly misled shareholders in the
public on the scientific reality of
climate change okay so to translate that
what that means is they want Eric Holder
Rhetta Lynch the Department of Justice
they want the Department of Justice to
prosecute oil companies that give money
to institutions like the Heartland
Institute that says that it isn't
climate change be
caused by oil that's the big problem
they want to prosecute them for free
speech prosecute them that's in the
platform now by unanimous consent no
dissenters in the Democratic side on
this one they also want their $15
minimum wage they've been saying $15
minimum wage since I did a show in
Seattle and when I was doing show in
Seattle was proposed by a socialist and
open socialist not a Democrat who calls
herself a socialist an actual socialist
named Sean misawa she's the one who
started the $15 minimum wage push and I
was I did a debate with her and I
specifically asked her why not a
thousand dollar minimum wage why why 15
bucks and she had no clue well in those
national policies they want a $15
minimum wage across the country and that
minimum wage also by the way includes
the idea that they would end sub minimum
wage for tipped workers so in other
words if your waiter or waitress and you
work for $9 an hour but you tend to earn
another 20 bucks an hour in tips which
is not rare they don't want you to be
able to be paid that they want you to be
paid $15 minimum wage restaurants
typically end up taking the tips right
that's that's what ends up happening so
well done for for the for the people who
are working the restaurants they want to
abolish the death penalty full out this
is new I mean we always knew the
Democrats wanted to do this but now
they've actually acknowledged it also
they want you to pay for every abortion
on planet Earth
that's not really an exaggeration it's a
little bit of an exaggeration but not
much here's what they actually say in
their new platform quote the platform
also vows to oppose and seek to overturn
all federal and state laws that impede a
woman's access to abortion including by
repealing the Hyde Amendment all federal
and state laws all of them okay they
want you to be able to get an abortion
literally one second before the baby
exits your body and maybe even after
that not only that they want to get rid
of the Hyde Amendment the Hyde Amendment
is a federal law that says federal
taxpayer dollars cannot be used to
sponsor abortion they want to get rid of
it so they want you to pay for other
people's abortion so abortion up to the
point of birth maybe beyond and they
want you to pay for that that's very
exciting they also support the repeal of
harmful restrictions that obstruct
women's access to health care around the
world including the Global gag rule in
the Helms Amendment which bar US
assistance to other countries that
provide safe legal abortion so in other
words they want us to fund abortion
overseas - so it's not just enough to
kill babies here we have to go other
places and kill baby
that's exciting they also want to expand
social security they want to expand it
so starting to bankrupt us they want to
increase the amount we spend on Social
Security as far as illegal immigration
they want to quote keep families
together end family detention so if a
family comes across which you're
supposed to let everybody go ever let
everybody go closed private detention
centers in nine of the top ten detention
centers in the United States for ice for
illegal immigrants are private they want
to close them they don't to open new
detention centers they just want to
close them so on or release all of the
illegal immigrants they want to release
all of them and then they want to
guarantee legal counsel for all
unaccompanied minors and immigration
proceedings so now you want to deport
people now we have to hire attorneys for
you a non-american citizen so that you
can be deported this means everybody
gets to stay they also come out in favor
of nationalized health care right they
say openly they say they want access to
public coverage through Medicare or a
public option that means the destruction
of all insurance companies in the United
States once you have a public option
what that means is that they can drive
the private companies out of business
because no matter how bad the public
option is they can always just come and
take more of my money to fund it all
right if an insurance company goes
bankrupt they can't take money for me to
fund it if the government goes bankrupt
they just take more of my money
finally they want to surrender to black
lives matter they say their current
draft calls for ending the era of mass
incarceration
there's no era of mass incarceration
folks we're not taking innocent people
and throwing them in prison by the score
okay the fact is people in prison commit
crimes that's why they're there okay
this isn't the Soviet Union there are no
gulags people aren't being in prison for
political views except Democrats who
actually want to do that in this
platform right but they say mass
incarceration must end shutting down
private prisons again no building of new
public prisons so presumably letting
everybody out of prison which by the way
has worked out awesome in California the
crime rates are up double digits the
last couple of years because Jerry Brown
releasing people from prison and one
reform the grand jury process right
that's they don't like that because in
Ferguson it ended up with the proper
acquittal of the officer in Ferguson so
they want to get rid of that they want
to invest in reentry programs which is
where we do job retraining for people
who end up in prison after three years
anyway and they want to ban the box okay
while banning the Box means is they want
to make it illegal for you when you're
employing people to ask them if they
have a prior felony on their record
okay the Democrats are out of their damn
minds they are out
of their damn minds okay and just to
prove how out of their minds they are
today the Supreme Court issues a
decision on abortion that is fully crazy
so the decision on abortion goes like
this so in Texas there are two laws on
the books one is a law and says doctors
must have admitting privileges at
hospitals in order to perform abortions
what that means is you know how if you
are right now let's say you get sick and
you go to the ER you have to fill out a
ream of paperwork in order to be
admitted to the hospital doctors who
have admitting privileges they just take
their patients no need to fill out
paperwork we just bring you to the
hospital and we leave you there and it's
already been filled out they have
admitting privileges at the hospital
they say that the doctor should have
admitting privileges at the hospital if
you want to perform an abortion because
if something goes wrong you don't have
to sit there filling out the paperwork
and one that says clinics must renovate
to be considered ambulatory surgery
centers meaning that the hallways have
to be big enough that if we need to get
a gurney down the hallway then we should
be able to get gurney down the hallway
that's what an ambulatory surgery center
means right here at the office that's
not the case there are certain hallways
here that are too skinny
but at hospitals obviously the hallways
are really wide so the reason the left
doesn't like this is because a lot of
the abortion clinics don't have these
things so they think the abortion
clinics will be closed the Supreme Court
today said that this was impermissible
restrictions on a woman's right to an
abortion so let's start number one with
the fact that there is no right to
abortion in the Constitution of the
United States
end of story and a story none no we're
not a zilch Zippo none there is no right
to an abortion in the Constitution of
the United States that comes from a
whole line of cases from Griswold v
Connecticut to roe v wade that creates
this vague right to privacy that for
some reason doesn't apply to my right to
gun ownership but does apply to your
ability to go publicly to a doctor who's
not you and get an abortion on a third
party a baby right somehow has a right
to privacy issue the right to privacy
does not exist in the Constitution of
the United States but they ruled that it
does then they figured that they're
their health restrictions on lots of
doctors and nurses and medical
facilities all over the place right
that's true so how do they say that
these ones are no good including by the
way they struck down fire restrictions
they struck down a restriction that says
that the that the abortion clinic has to
be able to take somebody who's
unconscious out of the out of the clinic
if there's a fire are they struck that
down they said that's
- that's too harsh on it prevents a
woman's right to choose and prevents a
woman's right to choose here's what's so
stupid about all this we all presumably
have a right according to the left I
would assume to eat in restaurants we
have a right of course it but their
health restrictions on restaurants
aren't there right every restaurant you
go to has health restrictions on it from
the state whether you think it's good or
whether you think it's bad it's not
unconstitutional to have health
restrictions on your restaurant
I tend to thing it's stupid but that
doesn't mean that it's not unconstant
mean that it's unconstitutional right
this would be the equivalent of if the
government said if the Supreme Court
said health restrictions on the
restaurants you eat at prevent
restaurants from opening therefore the
health restrictions are unconstitutional
and there can be no health restrictions
right that's that's basically what
they're arguing right now and all of
this is based off false law it's very
irritating as a constitutional as a
constitutionally aware guy like a plus
from harvard law and constitutional law
you know the the fact that the supreme
court basically pulls these decisions
directly from its own colon and then
makes up a legal framework for it he's
really highly irritating so they just
mean the truth is the day they've
decided this case back and the Fifth
Circuit decided this case back in 2013
people who are on the losing side didn't
bother to appeal to the Supreme Court
they appealed the exact same case now
that violates what's called red judicata
which is the idea res judicata which is
the idea that the case has already been
decided there is nothing about this
decision that it that is legal in any
way it's all a politically motivated
decision very clearly and Justice Thomas
who I've always said was the best
justice on the court even when Scalia
was alive he has this one quote that I
think is really telling he says 80 years
on the court has come full circle
the court has simultaneously transformed
judicially created rights like the right
to an abortion into preferred
constitutional rights while disfavoring
many of the rights actually enumerated
in the Constitution but our Constitution
renounces the notion that some
constitutional rights are more equal
than others
a plaintiff either possesses the
constitutional he's asserting or not and
if not the judiciary has no business
creating ad hoc exceptions so that
others can assert rights that seem
especially important to vindicate what
happened in this case is that it's a
right to an abortion that was being sued
over but the abortion doctor doesn't
have a right to an abortion dude so the
doctors don't have a right to an
abortion they weren't suing over
anything
impacts them the court made an exception
and allowed the doctors to sue on behalf
of the patients which never happens ever
so basically the court had its decision
in mind they decided to push that
decision forward and the rest of it just
didn't matter the rest of it just in
matter and this is what the left does if
the left takes control of the court
which they already have I mean let's not
pretend Justice Kennedy is a leftist
okay Justice Kennedy the only case in
which he didn't vote to the left in the
last five years really was the was the
immigration case and there it was a
closed thing he also didn't vote for
Obamacare but Roberts did so it didn't
matter we've had a left court for a
little while here we've had a left court
for a little while Kennedy's the swing
vote then you're in trouble
because Justice Kennedy tends to fall to
the left particularly on social issues
so all that said you've got these
Supreme Court rulings and they come out
and here's what Hillary Clinton tweeted
is why I say the left is making it very
difficult not to just try and stop them
with any means at our disposal even an
absolute crapshoot like Donald Trump
Hillary Clinton tweets quote this fight
isn't over the next president has to
protect women's health women won't be
punished for exercising their basic
rights okay who's being punished for
exercising a basic right first of all I
didn't realize it was a basic right to
kill a baby I didn't realize that was a
thing in fact it seems to me that if you
acknowledge that that's a baby there in
the womb and the left always does this
right they'll say it on TV you'll see a
woman's pregnant so how's the baby doing
and the more mom the one who wants the
baby fell it's beautiful I'm a and feel
like I'm glowing same woman same
pregnancy so I don't want it sterile
well just get rid of that thing I mean
it's just ghoulish it's absolutely
ghoulish then she says women won't be
punished for exercising their basic
rights okay babies are not a punishment
babies are a gift this is vile vile
stuff
she then tweets SCOTUS his decision
Supreme Court of the United States
that's what skoda says is a victory for
women in Texas and across America safe
abortion should be a right not just on
paper but in reality well it isn't a
right what she declares to be a right
doesn't make it right I mean this is all
crazy town this is crazy town stuff and
she wants you to pay for abortions and
she wants you to pay for abortions
abroad the left is radical in every way
they're violent I mean these anti left
these anti-fascist protesters and
anti-fascist protesters and in
Sacramento who beat people up because
they disagree those are fascist
protesters if you beat people up because
they just
by definition your fascist and this is
this is sick stuff mean so Hillary is
campaigning with Elizabeth Warren and
Elizabeth Warren it's kind of nerdy
Hillary and you see that here there
they're wearing the same coat I don't
know if they decided to be twinsies this
morning they're all gonna dress in the
same color blue they all went to they
all went to Violet Beauregarde it's
closet and hijacked a couple of her
outfits Elizabeth Warren who's
legitimately the only maybe the only
woman in America more irritating than
Hillary Clinton I mean I know Elizabeth
Warren so I can say that with with full
verb Elizabeth Warren is now stumping
for Hillary Clinton after spending the
last few years bashing her as a
corporate insider because Elizabeth
Warren wants power and InFocus over here
the lady who claims that she's Native
American which she is not and got her
job at Harvard Law based on her minority
status even though she's whiter she's
she's whiter than Shaun King I am more
Native American than then Elizabeth
Warren is here's Elizabeth Warren
stumping for Hillary Clinton Hillary
Clinton believes that racism hatred
injustice and bigotry have no place in
our country
crazy laughs crazy whoa come down there
with the hands
everybody's going there with the hands
hazy okay so this to like prepare people
are saying that Warren might run with
Hillary I don't know how Hillary could
possibly have found someone who's more
robotic and more irritating than herself
but I mean what an absolute horror show
what an absolute horror show and they
continue to lie they continue to be
terrible they continue to be far left
elizabeth warren by the way isn't gonna
do much for hillary clinton yeah she
doesn't need to shore up the bernie vote
the bernie votes gonna come to her
because they're socialists I mean Sally
Kohn who I debated yesterday Politico
and she was a Bernie supporter she even
said to me backstage that she would
think that in a general that when it
came down to Bernie versus Hillary but
really that close she might have voted
for Hillary she says that she would vote
for Hillary mmm everybody on the Left is
going to everybody on the left is going
to Hillary Clinton's campaign manager
meanwhile over the weekend she was on TV
and she says that Hillary's the most
transparent the most spectacular person
who ever lived how about Clinton's
ethics how she gonna answer about that
well Hillary Clinton has actually been
the most transparent Secretary of State
in our history she's released all of her
emails she's released her schedules you
know I think I think the record speaks
for itself you know there's a lot of
pushback on that
well again we're talking about
transparency and ethics that is it has
been a given for decades that
presidential candidates released their
taxes Donald Trump refuses to do that he
refuses to release the documents related
to Trump University I think this is a
deflection technique you know Paul
Manafort is trying to get a you know a
teleprompter in front of him and change
the subject it's just not working and
just real quickly on that subject you
know what about Hillary Clinton's
transcripts for the Goldman Sachs
speeches well Trump has given dozens of
paid speeches himself nobody's asking
him to release them again Hillary
Clinton has released her taxes for
decades now Donald Trump hasn't released
a single one all right we have to assume
he's hiding something I think Donald
Trump has a lot of work to do before he
starts asking questions about other
candidates awkward towns makak word face
with with Hillary Clinton's campaign
manager they're trying to claim the
cheese a transparent of course she isn't
and Hillary is is struggling I mean she
is struggling because not only does she
represent a far left extreme ideology
but she's really bad at this she's
really bad at this so here is Hillary
Clinton talking about brexit we never
chance to talk about that so in a minute
I'm gonna sum up my thoughts on brexit
but here's here's Hillary Clinton
talking about the British exit from the
from the EU a lot of Americans woke up
on Friday too alarming headlines from
across the Atlantic and they are
wondering what this decision in Britain
means for us now we are resilient and we
will bounce back from this and from all
of the other shocks that are in the
system but it is a reminder that what
happens around the world has
consequences we need leaders like
yourselves at the local and state and
federal level who understand how to work
with other leaders to manage risks who
understand that bombastic comments in
turbulent times can actually cause more
turbulence no one should be
about America's commitment she's so
terrible at this I mean so so this big
thing happens with the UK leaving the EU
and her basic comment is we need leaders
thanks Captain Obvious really enjoyed
that one we need leaders okay
that's that's really exciting so to move
from the left to the right now so as
I've said the left is making it almost
impossible almost impossible not to jump
on to any bandwagon that is anti the
left and I hear it folks I hear it I
hear you screaming at me I get it
again it doesn't alleviate any of my
problems with handing over the future of
the conservative movement to a charlatan
like Donald Trump at this point stop
them at the convention if you have to do
anything to get somebody exactly by the
way he'll get schlong by Hillary he's
gonna get killed by Hillary the polls
over the weekend
thumbs down alternatively five and
twelve points to Hillary Clinton okay
and any talk about how Reagan was losing
to Carter at this point it's not true
there was one poll in which he was
losing all the other polls he was
already winning by this point in any
case Donald Trump was talking about
brexit but well let me give you my quick
sum up of brexit so the British leave
the EU and it really is the British it
really isn't the the Scottish or the the
folks from Wales Northern Ireland they
they were actually in favor of staying
in the EU Scotland they were in favor of
staying in the EU in England they were
very much in favor of leaving the EU the
reason for this is because they're
really really a couple of reasons one is
their British people who still believe
there's a civilization worth preserving
that is unique to the British character
and they feel like it's being ripped
away by a bureaucratic elite in Brussels
I'm with them I agree second point they
don't like the fact that immigration
across country lines is absolutely free
in the EU and you've got countries like
Germany taking in hundreds of thousands
of unvetted Muslim Syrian refugees and
Libyan refugees also I'm on board with
them I'm on board with them and finally
some of this is just an anti elitist
thing like I don't want people abroad
making rules for me without my vote and
that's not just anti elitist it's anti
anti-democratic
and again I agree with them I'm in favor
of brexit I think Breck's it's a good
thing Hillary has no clue how to deal
with it
Trump really doesn't either Trump really
doesn't either so here is is Trump
responding he was he just happened to be
in Scotland during opening his new golf
course which I guess that he was
campaigning in Scotland because that
all-important 51st state he really needs
to you know
to gain their support by the way in the
last two weeks Donald Trump has traveled
to the vital swing states of Texas and
Scotland and today Donald Trump is in
Maine where I'm sure he's gonna win the
presidency in Maine in any case in any
case Donald Trump was talking and here's
what it looked like in Turnberry
Scotland at his golf course we've taken
the lighthouse which is a very very
important building in Florida I mean in
Scotland and we've we've taken that
building and made it something really
special inside the lighthouse right now
is incredible sweets and it's called the
halfway house because this is the ninth
T and it's called a halfway house and on
the bottom you have dining and golfers
will stop and they'll go and get
something to eat and then they go into
the 10th hall 10:30 right next door so
the light and it was in disrepair and
all of the people Landmark Scotland and
all of the people that we had to go
through were I just thank you because it
was a it was a long difficult process
getting that approved but they really
wanted to see it at the highest level
and now it's really at a higher level
than it ever was and when you see I
don't know if you'll get the chance but
if you do you should try and get to see
the Suites because they are two of the
most beautiful Suites you'll ever see
and you know when the waters rough today
it's very calm in fact I've almost never
seen it like this but sometimes you have
waves that are literally crashing onto
this piece of land that we're standing
on it's one of the most beautiful sights
you'll ever see this hall didn't exist
the Royal and Ancient has been
incredible they've worked with us on
design they've wanted to do these
changes for probably close to 50 years
because they were so obvious and and
we've made certain changes to the course
in addition to that we fully renovated
the course brand-new sprinkler system
the highest level then many of the holes
have been jiggered and made even longer
and and new greens do everything and yet
it's the same Turnberry
you would hit over there this is a par 4
and you'd hit over there
part of this is the is the is the
breaking news Chiron from CNN Trump
speaking from his golf course in
Scotland ran for like half an hour about
the golf course and he's being and
people are tuning in to find out what he
thinks of the the British leaving the EU
which is one of the most significant
moments in modern European history is
the falling apart of this massive
European Union organization that really
had lost its way after the fall of the
Soviet Union the EU was created at least
in part as an economic cooperative
sphere the European economic cooperative
in in opposition basically to the Soviet
Union and then after the Soviet Union
fell they sort of lost their way and
forgot what they were all about he's not
talking about that though we do get his
take on sprinkler systems at Turnberry
so that's that is absolutely vital and I
have to tell you it's it's really funny
he's out there tweeting today I said
Brooks it was gonna happen I said it was
gonna happen
two weeks ago literally two weeks ago
somebody asked Donald Trump about brexit
and Donald Trump said who is that really
okay here's that I have for you this
quote because this is legitimate this
may be my favorite Donald Trump quote of
all time it's it's spectacular it's so
good a reporter asked Donald Trump and
so you know now it's time I have to use
it bad Trump okay so so here's the folks
if you can't subscribe you don't see the
good Trump bad Trump that Lyndsey made
and it's and it's quite wonderful so the
this reporter asks Trump are you
traveling with foreign policy advisers
who knew this was going to happen today
and Trump says well I've been in touch
with them but there's nothing to talk
about you know I've been saying that I
would prefer what happened I thought
this would be a good thing I think it
will turn out to be a good thing maybe
short term nut but ultimately I think it
will be a good thing and I actually been
in touch with some and some by the way
don't like it and some do like it you
know their advisors they're like
everybody else it probably no less every
one of these advisers somebody said gee
you should use advisers that have been
really hot for the last five years I
said really I think I want to use ones
that haven't been involved take a look
at what's happened in the world remember
the original question was are you
traveling with foreign policy advisers
who knew this was going to happen today
that is some more salad I mean you can
lose calories on that word salad that's
pretty that's pretty impressive
I have my favorite my favorite little
quote there is some by the way don't
like it and some do like it well thank
you for that
dr. Seuss like that some are fast and
some are slow okay
he also the Donald Trump is also walking
back by the way his immigration policy
he said - he said a couple of days ago
President Obama has deported vast
numbers of people the most people ever
and it's never reported I think people
are gonna find that I had not not only
the best policies but I have the biggest
heart of anybody and then he was asked
about does this mean mass deportation
since no I wouldn't call it mass
deportations I call it magical Trump
unicorn poo he says he won't dude mass
deportations anymore so you're all
suckers right it means everybody got
suckered by all of this so Chuck Todd
confronts Donald Trump's of NBC
confronts Donald Trump's campaign
manager Paul Manafort or as or as they
pronounce it in the in the original bull
men of fort Chuck time confronts Paul
man afford over speaking at Turnberry
for like half an hour on golf courses
about that there's Hillary cut an ad
about this and here's Paul manna forts
response coming to turn berry in a
volatile world the last thing we need is
a volatile president
it obviously picks up on what was a head
scratching event earlier this week
mister mana for which is on the day of
the biggest news event in the world he
is in the country at the heart of this
and he's promoting a golf course this is
an example again of the tone deafness of
the Clinton campaign first of all when
you when you look at what was happening
in the Clinton campaign over the last
month they have spent sixty million
dollars against Donald Trump on ads like
this talking about things that are
totally distracting a distracted and
unconnected to what's going on the
political system the American people
care about what is going to happen to
their lives about change and in the
issues of brexit this kind of phony ad
doesn't address those things and in
Hillary Clinton is ignoring the reality
because she's part of the establishment
she can't get away from the fact that
she is part of the problem that's being
rejected so when she tries to distract
with commercials like this she's once
again showing that she is absolutely
afraid of the consequences of what
brexit represented and what the
the Trump phenomenon image in the
primaries represented which is historic
numbers of people voting for change
against the establishment but why was it
appropriate for mr. Trump to be
promoting a golf course on the day of
frankly what could be the most impactful
decision that a country has made that
impacts you know the global community in
a way that we're not fully comprehending
yet and he's promoting a golf course in
the middle of his campaign first of all
mr. Trump is an international
businessman his success as an
international businessman and a person
who gets things done is one of the
attractions of his candidacy so that
when he says he's gonna bring real
change to the country voters believe him
unlike mrs. Clinton who's been saying
that for 25 years and in those 25 years
the only changes that have happened to
make people's lives work so what's
what's amazing about all of this is you
watch man afford on the one end and you
watch Hillary Clinton spokesperson on
the other and they can't defend their
own people right it's impossible so Paul
Manafort is out there saying my man's an
international business man of mystery he
has he and Goldfinger going at and you
have on the other hand you have Hillary
Clinton's person saying she's the most
transparent person ever the funny thing
about this campaign whenever Hillary's
people attack Trump it's accurate
whenever Trump's people attack Hillary
it's accurate whenever either camp says
anything about their own people it's
completely in wild inaccurate so that's
it so that's pretty that's pretty
hilarious so what this does raise is as
the left becomes more and more extreme
as they become more and more terrible
should there be a revolt at the RNC
because let's put aside personal
distaste for Trump for just a second and
be practical for just a second you know
maybe the calculus changes after after
the convention is it possible the
calculus changes after the convention
and threat of the left is so bad that
you just have to go Trump because Trump
is at least not Hillary at least not
Hillary I'm not sure that the under it's
it's tempting it definitely is and it's
a battle that I fight with myself every
day I mean it's really something that I
consider every single day is this the
day when the left puts me over the top
is this the is this the day when when
Trump starts to fix himself and the
answer so far is no because Trump is one
of them Trump is a member of the left
and if I'm gonna sign off on my
principles I'd at least like to have
victory I don't think that but I do
think if you sacrifice your principles
for victory you don't end up with
victory and you don't end up with
principles it makes very difficult
to stick to that position when the left
continues to be increasingly terrible so
what this means is that there's been
this increasing movement inside the
Republican Party to create a revolt at
the Republican National Convention
they're looking at the polls they're
looking at the fact that Donald Trump is
utterly and wildly incompetent they're
looking at the fact that Donald Trump is
likely to get absolutely Kremes by
Hillary Clinton in this election cycle
again latest ABC News poll has Hillary
at 51 and Trump at 39 it has now been
two months since Donald Trump has broken
42% in a national poll you're not gonna
win with those kind of numbers it's just
not going to happen not without a third
party candidate sucking up 18 percent of
the vote the way Ross Perot did so
there's a journalist of the New York
Times says he thinks that there's a
pretty high probability of some sort of
revolt at the RNC Trump and the RNC are
quite nervous about the fact that the
convention could get messy and what you
have here is this interesting marriage
of convenience between the two where
Trump people who are definitely not
party people and party people who are
definitely not Trump people have a
common goal in preventing the convention
from turning into utter chaos Donald
Trump needs to protect his nomination
and the Republican Party under Reince
Priebus needs to protect the integrity
of its nominating process and if the
convention turns into a fight that
threatens to deny Donald Trump the
winner of 14 million votes in 37 states
the nomination that's a real threat to
the integrity of the Republican Party's
process there's a high probability of
some kind of revolt I don't know what it
looks like I don't know if they walk off
the floor I don't know if they try to
stage some type of coup in a Rules
Committee meeting the week before the
convention but you're pretty much
guaranteed some kind of fight I mean
there are hundreds of delegates who are
openly hostile to Donald Trump and they
will be in Cleveland and I think that
that's actually I think that's right I
mean I've been fielding phone calls from
people who are actively attempting to do
something as convention to stop Trump
from getting the nomination not only
because they think he's unpalatable as a
candidate but because they think that if
you really believe this election is that
important you can't give it away by
handing the nomination to a guy who's
going to get absolutely schlong who's
going to get destroyed in this campaign
and again that's the way this is going
right now I mean the way
this is going is that it's going to be a
disaster area Trump is gonna lose and
he's going to lose big so that has to be
a serious consideration for all the
practical people and this is really an
argument for all the practical people
who have been saying a vote against a
vote not for Trump is a vote for Hillary
I don't buy that argument but isn't a
vote for Trump at this point I vote for
Hillary if he's losing by 1015 points to
her in the polls and there's no prospect
of him coming back he has no campaign
organization the RNC is raising less
money now than they've ever raised in
the history of the party basically for
this point in the election cycle at a
certain point thing you start looking
and going okay we got to do something
about this there's an RNC Rules member
who told the Atlanta
journal-constitution that people are
gearing up for a fight at the convention
all it would take basically is one vote
at the convention to open up the
delegates and say that elegance can vote
for whomever they want for utter chaos
to break out and you're seeing how
awkward this is making it Trump's
continued candidacy makes it very
awkward it makes it very hard to fight
the left that Trump is the candidate
Mitch McConnell who's the Senate
Majority Leader he's asked about Donald
Trump on ABC and watch him just struggle
like a like a an awkward turtle for two
minutes here well look I think there's
no question that he's made a number of
mistakes over the last few weeks I think
they were beginning to right the ship
it's a long time until November and the
burden obviously will be on him to
convince people that he can handle this
job and I think a good step in the right
direction with the changes he made in
the campaign he's beginning to use a
prepared script more often which i think
is absolutely appropriate for any
candidate whether you're a longtime
politician like Hillary Clinton or
whether you're new to the game like
Donald Trump I didn't hear you say
whether you thought he was qualified
look I'd be up to the American people
who decide you know he wanted the
Republican nomination fair and square he
got more votes than anybody else against
a whole lot of well-qualified candidates
and so our primary voters have made
their decision as to who they want to be
the nominee the American people would be
able to make that decision in the fall
wow-wow-wow that's the Senate Majority
Leader's saying he doesn't think that
Trump is qualified George well who I
think is to moderate I think George
Wallace to moderate but George will
who's been a leading voice in
conservatism for 40 years George will
came out
over the weekend he said I'm not even in
the Republican Party anymore Trump has
caused me to leave talk about you you
announced this week that you have left
the Republican Party why I left it for
the same reason I joined it in 1964 when
I voted for Barry Goldwater and joined
it because I was a conservative I'd
leave for the same reason that I'm a
conservative give you a timeline
shortly after Trump became the
presumptive nominee had a summit meeting
with Paul Ryan where they stressed their
common principles and their vast shared
ground which is much more important than
their differences I thought that was
puzzling doubly so because Paul Ryan
still didn't endorse him after Trump
went after the Mexican judge from
northern Indiana then Paul Ryan endorsed
him
and I decided that in fact this is not
my party anymore I changed my
registration to unaffiliated 23 days ago
I hardly made an announcement I just
mentioned this in a meeting with the
Federalist Society so the long and the
short of it is as Ronald Reagan said
when he changed his registration I did
not leave the Democratic Party the
Democratic party left me now not
surprisingly Donald Trump has tweeted
his reaction to this news today let's
put it up on the screen he says that you
are overrated
and that you lost your way a long time
ago would you like to respond oh he has
an advantage on me because he can say
everything he knows about any subject in
140 characters that I can't well that's
a good line it's a good line and it also
happens to be true but one of the things
that that's so frustrating about this
election cycle is being stuck defending
Donald Trump and ratified Hillary
Clinton is just the worst situation
anybody can be and it's what makes it a
struggle because otherwise this is the
easiest election in human history
otherwise this is so easy but the fact
that Trump is both incompetent and also
vile the fact that he has no principles
right I mean he just walked back mass
deportations which means really any
deportations his new policy is
essentially I'll support the bad ones
which is exactly President Obama's
policy in what's a policy he hasn't
walked back at this point it makes it to
say I'm gonna sacrifice my principles to
vote for a guy who's going to lose
anyway and who's also going to drag
conservatism through the mud that's an
uphill slog and no matter how bad the
left gets I'm not sure that you end up
in a situation where that calculus
changes now if you're the deciding vote
you know if it comes down to really
really close election you're the
deciding vote
maybe in the privacy of the voting booth
you decide that the next four years are
more important than the next 40 and you
think okay well maybe Trump will be
better than Hillary and so I'll do that
and we know Hillary will be terrible and
I get that logic but if right now we're
talking right now we're not talking
about November 8th we're talking about
now today if you're looking at the polls
right now and saying yourself I got a
support Trump through the convention
because hey he won I got to be saying
III don't see the logic and I think that
you're you're giving credence and
impetus to a guy who is who's gonna get
absolutely destroyed by the worst person
in America Hillary Clinton okay time for
things I like in things I hate so we're
gonna do movies that are that are pre
the Hays Code so I'm a big movie buff
and there is something called the Hays
Code that came into existence now 1933
to 1960 it was in Hollywood it's what
Hollywood makes fun of it now is this
all the rules where and if you had a man
and a woman you know in a room together
the man had they had man had to have one
foot on the floor at all times the one
foot on the floor rule it's why when you
watch the old movies the men and the
women have separate beds it's why would
they cut to black every time there's
about to be a sex scene it's why the bad
guys always pay at the end the Hays Code
was a voluntarily imposed code in
Hollywood that was brought about by the
Catholic Legion of decent decency in the
early 1930s watch the films from the 20s
and the 30s and what you'll see is the
film's look a lot like today's films
actually like there's their sex and
there's nudity and there's homosexuality
and there's there's anything that you
can imagine there's a movie called the
island of dr. Moreau where you know
they're bestiality was the thing like
there was it was very controversial at
the time and and Catholics said we can't
have our kids watching this stuff we're
gonna boycott Hollywood right we're not
gonna take part so Hollywood had a
voluntarily imposed code and the Hays
office that's how the Motion Picture
Association of America becomes so
powerful is why they still have our
ratings agency and they and they say
okay well from now on here's a set of
rules we're going to promulgate and
those rules include bad guys have to
lose be in the movie they include the
the know sex in the movies no excessive
violence in the movies
and you know people hate this I think
the worst thing in the world except that
probably most of the great movies in
Hollywood history are produced between
1933 and 1960
if you look at the best movies in
Hollywood history when Casablanca the
Citizen Kane I'm the waterfront - two
best years of our lives
- Gone with the Wind right all of these
movies are produced during this period
they're like there's a very famous very
famous example the Hays Code in Gone
with the Wind the very end right Rhett
Butler turns to Scarlett O'Hara no
spoiler alert necessary came out in 1939
at the very end of the film he turns to
Scarlett O'Hara and she says Rhett where
are you going
you take me with you what are you doing
and and he says frankly my dear I don't
give a damn right
so the Hays Code came back to them the
Hays office they said can you use not it
can you not use damn and said no no we
can't we have to use that it's in the
book like good sorry and today's code
said okay fine and so they will they let
it go but there are lots of cases where
the Hays Code basically overruled things
and cut scenes out in all this so what
we're gonna do for this week is we're
gonna take films that were produced
before the Hays Code because there are a
lot of films that are largely been
forgotten masterpieces before the Hays
Code came about and they're very gritty
and very hardcore one of those films is
one of my favorite films it's a foreign
film called M you're gonna recognize the
star of this film Peter Lorre because he
became big playing bit parts in in the
United States as a foreign film from
Germany the guy who directed it Fritz
Lang came to the United States and came
pretty big director here - Laurie was an
honest-to-goodness movie star back in
the old country back in Germany this is
you know right as the Nazis were rising
and he um he was Jewish so he fled like
half of Hollywood did from from Germany
and what this film is about is Peter
Lorre who you see in possible onthe he's
the guy at the very beginning of
Casablanca like a Peter Lorre everybody
does the parodic stuff right they do
they even do it it's in Aladdin
all right there's a point where where
Robin Williams breaks into a Peter Lorre
voice while he's doing the well he's
doing the the genie
right when he does the when he says
raising from the dead here's Peter Lorre
voice right Peter Lorre is famous he's
in he's in Maltese Falcon he's always
putting his kind of creepy guy who's
hanging around the fringes and he's
corrupt and he so in this in this movie
Peter Lorre like I said this gritty
stuff Peter Lorre plays a pedophile he's
he's a guy who kidnaps and rapes
children and kills them and he is and
and the movies called em and what ends
up happening is that the police
crackdown in order to catch this guy
they could have no idea who he is in
order to catch this guy they crack down
on the entire criminal underground and
so the criminal underground decides that
if today I want to stop this crackdown
they have to start looking for Peter
lorries you know everybody's looking for
Peter Lorre so here's here's one of the
scenes from from em so what you're
seeing now is Peter Lorre looking
through a a glass window and sees a
child of course
and for people who can't see you're
missing you know how good the acting is
but he's that I mean basically he's
turned on by the kid it's so well shot I
mean look how well shot this is right
the the shot over the collar of him
looking down the street and what's
iconic from this film is every time he's
I mean listen the sound production right
here was the point right so what's
iconic about that is that every time
he's about to kidnap and rape a kid he
starts whistling Grieg's in the hall of
the Mountain King right would you you
know from the Ritz crackers commercials
downtown downtown thought that then so
it's a very creepy movie the final scene
of this movie is one of the best final
scenes of any movie ever I won't spoil
it for you should go and rent it it's
not a very long movie but it's a very
intense movie I mean isn't I mean these
creaky stuff right he's following a
little kid here that's that's what you
can't see is why I need to subscribe
folks
so super creepy and the whole movie is
really creepy okay we stop it there but
the the final scene
I should do a week where it's just best
final scenes and movies the final scene
of this movie maybe maybe the best final
scene of any movie ever it's a
phenomenal scene it's a phenomenal scene
I don't want to spoil it for you I'll
tell ends in Mathis after the after the
show what happens but I don't want to
spoil it for you cuz it's really great
ok things that I hate so yesterday I
debated Sally cone and Sally cone did
something that was highly irritating to
me she lumped everybody in with Trump
now for people like me who don't back
Donald Trump it makes me nuts when
people trying to lump my ideology in
with a guy who's totally ideology for it
I mean Trump is who Trump is and he
believes what Trump believes and I don't
believe any of those things and so I've
been very critical of Trump more
critical than Sally Cohen has been
probably Michael Eric Dyson did the same
thing on MSNBC he said that Trump's
nationalism is a white racist
supremacist routine I don't know why
ABC's this week bothers to have mine but
they do so here's what it sounded like
and when Donald Trump talks about the
building a wall what he what people are
hearing we ought to have a real nation
for all of us even doesn't represent all
of us when he wants to keep immigrants
out he wants to build a wall and look at
his rallies when black people are pushed
around he then says the worst instincts
and his nationalism is really a white
racist supremacist nationalism that
whole thing half of the American people
were supporting Donald Trump okay so
what the term guy there is saying is
basically right that a lot of people who
support Trump are not this but one of
the problems with trumpism is the
trumpism reflects a nationalism that is
not rooted in founding ideology so
nationalism without founding ideology
really is no different from the
nationalism of Britain or the
nationalism of Greece I think that in
this way Trump and Hillary are basically
very similar look Donald Trump is a
Democrat he's a lifelong Democrat he may
be a more moderate Democrat than Hillary
Clinton but he's also running in my
party so we're gonna have to see how
this plays out I mean I'm not make a
guarantee for the future if I'm
from you know a week from now if I'm
never from two weeks from now
I'm never Trump as he currently stands
as I've said and thus he changes I can't
see myself voting for Donald Trump if he
changes and if the left continues to do
what the left is continuing to do then
things may change because the left is
making it nearly impossible to look at
them and take them seriously as a
governing force in the United States and
that's the Democratic Party particularly
so that's that's the that's the latest
well bring you more tomorrow there'll be
more to talk about I'm sure and we'll
see you then I'm Ben Shapiro this is the
Ben Shapiro show
