on Thursday Baltimore circuit judge
Barry Williams announced a not guilty
verdict on all charges against officer
Cesar Goodson in the death of 26
year-old arrestee Freddie gray last
April
Goodson had been charged with
second-degree murder manslaughter
second-degree assault manslaughter by
vehicle and reckless endangerment among
a bunch of other trumped-up charges
based on driving a van in which gray
died this particular verdict makes Goods
in the third officer set free in the
case the judge in the case he rightly
said that the prosecution didn't show
anything bad they didn't show the good
send the driver meant for anything bad
to happen to gray they the only thing
the state had shown according to the
judge was a failure of duty and not
buckling gray in at the fourth stop
along the route that wasn't criminal
negligence just didn't buckle the guy up
and he said there was no evidence
Goodson was aware or should have been
aware that Gray was hurt in the first
place this of course is totally right
according to the evidence despite the
judge's ruling Mayor Stephanie
rawlings-blake she's the nasty piece of
goods who said last year that she
allowed protesters in Baltimore room to
riot when they set the city on fire
after gray died she issued a statement
announcing an administrative review
against Goodson because that's how
things work now you get a second bite at
the Apple she said quote now that the
criminal case has come to an end officer
Goodson will face an administrative
review by the police department
I am proud that we as a community have
come together to move our city forward
over the past year ya know that didn't
happen the Freddie gray case it was just
another excuse for the left to be is
horrible toward police officers as they
always are prosecutor Marilyn Mosby who
pushed these ridiculous charges forward
if you remember she held this really
ballyhooed press conference at the time
in which she pledged to the people of
Baltimore and demonstrators across
America I heard your call for no justice
no peace
her office then repeatedly hid evidence
from the defense to cover up the fact
that she didn't have a case the left
immediately began talking her up as a
possible senator or a governor President
Obama if you recall jumped into the act
too he said this is not new we shouldn't
pretend it's new the good news is
perhaps there's some newfound awareness
because of social media and video
cameras and so forth but there are
problems and challenges when it comes to
policing and our laws are applied in
certain communities and we have to pay
attention to it no it isn't new for
Democrats to turn a non crime into a
racial conflict
conflagration for political gain what
would be new would be watching Mosby and
rawlings-blake and Obama pay a political
and legal price we're available until
that happens officers will simply stop
policing there's a reason the Baltimore
murder rate rose 63 percent last year
tell the cops not to do their jobs tell
them that if they do do their jobs
you're gonna prosecute them turns out
there won't do their jobs and some more
Americans die but those Americans don't
matter and those who don't care about
those Americans also don't matter so
long as cops get dragged through a
railroading so that those politicians
can find success I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show to demonize people
don't care about your feelings all
righty so we live in a in a post-racial
America that is completely racist the
Baltimore verdict comes down today and
that's just one piece of news the other
piece of news on the race front is that
the there a few but there the other
piece of news on the race front is that
the Supreme Court has determined that
affirmative action is mandated by the
Constitution essentially that
affirmative action is okay with the
Constitution in any case the the Equal
Protection Clause of the Constitution
which says explicitly that everyone must
have equal protection under the laws
meaning you can't say that there's a law
for for blacks and a law for whites and
the punishment for each are different
you can do that when it comes to racial
admissions on the Supreme Court level so
that was the big news at the Supreme
Court today the other big news that the
Supreme Court will get to this in just a
minute
well in in we get back to it is there's
a Supreme Court ruling today about
President Obama's executive amnesty
effectively it strikes down President
Obama's executive amnesty which is quasi
good news I'll explain why it's good
news and why it doesn't really matter
that much in a little while but the big
news over the course of the night was
the Democrats had decided that they were
going to do a sit-in on the House floor
on the floor of Congress in order to
protest Republicans not turning the
no-fly list into a no gun violence
meaning that if you're on the no-fly
list they want it to be that you can't
buy a gun for over five years or some
such nonsense and this was rejected in
the Senate as you recall this bill was
rejected in the Senate like two days ago
the House Democrats didn't really want
to push the bill but they didn't want to
make a big grandstanding move about it
so yesterday sometime in the morning
they just decided okay you know we're
gonna do we're gonna sit
down right here on the floor of Congress
and as we mentioned yesterday the
conversation apparently was supposed to
go something like this we're gonna sit
here if you don't destroy due process
right we want you to take the secret
list that you can't get off of the
secret list we want people on this list
not to be able to buy guns and if you
don't give that to us we're gonna sit
here and we're like okay you can sit
there and say no no you understand we're
gonna sit right here like right now here
our butts here like okay all right say
no no no like we're gonna sit here you
understand like here we're gonna sit
like we're not gonna move like okay you
can sit there until you grow into the
carpet like we don't care that's okay
you know but but we're sitting do you
want this went on for 25 this
legitimately 25 hours they they just
broke it up now my favorite thing about
that is that they were using the hashtag
it was something like no bill no break
well they didn't get a bill but they did
break so you so what what exactly drove
the break well number one they may have
run out of depends that's a possibility
and number two it's also a possibility
that they were getting food shipped to
them on the House floor I mean these
these people are really sacrificing
they're really sacrificing sitting in an
air-conditioned climate-controlled room
a richly apportioned climate-controlled
room where they could get up and go out
and come back anytime they please and
bringing in pillows and bring in
blankets and Elizabeth Warren bring in a
tepee to house herself and and and it
was really it was they had a buffet
right they actually had a buffet they
brought in full of food they called it
the but the buffett rule or the buffet
rule but they they they brought in a
buffet so they could really enjoy
themselves it was real sacrifice they do
this for twenty five hours and then they
stopped
maybe the reason they stopped is because
someone gave them the bill and just like
all Democrats they decided they couldn't
pay so they skipped out on the check and
stuck Paul Ryan with it but in any case
they went on for over a day with this
nonsense and provided all sorts of fun
video and fodder for us to make fun of
and so we'll be doing a lot of that
right now because the Democrats the
theme of today's shows that the
Democrats fully want to destroy every
aspect of the Constitution President
Obama wants to destroy the limits on
article to power the Supreme Court and
the leftist they're in want to destroy
the the limits
on the Equal Protection Clause the
Democrats wanted to spread the Second
Amendment they wanted destroy the fifth
amendment and what they threatened us
with President Obama threatens us with
yelling he's gonna yell at us and that's
really and I'm feel very threatened I
feel very scared of President Obama
telling me once he get him on the wrong
side of history and that the arc of
history bends toward justice or whatever
and I know I know I'm scared I know that
I'm ready to burn copies of the
Constitution because President Obama
says I should and then on the other hand
I'm being threatened by Democrats that
if I don't give up my right to due
process before they take away my ability
to buy a gun then they're gonna sit
there and I gotta tell you I'm I if not
you I am deeply disturbed but prospect
I'm a bunch of useless people whose job
literally consists of sitting there
doing nothing
sitting there and doing nothing I am
really concerned about this so it
started with John Lewis John Lewis is a
representative from Georgia he was a
civil rights martyr he was actually a
civil rights hero back in the 1960s like
he did sit-ins at counters at segregated
stores and like risked life and limb to
do that to protest government
regulations Jim Crow regulations now he
was sitting on the floor of the house to
protest the government should have
secret lists so that they can take away
guns from people which is just
spectacular by the way the other part of
this that's ironic is he's protesting in
favor of the no-fly list being used to
prohibit people from buying guns you
knows on the no-fly list John Lewis
Ramos is on the no-fly list who's put on
there by accident and he's been
struggling to get off of it for I
believe more than two years he's been
pulled over at airports 35 to 40 times
on the no-fly list but he says the
no-fly list is so good that you should
be able to be barred from the Second
Amendment rights well it's that good
John
then maybe if you're on the no-fly list
you shouldn't be eligible for election
to Congress how about that how about if
they're on the no-fly list you just
don't get to be in Congress I mean he'll
it seems dangerous to have people on the
no-fly list buying does seems more
dangerous to me if they're voting on
American policy for God's sake and being
being exposed to American intelligence
information I mean isn't that a risk
isn't that a real risk anyway John Lewis
gets up with a bunch of weird-looking
people from his Congressional Caucus and
and you have to see the footage folks
this is one of those days where you
really should subscribe to daily wire
because the the footage today is truly
spectacular and thanks to Malthus and
his crazy haircut for for cutting all
and so John here's here's John Lewis
saying that they're gonna continue to
fight we lost too many of our children
our babies too many of our mothers and
fathers our brothers and sisters and we
will continue to fight a little more
than 50 years ago across the bridge not
just one time but it took us three times
to make it all the way from Selma to
Montgomery
we have other bridges to cross and when
we come back in July we start all over
again but the American people they want
to say they want us to do something okay
no no they they actually don't remember
we actually don't want them to do
anything the ACLU the leftist
organization the ACLU is on my side of
this argument they know the no-fly list
is garbage and they are on my side they
see can't use the no-fly list to take
away people's due process of law is so
insulting I mean did his own history
it's insulting he knows better than this
it's so insulting for John Lewis to set
to equate his march against legislation
that removed rights for people based on
race for no reason to equate that with
him now wanting to remove rights from
people based on no evidence not the same
thing at all but yeah I guess you can
grandstand if you're if you're John
Lewis that wasn't the worst
grandstanding the worst grandstanding
yesterday was last night around nine
o'clock I don't know if they all got
drunk or what they they're taking
selfies from the floor of the house and
Elizabeth Warren was smoking peace pipe
she was chief Warren was was big heap
angry over boom boom stick and she was
sitting there getting very upset over
over the over the prevalence of guns in
America now remember folks this was just
voted down in the Senate two days ago so
they didn't have a proposal like they
were asked by people so what law do you
want to pass and they said we don't
really have a law suit so what are you
doing here well we're sitting here come
on well that's what we do they weren't
just sitting there last night they began
to sing like they're sitting there on
the floor and they start singing no
really they started singing
so what they're doing is singing we
shall overcome on the House floor and
changing some of the words can't pick
out exactly what they're saying come on
your bees maybe the folks at home can
but again singing we shall overcome
which was sudden many times are during
the civil rights movement and it's also
sung during Black History a month that
celebrations and that churches so these
idiots are sitting there singing we
shall overcome
like literally sitting there singing we
shall overcome like this is Martin
Luther King's March one know something
ironic Martin Luther King was on a
secret government watch list from the
FBI by J Edgar Hoover and he owned a gun
so according to John Lewis and according
to these people singing we shall
overcome
I guess Martin Luther King should have
lost his license to have a weapon they
should have taken away his his ability
to have a weapon after all he was on the
FBI's watchlist as a possible subversive
so there they are singing we shall
overcome really making a difference
really making a difference it's it's
pretty amazing Bernie Sanders apparently
came down to the floor for all of this
and he sat down on the floor and then
immediately shouted I've fallen and I
can't get up the the media of course
lapped all of this up like the lap dogs
they are they just let they love this
this was their favorite thing now back
in 2008 Republicans did the same thing
Republicans took to the floor and they
basically filibustered and they wouldn't
they wouldn't get off the floor in order
to protest Democrats
fracking Billy I will say this I think
the Republicans should take a note out
of the Democrat playbook and they should
do the sound abortion they should do the
sound on defunding Planned Parenthood as
long as we're gonna be grandstanding
full time now as long as our politics is
just grandstanding do it on things that
matter not not stupidities like like
getting rid of due process well it's
this is truly amazing the media is there
and they're worshipping at the altar oh
this is a historic moment I am so sick
of hearing you declare something
historic in real time you know when on
though something is historic when thirty
years from now we're still reading about
it in two weeks nobody's gonna remember
this historic moment come on come on and
so there all of the media were cheering
about this and apparently according to a
reporter from IJ review there were
thirty members of the media all thirty
members asked all the various members of
Congress how historic this was halfway
through this this idiotic
charade the Democrats turned to the
media and actually start applauding the
media james Clyburn from south carolina
they actually turned to the media and
started applauding the media which just
demonstrates exactly what this is
beep begin my remarks by
in the media Thank You amazing what we
talk about a free press and why we need
one yeah well a free press and why we
need one the Democrats hate the press
okay the president Obama has shut the
press out of more reporting than any
other president in history maybe except
for Woodrow Wilson or Abraham Lincoln
during the actual Civil War but the
Democrats apply the media of course they
applaud the media because the media
create for them an echo chamber and
that's what they want Nancy Pelosi says
exactly this clip nine Nancy Pelosi was
standing outside the house talking to
the media and here's what she had to say
about what what's the point of all this
why are you guys sitting around growing
your tentacles into the carpet why are
you why are you just like why does it
why do you think makes a difference for
you to sit on your fat cans for 25 hours
doing nothing and getting food shipped
into you like we have plenty of people
in America who do that now we don't need
more people that we pay to do that we
have lots of people do that now there
they're on welfare I guess are Democrats
here's here's Nancy Pelosi explaining
the real goal as we gather here on the
steps of the Capitol are that our
colleagues are gathered in great numbers
on the floor of the house as I said at
the beginning they still are call
together by John Lewis John Larson and
led by our Democratic whip mr. Hoyer
they have been in and out but again they
have this is an echo we are echoing each
other and what we hope to do is create
an echo chamber throughout America of a
repeated message of no bill no break
okay we hope we desperately hope hope
hope hope hope that there will be a an
echo chamber and that's what the
Democrats want and they get it with the
help of the media by the way I love her
bracelet you have to see she's wearing
this this huge bracelet I mean it looks
like Wonder Woman's bracelet here she's
wearing this giant bracelet it's a giant
rainbow bracelet no this isn't posturing
at all getting this isn't posturing in
any way
of course it's posturing that's that's
what they do they don't have any plans
here they don't know what they're doing
it's just posturing and remember all of
this is on the heels of a jihadist
attack right all of this is on the heels
of a jihadist attack Louie Gohmert who I
I really like Louie Louie's the only
person in Congress that I really enjoy
and he's a representative from Texas the
most sincere guy in Congress way too
good a fellow to be in Congress and at a
certain point in the middle of this last
night is like eight o'clock last night
Pacific time
Louie just comes down to the House floor
and he starts yelling at these people is
he just he says the hell is wrong with
you like why are you talking about
taking away due process from me why are
you taking about gun control you know he
did this a radical Muslim jihadist did
this you know this is a jihadi did this
why are you talking about that well
Louie Gohmert loses it and it's pretty
great here here it is to debate and
given the weakness of his arguments in
his position his fear is well-founded
I
so Luke comes daddy starts yelling at
them radical Islam killed these people
radical Islam kills people and they shot
him down why do you want to respond
I
don't let Jerry have a gun go back there
and have a gun okay we can stop it here
so so Lewis stat my favorite part here
is they say you guys don't want to have
a debate so Gomer it comes down he says
okay radical Islam kill these people
and they go no bill no prank no bill
they'll break shut them up no bill no
break we can't talk terrorists no gun
lalala yeah right exactly and then
that's and that's the yes this is the
kind of debate that they want now I have
to admit I think the Republicans should
bring up this bill for a vote I think
they should vote it down and I think
they should hammer Democrats on this
issue is a losing issue for Democrats
I'm not sure why Paul Ryan decided not
to bring this up for a vote bring it up
reject it bring up your bill make them
reject it you know do all the things
that do I'll do all the posturing the
Democrats do and if you're gonna leave
them there and you're gonna declare the
house in adjournment which he did last
night
then for goodness sake don't just allow
them to continue to maintain in an
air-conditioned chamber do exactly what
Nancy Pelosi did to Republicans in 2008
and 2008 you turned off the lights she
turned off the cameras she turned off
the air conditioning Paul Ryan could
have done that today but he didn't he
took the the sort of pansy way which I'm
gonna sit here I'll let them do what
they're gonna do it'll burn itself out
in any case here's what it looked like
when when Paul Ryan intervened to to
have a vote for adjournment it basically
the house broke into a little bit chaos
this is the unprecedented situation we
were anticipating for speaker trying to
fit in the house the Democrats chanting
no dough no break let's watch the joint
resolution
the question is whether the house that
reconsideration passed the joint
resolution the objections of the
President to the contrary
notwithstanding the gentleman from
Minnesota mr. Kline is recognized for
one hour
okay so that you can see them and them
losing their minds and their heed
shouting and nothing's happening because
this is stupid Occupy Wall Street crap
you know when President Obama said he
was gonna community organize America
this is what he meant that the house was
gonna turn into an Occupy Wall Street
routine complete with people pooping on
cop cars and such and it's know none of
this does any good obviously all of this
is just ridiculous and they and the
Democrats don't have any good arguments
on any of this so you know Paul Ryan
says this is a publicity stunt and
clearly he's correct but recognizing
it's a publicity stunt why don't you
deal with it like a publicity stunt
here's Paul Ryan's Wolf Blitzer last
night here's a key point the new CNN
poll shows an over well majority of
Republicans look at this 90% of
Republicans support that idea so why
won't you at least allow a vote on this
on the floor of the house well first I
would tell you well this is nothing more
than a publicity stunt that's point
number one point number two is this bill
was already defeated in the United
States Senate number three we're not
going to take away a citizen's due
process rights we're not going to take
away a citizens constitutional rights
without due process that was already
defeated in the Senate and this is not a
way to try and bring up legislation now
let's focus on the issue at hand here
terrorism and let's find out what we
need to do to prevent future terrorist
attacks and if a person is on a terror
watchlist and they go try to buy a gun
we have procedures in place to deal with
that we want to make sure that those
procedures are done correctly and that's
something we should be able to do in a
calm and cool manner without these sort
of dilatory publicity stunt tactics to
try and bring a bill that already died
over in the Senate to the House floor
why not be at least allow a vote up
resent well first of all they know that
we will not bring a bill that takes away
a person's constitutionally guaranteed
rights without their due process we
don't agree with that in the Senate
already doesn't agree with that so I
think look the point here wolf
this is a publicity stunt they're trying
to get you to ask me those questions for
publicity sake this isn't trying to come
up with a solution to a problem this is
trying to get attention okay and this is
right the Democrats by the way are
already raising money off of this they
sent out all of their fundraising
letters trying to raise money off the
dead people in our lands Oh based on
this little publicity stunt the problem
for Ryan is that Ryan is such an
accountant he's such a such a goody
two-shoes he doesn't know how to deal
with publicity stunts what he should be
doing is he should be turning off the
lights he should be if you either do
that or hold the vote and hammer them
like I still don't understand why not
just hold the vote and hammer them it
seems to me like that'd be a better
strategy then allowing them to
grandstand on this basis because that's
it's just it's silly that said the
Democrats have no arguments at all here
I mean their arguments are just
egregiously bad that my favorite my
favorite terrible Democratic argument
comes courtesy of Charlie Rangel who is
legitimately an idiot and Charlie Rangel
from New York he was asked specifically
why he has security like if we don't
need guns why do you have security and
here was his answer protection had that
protection but individuals or law
abiding citizens in your district should
our law abiding citizens just shouldn't
have to carry your gun you know that so
you're not gonna push me in that
direction but you're protected by guns
are all over the place here in the
capital we deserve it you don't deserve
it we deserve it great answer Charlie
Rangel and so glad that our our
protected political class thinks they
deserve protection but none of the rest
of us do especially from people like
them who want to take all of our rights
away and but it's not just it's not just
Charlie Rangel here's another democratic
representative explaining that there is
definitely afraid this is this is
Crowley and things Josef Crowley or
Jonathan Crowley I can't remember his
his first name from from Massachusetts
and he's asked about this and his answer
is similarly hilarious but won't your
conscience vote for the right thing do
the due process where might one of my
colleagues started yelling out what
about due process I'll start chanting
due processes I said what about deep
for the little child was killed in a
classroom what about the due process
where a young person who's dancing in a
nightclub and they come in and and their
heads have gone off by an automatic
weapon what about their two prizes
I believe in due process I think we can
work the bill but I think that covers
the rights of people's due process at
the same time takes hands out of out of
the hands of terrorists and the
criminals and people want to do farm to
average ordinary American citizens it's
a time Crowley and he is from he's from
New York so Joe Crowley there he says
that that what about the due process
rights for the person who's killed well
it's not just their due process rights
that are violated it's their basic right
to life that is being violated in that
case by somebody else which is illegal
the problem here is that you're saying
it should be legal for you to take away
my rights not illegal legal right if
somebody comes in here and God forbid
shoots me they violated my rights and
they've broken the law in doing so if
you come in to what he's saying is he
wants to come in here and tell me that I
can't buy a gun and that should be
perfectly legal for him to do the
Democrats this this sort of logic is the
logic of tyranny this is the logic of
tyranny well what about the what about
the every right becomes secondary to
this think about it this way I say well
I've rights of free speech and he says
well your free speech generates the
people who kill little kids in
classrooms doesn't that kid have a right
to free speech he's dead now so you
can't complain about your right to free
speech being infringed any right you can
do that any right any right right every
right that you have I have a right to
own my property well you're right to own
your properties impoverishing some kid
in the third world then that can have a
right to life doesn't that can have a
right to to live it doesn't his right
Trump you're right once you get to his
rights Trump your rights you're not
talking about rights anymore you're
talking about tyranny and the government
allocating its priorities to one person
and taking away the rights of another in
order to do so okay that's that's what's
here tyrants do right Nazis under the
Nazi regime had right nobody else did
and the idea here is that the little kid
in the classroom has rights which I
acknowledge but that he has to take away
my rights in order to protect that kid
which of course is not true in the
slightest
it's such a bad argument at such a
tyrannical argument and he's not the
only one making stupid arguments Seth
Moulton is a Democrat from Massachusetts
and he gave a speech last night in favor
of the no-fly no-buy legislation
and he said that it's the right to
travel is so basic we didn't have to
include it in the Bill of Rights
Judy's talking about here and what we're
asking for is so reasonable if you're on
a no-fly list if you're not allowed to
fly you want not to be able to buy a gun
and if there are problems with the
no-fly list then let's fix it but ask to
tell me this if there are so many
problems with the no-fly list why do we
have the no-fly list why are these
people not allowed to fly I'm sure that
has nothing to do with the fact that
everybody in this body flies home every
weekend is the freedom to travel not
afforded to Americans is that not a
right that we care about do we live in a
government that can go and tell you
you're not gonna get on that plane just
arbitrarily no that's a basic freedom
it's so basic we didn't even have to
include it and the Bill of Rights does
it mean stop right there first and so
his argument here is that the right to
travel is more basic than your right to
own a gun that's the argument that he's
making it's so basic we didn't have to
include it in the Bill of Rights this is
so stupid it's its head hurting ly
stupid the whole point of including
things in the Bill of Rights is because
they're basic that's why they were
included there is it more is the right
to travel a more basic than the right to
free speech that one was included in the
Bill of Rights which one is more
important do you think which one do you
think the founders cared about more what
absolute asininity
and when it caught him when and when
he's talking about the no-fly list
here's the truth you can still fly from
the no-fly list so long as you can
differentiate yourself from the suspect
who they think that they're trying to
pursue so this is why John this is why
John Lewis is on the no-fly list but
he's still been able to fly right but
again this isn't about arguments this is
all about posturing and that's all the
Democrats want to do it's just posturing
all over the place posturing right and
left and of course celebrities are all
in on this celebrities from Britney
Spears to Lady gaga they've been jumping
and they wrote an open letter to
Congress about how they they they think
that it's just terrible that there isn't
more gun control it's this long list of
useless celebrities whose opinions I
don't care about because they're paid to
sing songs other people write and
they're paid to read lines that other
people write it means people like Demi
Lovato and Ellen DeGeneres
why would I possibly care what demi
lovato has to say about anything her
secure her famous song is about being
hot for the summer why would I care what
Lady Gaga has to say about anything her
knowledge of the Constitution is rivaled
only by her subtle tastes and there's
just it's this long long list of useless
people I could not care less about
Questlove woohoo Ricky Martin says I
shouldn't have a gun
well now that Ricky Martin says it well
I guess I won't be living with vida loca
with Ricky Martin I guess I am really
I'm really on board with all of this
Tony Bennett I mean come on come on
so our rights should go away because a
lot of celebrity sale rights should go
away and this again is the theme of
today's show the left doesn't like your
rights left thinks that your rights are
bad because left thinks you are bad see
the left has no problem with their own
security carrying guns because those
people are good they're protecting them
but you disagree with them so you
shouldn't be able to carry a gun this is
why no-fly lists this is why terror
watch lists are scary because the people
who are in charge get to simply dictate
who goes on the list and who doesn't is
there any doubt is there any doubt that
if Nancy Pelosi were in charge of that
list and that list was the easy way of
preventing people from getting guns
anybody who supports her political
opponents goes on that list is there any
doubt that happens of course that's
exactly what happened of course that's
exactly what happens but this is this is
what Democrats do they're interested in
curtailing your rights so that they can
pursue their broader agenda of
controlling you and getting rid of
rights altogether and what they really
want in the end is they want the rule of
their friends they want that the oleg
Archy they want the tyranny they want
the guy at the top so the other big
story of the day is the Supreme Court
split for for on President Obama's
executive amnesty if Justice Scalia were
alive then presumably he would have
voted against President Obama's
executive amnesty President Obama in
case you don't remember had said
somewhat like 20 times something like 20
times that he did not have the
presidential authority to go ahead and
just amnesty millions of people anyone
who had an amnesty millions of people
somebody appealed that 26 states
appealed that to the Supreme Court and
the Supreme Court said no you can't
really do that so much so president's
mom was super pissed about that today
and President Obama spent about 20
minutes this morning talking about how
is everybody else's fault that he even
had to do that in the first place and
well Congress should have passed
comprehensive immigration reform it's
their fault that I had to do this
it's the Supreme Court's fault that I
had to do this because they could have
sided with me and if the Republicans
would just greenlight my justice that
replaces Justice Scalia if they were
just greenlight Merrick garland then
hell I wouldn't have to do any of this I
could just you know go ahead and get
what I want through legal methods but
they won't give me what I want so I did
what I wanted anyway
this is how Democrats govern Democrats
believe that rule of law is an obstacle
to them getting things done this is why
I'm very much in favor of the sit-in
that happened on the floor of Congress I
hope it would continue year-round I hope
I hope it's all year they do this I
don't want them doing things I think
that their action is an obstacle to my
freedom they think that my freedom is an
obstacle to their action this is this is
the this is the scary thing about
Democrats and this is the scary thing
about the left my rights are an obstacle
to them doing what they want so the
right simply have to be overruled so
President Obama he basically said yeah I
know what I was doing was illegal but
Congress wouldn't act I'm invoking the
f-you clause of article 2 of the
Constitution the one that says F you all
do it I want you remember the founders
put that in there in case things ground
to a halt there's a long history of this
sort of thing ending poorly where a
government says we're just going to
we're just going to over run your rights
because things are too important things
are too important this is how enabling
acts get passed in Germany this is how
fascist governments rise in Italy this
is how tyrants take power they don't do
it on the back of the tyrants don't do
it on the back of I'm gonna be a
jackbooted thugs gonna come in and take
all your rights they do it on the back
of doesn't that kid getting shot have a
right don't we have rights against the
bad guys don't don't don't you have a
right to be free of economic impurity
and economic insecurity all you have to
do is if you've liked if you think those
rights are important all you have to
just give me all your other rights and
then you have to worry about any that
stuff I'll take care of everything I'll
take care of everything and a lot of
people go yets right democracy just
isn't or Keable democracy isn't workable
now Democrats have a secondary plan here
and that is to purposefully make
democracy unworkable and so they go down
to the House floor and they protest and
they scream and they make democracy look
stupid and then they say well you know
the democracy doesn't work about this
democracy doesn't work I'm just gonna do
what I have to do on my own I'm the
president after all somebody's got to do
something around here this is how
tyrants take power this is this is how
tyrannies rise and unfortunately it is
on both sides of the aisle
I think the
Trump has a bit of the same more than a
bit of the same in him the if we won't
get something done I'll just do it
myself attitude I think a lot of
Americans buy into this I don't think
it's just Americans I think historically
human beings have a desire for a tyrant
who agrees with them maybe the truth
Aristotle said this he said if you have
a monarch who agrees with you it's
better than having a democracy well
that's if you don't believe in rights I
think it amok recei is better even if
the democracy doesn't agree with me so
long as that democracy isn't violating
my rights once the democracy violates my
rights and my rights to be free of you
then then it's no longer a decent
democracy so the Democrats are full
scale on attack against against all of
this which is very troubling and very
frightening all together so now let's do
some things I like some things I hate
and then the mailbag is a trump free
episode by the way of the ben shapiro
show so this is the i know it's been a
while but donald trump's over in
scotland so there's not really much to
say about that other than there's some
weird conversations going on where
Donald Trump's over his golf course a
hey isn't this a magnificent golf course
like get outta here welcome Eugene why
are you here why wearing a kilt who's
this crazy orange have a guy standing
here okay so okay time for some things I
like and things I hate okay so this week
the the Jewish community we read the the
parsha partial just means portion we
read the Torah portion the Old Testament
portion known as Baja low Scott okay so
this is a portion where it talks about
it's more about what is done in the
temple about the building of the menorah
and this is also the part where the Jews
complain basically the Jews in the Bible
just stand around complaining the whole
time and God keeps saying God you guys
are awful but I've made a covenant with
you a fine so there's this week's
episode of that is they complain about
the fact that the mana that falls from
heaven is not good enough for them they
would prefer some meat and so gods like
fine here's some meat and then he's like
a giant flock of birds just fall on the
camp right that's that's one of the big
elements of this week's partial but the
part I want to talk about is there's
there's one sentence there's one verse
in this week's in this week's Torah
portion that is cited by the left very
often and that is numbers 914 and it
says if a proselyte dwells with you and
he makes a Passover sacrifice to the
Lord according to the statutes of the
Passover sacrifice and its ordinances he
shall make it one statute shall apply to
you to the proselyte and to the native
one citizen so what the left likes about
all of this is that the left sights the
last part right one wall will apply to
you and to the proselyte into the
native-born citizen what they seem to
imply is if an illegal immigrant lives
in the United States they're bound by
law morality requires that we treat the
stranger among you as we would treat you
this neglect the the actual Jewish law
and the actual Torah law that says that
in order for somebody to be considered a
proselyte they actually have to abide by
the law they can't be someone who just
sits down in your house and now you have
to treat them with respect it has to be
somebody who has accepted the mantle of
the law on them and then they get
treated like everybody else then they
belong under that one statute but if
they just come in and they say we're not
paying attention to any of your laws now
treat me great it doesn't work that way
so when you talk about Syrian Muslim
refugees for example coming to Europe
and taking part in in Europe but not
really kind of separating themselves off
setting up their own courts and not just
their own courts but but ignoring basic
moral law in in these in these nations
you can't treat them the illegal
immigrants just the same as you would
anybody else you actually have to have a
set of laws especially for them the I
think it's important to debunk leftist
notions of the Bible because the left
constantly cites the Bible out of
context I can't wait at some point here
on Friday we're supposed to have a a
crossover show where Clavin and and i
and jeremy boring we all sit together
and we and we chat over this stuff i
can't wait to do biblical exegesis with
Clavin because i like about half of
klevens biblical exegesis and half of it
i think is way too soft and so i'm
looking forward to having that
conversation I listened yesterday to his
exegesis of Judge not from the New
Testament and and not that I'm an
advocate for for the New Testament
because I'm sure Clavin knows the New
Testament better than I do after all he
believes it you know that goes in his
nonfiction section it goes in my fiction
section I would you but I've read it and
the part where he talks about judge not
I'm pretty sure that Jesus did not mean
judge not means that I don't have the
capacity to admonish you if you're doing
something sinful judge not just means I
don't know what your sins count for in
the eyes of God and so I have no right
to declare myself better than you in the
eyes of God because of the sin that
you're doing but I still certainly know
what the sin is and if you look in the
Old Testament and speak another explicit
and another explicit order in the Old
Testament it specifically says
the you shall not put a stumbling block
in front of the blind what it means by
that is that you have a duty to warn
people about the sins that they are
committing in Judaism it's called the
hustle you're supposed to give people a
warning about the things that they are
doing that are wrong and it's actually
part it's a vital part of Jewish
criminal law biblical criminal law so I
can't wait to have those crossover
conversations because the Bible
continues to be the foundation document
for all of Western civilization and how
we interpret it I'm not sure there's
anything more important than that okay
things that I hate so I want to talk
about Ben Affleck Ben Affleck for a
second so Ben Affleck is I thought use
great and Batman vs Superman actually
and I really don't like Ben Affleck as
an actor at all I think he's usually
wooden but he played a real kind of dark
nasty Batman in Batman vs Superman and
since I think that's actually who he
probably is he played it really well
he was a he was on this news show any
given Wednesday with Bill Simmons Bill
Simmons I really enjoyed those women's
writing a lot I don't think he's very
good on TV but Bill Simmons does the
show and now he has Ben Affleck on and
it's all awkward and stuff Ben Affleck
launches into the scree just a yelling
drunken rage about Tom Brady into flake
gate and we'll play a little bit of it
Blake is this the ultimate Boston sports
story that ever could have happened us
against them the freaking is the
ultimate bull outrage of the sports ever
it's so stupid that I can't believe you
really they gave him a suspension for a
quarter of the regular season which
would be equivalent of suspending a
baseball player for forty 15 days for an
quarter days yeah exactly which is what
they do for when you get busted taking
steroids right which and by the way if
the NFL had a real testing it really
knew had tests for steroids and HGH in
abeyance right there be no Anna
gray so instead what they what they did
was to spend time ready for four days
for not giving them his King cell phone
that's and for having a friend who
called himself the deflator if I got in
trouble for all the things that my
friends called themselves yeah it would
be finished okay okay so he goes on like
this for five minutes first of all he
got in trouble for nailing his nanny
then he'd also be in trouble but Ben
Affleck what I love about this is that
Bill Simmons
there's a great column by Jim Garrity at
national will be honest Bill Simmons
pitches that says we're gonna say the
things that no one will say and this is
making the rounds now it's going viral
cuz Ben Affleck is cursing about
deflategate he's saying that things no
one will say does anybody find this back
controversial like anything that he's
saying does anybody find any of this
really controversial like the flake gate
is kind of stupid and if everybody in
the NFL were tested for actual steroids
then there wouldn't be another like this
isn't controversial I love that the new
standard for hot talk is I say stuff
when I drop the f-bomb a lot rather
that's the new standard for hot talk the
problem that I have with that is that
what they actually end up doing because
of this is they take well accepted
opinions and then they say well this is
super edgy and fringy and then when you
say something that's not particularly
well accepted because it is for example
politically conservative then it's not
just edgy and fringy and it's not yeah
it's not just biting and it's not
hardcore no when you say it now you're
just a clean bag like you're out of the
realm of even rational discourse because
you see here's the new mainstream and
then on the edge of the mainstream has
been asked like talking about to flake
eight and then there's you over here
saying that men are actually men and not
women right you're way out here I mean
that's you're crazy I mean cuz Ben
Affleck that's dudes edgy you're more
than edgy I mean you are a nut you are
out of your mind that's what I hate
about this stuff because it's it's so
stupid I mean like what he's saying here
is so uncontroversial and be like wow
he's ripping on the flake aid what a
snore okay that too and Lindsey Lindsey
thinks that Ben Affleck is absolutely
drunk during this I think that's just
Ben Affleck as normal and and he
actually looks like Ben fat flat there a
little bit he's it would say he doesn't
he doesn't look like he's been working
out since Batman he kind of let himself
go and then he'll juice himself up for
the next Batman role I have to say I was
not overly impressed in Batman vs
Superman the part that that I was not
overly impressed with was the was the
workout the workout routine because I
was looking at that and I was like I
kind of do that stuff like if I can do
that Batman should be doing stuff that's
way harder than that like if I like I'm
in pretty good shape but I'm not Batman
or am i who knows
so it's okay okay time for the mailbag
okay so Luke writes hey Ben what do you
say to someone who says the Constitution
is out of date that argument seems to be
popular I say that this is a tyrant and
waiting so the Constitution is base
there are certain values that that
change and then there are certain values
that don't and one of the things that
doesn't change is human nature the
Constitution is based on a concept of
human nature that says human beings are
capable of great good or were capable of
great evil but we're basically driven by
our own interests and the only way to
make sure that my interest doesn't
overwhelm your interest the only way to
make sure I don't come into your house
of the gun and steal all your stuff is
to ensure that there are checks and
balances because in in in a pure
democracy for example I wouldn't need to
come into your house and steal all your
stuff I and three of my friends would go
vote against you to go in your house and
steal all of your stuff this is called
communism right so what the kind what
the founders said is we need a complex
process by which interest is pitted
against interest is what it says in
Federalist 51 faction against faction
and they fight each other and maybe
there's no winner and the only way that
things really get done is if everyone
agrees if there's a broad consensus
that's when we do things otherwise we
all kind of just everything balances out
in the wash nothing happens and you're
left to your own devices that's why the
Constitution is relevant the left hates
that because the left wants a pure
democracy where they can ram down your
throat whatever they think the community
wants and the community in their case is
just the left like you don't count as a
person in the left viewpoint so whenever
somebody says the Constitution is
outmoded what they really mean is they
don't agree with what the Constitution
thinks of humanity because the left
thinks alternatively that people like
many people who they disagree with are
evil or that they are just ultimately
good cute wonderful human beings who
don't need a check on them
Colin writes hey Ben what are your
thoughts on brexit so brexit is I know a
lot of people have talked about this
haven't talked about it too much
mainly because it's Britain and not the
United States but it's sort of the
equivalents I know Clavin talks about
this yesterday of if Texas had decided
that it was just seceding from the Union
so it's a big deal it's a big deal it's
not quite that bad because the fact is
that Texas was a Republican still calls
itself the Republic of Texas but Texas
it was pretty quickly integrated into
the United States Britain existed for
hundreds of years before the rise of the
EU and the European the European
Commission in the 1960s and 70s and then
it became the European Union in the
1980s so it's really kind of a
short-lived thing it really is only an
after world war two thing that the EU is
created and so it's not quite the same
thing as Texas being part of the Union
but in some ways it is in the sense that
like Britain has its own army they can
make their own foreign policy Texas
can't do that Britain
has its own domestic policy that does
look more like taxes but they're there a
bunch of problems with the European
Union as it currently is constituted and
I think that there are good reasons why
if I were living in the UK I would
probably vote for brexit number one
sovereignty matters so over at the EU
they have this european parliament that
basically is just a rubber stamp for a
bunch of bureaucrats and brussels who
pass all these rules and then the
european parliament Greenlight's them
and then they're incumbent on everybody
to follow this is this is taxation
without representation or at least
regulation without representation it's a
bunch of bureaucrats telling people what
to do in Britain who never voted for any
of this stuff and never voted for any of
this stuff and that I think is just on a
root level really really wrong on
immigration I think that Britain has
every case to be made that why should
they have to accept refugees the
Germany's accepting just because Germany
did it there are countries that aren't
really part of the EU that are in
Eastern Europe and they are looking at
this and they're saying well we were
building fences to keep these people out
like we're not gonna let you just but
there's free travel within the EU and so
the idea is that refugees could just
come into Britain from France or from
Germany and they don't like that so I
think that's a good reason and finally
the bureaucracy itself I mean it has all
sorts of idiotic rules at the EU level
and then there's the socialistic aspect
which is that the EU sponsors all of
these failing states like Greece which
is why Germany has been paying for
Greece free for years and Britain is
kind of sick of it Britain had kept its
own currency it doesn't take part in the
euro but all these connections mean that
it doesn't have the freedom to operate
as it sees fit I know a lot of people
are afraid that if Britain exits the EU
that this will kill global trade I don't
see why that should have to be true the
United States has trade policies with
the EU Norway has trade policies with
the EU Switzerland has trade policies
with the EU and isn't part of the EU
they're plenty of countries in kind of
the Nordic areas that are not part of
the EU but have really easy trade
relationships with the EU we have trade
relationship with Japan like oh I don't
see why you should have to be part of
the the European Union in order to trade
with the European Union I also don't see
why you should have to be part of the
European Union's have a common security
apparatus you already do it's called
NATO so I would vote for brexit if it
were up to me obviously I'm not a
citizen so it doesn't really matter
Lindsay writes hey Lindsay seems to be
an awesome makeup artist and her
contribution to the show seems to be
there
impressive I mean really really really
impressive I agree I mean you should see
me without the makeup I look like cookie
monster said I can't get enough of her
isn't Lyndsey great what are your
thoughts on her awesomeness would be
amazing be the word you choose or maybe
effervescent okay so first I should
point out Lindsay cultivates the mailbag
so so the fact that is the fact that
this is in the mailbag I can't say that
this kind of this seems to have been
sneaked in by somebody and also Lyndsey
wrote it so it's in so I'm gonna go so
Lindsay thank you for your mail no you
don't get a raise
but it's okay thank you but I do think
was I can't believe that I didn't see
that coming and that is HIGHlarious and
I look forward I look forward to
subscriber Mathis writing in next week
to tell me how great Mathis is Harrah's
okay Greg writes
heibon we welcomed our first child to
the world last month you have any
parenting books to recommend thank you
Greg yeah there's there's not dr. Spock
there's there's books by dr. Karp and
those books are good for little kids and
first of all I think that the best
parenting manual you have is probably
your own parents pick up on what you
think was good do that all the things
you think we're bad don't do those
things and you'll probably be a better
parent than your parents I had really
great parents that makes it easy also
quick tip if you're worried about sleep
training for your kid and there's this
whole new theory that you're supposed to
go in and like Pat their backs while
they're crying and then you leave them
then come back and Pat their back you
don't do any of that once they're four
and a half months five months you let
them cry right you put them down for a
nap it's really hard it's really painful
you put them down for a nap
they cry for like 45 minutes and they
get tired and fall asleep the next day
it's like half an hour then 15 minutes
then five and then done and they go to
sleep as soon as you put them down and
also have a normal bedtime routine but
yeah I think that as far as parenting
books I haven't read any that I thought
were super spectacular the reason I
recommend carp is because carpets and
solutions to fussing and also to kind of
colic for babies that are really good
I'm sure that your pediatricians told
you about them but yeah that'd be a good
place to start Frank writes how does the
concept of freedom of religion survive
when there is a foundational cultural
conflict like the one we see today
between Islam and the judeo-christian
West great question Frank okay so
freedom of religion does not mean I have
to accept every crazy aspect of every
crazy religion that comes into the
United States the Supreme Court has
ruled by businesses
if I have a religion that says hey it's
the religion of MOA and it's time for
some child sacrifice gang all right
let's let's do that I mean number one we
would immediately we would immediately
make them President to Planned
Parenthood's that's they do over there
but aside from that we would also say
this is not necessarily a religion that
it falls under freedom of religion there
are certain basic rules that everybody
has to follow and freedom of religion
really has to do more with your with
your ritual practice than it has to do
with your violation of basic cultural
precepts like we all have to agree on
basic cultural precepts this is one of
the things that's so scary about
multiculturalism is that and then the
left season when it comes to religion
but they don't see it when it comes to
multiculturalism if you come here and
you want to kill your kid because you're
a secular you're a second one from some
crazy part of the world where this is
what they do then the left kind of goes
oh okay that's kind of spectacular
that's kind of cool and if you but if
you come in and you say you know what I
don't want to serve your same-sex
wedding because my Bible says not to
then the left says no that's terrible
that's religious discrimination the
freedom of religion is meant to suggest
that you got to act out your religion in
public and private so long as you don't
hurt anybody else and that's the rule
right as long as you don't hurt anybody
else radical Islam hurts other people
that's why the practices of radical
Islam are problematic not because of
anything it says in the Quran it's why
you'll see I don't I don't cite the
Quran I don't go into long explanations
what the Quran says verses the Bible I
don't think that is actually super
important I think how people act is much
more important and their thought process
is important to that but I'm not going
to I'm not an Islamic expert I'm not
gonna tell you what's a more legitimate
form of Islam I'm just gonna tell you
that it's hongbin Laden knows more about
Islam than I do and so does and so does
so so do various moderate Muslims around
the world but I can tell you what the
percentages are which and who's the
threat okay Robert says Ben I'm a huge
fan of both yourself and Clavin and
anxiously await each new podcast would
you consider doing and debate with
stefan molyneux i don't really know him
so I'm happy to debate with pretty much
anybody I was even happy to debate with
with the execrable Milo you innopolis
and until he chickened out because he's
a coward a lot of what he has to say I
have a hard time understanding his Trump
fandom and and so he wants me to ban him
I again I'm happy to debate him sure
Daniel writes Ben loved the show get him
to see that mug of yours and hear the
unbeatable
spill out of it for the price of a
Netflix subscription is well worth it
well I appreciate it and everyone else
should follow Daniels lead he says the
next time you're on a talk show with the
leftist and they start complaining about
how everything is the rights fault you
should whip out your violin and playing
along with their lament yeah that would
be funny I am in fact I am in fact a
good violinist although I have not
practiced in a couple of years which
means it's like riding a bicycle you
don't lose everything but you're also
not in racing shape
okay David's has been people on the Left
off and you Zionist as an argument ender
the way they use bigoted racist Islamist
homophobe as far as I can make out all
it takes to be a Zionist is to believe
in the legitimacy of the statehood of
Israel well I can distort my brain to
understand why the left hates that is
there more to their definition of the
word or should it be filed under I have
no argument so I'm going to insult you
know that's how it should be filed
that's the entire argument and the
design is that there are people who try
to read into Zionist like who else
racial nationalism no it's religious
nationalism actually it's it was
established that the State of Israel was
established specifically to provide a
safe haven for Jews around the world
which as each succeeding generation
demonstrates is increasingly necessary
and beyond that it was founded as a
liberal democracy to preserve the
precept of Judaic religion and thought
and the ethnic Judaism is actually
secondary the only reason ethnic Judaism
matters at all I really don't care about
it the only reason ethnic Judaism
matters at all is because it's a pretty
cept of religious Judaism so it's part
of the religion if it weren't I wouldn't
care and this is why when people say
Zionism is racism for example really
Ethiopian Jews were flown in like tens
of thousands were flown in on planes and
those are black people right I mean
they're from Africa and the Syrian Jews
were flown in Russian Jews were flown in
I mean Judaism is multi-ethnic it's it's
multi-ethnic it has no it has no ethnic
component beyond just if you happen to
be born into a Jewish parent but you can
convert to Judaism and then your jewish
parent okay Mitchell right hi Ben my
girlfriend and I have been taking
classes at a Lutheran Church where we
wish to have our wedding one day and
have our future children grow well in
the class our pastor explained all that
believe in God will be saved as long as
they believe in the one true God in
previous lessons we learned that one
must believe in Jesus as the Savior
I asked about Jews although you may not
believe Jesus was our Savior you believe
in God and that he's the one true God
when I asked if they would be saved he
could not answer my question why could
he not answer me
we believe in one true God I believe God
will save the Jews as well as the
Christians what is your take
I mean I can't answer for your pastor I
know there are some Christians who
believe that Jews are saved I think that
the mainstream position is that Jews are
not saved because we don't accept Christ
in Christ is the way the the way in the
light and there is no path to heaven
except through me that doesn't bother me
in the slightest I don't care you know
when I die then I guess I'll deal with
that so long as we're friends here and
we're allies here fighting the same
battle then after we die we can have
that argument you know I think that
you're going to heaven if you believe in
Jesus and you obey certain basic
principles of decent life if you believe
I'm going to hell I really could not
care less about that it doesn't matter
to me so long as you don't plan on
sending me there like a lot of radical
Muslims then I don't care I really do
that this is this is this doesn't bother
me one iota when I order that of course
religions believe that other religions
are wrong you know that's why Judaism
isn't Christianity and vice-versa okay
Andrew writes hey Ben what's your
opinion repealing the twelfth amendment
for just this election and have a
Clinton trump ticket cuz at this point
why not well I mean a Clinton Trump
ticket or Trump Clinton ticket is
basically two sides of the same coin so
I'm sure why not why not hey one last
one Jane says hey Ben I know you've
talked about liberal messaging and newer
Disney movies have you seen Zootopia yet
I think they went full social justice
warrior they mentioned affirmative
action political correctness sexism and
racism it's social engineering if I've
ever seen it I haven't seen it yet I
plan on watching it I'll let you know as
soon as I do I do know that the left
sick perverse attempt to target children
with their propaganda in kids films
makes me want to vomit
it's disgusting and it's something that
every parent should be policing I mean
you've heard me talk about frozen and
the social message the social messaging
implicit and let it go now they're using
findings or we've talked about this they
the fighting Tory there's a random
lesbian couple that shows up
apparently there's a trans a trans fish
or something there's a stingray they did
I guess it was Trent it was it was it
was a stingray and now sting Ronda I
guess which which is weird because in
the animal kingdom that doesn't happen
because if that happened in the animal
kingdom everybody would die off
basically but it's but the this attempt
to socially engineer children it gives
the lie to the left when they say if you
just leave us alone
then we won't bother you or your kids
that is an absolute lie they absolutely
will bother you they absolutely will
bother your kids and if you don't fight
back using your market power they will
continue to do that endlessly and it's
because so many talented people so make
make so much good art that disagrees
with that but it's one thing for me as
an adult to expose myself to art that I
know disagrees that I disagree with it's
another thing for me to expose my
five-year-old child to art that has an
agenda that is subtle and that and that
I disagree with and that I find sinful
and problematic okay folks we've reached
oh yeah we have one video question thank
you for the reminder okay video question
I've been thanks probably do
my question is part sex educators the
middle school high school sex education
teachers aren't they accomplices of rape
because they're teaching sex education
giving out condoms providing resources
telling kids that they can have
consensual sex when by law children
until you're 18 some states 16 but
generally 18 you cannot have consensual
sex okay so this is actually a good
question it also illustrates the
difference between statutory rape and
and what they call forcible rape now
Todd akin got himself in all sorts of
trouble because he was making a legal
distinction that people don't understand
he's also saying something really stupid
scientifically idiotic but there is a
legal distinction between statutory rape
and forcible rape right
statutory rape is a 20 year old guy has
sex with a 16 year old girl and there's
no Romeo and Juliet law and so he is now
guilty of statutory rape because he's
raped someone who's not capable of
giving consent to someone that much
older that's not quite the same thing as
forcible rape which is a 20 year old
guys he's a 16 year old girl walking
down the street she's not his girlfriend
they're not dating or anything he grabs
her off the street puts her in back of
and rapes her right there is a
distinction in law with regard to the
punishment that goes along with that
when it comes to statutory rape of
course this is true of course this is
true you teach a 12 13 year old girl
that sex is wonderful and fine and
beneficial and so long as it feels good
do it and then she meets a 20 year old
guy says yeah so long as it feels good
do it yeah you're of course you're
facilitating statutory rape in that way
my view is that it's up to the parents
to teach their kids about sex I don't
want teachers teaching my kids about sex
like I want to teach my children what my
standards are and what moral standards
look like I don't trust anybody else to
teach my kids about the most vital parts
of life that's my job as a parent where
my problems with sex ed is this
abdication that's occurred where parents
say oh well I don't have to have
talk that confusing time I've never
understood this by the way all these
people in society Oh oh my god I can't
believe I have to have to talk with mom
I can't believe I have to talk with dad
and these idiot parents oh my god it's
gonna be so awkward we'd have to tell my
daughter about sex it's gonna be so
awkward why is it awkward why is it
awkward it seems to me that one of the
goals unfortunately of the secular left
is to shroud sex in mystery and then to
and then to pretend that there's no
mystery at all about it right so they
they want it both ways they want to
shroud it in mystery like with something
that it's too dirty to be talked about
it's so dirty that's what makes it sexy
it's so dirty we can't talk about it and
then at the same time there's no mystery
about it at all it's just like pooping
it's just a bodily function it's like
eating or pooping people just do it it's
totally great okay here's the reality
there there is a mystical component to
sex clayvin talks beautifully about this
he says that the difference between rape
and consensual sex is a spiritual
difference because the physical act is
it is precisely the same all that's
lacking is consent it's a crime against
the soul not just against the body for
you to talk to your kids about sex is
incumbent on you as a parent and it
shouldn't be confusing and it shouldn't
be upsetting and the fact is the more
outright and forthright you are about
sex with your kids the better you and
this isn't to say that and and when I
say outright and forth for it I mean
like in a biological sense more clear
you are about how things work the less
it's gonna be like oh I have to
experiment to figure out where things go
no you don't I mean here's a biology
type this little that my dad did I think
I was I think I was a little older than
usual I was probably 10 when my dad told
me it was a first child so it in a chat
with many families in a fitness re and a
family of many children depending on the
number of children the age of knowledge
about sex goes down with each preceding
child right so the first child it's like
he's 10 the next child's like 7 the next
child is 5 right because the kids tell
each other so is it so when I was 10 my
dad sat me down maybe 9 my dad sat me
down with a biology textbook and he said
this goes here ray said here's how this
goes this goes here you do this when
you're married right when you're married
this is one of the great things about
being married you got to do this and he
didn't put it in the context of when man
loves a woman when you love each other
because that's too vague it is too vague
and kids can't understand that and you
can't expect kids to understand that
because kids are not fully mature and
and it's not just when you love somebody
if you want to have a productive and
if you want to have a productive sex
life not just a pleasurable sex is
pleasurable essentially but if but if
you all consensual sex is pleasurable
but if you are if you want to have a
productive sex life like one that's
going to actually enrich your life in a
positive way
you need a commitment that goes along
with that and marriage is the is the
standard of commitment so the way I'm
gonna teach my kids about sex is I'm
gonna say when you get married here's
what you do not when you love somebody
because you can love lots of people not
when you and especially for girls that's
particularly damaging I don't think sex
is the same for girls as for guys
spiritually I think that's a lefty
feminist bull Puckey routine and just
look at the suicide rates among young
girls who have sex versus the suicide
rates among young boys who have sex not
the same at all not the same at all
promiscuous girls did their teenage
years significantly higher depression in
suicide rate then then teenage boys so
from sqs sex because for men sex is much
more of a biological function and for
girls it's much more connected to a deep
well of spirituality and feeling which
is why for ever I think every man on a
gut level understands that a one-night
stand is may just be some guy getting
his rocks off and every woman
understands that it's more than that
and and so you know I think well you
should teach your kids about all these
things more open you are the more
they're gonna come to you with questions
and not feel ashamed and for you not to
be ashamed about your sex life doesn't
mean like spill it out in front of the
kids but for you to say yeah of course
mom and I have sex of course of course
we do that and it's wonderful because
we're married we love each other right
that's that's a good thing it provides a
positive positive Roma otherwise they're
gonna get messages about sex from TV
where everything is taboo and what makes
things sexy is the violation of taboo
and the problem is in our society with
each progressive year the taboos get
knocked down so we're now reaching the
point where they're no more taboos and
so we have to create new taboos to knock
down and that's why we're now creating
the taboo was homosexuality now the
taboo is transgenderism soon there will
be another taboo that's designed to turn
people on and the reason that
transgender stories do well typically is
because people are fascinated by the
taboo okay so that is the the end of the
mailbag that is the end of the week
we'll be back here on Monday with more
insanity and I'll give you the update
I'm supposed to be a politican this
weekend I'm debating Sally cone which
should be entertaining at the very least
and maybe we'll have some video
sup dad if it's available but you have
yourself a wonderful weekend try to
survive and we'll be back here on Monday
if the world still exists I'm Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
