Democrats staged a sit-in in the House
of Representatives yesterday to demand
that House Republicans move to take away
your Second Amendment right to bear arms
1960s civil rights activist John Lewis
led the charge saying quote in the 60s
sit-ins helped to secure our civil
rights when I was for them I see no
reason why they shouldn't help destroy
our civil rights now that I'm against
them during the protests Democrat
lawmakers sat still doing absolutely
nothing in the hopes that the resulting
economic recovery and increasing human
freedom would cause people to break down
and give in to their demands Democrat
congressman never weaned googley told
reporters quote we know that the right
to bear arms is in the Constitution but
we don't like it we don't like it we
don't like it so we're going to sit here
and hold our breaths until our faces
turn blue and you give us your rights
because we want them and we want them
right now any other course of action
would be childish unquote Democrats have
increased their push to destroy the
Second Amendment since the latest mass
killing in Orlando Florida as Democrat
congressman narrative distraction put it
quote first we had Islamists commit mass
murder in Boston next we had Islamists
commit mass murder in San Bernardino
then we had in Islamists commit mass
murder in Orlando we have to ban guns
before one of these Islamists gets shot
that would be Islamophobia speaking on
CNN Democrat lawmaker Warner be tyrant
told Wolf Blitzer quote when the
founding fathers wrote the Second
Amendment people were using flintlocks
how could a man like Benjamin Franklin
ever have imagined that firearms would
become more efficient and complex what
was he some kind of visionary scientist
or something don't make me laugh unquote
mainstream media journalists joined the
fray as well one daily news column this
went so far as to fire an ar-15 and said
he found it quote very loud and
horrifying the columnist Gersh Huntsman
no that one wasn't a joke that was his
real name Gersh Huntsman I mean it I'm
being serious now that's his name I'm
not making this up it's Khan Smith stop
laughing
mr. Khan ceman said after firing the gun
and this is an actual quote the recoil
bruised my shoulder the brass shell
casings disoriented me as they flew past
my face the smell of sulfur and
destruction made me sick the explosions
me a temporary form of PTSD reportedly
mr. councilman's wife was also upset by
the incident and suggested that she and
Gersh should both start dating other men
and did I mentioned his name was gurcius
Democrat nominee for sinister president
Hillary Clinton said in a rousing speech
in swing state Ohio quote the founders
wanted people to own guns so that they
could defend themselves from an
oppressive and overreaching government
what were they trying to do get me
killed I am completely in favor of
strict gun control unless people are
against it then I'm against it but
secretly for it but against it but for
it Donald Trump also joined the
discussion about guns by shooting
himself in the foot
trigger warning you know I swear guy I
looked it up again and again because I
thought I'm being I'm being punked we're
just gonna wait the Clavin Falls for
this one but no that's who he was and he
was so upset by that gun just like skirt
on fire it's just terribly alright great
mailbag yesterday I love doing that
thing so please subscribe so you can
write in and send in stuff and ask your
questions it is free for a month and
then we start you know just
automatically taking stuff out of your
bank account until it's empty and then
we kick you to the curb
all right the clava last weekend is
about to begin and we can see the chaos
is already Gaffney Democrats last I look
the Democrats were still sitting in in
the house I don't suppose they'll be
there the Republicans have gone home but
they're demanding a vote on you know gun
rights let's look at some of this
because this is real it really what's
actually happening is actually kind of
important and in keeping with the theme
of these last two weeks John Lewis civil
rights leader back in the day also a guy
if you remember that Breitbart exposed
because he claimed that Tea Partiers had
called him the N word and Breitbart by
the enemy was finished was offering a
hundred thousand dollars for somebody to
produce the video and no one could do it
because of course I didn't ever happen
but he was he was a civil rights guy
back in the day so here he is talking
about why
you know what he's what he's doing on
the House floor today we've come a
distance we made some progress we cross
one bridge but we have other bridges to
cross we're not giving up to fight the
fight is the ongoing fight we will not
be happy we will not be satisfied we
will not be pleased until we do
something in a major way make a major
downpayment on in and gun violence in
America we lost too many of our children
our babies too many of our mothers and
fathers our brothers and sisters and we
will continue to fight so it's a bridge
it's a bridge it's a fight they're our
babies I'm not sure what's going on but
I love the way Democrats lie you know
it's all i per dramatic stuff going on
and of course Paul Ryan comes out in his
response is that Ryan is like the last
adult in Washington DC he's like the
only guy when he talks I think like I
understood what he just said and why he
was saying it now by the way just so you
remember the just who were fair here the
Republicans did have a kind of protest
like this back in 2008 when they were
trying to force the Democrats to vote on
an energy plan to bring down gas prices
they wanted more you know they wanted
more fracking and all this sort of thing
and the Democrats not only walked out
but they walked out and shut off the
lights the Republicans walked out of
this protest but they didn't turn off
the lights they turned off the
microphones but they left the lights
burning so these guys could bump into
each other so here's Ryan explaining
what how he sees it much more logis is
nothing more than a publicity stunt
that's point number one point number two
is this bill was already defeated in the
United States Senate number three we're
not going to take away a citizen's due
process rights we're not gonna take away
a citizens constitutional rights without
due process that was already defeated in
the Senate and this is not a way to try
and bring up legislation now let's focus
on the issue at hand here terrorism and
let's find out what we need to do to
prevent future terrorist attacks
and if a person is on a terror watchlist
and they go try to buy a gun we have
procedures in place to deal with that we
want to make sure that those procedures
are done correctly and that's something
we should be able to do in a calm and
cool manner without these sort of
dilatory publicity stunts tactics to try
and bring a bill that already died over
in the Senate to the House floor you
know when he's talking about due process
the reason he's talking about that is
because what they want to do is ban
people from getting guns if they're on a
watch list but any bureaucrat can slap
you on a watch list this was an
eight-year-old child on one of the watch
lists can't get off so you can't deprive
somebody of his rights without due
process right you have to have a trial
before you put somebody in jail you
can't just throw yeah exactly it has
Democrats Democrats cannot understand
why that should be so that's why he's
talking about but everything he said was
true but remember this is not about gun
control it is not about gun control a
lot of these Democrats no more want a
vote on gun control than the Republicans
do because they are from purple states
and if they're caught trying to take
people's Second Amendment rights away
the group kicked out you know so they
don't want that happening that's not
what this is about this is about
narrative you remember I think was
yesterday I was talking maybe the day
before is talking about that great bill
McGurn column in the Wall Street Journal
about how Ray Kelly the police chief and
Mayor Bloomberg had a thing in place to
take guns away from bad guys in New York
and the Liberals and the Democrats
destroyed it it was called stop and
frisk they don't want to take guns away
from bad guys that's not what this is
about they want to take guns away from
you that's the point but most
importantly most importantly they want
to shift the narrative we should be
talking about Islam in this country we
you know I don't mean that in a in a
nasty way against decent freedom-loving
American is you know is Muslim people we
should be talking about Islamism and
whether it comes out of Islam and how it
comes out of Islam and where it's coming
out of Islam and what the people in the
mosques are doing to help prevent it and
how they're standing up and how they're
afraid and whether women are being
mistreated in Islamic homes and whether
they where they're not being mistreated
and what what the guys who aren't
mistreating them want to say to the guys
who are mister why aren't we having
those discussions that's the discussion
we should be having this is about
shifting the
away from that that's all it is now
we're winning the gun fight because it's
in the Constitution they can't quite
change it if Hillary Clinton gets in and
appoints another judge they might get
away with it but so far the court has
ruled that the obvious the Constitution
means what the words on the page he'd
say they mean that it can't be infringed
but they're not trying to do that
they're they've already won the fight
that they're in okay they've already won
the fight that they're in which is to
shift the narrative to gun control and
how evil Republicans are and if you
don't think the press is on board let me
play this for you this is ABC News this
is that guy Chad goy box from but he's
like hi yeah what's his name David Muir
go about go a box by the way is an old
show business expression it's actually
from before my time a lot of Jewish
comedians and there would be these
gameshow hosts who just looked like the
wasps pious guys in America you know
they're just have these almost these
faces where you almost couldn't see
their face because their features were
so smooth and the Jew the Jews in show
business would call them koib ox as gay
as a Gentile as a Gentile so they were
called goy boxers because this guy David
Muir is a classic boy box now he was the
guy we played before all aflutter that
Hillary Clinton had been nominated right
he was showing taking her backstage
escorting her how much this means to you
okay
listen to this story I'm just gonna play
a minute of their story covering this I
mean it's insane
go ahead the dramatic sit-in on Capitol
Hill some members of Congress suddenly
staging a protest on the floor of the
house sitting down to Manning action on
gun control they are still sitting there
tonight the longtime Civil Rights icon
Congressman John Lewis saying this is
about the right to vote on this
President Obama thanking congressman
Lewis today but here's the question will
there be a vote what Republican House
Speaker Paul Ryan said just moments ago
ABC's Jonathan Karl on Capitol Hill
tonight it's something we've just never
seen before members of Congress staging
a sit-in like a bunch of protesters on a
college campus we are blind the crisis
mr. speaker where is the heart of this
body where is our soul it was
Congressman John Lewis famously led
sit-ins in the segregate
South who started today's sit-in on the
House floor dozens of Democrats vowing
to stay as long as it takes to get a
vote on guns and it goes on like that I
mean he's not a civil rights leader from
the sixties civil rights icon
he's an icon and we're the issue as the
Chad Boy box said the issue is the right
to vote who's against the right to vote
are you what's wrong with you gets the
right to vote I mean and then they go on
to Obama praising them for their action
but before they get to the opposition
they're so deep in the story that most
of us have already you know our eyes
have already glazed over when they do it
the other way the opposition you know
when they're Wow I'll show you I'll show
you because yesterday Trump made a
speech and went after Hillary Clinton
you know with everything he had I mean
and now to be fair Hillary Clinton went
after him the day before with her
economic speech she's already gone after
him on foreign policy and her base her
basic attack is this guy is going to
destroy everything and I'll just kind of
tinker with things and I won't you know
her her line was something like America
must go forward into the future I'm in
favor of that like I actually I think we
should go backward into the past yeah we
should stand still but you know how do
you not go forward into the future
that's a I mean she has absolutely
nothing to say that she's gonna do she
is admitting she is admitting that the
Obama economy sucks basically she is
saying that but okay let's say Trump
goes after her let's let's give us give
a real taste of this play that first
Trump gut on Hillary's lies Hillary
Clinton and as you know she most people
know she's a world-class liar just look
at her pathetic email server statements
or her phony landing in Bosnia where she
said she was under attack and the attack
turned out to be young girls handing her
flowers a total and search a look this
was this was one of the buttes a total
and self-serving lie Brian Williams
career was destroyed for saying less
just remember that Hillary Clinton has
perfected the politics of personal
profit
and even theft she ran the State
Department like our own personal hedge
fund doing favors for oppressive regimes
and many others and really many many
others in exchange for cash
pure and simple folks then when she left
she made twenty one point six million
dollars giving speeches to Wall Street
banks and other special interests and in
less than two years secret speeches that
she does not want to reveal under any
circumstances to the public
I wonder why together she and bill made
one hundred and fifty three million
dollars giving speeches to lobbyists
CEOs and foreign governments in the
years since 2001 they totally own her
and that will never ever change
including if she ever became president
god help us that's that's good Trump
stuff it was written he's reading off
the teleprompter he's trying to convince
everybody that he's not going to be a
loose cannon all the time is one of the
news people said well that was a good
speech let's wait a few minutes to see
if he says something stupid he's good
look he's always gonna be Donald Trump
but no that was good stuff
and this was the best part this the
second one was the best part where he
really hit her on her slogan which is
I'm with Hillary she believes she's
entitled to the office her campaign
slogan is I'm with her you know what my
response is to that I'm with you the
American she thinks just all about her I
know it's all about you I know it's all
about making America great again for all
Americans all Americans our country lost
its way when it stopped putting the
American people really first we have to
go back to putting our American people
first we got here because we switched
from a policy of Americanism focusing on
what's good for America's middle class
to a policy of globalism focusing on how
to make money for large
operations who can move their wealth and
workers to foreign countries all to the
detriment of the American worker and the
American economy itself okay so that's
you know it's it's a good speech because
not only does he hit Hillary but he
actually says what he is going to do and
what his you know he does not not a lot
of detail in there and all this but at
least we understand where he's coming
from
where with Hillary I really don't know
you know she keeps talking about
infrastructure that's what that's what
Obama's been talking about that for
eight years there's nothing being done
on infrastructure that the federal
government is gonna do that's not gonna
bring jobs back I mean it's it's it's
private industry that brings jobs back
he seems to understand that however his
trade stuff sounds crazy to me but okay
good speech
here's Hillary's response just to play a
fair before he talked about how it was
covered now look I know Donald hates it
when anyone points out how hollow his
sales pitch really is and I guess my
speech yesterday must have gotten under
his skin because right away he lashed
out on Twitter without landish lies and
conspiracy theories and he did the same
in his speech today now think about it
he's going after me personally because
he has no answers on the substance in
fact in fact he doubled down on being
the King of death so all he can do is
try to distract us that's even why he's
attacking my faith sigh and of course
attacking a philanthropic foundation
that saves and improves lives around the
world it's no surprise he doesn't
understand these things so you know just
just to reiterate you know I started
reading this yesterday and then ran out
of time this thing that was hacked by
gusoff err 2.0 that this the Clinton
Foundation stuff that she received this
is the stuff that the DNC is worried is
going to come up because it was all in
this book Clinton
kache the Clinton Foundation received
donations from individuals tied to Saudi
Arabia while Clinton served as Secretary
of State
soon after Secretary Clinton left the
State Department the Clinton Foundation
received a large donation from a
conglomerate run by a member of China's
National People's Congress a German
investor who has lobbied Chancellor
Merkel's administration gave between one
and five million dollars to the Clinton
Foundation event as well and media mogul
gay you know I mean a lot of this stuff
she was making speeches for instance
about natural foods when Monsanto was
lobbying for you know to get to bring
that kind of product in and to get ahead
in the in that part of the industry they
were giving her money while she was
Secretary of State and she was giving
speeches about it and everybody keeps
saying you know the press keeps saying
oh there's no smoking gun you know
there's a lot of smoke I mean smoke and
when they cover it fairly which CNN has
occasionally done you know they say it
really does look incredibly suspicious
and nobody how do you get the proof on
that it's very hard to prove now so so
let's go back I'm talking about the
narrative I'm talking about the way the
left wins the narrative because even
even when we're fighting about gun
control okay that's what we're fighting
about now that's you know go on Twitter
that's what the right that's what the
right is talking about we're talking
about her Second Amendment rights are
due process rights we are not talking
about the problem which is Islam and the
fact that or Islam it is Islamism and
the question is whether Islamism is part
of Islam or not that's the question and
we're not talking about that at all you
know we're not talking about that at all
we're talking about we're defending
ourselves because they're on the always
on the on the offensive and they always
have the press to back them up so here's
how the press covers Donald Trump right
they they fact-check him as the words
are coming out of his mouth sometimes
CNN does that with Hillary Clinton too
but here's the media our friends at the
media Research Center talking about NBC
NBC cover this Donald Trump delivered a
condemning speech against his opponent
Hillary Clinton Wednesday explaining why
he calls her crooked hey Hillary the big
three networks rushed to her defense
mostly picking on the easy targets among
his allegations but NBC's Hallie Jackson
went the farthest in bending the truth
to counter Trump and make Clinton look
good here's a quote Trump never one to
mince words though today not all of them
were true
Jackson reported during the night news
that was her lead first Jackson bent the
truth regarding Trump's claim that
Clinton's private email server was
hacked by foreign governments she said
but a State Department inspector
general's report said it found no such
evidence only routine phishing no
government official has said her emails
were hacked but that's not entirely
accurate according to a recent report by
the State Department's inspector general
there were two known attempts to hack
into the server that's a huge step up
from Jackson's claim of routine phishing
but then again this fact has been
omitted from NBC's reporting in the past
most notably by reporter Andrea Mitchell
when the report was first released and
so we know we know that we're trying to
hanker and it really does look like they
have you know they're saying they're
gonna release stuff all these hackers
are saying they're gonna release
material it looks like they've got the
goods so you know just saying that
that's not true is not true I mean that
this is the way they're reporting it and
as the words are coming out of trumps
mouth remember this is the first report
the people who think they're getting
news from NBC this is the first report
they're getting of this Jackson also
noted the source material for some of
trumps accusations Trump leaning heavily
on the book Clinton Clinton cash she
said but that book's author admits
there's no evidence to prove those
allegations
although author Peter Schweitzer did
admit that he didn't have the hard
evidence that he would like he has
stated that a goal of his book was to
get officials involved since they had
the legal authority to investigate
farther than he can the book just piles
on the stuff that is suspicious and he
does say at the end I haven't I haven't
got her you know in my sights I haven't
got a camera of her taking a bag full of
money and then going off and giving a
speech but you know when you look at it
when you look at the things she did the
favor she did for people while senator -
not just the Secretary of State while
the senator the things that she allowed
to happen it's a dirty business and
Trump you know instead of instead of
saying well there's no proof why aren't
these reporters not getting proof why
aren't they investigating these stories
they haven't investigated it any more
than they investigated the IRS scandal
and this kind of control of the
narrative right it happens on the social
level
you know there was a a study done in
England it says and I I attack feminism
all the time because it's a lie I hate I
hate feminism because it elevates male
values it elevates male values over
female values and I have a theory about
why that is happening and I'd like to
write an article about that but but
because I want to I want to get all the
facts in a row and then I'll come back
and bring that theory to you but in the
meantime what I think it does is it
tells women that they should be second
rate men it tells women that they should
be second rate men instead of being
first rate women and that there's
something less about being a woman and
all the things that men care about
because men were wake up every day
wondering how they can get more
successful more excellent more fit you
know more famous all the things that men
want the greed the ambition and all that
stuff that powers our lives a lot of
women aren't like that most women I
think aren't like that and when you
elevate only those women who are like
that you know it was like during the NBA
Finals we had to listen to all these
kind of sappy testimonials to the
women's basketball nobody wants to watch
this women's basketball nobody cares
about it nobody cares about it why would
you when you can watch these guys
playing basketball at this incredible
level the only woman's sport that people
care about really is tennis because they
play a different game and it really is
fun to watch women play tennis because
they play a different game than the men
play all right so here's a study that
was done by a British insurance company
it is confirmation of what many weary
commuters have secretly suspected
research has found that stay-at-home
mothers are happier than those who go
out to work the survey said that if
staying at home with the children were
counted as a job and who would count
just a job in st. Joe do anything you
know just eat bon bon but the survey
said that if staying home with the
children were counted as a job it would
rank as having happier workers than any
other trade or profession women who stay
home and take care of their children and
I know this for a fact because I've seen
a lot of it are the happiest people in
the world they have that they are
happier with their job than anybody else
and and by the way as somebody who has
lived a lot of my life in neighborhoods
where women do stay home they also have
tremendous power and respect one of the
things that people are all you know
marriage was formed to protect women
Western marriage was formed by the
church basically to
women and this idea that it wasn't you
know it may have become outmoded there
were times when you know women didn't
have any property rights and all this
stuff no question that advances have
been made and all that but when you see
women who take care of households and
you listen to the way their husbands
talk about them you were listening to
people talking about the people who
matter whose opinions matter in their
lives husbands who have wives like that
live in their wives good opinions their
wives matter to them their watch
opinions matter to them and they you
know they the old expression the hand
that rocks the cradle rules the world
there's a lot of truth to that you know
I mean it's a position raising new human
beings is a position of power being a
homemaker and I a wife is a position of
power and this idea that somehow you
have more power being a secretary to
some businessman who doesn't give a
rat's what happened to you is is utterly
ridiculous but listen to the way people
report this 2009 study by the National
Bureau of Economic Research found that
women since feminism have become less
happy in general okay it's called the
paradox of declining female happiness
okay by many objective standards the
lives of women in the United States have
improved over the past 35 years yet we
show that measures of subjective
well-being indicate that women's
happiness has declined both absolutely
and relative to men so men are actually
getting happier the paradox of women's
declining relative well-being is found
across various data sets measures of
subjective well-being and is pervasive
across demographic groups and
industrialized countries relative
declines and female happiness have
eroded a gender gap in happiness in
which women in the 1970s before feminism
really took off typically reported
higher subjective well-being than did
men these declines have continued and a
new gender gap is emerging one with
higher subjective well-being for men men
are now happier of course they are there
don't don't have to you know go to work
to get they don't have to get married to
get a girl into bed so they're happy
that's what men want
you know but listen to the it's the
paradox it's the paradox objectively
meaning feminists lee women have got
better lives but subjectively they're on
it this is called a Butterfield they
used to be a reporter
at the New York Times called Fox
Butterfield and he would report in his
he would report things like this he
would say despite the fact that more
people are being incarcerated crime is
going down and you go wait what oh so
that's what they're saying this so this
is what this is what is really going on
today you know don't look at what they
say they're talking about it's just
about the narrative and what we should
be working at if we weren't such a dopey
conservatives who think the facts matter
we should be working on taking the
narrative back I want to add a new
feature and I don't think this is the
day to do it but I'm gonna add it today
but I'm gonna find another day to do the
weird story of the week this is this is
my my favorite weird story this week a
65 year old man died during a screening
of the james wan horror movie conjuring
two at a theater in india the man and
his friend went to watch the horror
sequel however the movie outing of the
two went tragic when one of them
suffered from chest pains caused him to
pass out and died during the climax of
the movie the man was reportedly rushed
to a nearby hospital but and was later
declared dead according to The Times of
India when medics gave the green light
for the body to be taken to a nearby
government Medical College Hospital for
post mortem the corpse had disappeared
along with the man oh I guess I just
like that so you go to a horror movie
not only do you die but you vanish
alright stop I shouldn't be laughing
it's a trap maybe it's not a tragic
story maybe he's still walking around
somewhere I don't know anyway stop I
like the one of my favorite movies is
the man who shot Liberty valance and
it's so relative that's so relevant to
today because it is about guns and about
and about the press and it's about the
narrative from this is where the famous
line comes from print the legend in the
West what he says when the legend
becomes the truth you print the legend
and that which is what the press does
all the time alright let's look at one
quick scene from the movie Jimmy Stewart
plays a lawyer who has come out west to
establish law and he bumps into Liberty
valance the baddest bad man you've ever
met met by Lee Marvin and a local tough
guy played by John Wayne explains the
way things work
the Liberty valance comes in in bullies
Jimmy Stewart basically beats him up and
this is Stewart reacting what what what
do you say his name was the man with the
silver not whip I said Liberty valance
but if that's what you gotta do
you better start packing the handgun
gone I don't want a gun I don't want a
gun I don't want to kill him I want to
put him in jail
oh well I know those law books mean a
lot to you but not out here not here a
man settles these own problems nobody do
you know what you're saying to me you
know you're saying
just exactly what Liberty valance had
community have I come to it's a really
great Western a complex story with a
complex resolution and it features one
of the great movie songs of all time the
theme song to this was written by Burt
Bacharach and Hal David who are now
virtually forgotten but during the 70s
they were they wrote hit after hit after
hit the look of love the theme song -
Alfie I'll never fall in love again I
say a little prayer for you what the
world needs now is love sweet love they
let wrote all these you know classic 70s
hits but they wrote the theme song to
this the man who shot Liberty valance
you have to listen to the lyrics because
it tells the story here's my favorite
version of it's sung by James Taylor
I love it and when the final showdown
came at last a law book was no good
that's all right
the clave endless weekend begins hide
under your beds
lock the doors turn out the lights don't
tell anybody you're at home who knows
what damage these idiots will do between
now and when we see you again on Monday
but we will see you again on Monday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show have a great weekend if you can
