Barack Obama is a dramatic failure his
economy has been a slow-motion train
wreck his domestic policy has driven
racial antagonism to new heights and
divided Americans from each other along
lines of religion and sexual orientation
on foreign policy he set the world on
fire in the name of a pretty meaningless
verbiage and a less hegemonic America
was powerful America but there's good
news at least he controls the
information flow this week Attorney
General Loretta Lynch told Americans to
believe her rather than their own lying
stupid eyes first she openly admitted
the FBI would censor the 911 phone call
of the jihadi Omar Mateen who murdered
49 Americans at a gay nightclub in
Orlando the FBI she said would remove
explicit references to Isis Isis leader
Abu Bakr al Baghdadi and Islam the
resulting transcript is pretty hilarious
here is a taste quote in the name of God
the merciful the beneficial in Arabic
praise be to God in prayers as well as
peace be upon the prophet of in Arabic I
let you know I'm in Orlando and I did
the shootings my name is I pledge of
allegiance to omitted I pledge
allegiance to emitted may God protect
him in Arabic on behalf of omitted this
memory holy would make George Orwell
weep in this iteration Allah becomes God
see Islam is just like Judaism and
Christianity gang but we can't mention
terrorist groups and their leaders in
fact more than a week after the attack
Lynch is still telling the press she
doesn't know the jihadist motivation
even though it says what he was doing
right there in the transcript this is
called crazy towns but this is not
unusual for the Obama administration we
know that in the run-up to the Iran
ziyal
the Obama administration simply altered
a reality to fit its narrative it had
fiction writer and deputy national
security adviser Ben Rhodes cook up an
account where negotiations with the
terrorists they began only after the
accession of moderates
president Hassan rouhani never mind
Obama and company had been negotiating
with the mullahs behind the scenes for
years before that the narrative had to
be falsified and upheld when the State
Department was forced to admit about
those lies in a press conference the
White House chopped out that section of
the taped conference for public release
we also know the Obama administration
lied openly about Obama care if you knew
from the beginning that you couldn't
keep your plan or doctor you were right
but the Obama administration hid that we
know the Obama State Department sliced
out a section of transcript mentioned
radical Islam when french president
francois hollande visited the united
states the person who controls the
information flow controls reality and
the obama administration is already
rewriting reality for the historians
decades from now we won't find out where
they had most of the bodies until too
late
just as we won't find out what Hillary
Clinton hid in her private server until
it's way too late this is why a
government minutes to not be trusted
with massive power gang politicians have
every incentive not just to lie in the
president but to lie with an eye toward
the future the more power they have over
us the more power they have over the
reality we see and the more they think
they can get away with manipulating that
reality I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show tends to demonize people
don't care about your feelings
so okay for some reason I'm not hearing
things but well we'll see if that if
that holds true in a second okay so the
first of all you need to subscribe at
daily wire comm so you can see the look
of confusion on my face when I can't
actually hear what I'm supposed to be
hearing but you'll also be able to see
magical new tricks of the trade that
we'll be using in the midst of the show
you'll also be able to email us and let
us know what you want me to talk about
in the mailbag section so that's very
exciting as well go to daily wired.com
for all of that okay so the left is on
full-scale attack on gun control today
today the Democrats decided that they
were going they come up with a brilliant
new plan a brilliant new plan to fight
on behalf of gun control we talked about
how Senate Democrats yesterday rejected
their therefore different proposals
brought to the floor that Senate - were
terrible - weren't so terrible the
Senate Democrats rejected the two that
weren't so terrible the Republicans
rejected the two that were terrible all
four were rejected now today Democrats
in the house they're really super mad
they're so angry they're so angry that
they're doing this right there's 28
these Democrats acting like toddlers
they're here on the floor of the house
and what do you see a bunch of people
sitting on the floor of the house
sitting there this is their their sit-in
sponsored by preparation-h and they're
there sitting there all day apparently
they're going to sit until they get a
vote on the no-fly list they want the
no-fly list to become the no gun by list
what's hilarious is one of the leaders
on this thing was on the no-fly list so
apparently he thinks he shouldn't be
able to buy a gun cuz he was on the
no-fly list but they're sitting there
they've been sitting there all day they
hashtagging no more silence I do love
some of the things that they're tweeting
it's pretty it's pretty ridiculous tough
all let me just tell you Democrats this
is not a threat
okay you can't strike again something I
don't want you to be doing anyway this
is like you declaring that you want me
to do something so you're gonna strike
against kidnapping my child like I
didn't want you to kidnap my child so I
would hope that you continued to strike
against kidnapping my child please
continue to strike against voting in the
house and why are you voting in the
house you're terrible I hope that you
sit on that floor forever I hope that
you just sit there until you decay I
hope that you sit there until you until
you get bedsores and abscesses I hope
that you sit there for all eternity and
you never go anywhere and you never vote
on things and you just leave me alone
that's my great hope this is the
greatest sidon of all time I'm totally
for the sit-in if if you can do this
every day this would be great
representative John Lewis says we don't
have any intention of leaving anytime
soon which means is gonna get kind of
stinky in there pretty quickly I've
already suggested that Republicans
counter the sit-in with a solid Linsky
South fartin they go up to the house the
the balcony of the House chamber and
they just start ripping them start
letting them loose and let the Democrats
just stew in that for the next few hours
and that will basically be a great
summary of what Congress is anyway a
bunch of fat old people sitting around
farting on each other that'll be that'll
be basically what Congress does in any
case so that'll make me that'll make me
a happy camper that's very exciting my
favorite quote comes from Jerry now
Jerry Nadler who is legitimately one of
the more ridiculous figures in Congress
we don't have a picture of him
unfortunately because he looks like
George Lucas creation from Star Wars
Episode four but they not even like a
computer-generated George Lucas like one
of the actual animatronic ones and and
Jerry Nadler
he just said quote this house is
drenched in blood and we must cleanse it
it sounds like they're actually gonna do
like a human sacrifice on the floor of
the house which come to think of it I
mean I have a few people I could
volunteer for that if we're gonna do
that we may as well just really go for
it I mean that's assuming that some of
them are still alive like Nancy Pelosi
but it's that the whole thing is is just
hilarious
my favorite tweet thread here is the is
Charles cook from National Review
he's been tweeting out this this fake
conversation about about their threat
and basically the conversation goes like
this if you want
attack the fifth amendment will sit down
on the floor okay
so we're sitting on the floor okay I'm
not sure you understand this we will
actually sit on the floor we'll be
sitting it'll be on the floor okay in
other words you choose undermine the
fifth or we sit on the floor sit on the
floor then we'll do it
we'll sit down okay oh my god you're
right let's burn the Constitution or
you're gonna sit there oh no now again
let's let's reiterate what the Democrats
want from all of this is they want to be
able to revoke the due process rights in
the Fifth Amendment they want to make it
tonight
if the FBI puts you on a list you can't
buy a gun and you really have no way of
getting off the list don't even know
you're on the list until you go and try
and buy a gun or you try and fly in a
plane and then they say well maybe we'll
let you off if you show us that you're
innocent which is not exactly how
democratic countries work but it's it's
pretty it's pretty incredible I love it
a lot so I hope that they can seem you
say I hope that by this time tomorrow
they're still sitting there I hope that
they continue to sit there forever I'm
happy to ship in IVs I'm happy to ship
in candy my daughter has a small toilet
that we can ship in for them just a
little potty I'm really I'm excited I
could not be more excited about this
whole thing honestly I think that it's
just fantastic
okay so meanwhile that's all going on
well that's on going on the propaganda
mill continues to churn over at the
Obama administration Loretta Lynch who
as Andrew claiming calls her she's the
most sinister figure in the Obama
administration because she sits there
and talks of preternatural calm about
the stupidest most insane insipid crap
that you've ever heard in your life
so yesterday Loretta Lynch in a press
conference and she said many a stupid
thing many a stupid thing let's start
with stupid thing number one this is
where she says that the best that she
gives me the best response to Orlando
jihadists shooting up gay people at a
nightclub here's the best response she
says we stand with you to say that the
good in this world far outweighs the
evil that our common humanity transcends
our differences and that our most
effective response to terror and to
hatred is compassion
to unity and it's love we stand with you
today as we grieve together and long
after the cameras are gone we will
continue to stand with you as we grow
together in commitment and solidarity
and in equality passion unity and love
are the best response
I could make an obscene hand gesture
right now but I'm barred by my company
from doing so so passion unity in love
somewhere Isis is going yeah you know
what I'm gonna fund a community center
now I can't believe it she really
passion unity and love okay so that's
that's exciting meanwhile Loretta Lynch
continued by saying we we don't know
this guy's motives okay so we don't know
his motives she says except for when he
called mine 1-1 and spent three hours on
the phone telling them his motive except
for that it's like the OJ Simpson trial
what could OJ's motive have been I don't
know what was his money he probably
wants to know Jenna's probably mark
Fuhrman well you know why would he kill
his ex-wife he threatened to kill many
times before this is crazy
okay the guy came out and he said I'm
doing this for Isis but why would he do
this
mmm I don't know this is great okay so
here's Loretta Lynch sticking her head
like an ostrich into the sand and it's
actually coming out in Australia by now
so here is here is Loretta Lynch we may
never know the man's - all a mystery
wrapped in an enigma wrapped in another
mystery I don't it's a conundrum here we
go she said in particular they're
looking into why Mateen targeted this
place and this community they've
repeatedly said this is not only
terrorism it's also a hate crime but it
seems that she and the administration
are trying to shift the conversation
more to hate and not just terrorism and
is there a reason Paul as to why there's
such an emphasis more on the hate than
the terrorism it's interesting because
yesterday we saw with the redactions
there was such an outcry when they tried
to take out his name and the terrorist
organizations plural that inspired him
and there were such push back saying do
you not want to admit that this was a
terrorist act so it's interesting that
once again she's trying to make this
pivot I will say that in her career the
Attorney General has tried very hard
where the LGBT community to protect
their rights and the rights of other
minority groups here I think she wants
to make sure this is how the reporters
work right so she's really crappy
Attorney General
the most morally bankrupt
attorney-general since like Eric Holder
who was the last guy but she says I love
the reporter saying so she's really bad
at her job but she's super Pro gay
well that fixes everything my favorite
part of this is that Loretta Lynch
yesterday announced that the wife of
this jihadist was texting with him
during the attack and apparently helped
scout out be psyched here's Loretta
Lynch explaining what happened to his
wife and really for this to work you
have to be imagining the Benny Hill
music in the background no no no no I'm
gonna go to put the note the note you
have to sort of imagine that music
playing underneath Loretta Lynch here
right now I do not know exactly the
answer to that I believe she was going
to travel but I do not know exactly her
location now she's gone we don't know
where she could be
hmm yes she sort of has escaped to the
FBI all right she's a mastermind
criminal I don't know where she is she I
like I like how she says that she was
going traveling she was going traveling
she's vacationing and she's like she's
like Andrew Clavin and she summers in
New Hampshire like well what are we
talking about here so it this whole
thing just continues to be increasingly
ridiculous and the and the purposeful
blindness of all of it is truly amazing
John Kerry's the Secretary of State John
Kerry he comes out and right after this
happens right after this happens and
remember this guy's father the Orlando
shooters father was in Afghan refugee
right we've let him in and then he came
in and he brought up his crappy son we
now have a case in Idaho that's being
looked into where it appears that some
Muslim refugees may have raped a
five-year-old disabled mentally disabled
girl and John Kerry is telling us don't
worry about these these refugees they
don't pose any risk come on there is
absolutely no evidence my friends zero
evidence that refugees who make it
through this arduous process pros any
greater threat to our society than the
members of any other group and it is
important for people to know that
there's no evidence I can't
to evidence my face is in a full state
of structural collapse but there is no
and let me be very clear preventing any
group from entering the United States
solely because of their race or because
of their nationality or because of a
religious affiliation is directly
contrary to the very ideals on which our
country is based so John Kerry we need
to hear more of him his nose is the only
thing that seems consistent from his
face two years ago it's like they took
each part of his face and replaced it
with another face I don't know it was
sort of left here it looks like it looks
like silly putty and the silly putty was
left out in the in the rain or something
it's just it's it's it's bizarre world
but aside from making fun of John
Kerry's sagging facial structure which
looks like a mudslide in the San
Fernando Hills aside from that John
Kerry saying that refugees don't pose a
risk you ask France how that's going for
them ask ask the the Germans how that's
going for them and and it just continues
like this Josh earnest from the from the
White House he came out yesterday he
says radical Islamic extremism is just a
talking point well I don't know why
everybody's upset about this whole
radical Islamic extremist thing I mean
come on it's it's a talking point not
like when we say that gun control needs
to be pursued in the aftermath of a
jihadist killing a lot that's not a
talking point that's reality I'm like
when we have a bunch of people sitting
around on the floor of the house pooping
on themselves for no reason no this is a
real talking point when people say
radical Islamic extremism no Chris it's
outrageous actually the truth of the
matter is the individuals who spend most
of their time talking about radical
Islamic terrorism are individuals like
Republicans in the Senate who voted
against legislation that would prevent
those individuals from being able to buy
a gun and those are individuals who've
not actually put forward their own
strategy for keeping the country safe
using the term radical Islamic extremism
is not a counterterrorism strategy it is
a political talking point plain and
simple and what the president the United
States has done has put forward a
comprehensive strategy to squeeze
Islamic the Islamic state in Iraq and in
Syria to inhibit their ability to
recruit and radicalize people around the
globe
he has aggressively supported proposals
that would make it harder for
individuals who are suspected of having
ties to that extremist organization from
being able to walk into a gun store and
buy a gun
so the president
once the Obama has aggressively pursued
people who have ties to terrorist
organizations from getting guns why
isn't his FBI aggressively pursuing
deporting those people hmm because
they're not because here is the
Inconvenient problem here is a friend of
the Orlando terrorists from many years
ago saying I told the FBI this guy was a
creeper I told him shortly after that
malik says he heard Mateen talking about
al-awlaki's videos it concerned him so
much he called the FBI he told me they
were very powerful and that for you was
troubling that raises the rip flag even
even higher for me the FBI did
investigate my team for the second time
in two years and cleared him of any
suspicion malik says the FBI never asked
good job and again but i did contact him
slow clap for the FBI yeah so this so
then so their new narrative is that we
have to take away my guns take away your
guns take away everybody's guns because
let's be real about this as soon as the
federal government has the power to ban
you from buying guns based on your
presence on a terror watchlist
they're just going to put you on a
terror watchlist and then as soon as
Democrats are empowered they're just
gonna say anybody who opposes the
administration anybody who opposes
certain policies anybody who has ties to
any organization they don't like up to
and including just normal political
organizations they're just gonna ban you
from buying guns that's that's where
this is going okay so meanwhile as the
Democrats continue to implode over gun
control in Orlando Hillary Clinton is
going on attack against Brahe against
Donald Trump so Hillary and Trump are
now going at each other directly and and
this is what's what's kind of fun about
this is that they're legitimately two of
the worst people in America and when
they attack each other they only say
true things about each other they only
say false things about themselves but
they only say true things about each
other and so watching them attack each
other is kind of amusing yeah I think
that Hillary is would make a worse
president than Trump as I've articulated
before because I think all of her
principles are wrong I think two-thirds
of Trump's principles are wrong the
proud the reason I'm not voting for
Trump is because I think that there are
a lot of people as we'll get to in just
a little while here who are willing to
sell out principle and not just sell out
principle undermine principle in order
to back Trump who's gonna get show act
anyway but here is Hillary Clinton
attacking Trump over the economy
yesterday just look at what
did in Atlantic City he put his name on
buildings his favorite thing to do he
convinced other people that his
properties were a great investment so
they would go in with him but he
arranged it so he got paid no matter how
his company's performed so when his
casino and hotel went bankrupt because
of how badly he mismanaged them he still
walked away with millions while
everybody else paid the price well today
his properties are sold shuttered or
falling apart and so are a lot of
people's lives we cannot put a person
like this with all his empty promises in
a position of power over our lives we
can't let him bankrupt America like we
are one of his failed casinos okay so he
can stop it right there
yes that's true his he has gone bankrupt
he has companies have gone bankrupt many
times he says he likes to play off of
debt he clearly does like to play off of
debt Hillary goes after Trump she says
he didn't even pay his own employees
properly and small businesses that did
work for Trump and never got paid
painters waiters plumbers people who
needed the money and didn't get it not
because he couldn't pay them but because
he could stiffed them sometimes he
offered them 30 cents on the dollar for
projects they had already completed
hundreds of liens have been filed
against him by contractors going back
decades and they all tell through all of
this is true Donald Trump is a sleaze
okay that all of this is true and then
Hillary says the tunnel Trump's policies
would lead to an economic recession
again kind of through one of John
McCain's
former economic advisors actually
calculated what would happen to our
country if Trump gets his way he
described the results of a Trump
recession
we would lose three and a half million
jobs incomes would stagnate debt would
explode and stock prices would plummet
if she's talking specifically about his
trade policy and his trade policy is in
fact disastrous it's very stupid as I've
talked about before you don't make an
economy richer by shutting it off to all
the other economies then we can't trade
with them they won't buy our products we
can't buy cheaper products from them we
don't get cool stuff we just generate
whatever think of it this way if you
could only trade with the people inside
your own house and Emily like you and
your immediate family would you be
poorer or richer than if you can trade
with everybody around you you can go to
the grocery store in the gas station the
answer is you'd be a lot poorer okay the
same thing holds true for the American
economy as a whole now here's the
problem here's the problem Hillary
Clinton can make a fine anti Trump case
she can't make a pro Hillary case
because there is no Pro Hillary case so
here is Hillary Clinton's economic
adviser being asked again this is like
the fourth time this has happened where
somebody's asked Hillary's people what's
the difference between a socialist and a
Democrat and they have no idea how to
answer the question what's the
difference between a Democrat a
socialist
look I'm not here to do general
definitions but I believe that the kind
of progressive Democrat that she is is
one that understands that we are of
course a market economy that we of
course rely on on job creation small
business entrepreneurship here but
believes that we as a country have a
responsibility in the face of strong
economic change to make sure that we are
shaping that change so that it is not
howling out the middle class or being
indifferent to the middle classes I
think we've seen from too many
Republican administrations in the
Republican leadership and one that is
actively seeking to shape economic
change so that it strengthens the middle
class that the focus is on our middle
class families seeing their wages their
hopes their aspirations it's Babli
dabble mcdabble phase because there's no
good answer here okay so Hillary is
perhaps so now we turn to trump and
Trump has his opportunity the Democrats
are doing sit-ins on the House floor the
Democrats are proclaiming that Islam has
nothing to do with the radical jihadist
murdering 49 people in Orlando Florida
Hillary Clinton has no capacity to
defend herself so as always now it's
time for some good Trump bad Trump yeah
a good Trump bad room so should we start
with bad Trump or should we start with
good we'll start with good Trump today
so there's an awful lot of good Trump
today aren't you excited about it and in
in and and just out of the significance
of this moment it's time for some good
Trump oh yes it's time for some good
Trump so okay Donald Trump made a speech
today
I don't Trump made a speech today from a
teleprompter so normally this is sort of
how this works right Donald Trump speaks
from the teleprompter and it's good yay
good Trump he's speaking from the
teleprompter America is a wonderful
place then the teleprompter shuts off or
he turns his face away from the
teleprompter and we get bad Trump right
and then we get oh well that's when the
Mexican judge came after me so Donald
Trump was actually more on teleprompter
today he was in and this is the thing
teleprompter Trump is much better than
unscripted Donald much better than
unscripted Donald so he gave a speech
today in which he went after Hillary
Clinton it wasn't a perfect speech he
still had moments that were stupid he
still made his inane points about trade
which are just again economically
illiterate he still said his silly
things about how he's the only one who
can save America but he got in some
pretty good jabs at Hillary Clinton and
this does a couple of things for him it
says a couple of things for him one it
justifies the the argument that a lot of
folks were making about Trump in the
primaries that he was the only one
capable of really hitting Hillary
cleanly that he was the only one capable
of really punching Hillary hard this
speech punched Hillary hard there's no
question it really had Hillary heart it
didn't hit her cleanly because Trump is
dirty so because he's dirty he's opened
up himself so Hillary's hitting him
they're hitting each other
remember in I'm trying it's in in Rocky
two in Rocky two at the very end they
have the fight and and at the very end
of the fight rocky and Apollo both hit
each other at the same time and they
both go down and then rocky gets up
right because he Rocky
by the way those movies the idea that
Sylvester Stallone would ever be Carl
Weathers in a fight is a joke Carl
Weathers would destroy so Wester
Stallone in a fight but aside from that
they hit each other and they both go
down and Sylvester Stallone gets up
Trump and Hillary are like that he's
giving he's getting a lot of good shots
in at Hillary but he's not really clean
on any of these shots and I'll explain
why but he is justifying the the
contention made by Trump people that
Trump was capable may be the only one in
the field capable of really hitting
Hillary hard if Trump
starts to be effective at this if he
stays on message if let's say he spends
the next six months you just hitting
Hillary the next five months just
hitting Hillary it's gonna put a lot of
pressure on people like me to support
Trump the reason for that is because
there will be less for me to point to
and say well that's why your guy is
right that's why I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna support him we'll get to bad Trump
in a minute and you'll see why okay so
here is Donald Trump being good Trump
it's time for some good Donald and here
he begins by calling Hillary a
world-class liars to clip 14 Hillary
Clinton and as you know she most people
know she's a world-class liar just look
at her pathetic email server statements
or her phony landing in Bosnia where she
said she was under attack and the attack
turned out to be young girls handing her
flowers a total and search look this was
this was one of the buttes a total and
self-serving lie Brian Williams career
was destroyed for saying less just
remember that okay yes he continues
along those lines he calls her a liar
and and that's all right that's all good
it doesn't have I think the kind of this
particular section didn't have the
resonance that you would hope that it
had because if the best you can come up
with is her lying about the tarmac in
Bosnia in 1999 that's a little bit of
weak tea I mean she lies much worse and
that's when he gets to that stuff then
this speech gets good then suddenly you
start to see good Trump right you start
to see the Trump who wails against
people you do have to ask again the
reason this doesn't totally work is
because Trump lies all the time
so when he could accuses Hillary of
lying all the time it doesn't have the
same impact as it would from somebody
who tells the truth more often and when
he says that Hillary Clinton falsifies
things in the past it doesn't have quite
the same way as it would from somebody
who didn't masquerade as his own
publicity guide to talk about which
women new topic so it's it makes it very
awkward but what Trump is saying about
her is right and this is the good Trump
section out the bad form section so more
good Trump Trump says that Hillary's
building the special interest groups the
other candidate in this race has spent
her entire life making money for special
interests and I will tell you she's made
plenty of money for them and she's been
taking plenty of money out for herself
Hillary Clinton has perfected the
politics of
profit and even theft she ran the State
Department like our own personal hedge
fund doing favors for oppressive regimes
and many others and really many many
others in exchange for cash pure and
simple folks then when she left she made
twenty one point six million dollars
giving speeches to Wall Street banks and
other special interests and in less than
two years secret speeches that she does
not want to reveal under any
circumstances to the public I wonder why
together she and bill made one hundred
and fifty three million dollars giving
speeches to lobbyists CEOs and foreign
governments in the years since 2001
totally owner okay and that will never
ever change up including if she ever
became president they totally owned a
god yes
totally true totally true so quick
sidenote it's weird when Donald Trump
inhales like he's doing the line of
cocaine between phrases but but whoa but
what he's saying there is of course true
when he when he said when he says
Hillary Clinton is totally owned in a
way that no one else has ever been
totally owned this is true she is owned
the problem of course is that Donald
Trump has also bragged about owning
politicians and engaging in the buying
and selling of politicians but he's not
wrong here he's not wrong here these are
all solid jabs at Hillary Clinton and
this is this was the best moment for
Trump this I thought was the best moment
for Trump this clip sixteen Donald Trump
goes after Hillary Clinton slogan he's
going precisely after Hillary's biggest
weakness which is people think Hillary
is a narcissist who is self-serving and
the only reason she's running is for her
personal self aggrandizement right and
Trump hits her on that and he hits her
solid she believes she's entitled to the
office her campaign slogan is I'm with
her you know what my response is to that
I'm with you the American people
and folks the reason I'm laughing is
because you can't see it but Trump is
sitting there doing his smug
self-satisfied grin right he's doing the
the it's exactly this great actually and
and and from his sitting there doing
that and he's suddenly just mouthed to
people but he I don't know
he can't his mouth must expand beyond
like this radius of his face so it's
like just below his noses says in any
case the Trump says but but he's right
that's the best line of his speech right
where he says that where he says that
Hillary Clinton her slogan is I'm with
her I'm with you right I'm with you this
would resonate better if you were
actually with us but or I mean this is
this this is actually a great line to
take you to legit grade-a political line
it's a great line the title Trump just
dropped on her and he ought to keep
repeating it as often and as loudly as
he possibly can
he continues along these lines he says
that Hillary is getting rich off your
back again good stuff
Hillary Clinton gave China millions of
jobs our best jobs and effectively let
China completely rebuild itself in
return Hillary Clinton got rich the book
Clinton cash by Peter Schweitzer
documents how Bill and Hillary used the
State Department to orig their family
and America's and at America's expense
she gets rich making you poor she gets
rich making you poor is a great line
okay then he's wrong about Chinese
policy cuz again he doesn't understand
trade but he does understand but he does
hit it right on the head
he's a hammer in search of a now I said
he's a hammer in search of a nail
Hillary is a nail and so he just keeps
hammering her and if he keeps hammering
her it's gonna put a lot of pressure on
people to support him even though he's
not a very good guy and he's not a good
candidate and he doesn't believe any of
the right things people are gonna say
yeah but he's a hammer and he's hitting
the nail so how can you oppose the
hammer for hitting the nail
I don't oppose the hammer for hitting
the nail I hose I oppose the hammer
because he sometimes hits mexican judges
and sometimes he hits disabled people
and sometimes he hit puppies but when
he's hitting a nail you have to
celebrate the hitting of the nail
because it is very satisfying he's
hitting the nail
flush right here most of the time his
attack on Hillary Clinton's foreign
policy is is similarly good here's Trump
going after Hillary Clinton's foreign
policy perhaps the most terrifying thing
about Hillary Clinton's foreign policy
is that she refuses to acknowledge the
threat posed by radical Islam in fact
Hillary Clinton supports a radical 550
percent increase in Syrian refugees
coming into the United States and that's
an increase over President Obama's
already high number under her plan we
would admit hundreds of thousands of
refugees from the most dangerous
countries on earth with no way to screen
who they are what they are what they
believe where they come from already
hundreds of recent immigrants and their
children have been convicted of
terrorist activity inside the United
States the father of the Orlando shooter
was a Taliban supporter from Afghanistan
one of the most repressive anti-gay and
anti-woman regimes on earth I only want
to admit people who share our values and
love our people right exactly
correct correct and we went and he goes
after Hillary on ambassador Stevens too
which is great in the middle of the
speech she talked about ambassador
Stevens and he said Hillary slept right
through it
and he hit her with the kitchen sink hit
her at the kitchen sink this is good
Trump good Trump hits Hillary Clinton
with the kitchen sink and that's great
that's great okay now it's time that's
been a lot of good Trump and then that's
the new cycle today because the bad
Trump actually took place before the
good Trump because the way that this
works is if you say something stupid but
and you say something smart afterward we
pay attention the latest thing that you
said this was good Trump this is Trump
at his best it was his second best
speech for the campaign his best feature
the campaign was about radical Islam
last week if all Trump were or just a
guy who said things on teleprompter he
would actually be a lot more palatable
to candidate he's not so here is so now
we've done good Trump now the time has
come the time has come for bad Trump so
bad Trump has arrived he kind of creeps
in on you so bad Trump arrived
and and bad Trump is a guy who doesn't
really understand much about policy but
says he does he says suddenly things
about the economy here is bad from
talking about how he's going to beat
Hillary Clinton the off limits for you
in going after well I know why she says
that and I think that's fine I think
that's smart for her to say that I hit
bill a couple of times because once he's
in the campaign you know if he's in the
campaign I guess he deserves to be hit
but I would much rather have it based on
issues and policy I think we win on
issues and policy you drug much rather
have it based on issues in policy see
this is kind of not good from this is
this is kind of silly Trump but even
this is kind of mediocre Trump right
this is somewhere between good Trump and
bad from this is like resting resting
angry face Trump actual bad Trump is
here so did so he's on CBS with Norah
O'Donnell and he's asked about his
economic policy and he's asked
specifically about what he would do
about America's national debt and what
he says here is just utterly asinine
because again when he's on attack
against Hillary he doesn't have to talk
about himself he doesn't have to talk
about himself you know he can he can
attack Hillary as much as he wants and
he's on safe ground the minute he starts
talking policy the man is like a
drowning sailor here we go that I'm the
king of debt I'm great with that nobody
knows that better than me I've made a
fortune by using debt and if things
don't work out i renegotiate the debt I
mean that's a smart thing not a stupid
thing and I made a fruity renegotiate
the debt cuz you go back and you say hey
guess what the economy just crashed I'm
gonna give you back half
I like that for me I don't like debt for
the country I liked it for my company
but I don't like debt for the country I
wouldn't renegotiate today negotiate if
I do a deal in a corporation as an
example and if the economy goes bit I'll
oftentimes renegotiate that debt but
that's a different thing that's just a
corporate thing and other people like me
very big people in the world of business
they do that no I wouldn't do that but I
think it could be a good time to borrow
and pay off debt borrow debt make
longer-term debt okay so so he says he
says a few things here that are that are
ridiculous so first of all he says that
he would read mean renegotiate the debt
I mean that's what he says at the top he
says we'd go to people and say our
economy's bad we're gonna pay back half
of what we owe this is called defaulting
on your debt
and when the US economy defaults on its
debt the problem is we can no longer
borrow if we can no longer borrow we
can't pay off any of the debt that we
have to for example the people on Social
Security or the people on Medicare
we can't pay back any of the people
we've previously borrowed from 6% of our
national budget 6% of it is just debt
service it's just the amount that we owe
to people the interest on the debt
that's not even the data itself is just
the interest on the debt we do that the
value of the dollar ends up dropping
because we're gonna have to print
dollars to pay this off it's just it's
bad news all the way around everybody
knows that except for Trump so Trump
backtracks it then he said I wouldn't
renegotiate the debt but I would kind of
renegotiate the debt right like I
wouldn't renegotiate that but when I was
in business I renegotiated debts and it
worked out great for me and but I
wouldn't do it for the country but I
kind of would but not so much because
it's just because I don't really know
but I'm just telling you I don't know
what right bad Trump okay so having too
much fun with the good Trump bad Trump
thank you to Lindsey for the production
of this new this new very sophisticated
production element that we have added to
the ben shapiro show okay so all of that
being said more more bad Trump here is
the the spokeswoman for Donald horse he
talked about the Donald Trump campaign
Donald Trump spokeswoman Katrina Pierson
who's just amazing amazing Katrina
Pierson who has what would be for an
honest person one of the hardest jobs in
in life I could frita Pearson is on CNN
and she's asked about the fact that the
Trump campaign which only has 1.3
million dollars cash on hand spent
$200,000 in the month of May on hats
unhatched like to cover that crazy hair
so here's Katrina Pierson explaining
herself well I think moving forward
you're gonna see some of those numbers
shift again we're just now transitioning
into more of a fundraising mechanism
simply because Donald Trump does want to
help the RNC in a joint effort and and
absolutely you know everyone loves the
hats I mean everyone has their make
America great again hat and those are
big commodities for the campaign and
it's a way people for them to show their
support people love hats people love
hats okay great so we have no campaign
employees and no infrastructure we raise
no money but people love their hats they
love the hats by the way I don't
understand why I mean there's there's
something about that the entire Trump
brand
it's just 1992 style mice it's like word
perfect style mice like when you used to
take clipart and make a card for your
mom
right it's like that so it's it's but in
any case that's not even really bad
Trump so here's here's the reason why
again and I keep having to reiterate
this because I feel like people need the
explanation the reason I'm not
supporting Trump even though Trump when
he hits Hillary's right on the money is
because I'm seeing so many people so
many people pervert the values of
conservatism and decency to fit Donald
Trump you don't have to do that you can
say I support Trump but he's absolute
garbage he's only better than Hillary
right you could do that that's not what
people are doing that's not what people
are doing
here's ben Carson so yesterday Donald
Trump met with hundreds of evangelicals
hundreds evangelicals right in an
attempt to woo them and I don't know
what's going on with joe scarborough's
hair in this particular clip it looks
like he was caught in a windstorm or he
was or he was in a scene in an outtake
from there Something About Mary but in
any case but Ben Carson was on with Joe
Scarborough and he was asked about
evangelicals backing Donald Trump cuz
they're a bunch of came out and said
they would back Trump
yeah I think the evangelical community
realizes that we're not choosing the
preacher and chief we're looking for the
commander in chief but we want a
commander in chief who understands the
importance for instance of the First
Amendment and and not penalizing people
for living according to their faith they
want a commander-in-chief who
understands the sanctity of life who
understands the importance of the family
and how the family is the basic unit for
a strong Society so those are the kinds
of things that they're really looking
for not necessarily somebody who can
quote verse in chapter of the Bible okay
so that's actually not a terrible
argument that's actually not Ben
Carson's worst argument he's made many
worse arguments than that that's that's
not Ben Carson's worst argument right
there's only one problem that is that
Ben Carson's statements here are not
reflective of what other people are
saying so one of the most ironic photos
ever is Jerry Falwell Jr took a photo
with Trump endorsing Trump and we should
have pulled the photo it's my fault I
didn't send
to Malthus but the but the photo is a
photo of Trump standing next to Falwell
behind them behind them is a picture of
Donald Trump on the cover of Playboy
magazine with a with a porn star
legitimately right like right behind his
left shoulder and it's it's like okay
well you know yeah you you can endorse
Trump without endorsing Trump right you
can say well back him to stop Hillary
without going all-in but instead you
have a bunch of people going all-in so
Jerry Falwell and Ralph Reed and
Franklin Graham they're all in on Trump
now they said they've been convinced and
they've seen the white they've been
there on the road to Damascus and and
and this guy appeared in the sky two of
them and that face just graced across
the sky like the Sun and then they and
then they realized that they had to
support Donald Trump because he was just
such a wonderful fellow here's Greta Van
Susteren and the parts of her face that
move talking to the other three Reverend
Franklin Graham Ralph Reed and Jerry
Falwell Jr all go on the record I should
note as of today Ralph and Jerry are
both on Trump's advisory boards so
welcome gentlemen welcome to all of you
Reverend first to you what happened
today well we were asked I was asked to
come to a meeting and hear of Donald
Trump and I'm glad I did as you know I'm
not supporting or endorsing anyone this
year when all 50 state capitals the
whole prayer rallies on Capitol Steps
and that's what I'm doing and I've
promised people that I won't get
involved in endorse anyone but I was
invited to hear him and I'm glad I did
because he I think he answered
everyone's questions or people that had
I think good concerns once a good
concerns and they were honest concerns I
think Donald Trump addressed most of
those today Gary you were there as well
you in fact I think you're an early
endorser of Donald Trump if I'm correct
what did you think today I was very
impressed he was very presidential and
he's really showing a deeper
understanding that I've ever seen before
of issues that are important to
conservatives and to Christians
he talked a lot about his Supreme Court
nominees he talked about how they're all
going to be pro-life he talked about
support for the nation of Israel and he
was strong on that issue that something
was very important to the group in that
room
he also talked about so many other
issues that are so important to he
talked about a religious freedom that
was the number one concern religious
liberty because the government now is
impinging on the religious freedoms of
people of faith and those were the those
were the key issues he was he went a lot
longer than he promised the group he
would go I was very impressed and I you
know I was honored to introduce him and
I I tried to point out to the crowd it
we have such a simple choice this
election we have we can vote for
somebody who's promised to support and
defend the values that are important to
conservatives and Christians and to
appoint the right nominees to the
Supreme Court or we convened this this
wildly enthusiastic Bunch
they've decided to back Donald Trump but
they're not just backing him they're
talking up his character they're talking
up his character which is utterly
unnecessary look this is a sales pitch
he brought a bunch of evangelicals into
a room he told him what they wanted to
hear if you put him in a room with a
bunch of anti evangelicals he would tell
them what they want to hear this is what
Donald Trump does he sold the people and
some of the people had already been sold
Tim Alberto from National Review he he
wrote about this he said after all the
hype nothing was said or done to
fundamentally altered the uneasy
relationship between Trump and the
Christian Right in interviews with the
dozen attendees the most common
assessment of Trump's performance was a
shrug he checked boxes on policy issues
they said and played to the crowds
greatest insecurity by repeatedly
referencing the Supreme Court some
activists reluctantly acknowledged they
plan to personally vote for him but many
were present due to their leadership
roles and none of them are yet willing
to extend Trump an endorsement right
Tony Perkins on the Family Research
Council they say a lot of social
conservatives want to be with Trump
because they see the alternative but he
said that he hasn't taken the leap of
endorsing Trump yet and this is true for
a lot of these people but some people
have some people have and this is the
court I want to focus in on because it's
pretty amazing Franklin Graham and I
like a lot of what Franklin Graham has
to say and I respect him as a religious
leader Franklin Graham said about Donald
Trump he say he gave a speech for Donald
Trump in which he said that Donald Trump
was like Moses because Moses disobeyed
God and was punished David because David
committed adultery and killed a man okay
Frank Reverend Graham okay a couple
couple of quick biblical notes on this
particular exegesis okay a couple of
quick things one Moses repented also
David repented
as you recall David had sex with
Bathsheba and then since her husband
Uriah out to get killed after he got her
pregnant remember this and then what
happened the Prophet Nathan came and
yelled at him and told him that his
kingship was basically over because of
all of this and David then repented
Moses hit the rock and then he repented
before God but God wasn't willing to
forgive him because God didn't want him
to lead in lead the nation into Israel
neither of them said oh well you know I
did the right thing
I did the right thing I was I was
sarcastically tweeting out Moses Trump
and David Trump how they would have had
they would have played these situations
and David Trump was like yeah I had sex
with a married woman of course I had sex
with a married woman my sword is long
and beautiful and and Moses Trump was
like of course I hit the rock in the
olden days they were taking that rock
out on a stretcher and so they'd say
this kind of stuff is is just it's just
silly it's just silly the the idea that
that Donald Trump is reflective of any
sort of real Christian thought I thought
the best quote was from one of the
evangelical leaders who said something
to the effect of Donald Trump speaks
Christian like somebody who just got the
rosetta stone version and is learning I
think that's probably right and this is
what pervert this is what I don't like
about any of this is the perversion of
conservative principle in order to make
room for Donald Trump you don't have to
prefer conservative principle just say
you Trump isn't particularly Christian
he doesn't believe in a lot of these
things but he's better than Hillary you
trust him to defend your values a little
bit more don't pervert the standard
don't pervert the principle if you
change the principle to fit the man the
principle no longer means anything okay
time for some things that I like and
then some things that I hate okay things
that I like I'm mentioning here Game of
Thrones
I'm not talking about Game of Thrones
the TV series I don't watch Game of
Thrones the TV series I watched the
first three episodes and there was too
much gratuitous nudity for me I just was
not into that or rather I was into it
but it's not a good thing for your soul
so in any case gratuitous nudity is not
something that I'm that I'm in favor of
the first books the first book is great
the first book the first game of Thrones
book is legitimately a great book book
two is weaker book three is
very good the rest of them suck so if
you're gonna read the Game of Thrones
series one and three are the good ones
you sorta have to read two cuz they're
in between after the red wedding which
everyone knows what that is now after
the red wedding the series basically
died for me it's been meandering around
nonsensically for awhile I think the
same is true I still read the summaries
online because george RR martin is never
gonna finish this series he's gonna die
before finishing it so the TV series is
now ahead of the book series how many
seasons are they in for I think they're
in the fourth season fi there's six
seasons in right they started six years
ago there's six seasons in on Game of
Thrones and george RR martin has
released one extra book right and so
they're now ahead of him they started
off with book 1 he'd already completed I
think book 7 book 6 or 7 and there's
they're now ahead of him which just
shows how slow he is but I read the
summary still and it's not going
anywhere
ok we all know what's gonna happen right
Jon Snow has survived and Daenerys is
gonna come back and maybe they got
together and what do you do but the
first but the first book is really a
shocking book it's really a change in
the nature of fantasy fiction because as
everyone knows by now the main character
ends up dying at the end of the first
book which is a shocker right so okay so
the first book is good okay things that
I hate besides math is his new haircut
so sorry Malthus it had to be said yeah
Lindsay loves his haircut but Lindsay
also has a tattoo that says brave and as
we all know people with tattoos that say
brave particularly women are not allowed
to or not well actually men too unless
unless it's my rule about men who have
tattoos that say brave is if you're gay
or if you fought in Afghanistan those
were basically not even Iraq Afghanistan
if you have one of those two your man
who can have a tattoo have brave if your
woman you just put a tattoo a brave on
because that's true Lindsey is in charge
of my look but Lindsey you didn't cut me
off this is hair so you're not
responsible for that so in any case in
any case Mathis Mathis um had really
good look and James Dean hair he's
basically now shaved it all the way
around the sides so he looks like a half
biker
half James Dean mash-up looks like a
match that's on fire
and and so yeah sorry Mathis but um you
know I miss the old hair I missed the
old I miss the old hair it's it's sad
it's a little sad so okay other things
that I hate so Broadway stars decided to
react to the Orlando shooting with their
typical savoir
fair and and genius they decided that
what they needed to do was sing a song
sing a song what song was it that they
decided to sing on NBC what the world
needs now is love sweet love
hosted by Martin Short and that woman
who's supposed to be funny but I don't
remember her name
Thank You Maya Rudolph okay so we can
play it following the tragedy in Orlando
Broadway performers came together to
record a song in support of the victims
and their families what the world needs
now is love was released yesterday on
iTunes to benefit the GLBT community
center of Central Florida
so performing that song here tonight
please welcome Broadway for Orlando
nobody knows how many of these people
are there on Broadway so nobody knows
factually untrue more dead Isis
terrorists we need more of those
not just for some but for every
okay we don't have to listen to this
whole thing is just a montage of
Broadway people singing over and there's
the guy from Will & Grace yeah and
there's a guy whose face I recognize me
okay okay so somewhere Isis has gone
like this they got a lighter and they're
really enjoying themselves and then they
just go castrating a person thrown off
the building so that's it so it gets it
gets awkward when if Broadway were in
charge of America America would last
precisely negative three seconds and
they knew the ISIS terrorists would find
a way to go back in time and destroy
America that's that's how what at
absolute utter inanity you get from the
left it's truly amazing so we've got
sit-down strikes in Congress we've got
the Broadway star singing their song
amazing okay final thing that we'll talk
about here so Michelle fields had her
book coming out yesterday and Steve
malls Burcu I'm friendly with him I've
been on Steve's Show the only reason I'm
playing this clip is not because I want
to relitigate the Michelle fields
incident God knows we've done this
enough I want to point out the
unfairness of something that Steve molls
burg does here that I keep hearing and
this is Michelle fields thing I mean
come on guys like give it up Lewandowski
grabbed Romney Brewster end of story if
you think that's a good thing then
celebrate Lewandowski if you think
that's a bad thing then say that he's
not a great guy for doing it and then
slandering Michelle fields really am
very complicated but the the twists and
turns the pretzeling that people who
defend Trump have to go through on this
particular score is pretty is pretty
egregious here's Steve Miles burr going
after Michelle fields he decided not to
prosecute which wasn't surprised you are
with the prosecutor conducted an
investigation with a preconceived
condition that there would be no court
case that the prosecutor would aim to
get you an apology that's what you're
telling me
yeah that's not news I mean this is
something that I had spoken about before
during the whole I know you wanted an
apology I know you wanted an apology but
why would the prosecutor why would a
prosecutor spend taxpayers money when
you're saying I mean
if the wife if a wife is beaten by her
husband she doesn't press charges I
don't think that she could say hey go
ahead with the investigation I don't
want you to pry don't want anything to
happen to I don't want to go to court
but I wanted to apologize I don't think
it works that way so signals Berg is
doing a routine where he is suggesting
that what happened is Michelle fields
went to the police and she filed a
police report the police independently
of Michelle fields decided to go ahead
and recommend a charge the reason
Michelle fields filed the police report
is because people like Steve miles Berg
were claiming that this thing never
happened in the first place the police
of course found it had uncovered tape
that showed that it had she's allowed to
do that you're allowed to file a police
report based on an incident that
happened it's then the police's decision
and the prosecutors decision to go
forward he's factually wrong by the way
if a wife goes in and says I want to
press charges against my husband and
then me and the prosecutors say okay
we're going to negotiate some sort of
deal where you and your husband separate
this happens all the time informal deals
like this actually are relatively common
they're relatively common but this is
the way that the narrative shift because
Trump was lying because Lewandowski was
lying people decided that they had to
shift the attack on Michelle fields from
Michelle fields was lying and she made
up her bruises and he was she was never
grabbed and his all made up - well she
never should have filed the police
report the only reason she filed the
police report is cuz you people were
calling her a liar so just want to point
out that the kind of shifty nature of
how politics works cuz it really is kind
of yucky it really is kinda yucky
whether you think the incident was
overblown or not the shifting defense
routine here is really kind of
ridiculous okay so tomorrow we will be
back with much much more including the
ben shapiro show mailbag we will see if
if good Trump or bad Trump show up once
more you'll see which one we get
I think that most Republicans are now
praying that Donald Trump sure shuts his
face for 24 hours and doesn't destroy
the good cycle of headlines about him
attacking Hillary but we'll find out
we'll find out because it's been now
like an hour and a half two hours since
Trump gave the speech and we may be
reaching expiration date before he can
generate another headline and Ben
Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro show
