stormy Daniels says Donald Trump sexual
apparatus looks like Toadstool from the
video game Mario Kart for those of you
who've never played Mario Kart or had
sex with the president toadstool is a
smiling mushroom with red spots on his
cap and of course it makes sense that
he's smiling if he's having sex with a
porn star but the red spots may be
indicative of a serious venereal disease
this important story broke around the
same time as a former writer for Sesame
Street announced that famous Muppet pals
Bert and Ernie are gay this is also an
important story because it's essential
the children who are learning letters
and numbers from the Muppets should
simultaneously be able to imagine them
committing sodomy otherwise they might
just go about their business being
children while neglecting to affirm the
lifestyles of people who feel bad about
themselves
Muppet master Frank Oz who created Bert
says that rumors of Bert's homosexuality
are untrue oz who also created the
character Yoda in Star Wars told
reporters quote Bert and Ernie gay are
not puppets they are don't an idiot be
quote how a penny of you may be thinking
why do celebrities need to ruin our
innocent pleasures by connecting them to
their wayward sex lives do we really
have to watch Bugs Bunny and think about
how his two ears remind us of a pair of
lesbians engaging in unspeakable acts or
am I the only one who does that okay
never mind forget I mentioned that one
let's move on my point is why are the
graphic details of celebrity sex lives
news do they lower our taxes or keep us
out of war of course not
this is just a case of oversized egos
with undersized talents trying to force
the toadstools of their self-involved
libidos into the damp dark recesses of
our consciousness next thing we know
we'll all be thinking about how the way
Mickey Mouse's head looks like the naked
torso of a shapely woman again maybe
that's just me never mind
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin ship
tickety-boo so we need also sing see
topsy know everything
all right hooray herethis is it the
Clavin this weekend is upon you know
actually this was kind of a long week we
had to solve the blaze people here
there's so much going on we're doing so
many different shows that it really does
feel like two weeks have gone by but
nothing nothing can stop the Clavin was
weekend for coming at last so hang on
although you know I think I'm oh that's
probably a tape so I'm doing been show
but I don't know if that's live or not
is it alright so the stove there's still
a little bit of Clavin tea goodness to
be gotten over on Fox News and Ben's new
show today we have a long and
fascinating interview with Glenn Beck
who I don't have to tell you about and I
know that many of you hate Glenn Beck
and I know that because you keep telling
me that you hate to win back and I'll
put up a thing saying you know jeebies
what a talented guy is well here is a
traitor Glenn Beck is a traitor and I'm
gonna talk about that before I run the
interview I'm gonna talk about your
hatred and why I think you should listen
to the interview we're gonna stay on
right we're gonna stay on and let
everybody hear it all the more reason
for you out of guilt to just come over
the Daily wire calm and subscribe
because you're getting all this
incredible goodness for free so go on
over there's only ten bucks a month it's
not lousy ten bucks and 100 bucks you
get the whole year and you get the
leftist tears tumblr and you can be in
the mail bag so all your questions will
be answered that was that was a really
good mail bag last time so I enjoyed it
Robin Hood we have a new sponsor this is
an investing app that lets you buy and
sell stocks ETFs options and cryptos all
Commission free now we gave this to
Caitlyn out and Caitlyn and Katie kind
of run the place and they were out there
so we let them play with it I don't know
how they're doing about here a lot of
giggling going on out there so I think
they're pretty well and the thing is
that you know there's no Commission
freeze fees other brokerages charge up
to ten bucks for every trade but Robin
Hood doesn't charge Commission fees
trade stocks and keep all of you you can
trade stocks and keep all of your
profits it's easy to understand charts
and market data place a trade you can
place a trade in just four taps on your
smart phone Robin Hood web platform also
lets you view stock collections you can
just learn how to do this I mean it
really is a good thing to learn how to
do and you can learn it right
on the app Robin Hood is giving my
listeners a free stock like Apple Ford
or Sprint to help build your portfolio
sign up at Clavin dot Robin Hood com
that's Clavin dot Robin Hood dot-com you
can learn all kinds of things like how
to spell Clavin it's a que la vie a n no
ease in Clavin though I make it I do
make it look so easy - I know but
there's no ease so so listen we haven't
reached the end of the Cavanaugh story
it's still a lot of stuff up in the air
whether they'll be testimony on Monday
or not whether they'll be a hearing but
the one thing I think we can say beyond
a shadow of a doubt is the Democrats in
their slimy despicable way and really
one of the worst incidences I've ever
seen of this have accomplished what they
wanted to accomplish I mean the
political calculus goes kind of like
this if Cavanaugh isn't appointed if
these if he's not appointed it might
just inspire conservatives to show up
during the midterm election so it might
not actually be that good if they
actually killed his appointment the
positive part of it is if they delay the
vote if they delay the vote then they
might take back the Senate and be able
to stop it and that means that the
Democrat senators running in red states
won't have to cast a controversial vote
just before so there's a lot of you know
calculus going on but the one thing that
can happen now that I think that the
Democrats is really what they want is if
he is appointed if he is confirmed to
the supreme court they will forever
after have tarred this guy's name with a
completely unprovable unfalsifiable
unverifiable charge from 35 36 years ago
from when he was a teenager
there's no I mean all we do is we're
sitting around and we're saying oh you
know did he do it if he did do it is it
really that bad do we forgive him is
there great why are we even talking
about that when the entire thing is
politics it is all politics this is a
genuinely despicable thing and all they
want is to put this guy on the soup if
this guy gets on the Supreme Court
forever after they they have put this
completely utterly entirely unfair
asterisk by his name the way they have
with Clarence Thomas completely unfairly
so that
anything he does any decision he makes
they have tarred this good man's name it
really is despicable again this is not
an attack on the accuser she may have a
false memory she may not have a false
memory I have no idea the point is there
is no way to know and if there is no way
to know you're a senator right you're a
senator of the United States if there's
no way to know you do not bring it up it
is just not right
if there were a hundred women out there
all saying the same thing I feel a
little bit differently about this I
would feel differently about this
although you can always collect the
hundred people who are willing to lie
about somebody but still all this talk
about oh you know I believe her she
looks honest she seems honest I don't
care I don't care there's no way to
prove it
plenty of people can look credible I
don't know anything about her I mean
everything people say nobody has said
anything nasty about her I don't mean to
say anything nasty about her I just
don't know and so it is therefore
inherently wrong to do this to a person
and just you know I want to start by
playing a clip of Joy Behar so like you
want to might want to put something in
your ears just to keep it down a little
bit but I want to play this
only because I would not play this if I
just thought it was her it was this
awful Joy Behar but I think this is
representative of the entire Democrat
Party and the left in general first just
play her attacking Cavanaugh just to
show you the way they're treating this
guy at this point is cut for these
people in Congress right now and that
Senate Judiciary Committee these white
men old by the way are not protecting
women they're protecting a man who is
probably guilty if you're not judge
Cavanaugh take the lie detector test
yeah prove it the way she did and the
way Anita Hill did that they were not
lying let's see that from you and they
are are you a count yeah by the way just
so you know being old or white or male
is not a bad thing I'm all three and she
can go to hell you know justice says but
let's go back to 2016 this is two years
ago this isn't back in the Clinton era
this is two years ago when Hillary
Clinton was was running listen to what
she said then Teddy Kennedy remember
Chappaquiddick am I the oldest oldest
person in the girl grounds and he
abandons her
and he drownded women still voted for
Teddy Kennedy why because he voted for
women's rights that's why that's the
bottom line of it in my opinion I mean I
don't like either one of them to tell
you the truth Teddy or bill but they're
both dogs as far as I'm concerned but I
still will vote for Bill Clinton because
he votes in my favor
so so but that's all of them that is all
of them that is Dianne Feinstein that is
every single one of the Democrats and
the left and all the people on Twitter
posing there with their feminist poses
they're all the same way it is just
about the power it is just about the
decisions there was Joy Behar that is as
brash as brilliant up brilliantly
painted as bright a picture of hypocrisy
as you were ever going to see but it's
all of them I say I say this to you with
a straight face and I mean it every one
of them is Joy Behar in this case so
let's just bring this up to date Chuck
Grassley the head of the Senate
committee that is that is the
confirmation committee is talking to
Cavanaugh deciding whether to pass it on
to the full Senate he has now gotten
down gotten tough and said you know she
won't they invited her to come and
testify she said she should testify and
all the left said was we have to hear
her out we have to hear her out
so they said coming on Monday is that
you can't hear her out what's wrong with
you what's wrong with you you can't do
that so Grassley has now said that she's
got to get in her he really sent a tough
letter saying you know this is the but
the latest and most serious of the
Democrats side's abuse of the
confirmation process there's been delay
and obstruction of this process at every
turn and with every argument available
therefore I will view any additional
complaints about the process very
skeptically and he gave her till Friday
to get her prepared testimony in or they
will hold the vote on Wednesday and here
is Senator Dilan Bran react Chris
kirsten gillibrand who was a big Clinton
supporter so like she has nothing to say
about this but she's now now she's a big
me to support her because that's the way
the wind is blowing this is her
responding to this she should be
will lead into this scenario where it's
a he-said she-said where many members of
the committee have already made up their
minds without the benefit of an FBI
investigation where it's nonpartisan and
objective and without the benefit of
corroborating witnesses being able to
testify it's a sham hearing and I don't
think she should participate in it but
it can only be he said she said this is
why all of this is bogus right it's all
bogus
it can only be he said she said 36 years
later when the accuser says she doesn't
remember the day she doesn't remember
the place what are the FBI what
questions are doing the FBI gonna ask
you know 35 years ago did you go to a
party 36 years ago were you a teen at a
party that I'm not sure where or when
that something may have happened we
don't know what you know what what how
can you investigate that the FBI refused
to investigate because it's
uninvestigated it is uninvestigated and
the Senate has its own investigators who
were put there all of this is about one
thing it is all about one thing it is
making sure that if you don't tow the
leftist line you have to be afraid
because they do not believe in diversity
of thought they do not believe that
there could be another side it is their
side and hatefulness and this is what I
want to use this as an introduction to
this interview with Glenn Beck because
it's a long interview so I want to get
to it quickly I want to talk about our
sense of diversity and our sense of
individuality because Donald Trump
obviously a divisive figure both Glenn
and I started out Glenn Beck and I
started out thinking you know this is a
horrible horrible guy both of us I said
when he was elected all right now he
starts to work for me I'm erasing the
slate
nothing happened before this now he's
working for me I will I will make the
judgments on what he does I feel that
Trump has done a great job I feel that
he's learned I feel he's become better
at what he's doing for instance during
this Cavanaugh thing he's been very
restrained that's something I don't
think he would have had the wisdom to do
before he didn't just become a pugilist
he's kept he's held his fire I think
he's gotten better Glenn likes him a lot
less than I do I still feel that Trump
is a as a human being is not somebody
I'm not thrilled about but I'm an artist
I understand that the hands that
sculpted the thinker also beat women
life is complicated I would not give up
this brilliant sculpture of Rodin
because he wasn't a great guy I think
Trump is doing a great job as president
I don't want him for a daddy I don't
want him for a friend I don't want him
anywhere near my daughter but I think
he's doing a great job as president Glen
still has very very serious reservations
here is the thing though we stand what
do we stand for what do we stand for
nevermind the semi against the left we
stand for the rights of the individual
that's why we hate socialism because we
stand for you to keep your own money we
stand for the rights of the individual
we stand for diversity of thought we
stand for diversity of ideas and
conscience because that's what
individuals are made of and I'm made of
whether you're gay or black or white
none of that is all that important what
is really important is your conscience
and your thought and the way you reason
about the world this inner you that is
you that is the person that you are if
we believe in the individual then we
have to believe in disagreement we have
to believe that people of good
conscience of good conscience are still
going to disagree they're gonna find
different ways forward Glen is not
hating on Donald Trump because he's has
some plots at hand America over the
Communists he's examining his own
conscious and what he wants to what he
what he wants for the country so he's
written this new book called addicted to
outrage which i think is first of all
the premise of it is brilliant it is
addicted to outrage how thinking like a
recovering addict can heal the country
an outrage I've said how many times have
I said anger is the devil's cocaine
right anger is the devil's cocaine he's
absolutely right
that outrage is an addiction and he
wants to talk about how to break that
addiction and maybe move forward I
raised in this interview I don't do a
lot of talking to in this interview
because Glenn can talk for himself but
I'm gonna talk now I raised two
objections he wants to bring those
people together who will talk to one
another and I raised two objections one
is this I feel that the worst by far by
far the worst behavior has been on the
left are there bad people on the right
obviously of course there are but our
crazies our crazies are in the comment
sections of blogs they're crazies are
Dianne Feinstein they're crazies are
senators and Congress women and the last
President of the United States their
radicals their radicals on the press
their radicals own NB
see ABC CBS they're radical control
immediate which universally attacks the
basic standards of this country every
single day and night and so how do we
reconcile how do we get around that
incredible structure of wrongdoing
to get to the people on the left and
there are millions of them how do we get
to the people on the left will talk to
us will say you know you know what
you're not hateful we do have points in
common a lot of points in common I too
think there are only two sexes I think
when they you know I want you know gay
people to be treated well but obviously
there are only two sexes men and women
how do we reach those people so you know
you'll hear me raise that objection to
Glenn and the other is how do we get our
own side to listen when you're calling
glenn beck a traitor which let me tell
you is absurd and i you know i really
live on dove glenn i'd be I'll be honest
obviously it's you can see out that I'm
fond of him when I talk to him
I also worked for him for six months and
I saw the people he worked for and how
much they loved him how well they were
treated I mean it's kind of hard not to
like the guy I also think he's one of
the great broadcasters of the age one of
the natural talents of the age so I have
a lot of respect and affection for him
but but I don't agree with him on some
of this stuff and I think there are
problems about it that have to be faced
but is that does that make him a traitor
he's a traitor
really really because he thought Donald
Trump was a bad guy I mean really so I
think it's worth listening to is well
worth listening to it's a really
interesting interview and I think just
you know it's out this is our side
there's got to be remember what Paul
said about the body of Christ he said
there are different people with
different roles what glenn is thinking
here I think is visionary I think he has
a view of the future that's really
important and I think it's worth
listening to
for all its problems here is Glenn Beck
one of the great broadcasters of the age
talking about his new book addicted to
outrage Glenn it's great to talk to you
without argue and without a cigar
doesn't smell in here I'll do it I know
a little because you're next door to
Michael knows you may be decay yeah yeah
you know I've actually been really
looking forward to this not just because
I always like talking to you but you
were actually writing and thinking about
something that has kind of been
obsessing me but I want to talk to you
about it in very realistic terms or
talking about your book addicted to
outrage let's we'll start there I'll
start with talk about you're talking
about outrage as an addiction has an
actual addiction it is an addiction and
it when she had it to me for a second I
think it sound like page 11 or 22 it's
one of those you know double numbers
it's it here it is why outreach works in
the very beginning of the book I talk
about there are three things that are
really important with with the kind of
outrage we're dealing with first the
outrage that signals virtue and the
louder you get and the earlier you are
you are on this the bigger you are okay
and you you can now really wield a lot
of power cuz you were leading the way
okay then there's the next
this causes outrage to become a shield
from any moral judgment on you because
you now are untouchable
you can't nobody can say anything about
you you excuse me you're talking about
me no we're talking about that young
girl that was whatever ripped from the
arms of her parents you know on the
border you now can shape everything and
the last piece is outrage as a weapon
you have the three arrows in your quiver
you have shame guilt and fear I can do
anything to you you cannot defend
yourself now I think we'd all recognize
it when it goes into a little deeper
than this but we can all recognize that
that's what's happening right now
it's a weapon that's all it is as a
weapon but listen to this part so now
the last is it turns into identity so
outrages and identity by far the far
most destructive acts aspect of outrage
addiction is that over time it overtakes
and replace replaces the Attucks
identity they surrender the
responsibility of developing a caring
rational human persona hallmarks of a
genuine and healthy human personality
tend to be smother
below a facade of impulsive manic
emotional responses driven by the
addiction so it in the end it creates
these shallow people that don't actually
care and let me give you an example the
border drew I was there on the border in
2012 I was one of the only people on the
border in 2012 right everybody in
America hated me on both sides for this
but I felt we we have to care about the
people I want them to go home I'm not
welcoming in I want to make sure they're
well fed and taken care of so I go down
there and and the border guards are
begging me can you get the press to pay
attention they're separating these
children not from their parents they
were coming over in droves as children
okay so like three kids would come in
one would be 15 one would be 10 one
would be 7 but there were brothers and
sisters the border guards are like we're
putting all the 10 year olds in this
shed we're putting all of the 7 year
olds over here we're separating them
it's tearing these children apart
because they came with their brother and
sister and they have no security now can
you please get somebody to pay attention
I begged the media I called them I wrote
them look you don't have to include me
this is really important nothing nothing
because they've become this empty shell
a rotting corpse with a giant shield and
arrows
that's just signaling virtue but it's
all for politics there's there's nothing
real ok so this is the thing because
obviously this is a problem in our
country right we're totally divided
Frank things are going great in the
country I mean I laugh about it all the
time for somebody who loves the absurd
gangs are really pretty good you know
not only here in the country but
capitalism and I outlined this in the
book it there's no better time to live
than right now and if you if you could
choose where you were going to be born
and raised it would be right now in
America I'm with you a hundred percent I
mean and when you compare it to the way
life can be yeah it is really bad
it's amazing that's amazing okay so I
mean I say this on the show all the time
I the slogan anger is the devil's
cocaine right you know I mean it's game
because it you know makes you feel
righteous but the people that you're
talking about and here's one of the
first two things I just because I wanted
to be realistic about this if one of the
first two things all the people that
you're talking about earn one side of
the political divide not saying they're
no jerks on the right I'm just saying as
a philosophical as a philosophical point
that the people who are ignoring the
people in the board in 2012 and making a
crisis out of it in 2018 are doing it
because they're on the Left you weren't
on the border with me and got the the
massive body blows from my friends on
the right right so generally speaking I
agree with you not talking about the
quality of the people though I'm talking
about this massive prep media which is
so gay okay so let's so let's separate
things yeah when we're talking about
this plan cuz this is not a this is not
a hey we all have to love each other
book this is not surrender this is you
don't understand what's being played and
how they're playing it and why they're
playing it okay and most Democrats don't
even know it but once you understand the
game they're playing you're outraged
you're hitting back your response your
anger is only making it go faster they
want that from you okay so if you if you
want to save the country you need to
reframe we're doing the same thing over
and over and it's just getting worse
that's insanity why is it getting worse
because we don't understand the game
that the ultra-left
is playing and they would say the
ultra-right but I would put the
ultra-right with the ultra laughs
they're 120 of them that's right all
right so with that being said we have to
first let's let's let's define the
playing field here let me be really
pessimistic I do not think it's any
we're close to this but let me be really
pessimistic think of a football field
right and left okay let's say there is
15 percent of radicals who want to
destroy America on the left okay and on
the right there's another 15 percent
they just want to rip us apart they want
nothing to burn it all down we're gonna
start all over again whatever it
whatever it is they hate what we have
okay
that's 30% nothing in this book is aimed
towards them
you're not going to change them they're
not going to they're not going to be
saved or turned around they do not have
good intentions I'm talking about the
70% now out of that 70 I'll bet you that
they're 60 that are get about mm-hmm it
only takes to agree with these numbers I
think it only takes 20% 17% for the
tipping point a dedicated 10% can change
the world 17% is a tipping point you
have 50 percent that are lockstep that
that say I know the game you're playing
I know the game you're playing and you
know what doesn't bother me
mmm doesn't bother me here here's here's
what we are going to do we're going to
do XY and Z because this large group of
people are talking to each other we know
who we are
you're lying to us and about us okay you
are maybe you're on the left you on the
left these radicals are lying to me
about them and those on the right Oh God
okay we're all being lied to and we're
being used and manipulate I am with you
and I when I watch you say these things
and I want I mean just today I sent out
a tweet because we did that
backstage yeah I was I I hate to flatter
you but I can't help it I was marveling
at your broadcast you are a broadcast
god I've never seen everybody walk into
a room and take my shirt off I look a
little like Thor I know we
I was blinded I know but I I said
something on Twitter and immediately
they get back as a traitor back he's a
traitor I thought like click back he's a
traitor
because he had reservations about Trump
you've been really fair to him I mean
you you did not like you haven't just
sat there taking potshots at and then
you haven't been like some people who
would I find kind of annoying who are
still kind of virtuous signaling over
Trump's many many personal flaws okay
but you've kind of you've given him a
fair you know I said I would yeah I said
I would a during the election I said
look I'm judging him based on what I
know of him now the real judge starts
once he become a surprise that's what I
said too but what I want to ask you is
yeah as a business matter right because
we're in it this is a business I mean
this is a business it's a business
matter how then do you break through
your persona to the people I don't know
okay I don't know I can't I don't know I
mean I talked to your read the book
pendulum no ok so business book came out
about 2011 an absolute must read you
should read it if you read the fourth
turning no these are you know come Adam
I can't okay okay yeah you should read
both of those opposed because it will
help you I've been I've been reading
stuff that's that will help me explain
what's happening to us okay where we are
in history the patterns of history are
really important who has done these
things before how did it go wrong how
did it go right let me start with Gandhi
why did Gandhi win because he was up
against a nation with the conscience
that I would actually respond to his
tactics correct
why did Bonhoeffer lose because he
wasn't he was up against monsters okay
right yeah so the the the the very good
true I've asked that question so many
people and they don't but they're I well
I don't really know it's clear
Bonhoeffer was saying to the people
around him I've got to talk to mr.
Gandhi he knows how to fix this okay he
didn't have
special you know magic that he could do
Bonhoeffer was doing it the difference
was the people they had lost the
judeo-christian principles they had gone
dark they had begun to accuse each other
hate each other separate into other
camps and become cowards it was too late
it was too late
it's not too late for us no it's not too
late it is growing late but I I i went
over to poland with my kids and i met
one of the Righteous among the Nations
she's a sweet sweet woman who helped the
Jews who helped us she saved a hundred
Jews she was 16 and a Jewish girl came
up to her on the street and said please
I'm starving you could only feed a Jew I
think 300 calories a day okay so they
were starving to death if you were
caught feeding or giving any kind of
food to a Jewish person not only would
you get their same fate but your whole
family would so Polina is walking on the
street and this woman comes up to her
and says please I'm starving
she said I don't have any food but meet
me here tomorrow and I'll bring you
something so now it's dinnertime she's
sitting with her mother her brother and
her father and she says mom and dad I
did something today now remember your
Nazi Germany you're right on the wall of
the ghetto and they the mom and dad she
said mom and dad just looked at each
other said what she said I met a Jewish
girl she was about my age
and she asked me for food and I said I
would bring it tomorrow she told me that
her mom and dad just stared at each
other at the table for all didn't say
anything just stared at each other you
know that conversation that didn't
happen and her mom shook her head
and got up got a pot started peeling
vegetables and Paul
Dina said what are you doing and she
said well she's certainly not gonna come
home or she's certainly not gonna come
alone if she's starving everybody she
knows his starve is great so in jail so
they save a hundred so I go there and
I'm with my family as a personal journey
I'm with my family I bring my older kids
and we go through Auschwitz I make them
read a story I don't care who but read
the story of one of the Righteous among
the Nations and we get there right
before we go in and I said this is the
summer that we are going to decide who
we are because when it happens if you
haven't prepared for it you're gone if
you haven't exercised your moral muscle
on the easy things you're done so we
went we met Paulina afterwards and she
told us the stories of what it was like
and I said to her the last thing
everybody was leaving and I said Paulina
I have a big audience and I I feel like
these days are coming back and I said
and I believe everybody has the tree of
righteousness in them what do you how do
I water it she looked at me with such a
strange like I don't even understand
that question
and she said you misunderstand the
righteous didn't suddenly become
righteous they just refused to go over
the cliff with the rest of humanity
that's groundbreaking to me you don't
have to be Superman you just have to
stand where you've always stood where
your parents said this is right this is
wrong how many how many genders are
there how many difference of the sexes
how to - right now you know that why do
you know that because it's all nature
reveals it's right nature reveals its
Sciences proving it that's it right
don't go over the cliff with rest
humanity because if you don't exercise
your moral muscle on the
little things that seem you know big now
you could lose your job for saying that
what happens let's see you know all of
this all of this I agree with I know the
thing that is it bothers me because I
really do believe you're right we
haven't gone too far and I and I don't
think we're as far as you do I'm always
a little bit more optimistic right you
but but I I do think the direction we've
gone is all toward the left and so when
I'm when I'm with them I always say
there are crazies our crazies are in the
comments section they're crazies are in
Congress you know and I think that
that's that is that is I just talked to
a Republican in in one of the houses of
Congress yes or remain nameless who said
Glenn I don't know anyone I can count
them on two fingers beyond that I don't
know anyone in the GOP that actually
truly believes in the Bill of Rights Wow
okay yeah whether that's true or not
yeah for him to have that perception now
that's pretty bad that has been so I
write off all the people in I've given
up my watch not going to change another
and Washington is it will never lead the
people must lead Washington will
eventually wake up or if they will just
become irrelevant okay here's the thing
we are changing because we're angry and
righteous anger okay I when people say
to me oh you can't compare Barack Obama
to Donald Trump oh yes I can yes I can
you're saying he's a racist really can
you help me again with Jeremiah Wright
hmm we're just ignoring things of our
own camp but going out I used to watch
your show all the time and you would
come out when you explained the
Constitution you explained American yeah
you were you were a hated figure on the
right I mean you were st. you were
speaking but why that's what I'm asking
I was a hater figure on the right no you
were hated figure on though you were
considered to be a right winger yeah a
right winger for sitting there going
here's the Constitution here's God this
is what we believe these are the things
we believe so
right let me do what makes me a winner I
know you know how many people got the
truth because of the media right and the
giant organizations that are just trying
to pit us against each other for money
for power how many people actually
watched me more than a segment with Jon
Stewart hmm how many people how many
people would be willing to sit down and
say I think this guy is a horrible human
being but I want to know myself
Craig hat cough is a guy who he
co-created the Tribeca Film Festival
you think I'm popular with the big Glenn
posters right uh no he called me one day
and he said may I just meet you
he said sure what do you what do you
what do you want to do he said I just I
just want to meet you
there's one talk to you we went into a
very liberal restaurant where he was
very popular and I was not we are good
friends
mm-hmm because he didn't he wanted to
know himself this is what I think you
are based on what everybody tells me but
it doesn't make sense to me I don't
think you're that guy he ended up now
think about how unpopular this is he's
the guy who nominated me and I won a
Tribeca Film Festival Award okay no that
didn't happen right it just requires us
to say wait a minute
I'm not gonna listen to the noise not
going to listen to the noise because I
don't believe 50% of the country wants
to destroy us which ever side that is I
do believe 30% of the country
15 and I'm being generous and just say
30 I don't know how it's balanced but
just let's say 15 and 15 I do believe if
there is 30% of this country and I think
this is too big of a number that do want
to destroy us okay we'll so then
why are we letting that 30% control us
and we're losing reason when that person
said you know oh I hate Glenn Beck
Twitter don't I know it brother don't I
know I know
okay it was interesting to me I did a
podcast with somebody a couple of days
ago and that all the things were blend
back Oh Glenn Beck Glenn Beck and black
one of them because in it I had said
that we were talking about anonymous and
I said look the problem is he's the
president
he's the duly elected president of the
United States the people selected him we
decided we voted him into office my
point being you cannot go around the
people no cabinet no nobody nobody that
anybody who's taken stuff off of the
President's desk and he's like where is
that stuff you should not be around the
president because he has my power he has
your power yes my has Barrack Obama and
all the people who voted for Barack
Obama he has their power to in a
government way okay he is supposed to be
our president but so many people on the
right said oh he's our president you
said he was gonna be a disaster you're
now claiming victory for him no that's
not what I was doing I'm very clear on
where I stand what I like and what I
don't take it or leave it it's my
opinion you don't have to march in
lockstep
I'm not asking anybody in fact I am
encouraging you not to walk in lockstep
with me or anybody else do your own
homework be your own person surround
yourself with people who challenge your
point of view so you are strong enough
to defend it and you know what's real
conservatives have a great advantage
over liberals we are we are pushed to
the wall almost every day since since
you've said I'm a conservative your life
is a just hell okay
we're pushed to the wall we're called
bigoted racist homophobes at some point
you have to say am I one of those am i
this few point you have to do the
thinking or you're just I don't know
what you are but you're not a human
being if people are calling you that all
the time and it doesn't make you stop
and think so we have to think who we
really are why we believe these things
because it's so much easier to just give
up and go to the left it's just easy
yeah yeah I got a million other
questions but amount of time I know I
think I think you're the I think you're
talking about a visionary path and I
actually think it's possible this is as
optimistic as I've ever heard you sound
so there must be me getting on your
nerves
I was really no no I will tell you and I
was really I was depressed for years ago
I didn't see a way out yeah and I my gut
told me this is the way to go but I
didn't understand it I did research I
found out what the disease actually is
what who's doing this to us where these
words that none of us have ever heard of
come from once you understand that now
let's fight differently yeah don't
surrender fight differently well I want
you to know when they come to get you
I'm gonna be the guy like Peter going I
never saw it's great to see you always
see you thank you thanks a lot all right
Glenn Beck I the guy I think he's on a
visionary path and he's gonna pay a
price for it and when he does we'll all
desert him I think that's basically the
way to go all right stuff I like all
right that was Matt's work Oski Matt
keep your day job I don't know let's
talk about sex so you know it's since
it's all the news I had this funny
thought as I was driving home yesterday
that was thinking you know you know if
people restricted their sex lives to
marriage like all these problems would
go away all these meet two things would
go away that wait well how come no one's
ever thought of that before and of
course
realized that what the left is
complaining about what the left is
complaining about is the blowback from
their own culture they're the ones who
told us that marriage didn't matter
they're the ones who told us to be free
they are the ones who told us that women
love sex just as much as men and now
they're the ones complaining about how
they get treated when you tear the fence
down when you tear the wall that who has
it who said don't tear down the wall
until you know what's behind it what's
behind it is sex which is an unruly
passionate difficult complex system
insist 'im that was not built for
civilization right it wasn't built to
make civilization it makes civilization
arises out of it but it is a troubling
disturbing process that that keeps
civilization on its toes for sure I was
thinking back in the day when a woman's
virginity was of value as some of us
still think it is but back in the day
when a woman's when it's all society
thought of women's virginity was a value
the idea was to talk her out of it the
idea was to seduce her right and if you
couldn't seduce her you might wind up
marrying her you know I mean that was
basically the kind of you know wait I
think was Benjamin Franklin who said
that a castle neither a castle nor a
woman's virginity can stand once they
begin to parlay once they begin to talk
and this this process of trying to
overcome a woman's virtue a woman's
resistance created the art and the act
of seduction which has produced some of
the greatest art there ever was and
there there are whole poems their whole
genres of poems that are just built on
seduction I was thinking you know I pity
kids coming up today in the sexual world
that they're coming up with now we're
all that sort of all the fun and all the
danger and all the interplay between
male and female are sort of stripped
down to kind of this kind of legalistic
matter and you don't know whether 30
years from now something that went a
little bit wrong is going to come back
and destroy your career it really is
ugly so I wanted to revisit one of my
favorite poems this has been on stuff I
like once before about two years ago but
it's worth bringing back and I didn't
read the whole thing then I'm going to
read the entire thing now it's a 1681
poem one of the most famous seductive
poems ever to remind you of what's at
stake here it's called to his coy
mistress by Andrew Marr
who was part of the when the King of
England was overthrown he was part of
that he wasn't a Puritan though and as
you will hear and here's here's the
logic of the poem so you know what I'm
reading so you in case you lose track of
it he says to the woman if we had all
the time in the world it would be okay
for you to be coy it's called to his coy
mistress meaning she's not giving over
she's not sleeping with him if we had
all the time in the world that would be
fine but we don't we don't have all the
time the world he says if we had all the
time I'd do nothing but charm you
through all eternity I would not do
nothing but charm you until you finally
slept with me but in fact time runs out
life is short and after you're dead if
you die a virgin then the worms will eat
your virginity instead of instead of you
or sharing it with me so now let let us
let's do it let us do it and that what's
so wonderful about this poem is it
basically reminds us that sex is part of
the life drive there's something
essential about it and it's unruly and
it doesn't work our our sexual feelings
don't work there is no law than you can
put in place that is ever going to make
our sexual feelings and sexual actions
bring it into league with civilization
it is always going to be a conflict
between what men see what women see what
people want and just the urge to keep on
going and love each other and stay alive
and reproduce so here's to his coy
mistress one of the great poems of all
time by Andrew Marvell had we but world
enough and time this coyness lady were
no crime we would sit down and think
which way to walk and pass our long
loves day thou by the Indian Ganges side
should Scoobies find I by the tide of
Humber would complain I would love you
ten years before the flood and you
should if you please refuse till the
conversion of the Jews my vegetable love
would grow vaster than empires and more
slow and hundred years should go to
praise thine eyes and on my far head
gaze two hundred to adore each breast
but thirty thousand to the rest at an
age at least to every part and the last
age should show your heart for Lady you
deserve this state nor would I love at
lower rate but at my back I always hear
times
we need chariot hurrying near and yonder
all before us lie deserts of vast
eternity thy beauty shall no more be
found nor in thy marble vaults shall
sound my echoing song then worms shall
try that long preserve virginity and
your quaint honor turned to dust and
into ashes all my lust the graves a fine
and private place but none I think do
there embrace now therefore while the
youthful hue sits on my skin like
morning dew and while thy willing soul
transpires at every pore with instant
fires now let us sport us while we may
and now like amorous birds of prey
rather at once our time devour than
languish in his slow chat power let us
roll all our strength and all our
sweetness up into one ball and tear our
pleasure with rough strife thorough the
iron gates of life thus though we cannot
make our Sun stand still yet we will
make him run sexy life as it used to be
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Clavin this weekend is
upon us
survivors gather here on Monday
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
