while the Obama administration worked to
hide the Orlando jihadists allegiance to
Isis and Hillary Clinton labored very
hard to avoid criminal investigation
over her email scandal Donald Trump was
busy detonating yet another bombshell
inside his own campaign headquarters
because that's what the man does on
Monday morning the campaign announced
that campaign manager Corey Lewandowski
who was arrested a couple of months ago
for simple battery on campaign reporter
Michelle fields by police before
prosecutors decided not to move forward
they announced he was now out here was
the Trump statement obviously dictated
by Donald with his usual Flair but
released by spokeswoman hope X quote the
Donald J Trump campaign for president
which has said a historic record in the
Republican primary having received
almost 14 million votes has today
announced that Corey Lewandowski will no
longer be working with the campaign the
campaign is grateful to Corey for his
hard work and dedication and we wish him
the best in the future
unquote Hicks of course had a
long-standing beef with Lewandowski and
she wasn't the only one apparently
Kremlin connected hire Paul Manafort
also could not stand Lewandowski and
he's now taking over the campaign like
it's Crimea nobody else could stand
Lewandowski either here's what Trump's
senior campaign adviser Michael Caputo
tweeted dingdong the witch is dead
ouch all of this is certainly a change
Trump had defended Lewandowski
strenuously he said he was innocent he
said he would not fire somebody with a
beautiful wife and beautiful children
he talked up lewandowski's bravery and
saving his life from Michelle fields
little Penn bomb the decision to throw
his hands on campaign manager under the
Trump train came rather suddenly
apparently NBC News reported a trump
staffer called it quote bedlam in the
Trump campaign no one knows what is
happening another campaign Soros told
time reporter Zeke Miller quote no one
knows what's going on
reporters quickly poured in that Ivanka
Trump was behind the Lewandowski hit
apparently according to NBC News's Katy
tur quote Ivanka had been particularly
unhappy with Lewandowski and has felt
that way for months the Michelle fields
incident put her over the top but it
took time for her and the family to
convince Trump he needed to dump
Lewandowski while he was winning there
was no need to change there are also
rumors by the way that Lewandowski had
attempted to drop nasty stories about
Ivanka's husband in the press to move
him out of the campaign on
official Trump Pravda Breitbart news
spam Lewandowski firing this way in an
exclusive from the Trump campaign quote
the campaign managers seem to have run
out of ideas when the New York City
developer asked Lewandowski what he
would do to turn things around the only
thing he could come up with was for
Trump to announce his pick for vice
president pitching that as the solution
sealed his face of the source the VP
pick was the one piece of suspense that
would make people tune into the
convention Cory wanted to give that away
now there was no way when the time came
for Trump to lower the acts no one spoke
up to defend sad sad Corey Lewandowski
smells violins in the world of playing
this is another indicator the Trump
campaign is now in slow motion implosion
they've spent this many zero dollars in
campaign swing states even though
Hillary has dumped a twenty three
million dollars in ads there so far they
have 30 campaign staffers Hillary
Clinton has 700 Bloomberg News reported
on Monday Monday thusly quote Republican
presidential candidate Donald Trump is
gathering his top lieutenants including
members of his family in New York on
Monday to discuss a political strategy
shift as he looks to move beyond recent
missteps Trump is facing pressure from
within his own inner circle including
from donors from growing increasingly
frustrated with what they see as a lack
of coordination and communication
members of Trump staff told Bloomberg
politics at a crucial moment in the
presidential race these rumors are
well-founded CNN reported on Monday
Republican donors were quote rattled by
Trump one GOP donor said this isn't a
triage type situation this is a massive
full body surgery type deal and we just
don't have that much time
Politico reported last week the RNC gave
Trump 20 names of big donors to call and
hit up for cash Trump called three then
he got bored and quit calling yes Trump
has big trouble and those troubles come
directly from the top I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show tends to
demonize people don't care about your
feelings
okay so we have brand-new sponsor on
board want to say hello to ring.com
folks there's a home burglary every 13
seconds I don't know about you I am
super paranoid about home invasion and
home burglary maybe it's just because I
am the target of so many threats all the
time but I but I do I do worry about
this sort of stuff on an irregularly
serious way most of these home
burglaries though don't happen when
you're at night and you're at home and
they break in and they're trying to kill
you
most happen in broad daylight and a
burglar rings your doorbell to make sure
that you're away before they break in
that's why you need ring video doorbell
ring video doorbell has been proven to
stop burglaries before they happen it
allows you to see speak to anyone
approaching your door using your
smartphone ring uses their advanced
motion detection technology to protect
your entire property with the ring of
security kit so the kit includes a ring
video doorbell to the front door and a
ring stick up cam and the wireless
weatherproof HD camera to keep an eye on
other parts of your property so what
they do is they actually hook this up to
your doorbell basically and they hook
that up to your phone so if somebody
rings your doorbell immediately the
camera set off and you can see who's at
your front door so you know whether to
open it or not you know whether
somebody's at your front door and now
obviously they have these devices that
monitor your entire property so that
anywhere you are you don't have to be at
home if someone rings your doorbell you
now have the person on tape and you know
whether somebody is trying to invade
your home which is a pretty cool thing
the radio ring video doorbell and stick
up can they both install in minutes and
working together they provide 24/7
monitoring of your entire home whether
you're in the living room or thousands
of miles away this obviously you know as
I say I worry about this stuff my wife
really worries about this stuff on a
serious level and we have a front gate
and our cameras cover the front gate but
not well enough ring makes sure that if
somebody pulls up I'm at least alerted
to the fact that there's somebody there
because right now I just have a passive
camera on the front gate so if somebody
pulls up and they look at the front gate
I have to be standing by the camera in
order to see what's going on ring
immediately notifies you that there is
someone there in the first place for a
limited time my listeners get $50 off
the ring of security kit it's the lowest
price anywhere go to ring.com slash Ben
right now that's ring comm slash man
they're already hundreds of thousands of
people using ring go-to ring comm slash
pin you get fifty bucks off ring comm
slash Ben and welcome to the Ben Shapiro
show ring comm advertisers that's
exciting okay so lots going on in the
so there's stuff that Donald Trump
should be talking about today and then
there's stuff that Donald Trump is
talking about today so the stuff he is
talking about today the Lewandowski
thing so Corey Lewandowski after months
and months of being told that Corey
Lewandowski was the greatest man who
ever lived a true American hero who
saved Donald Trump from 90-pound
Michelle fields in her little pen bomb
by reaching from behind and grabbing her
hard enough to bruise her Donald Trump
said he was a wonderful man great job
Cory did a wonderful job Cory now Corey
lewandowski's been fired he's been
dumped on the side of the road like so
much trash basically Donald Trump did
the the Carlow routine to Lewandowski
from the Godfather Murray Carlo is the
brother-in-law who is who's responsible
for Sonny's killing and Michael says
don't you're still part of the family
business we're gonna send you to Las
Vegas but you're never to talk to us
again I'm never gonna see you again and
then they take him out to the car and
they strangle him that was basically
Corey Lewandowski so Corey Lewandowski
they said well you know don't worry
Corey you'll always be part of the game
part and there comes the Garrett from
the back and and Corey lewandowski's
feet are kicking out the front
windshield and it's just unpleasant all
the way around so Corey Lewandowski
couldn't happen to a nicer guy he can
tell that Corey Lewandowski is well
liked when literally zero people came up
to Corey Lewandowski and all of the
Trump people who are saying that Corey
Lewandowski was really like a world war
two Normandy hero for saving Donald
Trump now they're faced with the odd
prospect of having to side with their
God King Donald Trump and firing Corey
Lewandowski things just got super
awkward and and again it just shows the
the pay in the chaos that's broken out
inside the Trump campaign now what's
what's really irritating about all of
this there are people like me who've
been saying for a long time that Trump
can't run a campaign that Trump is a
crap show that he is a poop tornado and
I've been saying this for a long time
but what's really irritating is that
never ever in my lifetime as the
Democratic Party been quite this
vulnerable so today the FBI the FBI at
the behest of the Obama administration
released a partial transcript a partial
transcript of the Orlando jihadists call
to 911 went into the pulse nightclub
this gay nightclub and while he's
shooting it up he calls 9-1-1 to leave a
message and the attorney general who's
as Andrew Clavin likes to say the
creepiest person in America Loretta
Lynch she was on the sunday shows
and she said that they're they're only
going to release a partial transcript of
the orlando 9-1-1 call so here's what
she had to say about the transcript as
was noted because no purchases were made
no ID was gathered no identifying
information was available beyond the
information which was recorded and which
was kept that's exactly what that gun
shop owner should have done and we thank
and commend him for that he then
realized after of course the tragic
events of last weekend exactly who had
been in his in his shop and called FBI
and again we were able to put those
pieces together because no purchase was
made there was nothing to identify who
it was was nothing to say the name or an
address but again we are asking everyone
to look back at any contact they've had
with this killer and do with this gun
shop owner did and report it to me so
this is so before we get to the partial
transcript this is the Attorney General
blaming the gun shop owner who wouldn't
sell this guy ammo right you're saying
well if you had an ID then maybe we
could have follow it up or something
well it turns out every gun shop I've
been in I've been in a fair number
all of them have cameras you know why
they have cameras because in many states
that's actually mandated by law they
have cameras and even in the other
states they want to make sure that they
can help out if somebody who bought a
gun turns out to be a bad guy so the FBI
never even followed up with this gun
shop I now she's claiming oh they didn't
provide an ID and that's the real
problem of course they didn't provide an
ID he didn't provide an ID they didn't
sell him anything but they probably had
him on tape okay where was the FBI
checking out the tape nowhere nowhere
but she says nonetheless the FBI did
everything it could to stop the Orlando
terrorists here's Loretta Lynch saying
the FBI did everything it possibly could
have done to stop the terrorists did the
FBI they they had investigated him twice
had talked to him three times in the
course of those investigations did the
FBI learn about his long history of
violent behavior well I can't go into
the specifics of everything that they
learned but in fact he was under
investigation once because he was making
alarming statements and his co-workers
did report that information which again
is exactly what they should have done
and we were happy boys to do actually he
was under investigation himself for his
own statements and that investigation
took some time and
the time the FBI did everything it could
to see was he about to carry out
anything this is about two years ago and
I can assure you that had he indicated
he was going to take action that they
would have stayed on that investigation
they determined that he was at the time
making statements he then came on the
radar again in the context of another
investigation another Florida man who
traveled to Syria blown himself up in
connection with a suicide bombing
attempt had a connection to the killer
and so he was interviewed along with
other people who knew that other
individual and to determine what
connection see wonderful job she doesn't
the preternaturally calm creepy voice
that she does like it's it's amazing how
calm she is about the fact that the FBI
just blew it and fifty Americans got
blown away and she though well the FBI
they just did everything they possibly
couldn't I'll give you all the details
of the investigation that they did and
I'll ignore the fact that Disney World
called and told people to be on the
lookout or that this gun shop called us
and the FBI didn't follow up all of this
is predicate to her explaining that
they're now going to release the
transcript of the orlando 9-1-1 call but
they're not gonna release the entire
transcript they can't do that they're
not gonna release the entire transcript
why pray tell here's Lorna Lynch being
super creepy including the hostage
negotiation part of this yes it will be
primarily this a partial transcript of
his calls with the hostage negotiators
it's a partial what's being with them
but what we're not going to do is
further proclaim this individuals
pledges of allegiance to terrorist
groups and further his propaganda we're
not going to hear him talk about those
we will hear him talk about some of
those things but we're not going to hear
him make us assertions of Allegiance
than that this will not be audio this
will be a printed transcript but it will
begin to capture the back-and-forth
between him and the negotiators we're
trying to get as much information about
this investigation out as possible as
you know because the killer is dead we
have a bit more leeway there and so we
will be producing that information
tomorrow okay this is fully insane so
what she's saying is we know exactly
what it says on the tape we have the
full tape we're not gonna release the
tape because the tape you know if we
release the tape he might actually sound
like I don't know like a radical Muslim
anybody like like a jihadi who want to
go shoot people so he can't do that
we're not gonna release the full tape
we're not even release a full transcript
instead we're gonna
lease a partially redacted transcript
that doesn't contain full information
about to whom he was pledging his
allegiance right we can't do that why
can't we do that while the FBI chief
came out today and said we can't do that
because it would cause more terrorism
well that's that's what he said so okay
so I want to read to you the transcript
that was released and this is just it's
truly amazing it's truly amazing so she
said we're not gonna produce ed we're
not gonna further proclaim this
individuals pledges of allegiance to
terrorist groups and further his
propaganda so they're doing their own
propaganda and now remember this isn't
the first time that the Obama
administration has gone full George
Orwell on reality the State Department
we talked about this a week and a half
ago the State Department took out a
section from a briefing on Iran that was
unflattering something's chopped it out
and put it on the side a few months ago
we talked about this to the White House
released a transcript and a translation
by Francois Hollande the French
president visiting the United States
when he used the phrases lammott
Islamist not even Islamic Islamist
terrorism they chopped it out of the out
of the transcript and they said it
didn't never happen then later they had
to apologize this is nothing new they've
now released the partial transcript
here's the partial transcript a moment
I'm not gonna read you the part from the
dispatcher because it's not important
here's what the Orlando jihadi had to
say here's how they here's how they
release it okay I'm first gonna give you
how that what he actually said and then
I'm gonna give you what how they how
they released it so he says in the name
of Allah the merciful the beneficial he
does this in Arabic here's how they
released that in the name of God the
merciful the beneficial and says praise
to Allah and prayers as well as peace be
upon the prophet of Allah I let you know
I'm in Orlando and I did the shootings
right here's how they released that
praise be to God and prayers as well as
peace be upon the prophet of God and
then he says my name is I pledge
allegiance to Isis here's how they
released this my name is I pledge
allegiance to omit it they blank it out
right he says I pledge allegiance to
al-baghdadi Abu Bakr al-baghdadi ahead
of Isis I pledge allegiance to Abu Bakr
al-baghdadi may Allah protect him on
behalf of Isis right and then here's how
they released that I pledge allegiance
to omitted may God protect him on behalf
of omitted hey this is how they released
it today so there are a couple things
that are really worth noting here that
are completely amazing
first everyone on the planet knows that
omitted equals Isis everyone knows this
right there are only two reasons to cut
this out one is to provide political
cover for the FBI because it's clear
they should have had an eye on this guy
it's clear he was jihadi it's clear he'd
been in jihadi for literally years and
that they'd let him go
and the second is to provide political
cover for their push for gun control
these are they actually were to for
example take seriously the jihadi
element here then they would have to do
that instead of pushing for my guns to
be taken away from me so they have to
pretend that none of this has anything
to do with ideology the second point
here and this is truly amazing the FBI
released a translated transcript here
they say from Arabic and then they
translate Allah as God as they praise be
to God now everyone in America everyone
all over the world knows if you're
translating from Arabic we all know what
Allah means it's not like you're it's
not like it's a word that we don't
understand the meaning of Allah we all
know what Allah means but there's a
serious debate about whether Allah of
radical Islamists is the same as the God
worshiped by choosing Christians I think
Christian God is not quite the same as
the radical Muslim God and it's
certainly not the same as the jihadis
God but for the left they have to lump
them all together we all worship the
same monotheistic God and therefore this
is really just an outgrowth of evil
right-wing religion that's not an
outgrowth of Islam it's it's an
outgrowth of evil right-wing religion so
they have to pretend that Allah and the
judeo-christian God are identical and
they have to link radical Islam with
Christianity and Judaism that's the
point and and let's be real about this
for a second if this guy had pledged
allegiance to the National Rifle
Association and Jesus is there any is
there any doubt they would have left
that in is there any doubt at all I'm
old enough to remember when there was a
guy who went and shot up a Planned
Parenthood tried to shoot up a Planned
Parenthood there at least the full
transcript of everything this nutjob had
to say and he was complete nut right
there released everything is babbling
garbage nonsense they released the
entire thing but here you have a pretty
well stated pledge of allegiance to Isis
using their magic formulas and their
they have to make sure that they don't
include that in the in the transcript
they have to make sure they don't
include that in the transcript and again
the reason that they don't want to
include that is because they need to go
after the guns and if they recognize
that this was all about radical Islam
this was all about
jihadism and it had nothing to do really
with the guns they can't push for gun
control Loretta Lynch wants to push for
gun control
censored so here's Loretta Lynch pushing
for gun control she says we need to stop
individuals from getting guns is this a
concern of yours we're extremely
grateful that in crafting this
legislation Congress took into account
those concerns that the director
expressed over a year ago and that we in
law enforcement all have obviously we
want to be able to have the tools we
need to stop individuals from obtaining
guns who should not have them
but we also need to have a process
consistent with the law to protect
ongoing investigations and protect
sensitive matters and this amendment
does give the Department of Justice both
of those tools okay so now they're gonna
push for gun control right we need all
the tools in our disposal and those
tools require require us to be able to
go after the terror watchlist and they
require us to be able to take
everybody's guns away that's what we
really need to do right now that's what
I really need to do so you would think
that this would be a perfect opportunity
to go after the Obama administration go
after Hillary Clinton who agrees with
all of us
the NRA chief Wayne LaPierre he says
what's obvious here this gun control
stuff is meant to divert attention away
from the fact that Obama and the Obama
administration have ignored jihadism and
they don't care about it here is here's
Wayne LaPierre
I mean we all mourn for what happened
John but we faced a terrorist challenge
we're they're on the verge of
overwhelming us what happened this past
week is the president the whole gun band
movement said hey don't look at
terrorists look over here
divert your attention take your eyes off
the problem because they don't want to
face the embarrassment of their failure
in this terrace area and they want to
cover their butts and not talk about it
you can't save the country with politics
the politically correct policy of the
White House are intruding right now in
military terrorism law enforcement it's
all being politicized with the
politically correct White House nose and
fingers in areas they don't belong and
that's let's start with a terrorist
watchlist
okay so he's exactly right here he says
you know we need to we need to focus
here on what really matters let's stop
focusing on the guns let's focus on the
actual jihadism that's inherent here and
let's make sure the FBI is doing its job
maybe you should redact the FBI's pay
until they do their job right that would
actually be so this would be a perfect
moment for Donald Trump
a perfect moment because what does he do
he rails against political correctness
he rails against the political
correctness that allows jihadism to
creep into the united states he did it
last week beautifully gives it a speech
at the beginning of last week that was
the best speech I said it best speech
he's given the entire campaign his
entire career right instead we get
Donald Trump doing what Donald Trump
does which is screwing things up and
this is the problem with Trump every
time you think the Trump is really
squared up to punch somebody really hard
he immediately punches himself right in
the balls I mean he just has no capacity
to to focus his attack so that doesn't
mean you can't say some things that are
that are smart okay let's do clip eight
here this is what Donald Trump should
have been focusing on this week here's
Donald Trump talking about profiling
this week I think profiling is something
that we're gonna have to start thinking
about as a country and other countries
do it and you look at Israel and you
look at others and they do it and they
do it successfully and you know I hate
the concept of profiling but we have to
start using common sense and we have to
use you know we have to use our heads
you know I see people that and I've seen
it recently we had a a case where you
know very much you know in in my case
where we had we had tremendous numbers
of people coming into a speech I was
making and you know people that
obviously had no guns had no weapons had
no anything and they were being they
were going through screening and they
were going through the same the same you
know scrutiny there's absolute same
scrutiny as somebody else that looked
like it could have been a possible
person so we really have to look at
profiling we have to look at it
seriously and other countries do it and
it's not the worst thing to do I hate
the concept of profiling but we have to
use common sense we're not using common
sense okay oh that is exactly right and
this is what he should've been hitting
all week long and it should've been
saying why are you reacting things that
we all know we all know what's under the
redactions under that omitted time we
know what's there this should be Trump's
wheelhouse my god if a story was ever
created for Donald Trump to hit with
both fists it is this story right
it's totally critten in the land the
media know it the media know it Bill
Maher over the weekend he says Trump is
right Obama does sound more angry at
Trump than he does at the shoe
here's bill maher over the weekend
letting them become here's the one thing
that Trump said this week that made a
little sense to me he said when I listen
to Obama today and he sounded madder at
me than the shooter
couldn't we just address the big
elephant in the room which is the
shooter before we go right to trying to
address the shooter as a product of
Islam is like as I said before trying to
address the priest who abuses children
is a product of Christianity but that's
my way let me say I've been married for
50 years I got to get this then and I
agree with everything you just said okay
but Bill Maher goes on to suggest no
isn't that Trump is basically right here
and you guys and he's and what he's
saying is practical I know what he's
saying is practical this is this is
right right all of this is right this is
where Trump should be hitting back hard
and the media could enjoy anything about
it most Americans agree there should be
when he says racial profiling he's wrong
it's behavioral profiling is what the
Israelis use the Israelis look at a list
of criteria and then they determine
whether they think somebody's a threat
if somebody is is in Arab but there are
Bedouins then they get less scrutiny
than if they're an Arab who's a Muslim
who goes to a terror connected mosque
right Israel actually goes through a
list of behavioral specifications and
then they profile according to that so
does everybody else in law enforcement
they're just - they're just politically
correct to admit it Trump would be on
good ground there right he would be on
good ground there but Trump can't help
himself he can't help himself and so
let's go back to now clip did this
would-be clip six Donald Trump right he
he can't help himself he says over the
weekend that he wants to if you're on a
terror watchlist you shouldn't be able
to buy a gun I want to just find out
their thinking because what I want and I
know what they want they wanted as much
as anybody in the world they want to
make sure the terrorists don't get guns
and I know that something really good is
come out of all of this what is it your
position that if you're on that terror
watchlist if you're on that no-fly list
you should not be able to buy a gun I'd
like to see that and I'd like to say it
and it's simpler it's just simpler now
but what they say and I understand that
also is the Second Amendment they're
depriving them of those rights and that
it could be that people are on there
that shouldn't be on you know etc etc so
we have to make sure that people that
are terrorists or have even an
inclination to a terrorism can not buy
weapons guns could you get the error and
our a to budge on this because they've
had a firm they're against this idea
well you're obviously Pro Second
Amendment nobody doubts this is a
movement and a pro NRA and you know they
gave me I think the earliest endorsement
they've ever given to anybody I'll talk
to them and by the way they have I
understand exactly what they're saying
you know a lot of people are on the list
that that really maybe shouldn't be on
the list and you know their rights are
being taken away so I understand that
okay so he's saying that he's trying to
bridge the gap here at the NRA but he's
saying something he's saying exactly
what Hillary Clinton is saying if you're
on the terror watch list then you have
to be prevented from getting a gun and
now he's forcing the NRA into this
defensive position here's the NRA is
Chris Cox now again we could all be on
the same page here we could all be on
the same page this is so easy this isn't
about the terror watchlist this is about
the FBI needs to do its job
and the FBI needs to look at radical
jihad ease and they need to take a
serious look and they need to keep
monitoring them and they can't let them
go and they can't pretend that they
didn't see them but instead we get into
these internecine debates because donald
trump is incompetent here's chris cox
from the nra if trump asks you to
support the idea of an outright ban on
sales for somebody on the no-fly list or
the terrorist list would you budge on
that would you change your position on
this our position is has been the same
consistently we would not think so your
you will not change
we support senator Cornyn's approach was
just a bailer but if he asks you're not
going to change your position on this
there there's not a difference between
what mr. Trump is saying what the NRA is
position is that's the media create a
diversion there okay so again the the
Trump is unable to to bring it together
and this is the big problem with Trump
right so it should be a golden moment
for Donald Trump because the Obama
administration is evil on this this is
evil the Hillary Clinton campaign
repeats this nonsense ad nauseam more
Americans will die because of it it's
just terrible all the way through
but Trump has no capacity to pull it
together and just getting more and more
and more uncomfortable so Chris Wallace
on Fox News he has on Jeff Sessions Jeff
sessions by the way we now found out
that this was not supposed to be Jeff
Sessions it was supposed to be Corey
Lewandowski who's booked for Fox News
Sunday but he'd been covertly fired and
nobody wanted to tell him so instead
it's Jeff Sessions the senator from
Alabama on with Chris Wallace getting
grilled by chris wallace over his
support for trump question do you know
what that's something else
Trump refers to that he thinks that
President Obama has in mind no I don't I
don't know what he's referring to there
but I do believe he is correct to raise
the question that the policies of this
administration from going back to 2011
when we went through all our troops from
Iraq and allowed Isis to form and become
an entity probably would never have
happened to otherwise it's certainly not
spread as much as it has so I think he
forgive me I just want to go through
some what Trump said he said either he
doesn't get it or he gets it better than
anyone understands he's got something
else in mind
I mean that certainly seems to imply
that somehow he is sympathetic to
radical Islam no I don't think he means
that but I think he's going I think he's
a criticize him President Obama for
going too far to not understanding the
threat the president and Hillary Clinton
now says she wants to go from 10,000
Syrian refugees to 65,000 so more
awkward talk with Paul Ryan the Speaker
of the House Paul Ryan can't stand this
Paul Ryan is looking around going what
did I get myself into here I mean the
Speaker of the House and clearly I can't
stand anything that Donald Trump is
saying and even when I can stand what
Donald Trump is saying he's still
getting me into trouble and so here's
Paul Ryan being being grilled by Chuck
Todd over his support for Donald Trump
and it's awkward land with with Paul
Ryan my place is because of again this
role I have which I feel has very
important responsibilities is to call
balls and strikes and just play it by
the rules so it is not my job to tell
the delegates what to do what not to do
or to weigh in on things like that they
write the rules they make their
decisions all I want to make sure is
it's done above board clearly honestly
and by the
rulz so I see my role now given that
he's got the plurality he actually one
is pretty much a ceremonial position but
the last thing I'm gonna do is weigh in
and tell the delegates what to do how to
do that all right well I guess so if
they decide to change the rules and
that's which they can do you're
comfortable with however they should
you're asking the wrong person you
should ask the party you should ask
Reince Priebus you should ask the
delegates I think the rules committee
meets that week before slavery but which
but if you have an opinion on this
analogous to them my opinion is not
relevant here I'm not going to tell the
delegates how they should do their jobs
because I am chair the convention okay
so he's basically saying guys guys
secretly if you don't vote for Trump I'm
gonna be cool with that but I can't say
that because I have to unify the party
because that's my job here this is so
uncomfortable I'm gonna go lift weights
with my hat on backwards that's that's
what I need to do right now and so Paul
Ryan just looking SuperDuper
uncomfortable the senator ron johnson
from from wisconsin he's starting to
voice the opinion that's beginning to be
heard all across the fruited plain that
donald trump cannot be the nominee
because he's incompetent he says that
trumps nomination is reasonably
uncertain this is him on CNN talking
about it it's been my intention to
support the Republican nominee and again
nobody can predict the outcome of this
thing so I think having things that
remain reasonably uncertain but I
support I intend to support the
Republican nominee and certainly support
the areas of agreement growing our
economy defeating Isis strengthen our
military securing our border I mean
those know two people agree a hundred
Senate on everything so I'll support the
areas of agreement okay so he says that
he that it's not it's unsure so there's
this burgeoning feeling and I'm gonna
talk about this for a second there's
burgeoning feeling that Republicans may
dump Trump at the convention it's not
going to happen they're not gonna dump
Trump at the convention he's going to be
the nominee they don't have the guts to
pull the trigger because the reality
right now is that if they were to oust
Trump as the nominee they lose 40% of
their base all of whom are super ticked
and walk away if they keep Trump as the
nominee they get destroyed Donald Trump
right now according to every poll is
performing about the same as Romney did
in the swing states which is to say he's
going to lose most of them he's
performing significantly worse than
Romney was in all of the
State he's now put Arizona in play he's
played Utah in play he's running behind
in Kansas Hillary Clinton could win 400
electoral votes and it's not because of
people like me it's because Donald Trump
has no capacity to run a campaign and
this is one of the great lies of his
campaign all along with it he's this
great businessman will be able to throw
things together
no Donald Trump is good at one thing
really one thing and that is making
headlines and he's doing it every day
he's great at it he's a man he's a
headline manufacturing machine right
right out of that that crazy Gore
covered in that crazy hair come
headlines every single day lots and lots
and lots of headlines some are good some
are bad
most are crazy it doesn't really matter
bottom line is he has no capacity to run
a campaign so people are looking around
going why can't he organize anything
because he was never able to organize
anything this hasn't been an organized
run for the presidency I mean he said
himself he doesn't think that he's gonna
have to have people on the ground he
said he's just gonna do big rallies
that's somebody who's used to branding
that's not somebody who's used to
running a business again he has 30
campaign staff 33 zero we have more
people in phthalic working in this
office 30 campaign staff right over the
course of Hillary already has 700 people
Donald Trump said he was gonna spend 600
million of his own dollars on this
campaign he has spent a grand goose egg
and Hillary's already spent 23 million
in the in the in the battleground states
so Trump has problems but does that mean
that the Republicans will stop him no
they won't because they're stuck in this
catch-22 situation people are already
you can see it inside the Trump campaign
people are already starting to figure
how do we spin this if he gets just
destroyed in the election how do you who
do we blame who do we blame and
unfortunately it's not too early to talk
about this if Trump loses big the
question is going to be how this breaks
down for the next time and it's in I
will say this all you anti-establishment
folks who went for Trump you did the
anti-establishment a real disservice
because if Trump loses and loses big if
he loses historically big if he loses
Barry Goldwater big which is a
possibility if Donald Trump really gets
destroyed the establishment the Jeb Bush
types the Marco Rubio types they're
gonna come back in and they're gonna say
look we handed this to you guys you got
it you took it you took it from us and
now look what you did
now look what you did right we let you
play in the kitchen you turned on the
oven and shoved your head inside now
look what you did we need the control
again and the conservatives people like
me who didn't support Trump we're gonna
be sad
on the sign thing that's going hey look
over here look over here right we didn't
support Trump the establishment like
Trump more than I did but the
establishment say yeah but you Cruz
people you and Trump were in the same
anti-establishment boat so in given the
anti-establishment choice between Trump
and Cruz people chose Trump and now
they're gonna have to ride that that
slow boat to China while the
establishment reasserts control if Trump
loses big it's really the worst case
scenario for everybody
what's what's going on with Trump right
now and Trump knows it I mean he's
yelling and insurgent Republicans he's
saying that that he's very upset that
people are talking about taking away his
nomination and who is he attacking he's
attacking Jeb Bush and he's attacking
Ted Cruz Ted Kerr than doing anything
okay Cruz is like sitting around doing
nothing with his life right now he's
making speeches in the Senate and he's
kind of running away from the media
that's that's Ted Cruz's job right now
and as for the and as for Jeb Bush Jeb
Bush seriously isn't doing anything Jeb
Bush is doing what he does during his
down time he's unplugging and when I say
unplugging I mean they've literally
taken out his plug and he's like c-3po
when you take out his plug he's just
sitting there in a dead slack trance
staring at a blank wall Jeb Bush he's
not orchestrating anything but Trump is
so incapable of just focusing his
campaign Thank You Hugh it came out last
week he said well if Trump would run a
focused campaign he could beat Hillary
Clinton right and if the narcoleptic
puppy could stay awake then I'm sure
that it would chase that burglar out of
the house but it turns out that Trump
has no capacity to do any of these
things he's just not capable of doing it
if any and he's puzzled because all the
people who were for him are now up
against him Joe Scarborough Mika
Brzezinski look at Mika Brzezinski
Brzezinski was drooling all over herself
for Donald Trump people thought that
Mika Brzezinski was gonna be his new
press secretary if Katrina Pierson ever
got tired of the crazy eyes so here's
Mika Brzezinski now talking about Trump
before this time in the process someone
like Donald Trump would be not just
talking to his team but talking to
foreign policy leaders talking to
foreign politicians talking to world
leaders reading learning about how to
couch certain statements and to be very
careful about your words and instead
he is literally still vomiting out
anything he thinks at the tip of his
head that he might have seen on TV and I
don't know what channel recently and
it's it's pathetic
number one it's sad for the party it's
sad for the country and it's sad for his
candidacy which could have done so much
and she's so she loved Trump she drove
him to this but again Trump had that I
wish to God that we had this is the
problem I talked to I was talking to a
friend yesterday was saying Trump was
the best puncher in the campaign right
in the primaries there's no question
who's the best puncher he had the most
punching power
he was routinely knocking Jeb Bush off
the stage almost physically almost
bodily during the campaign you just see
Jeb standing there and suddenly Trump
would just go boom and she would go
flying off the stage and there be a Jeb
sized hole in the wall like in a cartoon
but he should be doing that to Hillary
and he's not talking to Hillary's doing
it to himself with the Lewandowski mass
and now with the and now and with his
various comments about everything
ranging from Mexican judges to President
Obama being a secret Muslim to not
knowing what to say about guns over the
weekend by the way Donald Trump actually
said something else about gun so last
week he said that he wants everyone on
the terror watch list to be stopped from
purchasing a gun this weekend he said ok
by the way remember last week when I
said it would be good if people inside
polls had been armed well now you know I
think that nobody should have been armed
they're the only people who've been
armed were security guards
is he kidding has somebody said to him
you want drunk people armed and he's too
stupid to say no I want sober people
armed so instead of him just saying no I
want sober people arms there's nobody
nobody in the bar should be armed
instead what we really should have is we
should have security guards which is not
what he said last week so he's just all
over the place and they're so vulnerable
here's Hillary Clinton and Hillary is
the worst she's the worst don't mistake
on this ok my criticism of Trump because
I want him to be better at this I want
Trump not to be Trump I want Hillary to
fall into a black hole okay Hillary
Clinton here is Hillary Clinton over the
weekend talking about Trump and radical
Islam I mean Hillary is just she's the
worst she's awful she's so terrible
she's so bad and Trump can't overcome
this he can't really come on
guess the criticism in in his on his
part is that you're exalting nice ease
or political correctness
Oh
just calling something what it is a
vicious vicious distortion of Islam well
look I think Trump as usual is obsessed
with name-calling and from my
perspective it matters what we do not
what we say it mattered that we got bin
Laden not what name we called him but if
he is somehow suggesting I don't call
this for what it is he hasn't been
listening I have clearly said that we
face terrorists enemies who use Islam to
justify slaughtering innocent people we
have to stop them and we will we have to
defeat radical jihadist terrorism and we
will and to me radical jihadism radical
Islamism I think they mean the same
thing I'm happy to say either but that's
not the point all this talk and you know
demagoguery and you know rhetoric is not
going to solve the problem
I'm not going to demonize and demagogue
and declare war on an entire religion no
stop her talking she's so bad at this
she's so terrible at this her face opens
and stupid sounds come out all the time
I'm not gonna demagogue an entire
religion no one's talking about
demagoguing an entire religion we're
talking about the fact that all of the
devotees of radical Islam have something
to do with a religion that rhymes with
sis LOM okay this is this is not saying
the entire religion is terrorists it's
saying that everybody who's a terrorist
who's serious terrorist happens to be
part of this particular religion that
doesn't mean everybody's a part of the
religion is a terrorist this is the same
argument when when idiots this is like
Hillary Clinton sitting there and saying
if we say squares are bad right so we
have to look inside the category of
rectangles to find all the squares like
Hillary saying but you're saying all the
rectangles are bad no I'm not saying all
the rectangles are bad right every
square is a rectangle but not every
rectangle is a square you dunce
but Trump doesn't have the capacity for
that Trump is just busy being Trump and
this is the problem Trump can't stop
being from no matter what he does you
can't stop being Trump and in the chaos
and confusion lack of basic skills it's
such a blown opportunity it's gut
churning for this it for this
opportunity to be blown in a magnitude
this large okay time for some things I
like
and then some things that I hate okay
things that I like so last night the
Cleveland Cavaliers won the championship
in basketball they won the NBA
championship and I know everybody's
looking forward to the WNBA championship
game wait where'd everybody go
wait oh yeah no they did sorry that's
not a real thing in any case the
Cleveland Cavaliers won and they came
back from a 3-1 deficit to do it all the
pressure was on LeBron all credit to
LeBron
I tweeted out last night one Jordan to
LeBron saying Jordan is still the
all-time greatest player and some people
were ticked at me like I was trying to
talk down LeBron no I had LeBron don't
like number six before now I have him in
number two he just Scott he just vaulted
over Kareem and Bill Russell and a bunch
of other great players to get to number
two all the pressure was on him last
night
and he performed Steph Curry did not
Steph Curry barely showed up he scored
17 points his for for 16 from the field
or something and and and LeBron was
dominant LeBron led both teams both
teams for the finals in point blocks
assists steals and rebounds that's
insane every statistical category who
lied he's an amazing players an amazing
player now one quick criticism he went
out there after the game then he said
you know sometimes God just make gives
you the hardest possible path and quite
the hardest possible path okay like you
weren't playing for Milwaukee Bucks dude
right like you came back to Cleveland
after being on a team with the heat that
were good enough to be in the
championship what four straight years
and now you come back and you or three
straight years and you come back to a
team that has two all-stars on it Kyrie
Irving and Kevin Love and a bunch of
good supporting players and then you
dictate to the owner who he's going to
bring in and you get all the credit for
coming back home is that like the
toughest thing I mean come on I mean
like it's it's tough I'm not I'm not
denigrating your efforts here but this
like yeah I'm sorry like you weren't
paralyzed from the waist down it's only
God gave you the biggest challenges so
it's so I just wanted to correct that on
the record a little bit like there was
this whole kind of sainthood that
happened when LeBron went back to
Cleveland people say oh what a sacrifice
he's making they didn't sacrifice money
didn't say he didn't sacrifice prestige
and he didn't sacrifice a good team
because the Heat stink so in any case
that doesn't denigrate his
accomplishments great basketball player
okay time for some things that well
actually let's let's pay quick tribute
to another sports figure of Vin Scully
so Vin Scully who's been the announcer
for the the LA Dodgers for 67 years last
night who's
just talking about socialism in
Venezuela and right now there are riots
and people beating the crap out of each
other over food people getting killed
because socialism is terrible here has
been Scully destroying socialism in like
four sentences in the middle of a
baseball game
socialism failing to work as it always
does this time in Venezuela you talk
about giving everybody something free
and all of a sudden there's no foodie
and who do you think is the richest
person in Venezuela the daughter of Hugo
Chavez hello anyway
oMG I love it I just love it I love the
I love these he kind of just dropped the
reference to socialism just give it like
a full speech in the middle there I
can't wait for his take on the minimum
wage in the middle of the game I think
it'll be fantastic okay time for some
things that I hate so Teen Vogue I all
these teen magazines are now basically
just Cosmo Lite they've decided to treat
fourteen-year-old girls like their 19
year old women and it's really gross
they have a new it they have a new issue
out and the new issue is they want to
teach young girls they want to teach
young girls how to choose their gender
hey hint if you're a girl in your
subscribing a Teen Vogue it's because
your check right if you're a guy and
you're subscribing to Teen Vogue it's
because something okay but if you're a
girl in you're subscribing to Teen Vogue
it's because you're a check so I love
this in answer to a question from a
sexually confused girl who has always
felt like a tomboy but was assigned
female at birth
Leyna solo is a self-styled sex educator
enriching the minds of our youth one
anonymous question about scissoring at a
time I won't even get into what that is
if you have kids in the car explains how
one can transcend biology and figure out
their gender she says we're given such a
simplistic way of looking at gender on
one side is man masculine junk loud
bowtie where on the other is woman
feminine lady part to Muir wears dresses
a first small step is learning the
meaning of different words related to
gender and then she suggests a list of
progressive buzz words butch a gender
gender queer gender non-conforming trans
masculine and transgender all these are
nonsensical terms that don't really mean
anything is there maybe cisgender is
something you identify with being a
woman doesn't have to mean being
conventionally feminine even though
masculinity is feeling really resonant
for you right now
you might find some inspiration and
exploring different expression
of femininity or femme identities and
then she asks the girl that maybe she
wants to change her name or try out some
different gender pronouns maybe you
should try that out because nothing says
to a confused teenage girl that you're
going to be healthy quite like saying
that you should experiment with changing
your gender pronouns and start calling
yourself Bob nothing nothing is gonna
make you mentally healthier than that
this is what the left wants to do
whenever the left says that all this is
about is the kids who are already
suffering from from gender dysphoria at
such nonsense they're recruiting kids to
gender dysphoria they're recruiting kids
to confusion and mental illness because
what they want to do is establish this
broader rule that there's no such thing
as gender and the gender can be chosen
and if kids have to be victimized along
the way this is what they do it Rousseau
famously wrote this book called a meal
and in this book a meal
he said kids should basically just be
led to their education should be roaming
free on the plains and they should run
around and learn everything for
themselves and somebody once went to him
and said I've been taking you up on this
Andrew said what are you crazy
already out of your mind why would you
do that like you have to teach your kids
right from wrong and not just right from
wrong you do have to teach kids aspects
of identity that are important right who
they are in fact what's amazing is the
left will teach you the left will teach
you that a girl who is 1/64 Cherokee has
to be seized from her foster home and
put in a Native American household right
these he's from the only home she's ever
known be put with relatives she's never
met before based on the fact that her
Cherokee identity must be reimplemented
but if she's a girl and her parents tell
her she's a girl and she said I feel
like a tomboy I said well that's okay
there are some girls for tomboys then we
have to take her out of the house and
hand her over to Child Protective
Services
so racial identity has to be reinforced
by society but gender identity cannot be
reinforced by society you can't tell a
girl that she's a girl because you might
be damaging her nothing is more damaging
to a confused girl who's just having the
hormones hit then telling her you might
be a guy what what's sick nonsense what
what what perverse insane nonsense and
what what damage they do to children
they don't care they don't have kids
anyway well think about kids and then
the left the left despises society with
children because a society with children
means that I prefer my children over the
society and I do I prefer my kids I
favor my kids over your kids you favor
your kids over my kids that's the way it
should be and we've learned to live in a
society where we have our differences
based on the idea that I don't want you
to hurt
my kids and you don't want me to hurt
your kids right that's how we have a
society the left has all this is bad we
can't have a collective society together
unless we hand over our children to the
collective unless it takes a village to
raise a child as Hillary Clinton
infamously put it okay final thing that
I hate John Oliver who is one of these
people there's a whole group of people
in American life where they have British
accents and so we consider it consider
them intelligent and I'm not sure why
this is I don't know what what weird
hang-up we have in our brains or certain
aspects are sort of connected in our
minds to levels of intelligently if
somebody has a southern accent there's a
tendency in the media to play them like
they're dumb and if somebody's a British
accent there's an attempt to play them
like they're like they're smart okay
this is John Oliver's is a symptom of
one of these John Oliver who looks very
much like like Sam the Eagle here Mr
Bean that's not a bad call but yeah he
looks like he to me he's seen Sam the
Eagle in this particular in this
particular photo and you need to you
need to subscribe to daily wires he can
see what I'm looking like looking at he
he he looks like the muppet but in any
case John Oliver is very upset about
brexit this is Great Britain exiting the
European Union the reason people want to
do this is they don't want to be
connected with the European Union's
immigration policy they also don't want
to be connected with the European
Union's economic policy Great Britain
has never adopted the Euro they've
always used the pound because they
didn't want to be sucked into the great
maw of socialism that was the rest of
the continent it's bad enough in London
it's bad enough in Britain they didn't
want to be responsible for Greece's debt
well John Oliver is fighting mad about
this and because he's British we're
supposed to listen to him a brexit or
British exit could have wide-ranging
implications both for the UK and the
world's economy and first it might help
to understand what the European Union
actually is the idea for it came after
the Second World War when it was
understandably a desire to keep the
continent from tearing itself apart yet
again and it has since evolved into an
economic union of 28 countries whose
citizens can trade and move freely
across borders and who negotiate
international agreements as a bloc but
despite being a member Britain has
always had an arm's length relationship
with the EU for instance it doesn't use
the euro and some British politicians
have been openly hostile right to the
face of EU officials I don't want to be
rude
but you have the charisma of a damp rag
and the appearance of a low-grade bank
clerk and the question that I want to
ask that we're all gonna ask is who are
you I've never heard of you nobody in
Europe but ever heard of you that is
painful to watch and not just because
all of those insults are things people
in the UK have said about me and look
look the EU is not perfect it's large
confounding and relentlessly
bureaucratic think of it like Gerard
Depardieu
it's an unwieldy European body that's a
source of great bewilderment but Britain
leaving it would be a huge destabilizing
decision it is hard for me to overstate
to you how poisonous things have become
in England
just this week MP Joe Cox was killed in
the street and the man charged for it
gave his name in court as death to
traitors freedom for Britain and in that
cauldron people are being asked to make
a major political decision and
incidentally regarding immigration even
if you believe tightening Porter's is
what Britain needs to do you should know
that opting out of the EU will not
necessarily enable Britain to do that
leaving the EU does that mean the UK
gets control of its borders
um it could do if we were to completely
cut ourselves off from the rest of
Europe we could certainly choose to end
migration for you but if we want to
remain part of the single market that
means accepting free mobility of labour
both into and out of the UK of course
because if Britain wants a good trade
deal with the EU it's probably gonna
have to abide by most anything he's
ripping under and the brighter the fact
is that some of this is untrue so when
it was so the fact is if Britain were to
leave the EU which I think that at this
point there's a good case they should do
if Britain were to leave the EU and they
could renegotiate their own deal with
the EU right it wouldn't just be they
would suddenly be out of trade
completely with the EU they would just
say okay we're gonna negotiate a new
trade deal where there's no mobility of
labour or less mobility of labour and
we're not gonna take in people from
certain countries they can negotiate the
same way that the United States
negotiates with the EU we have free
trade basically with Europe we have very
very free trade with Europe and so but
we don't accept all of their all of
their immigrants we don't have to accept
any of them if we don't want to
presumably so you know that but the idea
here is that John now
who knows of what he speaks I will also
object to the idea that this this
British politician gets killed by a guy
who is right-wing and it is amazing how
the folks on the left and it's it's
terrible it's a terrible story it's
amazing how the folks on the Left are
willing to say it's political motivation
that leads to that death but in Orlando
Florida no political motivation leads to
the murder of 50 Americans there it just
has to do with the gun
okay well we'll be back tomorrow there's
plenty more to talk about and I'm sure
that there will be more fallout from
from Corey Lewandowski apparently he and
Paul Manafort are currently going at it
fighting with each other which is just
amusing beyond all beyond all measure
I'm sure he'll what a Clint will do
something criminal and I'm sure Donald
Trump will say something else that puts
him in the headlines so we'll have a
show in other words i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show
