California lawmakers are considering a
bill that would make it illegal to deny
that the climate is changing
catastrophic ly due to human activity
the bill if it becomes law would solve
the pressing problem of California
lawmakers having too much time on their
hands and being unable to get dates
the California bill would punish climate
change denial by forcing the denier to
stand outside until the climate changed
catastrophic ly causing him intense
suffering or until he died of old age
whichever came first among other things
the bill would make it illegal to point
out that every single prediction ever
made by a climate alarmist has turned
out to be utterly false so for instance
in 1989 United Nations environmental
official Noll Brown warned that we had
only a decade before entire nations were
wiped off the face of the earth due to
climate change under the new law
Californians will now be forced to say
he was correct and entire nations will
be deemed not to exist beginning with
Venezuela
likewise in 2009 UK Prime Minister
Gordon Brown said there were only 50
days left to save the world under the
California law the world will be deemed
to no longer exist and talking about the
world as if it were still there or
taking a walk in the world as if it
continued to be under your feet will be
punishable by fine and imprisonment
California state senators lack jhamak
stupid-face issued a statement about the
bill saying quote climate change denial
can not be allowed because we're running
out of time it's now June and in as
little as two months it could get so hot
that people will be forced to move to
the coasts and strip down to skimpy
clothing and even throw themselves into
the ocean to cool off soon they may be
reduced to throwing large multicolored
balls back and forth over the sand or
standing on long polyurethane boards to
enable them to ride over the waves while
shouting cowabunga you can laugh all you
want but this nightmare could really
happen unquote
California lawmakers say climate change
denial could also hurt the local economy
in Hollywood by making environmentalist
movie actors look like olive oil
buffoons who had fallen for ridiculous
hoaxes obviously designed to scare
people into accepting more government
control over their lives California
state Assemblywoman Catherine gasbag
told reporters quote who would want to
go see Leonardo DiCaprio chase down the
master
criminal or save the world from aliens
if they know in real life he'll believe
any damn thing anyone tells him like
some kind of child or something
the California bill was written by Jose
self-deception ATO the same man who
wrote the New York City law making it a
crime to call a woman a man to call a
man a man if he says he's a woman
self-deception Otto says quote I dream
of a day when speaking the truth will be
outlawed everywhere when that day comes
it won't just be morning in America
it'll be good morning america in America
all day long
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show I'm
choking on the stupidity of California
I'm sorry I have the stupidity of
California stuck in my throat I think is
the problem
so it's California California which
always believes it's the center of the
world is now the center of the world
here we are we're having the big primary
and there's one in New Jersey and a
couple of other of those flyover States
somewhere I don't know where who knows
where they said that this will decide
and now the press has moved into full
dirtbag mode it says it's as if the
media had a headquarters somewhere like
in that film with Jim Carrey where they
got sits in the moon and Ben who runs
the people's law you know it's like
somebody's going like ah we're moving
into dirtbag mode now start lying about
everything you know oh yeah the thing is
we now have the two candidates pretty
much so but but Hillary is in danger of
being humiliated in California I don't
actually think that's gonna happen just
judging by the way the Sanders people
and the Hillary people are talking but
it could she could actually be
humiliated in the biggest bluest state
in the Union so what does the press do
they declare her the victor they declare
yesterday Associated Press comes out an
NBC follow suit and they declared that
Hillary has now won the nomination she
has enough delegates here's chris hayes
the snarky guy from wherever he is MSNBC
announcing that it's all over so there's
no reason to go to the polls the reason
the AP has made this call and NBC News
is now making this call is that
additional super-delegates have been
interviewed who have pledged and
committed to reporters to our news
agency to aap they will indeed be
supporting Hillary Clinton those
additional super-delegates are what are
pushing
Clinton above the 2,383 needed in total
to get to the nomination that said I
should be very clear nothing has changed
with respect to pledged delegates and
there's still a lot of those on stake
and tomorrow we expect she will clinch
the lead in pledged delegates which if
you're someone who worries mostly about
what the voters in the Democratic Party
say as opposed to the leaders that is
the number that has been key it's the
number that makes it almost impossible
to overturn but right now NBC News do
two interviews with super-delegates is
declaring that she has reached the
threshold above 2,383 to be the
presumptive nominee for the Democratic
Party hold the press big news nothing
has changed this and this and this was
reported in in the Wall Street Journal
in The New York Times it was reported
everywhere and the reason it's baloney
the reason it's complete nonsense
is because the super-delegates don't
vote until the convention so they can
you can call them up and interview them
and they can say yeah I'm voting for
Hillary but she could be indicted they
she could be carted away you can't take
me you lousy screws on the Democrat
nominee
I think Lange you know she could be
behind bars you know I used to be I used
to be that Democrat nominee you'll never
take me alive anything could happen and
so this is a non news story but you know
why why suddenly is this a news story
why suddenly does the AP get on the
phone and start calling these
super-delegates who you know I mean
super-delegates are out saving cities
they're rescuing Lois Lane they you know
they've been on that they they're busy
they're busy and suddenly they're
calling them up why suddenly well
because she could get humiliated in
California and if she's humiliated in
California what's that gonna mean it's
gonna mean they could still be an open
convention Bernie Sanders you know has
no reason to step down and that means
that Donald Trump could could start to
win so Hillary can now smell this thing
right and she has put in do we do you
remember the Manchurian Candidate not
that new one the old one with Frank
Sinatra where the the guy is is
brainwashed and whenever he sees the
queen of diamonds
he becomes a Chinese agent so there's
this one scene where the beautiful girl
shows up with the queen of diamonds
so remember Trump said that Hillary was
playing the the woman card
well now
looks like this she's got woman car she
is throwing this she is all in she is
all in so they asked her here she is
talking about how important it is that
the first woman be elected president my
supporters are passionate they are
committed they have voted for me in
great numbers across our country for
many reasons but among those reasons is
their belief that having a woman
president will make a great statement a
historic statement about what kind of
country we are what we stand for it's
really emotional and I am someone who
has been very touched and really
encouraged by this extraordinary
conviction that people have it's
predominantly women and girls but not
exclusively men bring their daughters to
meet me and tell me that they are
supporting me because of their daughters
and I do think it will make a very big
difference for a father or a mother to
be able to look at their daughter just
like they can look at their son and say
you can be anything you want to be in
this country including President of the
United States I'm so moved and you know
she and she and she sounds he said she's
like dead I'm dead inside and searched
for power so long that it's eaten my
soul and I nothing to offer anyone but
I'm still say these words come out of my
mouth and I rise from the dead you know
so so okay so she's playing the woman
card with everything she's got she is
now dressed in the woman card like the
girl in the Manchurian Candidate and the
media take this up here is this this is
an astounding for me a piece of paper I
purposely left in the first part it's a
little hard to hear Bernie Sanders is
giving a press conference and this Dame
reporter starts shouting her question
and it's such an important question it's
such an that she won't Sanders in case
you can't see it and you should be able
to see it because you should subscribe
you should be subscribing so you can
because the mailbag is tomorrow right so
you've got
subscribe so you can be in the mailbag
and so you can see the stuff but for
those of you who can't see you know you
may be living on a pension you don't
want to bend the $8 a month it takes to
subscribe I'll describe is do Bernie is
trying to call on a reporter and this
wim woman will not shut up she's got
this question it's so important the
entire fate of the Republic hangs on
this question and cuz it's a little hard
to hear I'll tell you what she says she
see the question she asks him is what do
you say to women who say it's sexist of
you to stay in the race because you're
still in the wake of the first female
president and let this question needs to
be asked right because what a horrible
thing for Bernie to do she's taking up
the woman card so listen to listen to
Bernie trying not to call he's trying to
call on somebody else but the woman will
not let him do it
well you're the hands are up this would
be the first female presence on the
stage question that any woman who is
running for president anyone who opposes
Europe your question implies that any
woman that any person any woman who is
running for president is by definition
the best candidate so any woman who runs
thank you gamma had to say that it is
sexist that any so if Hillary Clinton
runs for president is your point that it
is sexist for any man to oppose well
that's another point that is me that is
like well I don't think it is sexist I
think the issue is first of all our
focus right now is running and winning
right here in California oh and the
point that I have made is that it is
absolutely imperative that we defeat
Donald Trump as president of the United
as a candidate for president of the
United States I believe I'm the stronger
candidate you know how when the
Democrats when the left talked about
supporting black people their idea of
black people is always the
worst person it's always the thug on the
street and the hoodie with his pants
hanging down that that's supposed to be
black culture to them you know it's not
the cop who shoots this kid who needs to
be shot you know it's not the black cop
he he goes on trial because he's just
looked like an arm of white power it's
when eight whatever same thing with
women you know when they talk about
women it's women like that that noisy
shrill woman who will not stand down
until she asks a meaningless stupid
senseless question it's not like it's
not like Bernie you know did I see you
coming out of like a bordello you know
Bernie they're like did you did you rip
off Vermont by stealing money no it's
like aren't you a sexist for still being
for still living you shouldn't you be
dead by now right now we're trying to
get a woman into office and meanwhile
Bernie who has been Bernie in a lot of
ways has been one of the worst
candidates ever because because the
funny thing is is like guys like
communists and yesterday we're talking
about Muhammad Ali going over to the the
black Muslims basically these guys one
of the ways they gain power and one of
the ways they become appealing is they
come into a democratic pluralistic
society which tends toward corruption
Democrat societies get corrupt you know
because there's gets to be cronyism
people buy people off and these true
believers these Nazis these communists
these black Muslims they not corrupt
they're not corrupt things about Bernie
is he's an honest terrible person
supporting a terrible philosophy I mean
this is a guy who took his honeymoon in
the Soviet Union while people were being
tormented in gulag and all this stuff so
he's not you know he's not really a
moral person but he is not corrupt and
he believes in this thing one of the
reasons he'd been such a terrible
candidate is he won't hit Hillary where
she lives on her corruption you know
forget about the Damn emails
and now finally as the as the curtain is
drawing to a close as he's obviously
getting a little desperate finally he
goes on with Jake Tapper and he he talks
about the Clinton Foundation I mean this
thing is so dirty this Clinton
Foundation we're we won't talk about at
all today but there's so much stuff
behind it but one of the things behind
it is that it is taken somewhere like a
hundred million dollars from these
horrible
Muslim states like Saudi Arabia where
women are treated like garbage women are
treated women can't drive in Saudi
Arabia let alone do anything you know
they can't go out so so here's Bernie
finally coming out and saying maybe this
bothers them a little bit you know you
have not been critical of the Clinton
Foundation but but there are those who
say that there's something inherently
wrong with an American charity
especially one with ties to a Secretary
of State taking money from the Saudis
and other foreign governments that don't
represent our values is that a fair
criticism yes it is if you ask me about
the Clinton Foundation do I have a
problem when a sitting Secretary of
State and a foundation run by her
husband collects many millions of
dollars from foreign governments
governments which are dictatorships you
don't have a lot of civil liberties or
democratic rights in Saudi Arabia you
don't have a lot of respect there for
divergent for opposition points of view
for gay rights for women's rights yeah
the Zweifel problem is I do you think it
creates an appearance of conflict
evangelism I do so so the left has been
trying this year because they're always
looking for new things to be outraged
about they're always looking for
injustice and now they've gotten down to
like finding individuals who have
injustice against them they keep turning
them into a movement the left has been
trying to convince us that your
genitalia is not what determines your
sex so you might have male genitalia but
you can declare your woman vice versa
but the only thing that Hillary Clinton
offers women the only thing Hillary
Clinton offers women is basically her
body makeup I mean that's it because
she's taking money from these places and
it it looks like at least there was the
appearance of doing favors for these
places that treat women terribly that
treat women like you know property
basically and and do things that no
Western man no Western government would
think to do would ever think to do and
and so it's and so it's just it's
completely ridiculous what's going on
now this this corruption is only part of
what the press is he's not looking at I
mean you know this is this is a little
bit of a tangent but it's worth talking
about you know that gorilla I haven't
talked about the gorilla and the reason
I didn't talk about the gorillas cuz I
don't care about the gorillas you know I
will tell you all in all honesty I love
animals I can sit and watch animals
forever they come about hundred on my
list of important living things the
first 99 are human beings all of them
okay and then I get two animals but I do
love them and one of the things I hate
about PETA and all these radicals is
they they make the argument for treating
animals better which we should they make
it ridiculous you know they put they put
human beings second to animals and
animals all of that all of the worth of
animals comes from human beings nothing
is fast unless a human being sees it
because the word fast the concept of
fast only exists in the mind of human
beings nothing is beautiful except a
human being sees it because that exists
only in the mind of human beings also in
the mind of God but that's not here on
earth your honor that's all in the mind
of human beings so human beings are what
give animals their value so they shoot
the gorilla the gorilla grodd the a kid
falls into the gorilla enclosure at the
zoo they shoot the girl out they had to
there was no question there's no
controversy there listen to this though
on Saturday gorilla named Rama he was
shot after a toddler fell into the
animals enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo
last year the masked Isis militants
forced 21 Coptic Christians to their
knees before beheading them on camera
donning orange jumpsuits the Christian
men were martyred on a libyan beach we
all remember this ABC CBS and NBC spent
six times more on the death of one
gorilla than they did on the mass
execution during their morning and
evening news shows six times more on the
stupid gorilla I mean that gorilla story
it is a story because it's sad you know
it's a it's a precious animal that's the
story we used to call and finally you
know at the end of the news story after
you tell people all the important stuff
you say and finally a sad thing happened
at the Cincinnati Zoo this gorilla got
shot you know you I wonder do you even
know about these 19 News uzd girls did
you hear this this is five days ago they
were burned alive because they refused
to serve as sex slaves of the
to terrorists in Missoula right 19 girls
burned to death you know I heard about
it on Twitter I saw it on Twitter I'm
reading it off a Christian today website
okay that's not what they're not
covering overseas but here this thing
about corruption is amazing yesterday
you may have heard if you were watching
like Fox News or reading the op-ed the
opinion page of The Wall Street Journal
you may have heard that the eternal
revenue the Internal Revenue Service the
Internal Revenue Service finally handed
over the list of organizations it had
targeted for persecution basically
because they were conservative they went
on their computers and they hunted down
words like Tea Party you know Liberty
you know Constitution Patriot those are
the things those are the things they
hunt it down we got to get those
Patriots we got anything that has to do
with Liberty we got to put an end to
that
finally they released this list it's
almost twice as many as they said four
hundred and twenty six groups this is
three years of lawsuits three years of
lawsuits and the list doesn't include
forty groups that have already opted out
of the suit which brings the number to
four hundred and sixty-six the they then
added apparently this is the charge of
the people bringing the suit that they
added a few liberal organizations with
the word occupy in them just a few to
make it seem like maybe they had done
that but those came later this is the
Wall Street Journal on their editorial
page the agency would have turned
wouldn't have turned over even these
names if not for the Sixth Circuit Court
of Appeals which in March excoriated the
IRS for stonewalling on nor Cal's
discovery request and ordered the lists
release I mean this judge finally went
ballistic he really he really gave it to
him enforce have you read about this
anywhere it's I look through the New
York Times maybe it's there maybe it's
there but if it was it's buried I mean
you only have to imagine I know I get I
get even I get tired of saying this but
you only have to imagine if George W
Bush had targeted occupy things if you
targeted anti-war groups I mean this
would have been the movie would be out
by now the movie would be out Sean Penn
and Tom Hanks would be in this movie you
know about the evils of that you know
how do we find it they be heroically
exposing this they'd be running down
dark alley
with you know bullets like passing by
their ears you know as they exposed
george w bush using the IRS at least
it's not the Justice Department oh wait
oh wait the Justice Department US
District Judge Andrew hanen has
instructed US Attorney General Loretta
Lynch to institute a five-year ethics
training program for any lawyer seeking
to appear in any of the 26 states that
participated in the immigration case
this is where they sued saying Barack
Obama did not have the right to give
these people a pass these illegal
immigrants have passed
so these Department of Justice lawyers
went before the judge and said nothing
to hear nothing to see your DOJ lawyers
repeatedly and deliberately lied to the
judge and to the opposing counsel on
several occasions the lawyers assured
the court that the government would not
implement the president's new and
improved immigration policy before a
certain date as they knew very well
though the government had already
processed upward of a hundred thousand
licenses under that policy do Jays
explanation is that it's lawyers lost
focus on the fact they forgot that this
was happening okay that's probably
another lie what am i reading here this
is the this is a the Liberty Law site
sorry that's the Liberty Law site that's
probably another lie the point of
withholding the information was to
prevent the states from requesting a
temporary restraining order so they said
that you know you don't have to restrain
Obama there's nothing to say it's not
happening it's not the same these guys
have got to take an ethics class ethics
class they should take a class in prison
they should think they should take a
license platemaking class you know so
you got you got the IRS has been
corrupted by Barack Obama
you've got the Justice Department has
been corrupted under Barack Obama and
you've got David Brooks at the New York
Times saying it's wonderful there are no
scandals under the Obama administration
isn't it one yeah you know it's like
they create their own reality and then
they live in that reality so it's like
Harambee we've got it we've got a report
on the gorilla harambe because it's it's
in the news it's in the news because
you're putting it in the news it's like
these guys are living in this echo
chamber so it's awful all right but the
own so the about so the scandal the way
this works as we all know right is
during the nomination process as the
parties are picking their candidates the
press goes and supports the most liberal
Republican John Kasich or Jeb Bush or
whatever you know I've pushed that's a
little unfair but no point that either
the weakest guy they'll go after John
McCain that you're Mitt Romney then the
minute the candidates are chosen and the
battle lines are drawn they turn on him
you know it's the coyote effect coyotes
come down this is this is true we have a
lot of coyotes in California up in the
hills where I live coyotes come down and
they'll send a female coyote to entice
male dog away from his home and the
female coyote will come down alone and
lead the male dog away and then the pack
comes out of nowhere surrounds it and
devours the dog this happens all the
time this is the way they work that's
the way the press works the press comes
down they say Oh John McCain you're such
a rebel you're such a maverick you know
you're such a man you're your own man we
love you we love you we love you until
he's running against Barack Obama then
he's the worst person who ever lived
he's angry he's mean he's nasty he's got
funny arms you know there's nothing
right he's corrupt he beats his wife
whatever whatever it is this that's what
they turn on so now they're turning on
Donald Trump and the problem is as you
were warned on this show he fits the
bill he's the guy he's the guy they said
he is you know he's still talking about
this stupid lawsuit about Trump
University where he says the guy can't
give a fair decision because he's a
Mexican the guy's born in a Mexican
descent and you know the problem with
this is is like they will call any of us
racist they will call any Republican
racist but he's racist this is right
that's a racist thing to say so now he's
kind of dialing it back a little bit
he's on with O'Reilly here he is with
his latest manifestation of this I don't
care if the judge is Mexican or not I'm
gonna do great with the Mexican people
because I provide jobs so I don't care
about Mexican but we're being treated
very unfairly built very very unfairly
okay
so wouldn't it have been better than if
you didn't bring up the Mexican thing at
all and just said what you said here
tonight because look you're being sued I
understand we did an analysis
your lawsuits history and you win most
of your lawsuits you're a big guy guys
are gonna come after you you know that
so wouldn't have been better if you just
said look I don't think I may be treated
fairly here's what we have and and let
the Mexican thing alone well the
question was asked to me you know I mean
all these times every time I go I want
to talk about how lousy the economy is I
want to talk about how badly we're doing
against Isis how badly we're doing in
the border but every time I go into a
show all they want to do is talk about
Trump University now I will say this I
think we've turned it because thousands
and thousands of students have signed
documents saying it was a great school
that they learned a lot it was wonderful
they gave it high marks I mean I think
we've turned it so at least by talking
about it people understand it's a civil
lawsuit that should have been dismissed
a long time ago but the judge is
treating me very unfairly all right see
you know the funny thing about this is
is that the thing that makes us doubly
it really is despicable unless you have
proof that a guy did something because
of his Mexican heritage unless you have
some reason to believe you know you've
done the research or he's made a comment
or something you know you just you don't
go racial on the guy who's doing his job
America I mean come on you know that's
the the the left may do that the left
may see everything there a white cop
can't do his job the left does it all
the time oh you were a white cop and he
pulled the trigger you must have been a
racist they do it all the time and
nobody scores the New York Times where
nobody scores but they'll come after
Trump but the problem is this really is
who Trump is and the thing that really
bugs me about this is who cares I mean
is is Trump University's the outcome of
this lawsuit gonna get you a job
is it gonna bring peace is a good to the
middle east is it gonna do you know turn
the economy around he says he wants to
talk about those things but if he wants
to talk about him let him talk about him
he's not talking about that he's talking
about this thing it only matters to him
and by the way you know I have to
mention this David French as I thought
he should the writer from NRO he decided
he was not gonna run the third party I
thought that was the right thing to do
but now he comes out and he tells the
story of people Trump's agents calling
his house and worse than that well let
him let him tell it David French talks
about what Trump people did to him it
was probably one of the more ham-handed
attempts at intimidation which out of
the Trump operation you can expect
things to be
the most incompetent way in individual
calls he said I'm sorry but I've been
asked by the Trump campaign to make sure
that you know David knows that this will
be really really bad for him which you
know I actually learned about this after
I made the decision I yeah I I assumed
if I did this look I have been up
against Trump for some time yeah and the
assault on my family have been
overwhelming just as a writer I mean
that the tray as everyone knows Trump
has an online racist mob that he often
Stokes by retweeting some of these
horrible white supremacists as that
online racist mob is very fond of
pointing out I have a multiracial family
and so they have gone after my youngest
daughter in the worst way imaginable the
worst way it's one of the things they
protect you for having a multiracial
family
you have no idea threats I've had
neighbors who this is months ago but I
don't like the fact that they're shocked
I mean this is stuff we've been going
through here forever i david has a I
think he adopted a girl from Ethiopia
she's I mean she's gorgeous I mean she's
like this beautiful little child big
smile for a face in there you know but
we all we all at the Daily wire know
this stuff well I get it you know the
anti-jew stuff and all this and Shapiro
gets it in spades it is as ugly as it's
possible to be and we don't attribute it
to Trump except Trump doesn't disavow it
and he doesn't do anything to stop it
and they these guys sense something in
Trump that he awakens in them that that
brings them out and you know I have
stopped making predictions about this
election I've just gotten out of the
prediction business because there's so
many twists and turns so many surprises
I'm sure there'll be more but if you
were to just take where we are now and
follow the line the trend we're looking
at a genuine electoral disaster I mean
if just going straight forward you know
and knowing what the press is going to
do knowing who Trump is knowing who
Hillary is and how they're gonna support
her and all this stuff
not only is Trump would would Trump lose
if present trends continue going on from
now but every single person who has said
a nice thing about him every single
Republican politician who has bit the
bullet
supported him is gonna get it in the
neck because suddenly they're all gonna
be have this stuff attributed to them
and in some ways you know we deserve it
this is gonna be into the party for the
rest of us it doesn't matter in a way
who you vote for we're not gonna get
what we want we're conservatives we're
gonna get shafted in this election this
thing we're gonna have to really start
talking about seriously is how we start
to rebuild I mean that is the only thing
cuz this I mean it's it's gonna be
entertaining it's gonna be comical
because human corruption is comical and
entertaining but it's also gonna be a
disaster
unless unless things change unless
things change and things have changed
many times before
all right stuff I like you know I
started out with John liquor a talking
about the night manager so let me go
back to some of John le carré's classics
if you haven't read or seen the movie
the spy who came in from the cold
I recommend the both it is one of the
great spy novels of all time he was
writing at the time when James Bond was
popular and all this so that so that he
was writing something really interesting
and the thing that I want to talk about
just a second is the left when when the
communism failed the left took up a new
tack they understood that they couldn't
promote what had failed that was
obviously a disaster and obviously
created slavery and economic poverty
everywhere so they took up a new tack
and our friend Putin Vladimir Putin is
an expert in this is they never say
what's right they only say what's wrong
they only attack everything so they go
to the evangelicals and they say you
know you guys this this place this
country America allows homosexuality and
the evangelical homosexuality and then
they'll go to another group and they'll
say well this the blacks and say oh this
this country is awful and by but they
never say no where it's better because
you know why it's better nowhere it's
better nowhere this is the best and the
thing about the Soviet Union is it
focused people's attention on that and
so what lecrae did the Caray I think is
a liberal that's my guests but I'm
pretty sure it's true he what he did was
he understood that the West had a lot of
moral emptiness had a lot of moral
problems but it was better than this
slave state and the reason the reason
nobody wants to let on the left wants to
talk about Islam is because it focuses
or will say Islamism let's be fair let's
say Islamism the radical Islam nobody
wants to talk about it is because it
focuses you on what's great about this
country and why this system with all its
terrible terrible problems all its
ignorance all the stupidity all its
Donald Trump's and Hillary Clinton's is
still a remarkable thing we've got going
worth preserving worth fighting for
because it's not bad it's not the
mistreatment of women it's not the
misuse of God it's not that use of God
to oppress people and kill people it's
not you know it may be it may have all
these flaws so here's a scene Richard
Burton and I think it's Oscar Verner
Richard Burton plays a spy an Americans
that British spy who has gone pretended
to go on go over to the East Germans so
he can get information that he needs so
he's actually pretending to be a traitor
and Oscar Verner is questioning him
trying to get it out of him and here's
this kind of complex exchange they have
undermined giving up your country they
holds my country done for me I work for
the service for 18 years and they kick
me out as if it been 18 minutes
why did you work for them well the money
our money it was a job you would have
done it anywhere for anyone
I'm technician fever just the technician
another communist technician I don't
believe in father Christmas I don't
believe in God or Karl Marx I don't
believe in anything that rocks the world
how do you sleep you have to have a
philosophy I reserve the right to be
ignorant
that's the Western Way of life I
couldn't have put it better myself
you think ignorance a valuable
contribution to world knowledge you'll
fight framerates
go to hell look all I want to know is
why what's the motive as a matter of
fact I invented the combustion engine in
the two-way nappy I'm a hero of the
Soviet Union I wear the Order of Lenin
on my rump my man you fool don't you
understand a plain simple muddled
fat-headed human being we have them in
the West you know that's it's a great
exchange and it's a terrific movie and
an excellent excellent book the spy who
came in from the cold by John McCrae
tomorrow we'll have the results from
California and other places those other
places that whose names we can
think of New Jersey's one of them but
that's on the East Coast where things
matter you know but we'll have all the
results and we'll talk about what it all
means and where we stand
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show be there tomorrow I'll see
you then and we'll have the mailbag
