for years Democrats have been lying to
Americans no of course we won't take
your guns they say the latest iteration
of this lie it came last week
courtesy of President Obama he told a
gun shop owner quote first of all the
notion that I or Hillary or Democrats or
whomever you want to choose our
hell-bent on taking away folks as guns
that's just not true and I don't care
how many times the NRA says it well
that's not true on this week with George
Stephanopoulos Hillary was asked about
the Second Amendment Saif innopolis who
makes out with Hillary in his spare time
he asked quote do you believe that an
individual's right to bear arms is a
constitutional right that it's not
linked to service in a militia Hillary
answered quote I think that for most of
our history there was a nuanced reading
of the Second Amendment that would be a
no gang she then added if it is a
constitutional right if then it like
every other constitutional right is
subject to reasonable regulations but
that wasn't the question first off
there's no if in the Second Amendment it
exists it applies personally it always
apply personally only completely
constitutional ignoramuses would argue
that the militia Clause makes gun
ownership dependent on membership in an
organized police force that's just dumb
and historically ignorant but second the
question of reasonable regulation is a
constitutional one there's no definition
of reasonable that Hillary gets to
define the boundaries of gun ownership
any more than reasonable regulations of
the First Amendment allow Hillary to
define the regulations of the First
Amendment to allow her that power would
end in the destruction of gun rights and
here's what she said she said I'm gonna
continue to speak out for comprehensive
background checks closing the gun show
loophole closing the online loophole
closing the so-called Charleston
loophole reversing the bill senator
Sanders voted for and I voted against
giving immunity from liability to gun
makers and sellers comprehensive
background checks require a database of
gun ownership which allows the
government to seize your guns
there is no online loophole if I buy a
gun online it's then shipped to a
federally licensed firearms dealer who
does a background check on me and
Hilary's notion that gun makers should
be liable for a perfectly functioning
gun if a bad guy gets ahold of the gun
that bankrupts the gun companies the
same way that it would bankrupt a car
company if you could sue the car
manufacturer every time somebody misused
and got into a car crash when
effectively bankrupt it would
effectively bankrupt the car business
and that would effectively bankrupt the
gun business
that's Hillary's plan Hillary doesn't
believe in a second Amendment right to
keep and bear arms
she couches it in terms of regulations
then she won't even say that the right
exists in the first place she wants to
reverse Justice Scalia's decision in DC
vs. Heller which simply said what's
obvious individuals have such a right to
keep and bear arms of course Hillary's
coming after our guns there's a reason
Chas consistently over and over again
cited gun confiscation in England and
Australia as her model when Obama said
to the gun shop owner gun sales have
skyrocketed under his tenure this is how
he defended himself so I can't be in
favor of banning guns the gun sales
skyrocketed well that's silly
the reason they skyrocketed is because
we were all afraid he's going to take
our guns who won out and we bought more
of them that fear is justified under
both Obama and Clinton watch for gun
sales and prices to skyrocket in short
order i'm ben shapiro this is the ben
shapiro show tends to demonize people
don't care about your feelings alrighty
folks we have a jam-packed show we have
to speed through it today as we do every
single day the most jam-packed show in
radio slash television slash Internet so
we begin today with Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton is running a horrible
campaign as I've said it's one of the
worst campaigns in the history of
American politics and as I just
mentioned Hillary has basically said now
that she doesn't believe in basic Second
Amendment right so Hillary it was asked
by George Stephanopoulos because I also
said makes out with Hillary in his spare
time the back in his autobiography he
said in 1996 that he and Hillary had a
moment after Bill won re-election in
which Hillary looked at George
Stephanopoulos and said I love you
George and he looked back at her say I
love you too Hillary and then they
started making out until she realized he
wasn't a woman but in any case hillary
says that that she here she's asked by
george stephanopolous objective
journalist George Stephanopoulos she's
asked by George Stephanopoulos if if
there is a right to keep and bear arms
and here's Hillary's answer do you
believe that an individual's right to
bear arms is a constitutional right that
it's not linked to service in a militia
I think that for most of our history
there was a nuanced reading of the
Second Amendment
until the decision by the late Justice
Scalia and there was no argument until
then that localities and states and the
federal government had a right as we do
with every amendment to impose
reasonable regulations so I believe we
can have common-sense gun safety
measures consistent with the Second
Amendment and in fact what I have
proposed is supported by 90% of the
American people and more than 75% of
responsible gun owners so that is
exactly what I think is constitutionally
permissible and once again you have
Donald Trump just making out right two
fabrications accusing me of something
that is absolutely untrue but I'm going
to continue to speak out for
comprehensive background checks closing
the gun show loophole closing the online
loophole closing the so-called
Charleston loophole reversing the bill
that senator Sanders voted for and I
voted against giving immunity from
liability to gun makers and sellers I
think we stopped there she's just--she's
audio death but Hillary Clinton says
that she wants your guns basically but
Donald Trump is lying when he says that
she wants her guns so no Donald Trump is
not lying she does in fact want your
guns she followed that up over the
weekend she was apparently she hasn't
had a press conference in something like
half a year and there's a new report out
saying that she doesn't like talking to
the press she tries to avoid the press
at all costs and look at her
spokespeople try to try to run from this
problem here's Hillary's spokesperson
Brian Fallon saying she doesn't have any
Rautins to talk to the press we're gonna
continue to do national press
availabilities with our traveling press
corps press conferences somebody didn't
hear her for this lack of press
conferences what's the reason why she's
reluctant to give press conferences
there's no reluctance I think that
oftentimes we will do an event at the
end of a at the end of the day we will
do an avail what would be known as an
avail to the people in your business
where she informally comes out after an
event is concluded after she's taken
some photos and some selfies and she'll
literally stand there for 15-20 minutes
and answer questions from her traveling
press corps including the embeds from
the various networks
okay definition of the truth is that she
has spent in the last half-year a grand
total of 46 minutes on such avails so
Hillary's running a bad campaign she's
running a bad campaign everybody knows
it she's a target-rich environment
Bernie Sanders is now threatening that
Hillary Clinton isn't gonna get his
supporters if he if he drops out if he
finishes up Jake Tapper asked him about
this on CNN there's chaos in the
Democratic Party what is your message to
those people obviously you want their
support you want to be the nominee but
but is Bernie or bust a palatable
position well I think to answer your
question the idea that I can snap my
fingers and have millions of supporters
kind of march in line that is not what
our effort is about I think if I am NOT
the nominee and we're gonna fight to
become the nominee
it is secretary Clinton's job to explain
to those people why she should be why
she should get their support and that
means she's gonna have to address they
need Secretary Clinton is gonna have to
make the convincing argument to them
that how could it be that she's getting
huge amounts of money from Wall Street
and other powerful special interests and
she is gonna stand up and fight for them
but no matter what are you gonna work
hard to make sure that Donald Trump
loses and the Democratic candidate
whether it's you or her yes yes he'll
work hard but he can't guarantee that
people are gonna fall into line worth
noting here I just realized that Bernie
Sanders has the exact same cadence of
William Shatner he also just hasn't
Brooklyn accent so if you just did
William Shatner look at her with a
Brooklyn accent then if you have Bernie
Sanders in any case Sanders is on the
attack against Hillary Clinton and she's
having a tough time defending Bernie
Sanders he's now ripping on the Clinton
Foundation so at this point he's really
wishing that he had cared about her now
emails remember when that in debate was
it nobody cares about you emails well it
turns out that he probably should have
cared more now he's in his final death
throes of his campaign today is the
California or tomorrow's the California
primary and and Bernie really needs to
win if he wants to remain alive in this
race at all so he's taking the kitchen
sink and finally throwing it at Hillary
he says that the fountain Clinton
Foundation is a problem here he is
explaining it's Jake Tapper there are
those who say
that there's something inherently wrong
with an American charity especially one
with ties to a Secretary of State taking
money from the Saudis and other foreign
governments that don't represent our
values is that a fair criticism yes it
is
it is if you ask me about the Clinton
Foundation do I have a problem when a
sitting Secretary of State and a
foundation run by our husband collects
many millions of dollars from foreign
governments governments which are
dictatorships you don't have a lot of
civil liberties or democratic rights in
Saudi Arabia you don't have a lot of
respect there a for divergent for
opposition points of you for gay rights
for women's rights yeah the wider
problem was I do you think it creates an
appearance of conflict of interests and
Bill is having a tough time answering
this so here's Bill Clinton trying to
defend his wife bill looking like a
walking corpse on Bloomberg here being
asked about the Clinton Foundation and
Bernie Sanders is critique ExxonMobil
has said that they are not going to
sponsor CGI this year is this because of
the funding controversy well I think
they don't want to be involved in
politics that they don't think we were
ever political there had never been a
more I don't believe the Phantom
Foundation with a prominent political
person in involved in it like me they've
been more non-political I've had in
George and Laura Bush here Mitt Romney
John McCain and Sarah Palin came I've
got all these that Rupert Murdoch and
his son and his foundation have given
money to us along with Mayor Bloomberg
we just saw problems but a lot of there
are people who just don't like bad press
and you can't be involved in modern
American politics
without somebody attacking you and I
think that the fact that there are so
many other channels like Bloomberg and
the social media means that in effect if
somebody wants to go negative it's a I
think sort of a tribute to my wife that
it all happened now
and we err we've got all this all the
social media and the alternative ways of
communicating and I think in the end the
foundation will stand or fall in the
work it does okay so I mean he's
starting to look more and more nutty out
there and you can see him watching the
lesbian pornography in his head I mean
there's there's nothing going on in
there he's like I can't believe I'm
being trotted out for this so it's a bad
week for the Hillary Clinton campaign
it's a worst week because at the end of
last week we'd have a chance to talk
about this they're a bunch of riots in
San Jose so Trump speaks in San Jose and
here's a little bit of what it looked
like in San Jose with people going nuts
and beating up from supporters in San
Jose Trump was speaking inside Marina
there
and there the claps for the stellar job
they should be good you didn't say
anything anybody were just walking out
her well walk it out with our Trump's on
you grab my Trump sign and start
following me
saying I was like a really didn't say
anything I was like yeah it's wrong
so you can hear people chanting and
they're chanting obscene things and for
those who can't see you need to
subscribe to daily wire so you can see
all of this and you can subscribe and
get 30 days for free
and obviously send mail into the mailbag
as well for those who can't see there
are people being cold-cocked people
being punched people a woman having eggs
thrown at her and my favorite is the guy
who gets hit with the bag and he's
bleeding from above his ear and the cops
are asking him did you say anything to
provoke the people as though that
there's nothing you can say to provoke
somebody to punch you in the face
all of this put aside the evil of the
left I've talked about the mob Ock
received the left the left reliance on
these mobs to do their dirty work for
them and provide sort of the impetus for
government action from the outside so
you have riots in Ferguson
so that Obama can then say oh I'm fixing
it to prevent riots like that from
happening again and Marion Barry used to
do this in DC we've talked about this in
in Baltimore the idea is that you have a
riot and then people say oh well if we
don't want those people to riot what can
we do with the power of government to
make things all better now you've got
the to the anti-trump people doing the
same thing the idea is shut up Donald
Trump or we're gonna beat people up in
in the end this helps Donald Trump
politically speaking because people look
at this kind of stuff I look at this
kind of stuff and I said these people
have to be defeated these people are
terrible
I mean I've spoken at universities after
the the so called chalkin when people
were talking Trump 2016
and other people going nuts and going to
the administration and crying and I've
chalked Trump 2016 myself even though I
really think Donald Trump is terrible
because the idea is that you have to
stop the fascists in one way of stopping
the fascists presumably might be to
stand up for the guy who takes off the
fascists we'll get to why that's not a
proper solution in a second okay so
Bernie Sanders has to come out and tell
the supporters to knock off the violence
again all of this puts Trump in the
catbird seat politically because if the
left is seen as violent then people want
somebody who's gonna come in and restore
law and order and the left is violent
the left is terrible people who are
saying by the way we'll get to this in a
second but people who are saying that
Trump brought this on himself are
brought in on his supporters that's not
how free speech works again
Donald Trump is responsible for his
supporters engaging in violence that he
encourages but you're not responsible
for people acting violently against you
that's their that's their decision
Donald Trump is not responsible for
people acting violent to his supporters
that's absurd
and it's nasty here's Bernie Sanders
telling his supporters they needed to
knock off the violence some of these
people who have been very violent have
been seen with your signs Bernie Sanders
signs chanting your name do you condemn
that absolutely and let's be very clear
and we got millions and millions of
people who are supporting us and I want
to make it clear that any person who is
a Bernie Sanders supporter please do not
in any way shape or form engage in
violence that is absolutely not what
this campaign is about okay here you go
and attend to knock on Trump tube last
Trump but that part is correct Hillary
actually spells out the message she says
violence is bad but Trump's responsible
for it here's Hillary being a terrible
person do you condemn the violence what
is your message to people who are
protesting Donald Trump I condemn all
violence in our political arena I
condemned it when Donald Trump was
inciting it and congratulating people
who were engaging in it I condemn it by
those who are taking violent protests to
physical assault against Donald Trump
this has to end
he said a very bad example he created an
environment in which it seemed to be
acceptable for someone running for
president to be inciting violence to be
encouraging his supporters now we're
seeing people who were against him
responding in kind it should all stop it
is not acceptable at the end of the day
do you think that those violent
anti-trump protesters actually might be
helping him in in a way by by showing
his opposition in such a horrendous
light I don't think any of this helps
anybody I don't think his protests that
were led by his supporters beating up
people who were ok we can sweep protest
Hillary Hillary's a terrible person okay
so the reason Hillary is a terrible
person here is the first half of what
she says is correct right violence on
all sides is wrong anybody who
encourages it is wrong then she goes
ahead and she says Donald Trump created
this climate
that's her encouraging violence you
understand that that's her saying Donald
Trump created this climate of violence I
fully understand why people are engaging
in violence against Trump supporters
okay first of all that's not even true
the climate of violence has been around
in the Democratic Party since the 1960s
Hillary was part of it
okay Hillary is part of the
incentivization of the black lives
matter movement she was part of the
incentivization of the Occupy Wall
Street movement Hillary going all the
way back to the 60s was part of the
anti-vietnam war movement
okay all of these movements had violent
components to them and riot to a regular
thing for Hillary to blame Donald Trump
for this is absurd it's absurd and it
makes people angry right Andrea Mitchell
does the same thing Andrea Mitchell on
on NBC she's asked about Donald Trump
supporter getting egged and she blames
Trump she says it's donald trump's fault
that this supported that the fact is
that there is tremendous antipathy right
now around this whole race yet when they
close the registration for california on
Friday night Sacramento Secretary of
State announced it is unprecedented
historic almost 18 million people now
registered 72% of those eligible have
registered to vote and this is I think
really generated by the concern that
Hispanics and others have about Donald
Trump that awful awful egging of the
border in San Jose is I think I think
you can't separated from the egging on
no pun intended the in North Carolina
and elsewhere that he did at his rallies
and what we do is a really bad place I
do think that Hillary Clinton elevated
her attacks okay that he did not have an
answer for karana
so so she goes back to Hillary's doing
the wonderful job okay it's not Trump's
fault if his supporters get egged I'm
sorry that's not how this works none of
this works this what David Brooks does
the same thing he also blames Trump okay
listen I don't like Donald Trump I don't
know how else to say this I think Donald
Trump is a terrible person
Donald Trump is not responsible for his
supporters getting egged or punched or
hit with bricks I mean he's not
responsible for any of these things
not responsible for people attacking
cops at his rallies okay that's not
America is nonsense but David Brooks
says the same thing here because this is
the new this this demonstrates that
there really is this sort of pantywaist
fascism that has crept up on the left
and has infused parts of the so-called
right like David Brooks where if people
just aren't genteel enough for Hillary
Clinton or David Brooks then they
deserve to get beat up it's just it's
ridiculous in every way it's actually
gross and fascist but that in no way it
justifies a vindicates putting police
officers at risk or attacking other
people physically more like soccer
hooliganism to me it's a group of people
who like violence there tend to be young
men and Trump happens to generate this
sort of excitement that gives them a
pretext oh he generates the excitement
that gives them a pretext or perhaps
they're bad people why is it about Trump
it's not about Trump's about them being
bad people again what generated the
pretext for these hooligans to go around
burning down cities what generated the
pretext for them to do this for goodness
sake over over the World Trade
Organization in Seattle right I mean
they used to burn things up and break
windows in Seattle every year they still
do okay is that because of Trump that's
all it was all his nonsense but this
attempt to blame Trump for everything
Trump's to blame for a lot of things but
blame him for the trend for the things
he's blameworthy for blaming him for
everything just undermines the value of
truth and as Newt Gingrich says the
country is going to become enraged if
all of this continues question if these
violent anti Trump rallies continue it
into the convention into the fall how do
you see it factoring into the campaign
the country will you become enraged I
mean the fact is you go look at Madison
Wisconsin where there were huge
demonstrations against the elected
governor Scott Walker the elected
legislature doing exactly what they won
the legislate the election on if Donald
Trump is serious about change in
Washington every federal employee union
will be in the streets because the first
thing you have to do to be serious is
make it possible to fire corrupt
dishonest and an illegal conceivable
backlash where people say Trump is just
to do this I think people when people
see the American flag being burned
they don't side with the people burning
the American flag I think it drives
Hillary and Sanders into a very narrow
box this is this is 1968 all over again
this is the hard left
saying if you don't do what we want
we're going to be physically violent and
and we're going to pick on some woman
who can't defend herself I don't think
that is sustainable and I think I think
the American people will be repulsed by
the idea that the hard left gets to
dictate to the rest of us okay this is
totally true King Grich is 100% right
and all of this provides Trump with his
opening so now the question becomes
Trump's got this opening Hillary is
extraordinarily weak she can't even put
away the geriatric socialist she can't
do anything Hillary is extraordinarily
weak candidate meanwhile Hillary and
Sanders supporters are burning American
flags stomping on police cars and
attempting to beat up Trump supporters
all this provides Trump with his opening
all Trump has to do is project the face
of a decent human being right that's all
he has to do here he just has to keep
attacking Hillary and present the face
of a decent human being so can he do it
so over the weekend let's find out so
Donald Trump starts with the June judge
Jeanine Pirro he said he's on her show
on Saturday night he says I'm gonna
bring people together in a way that
President Obama doesn't Barack Obama has
been a terrible president but he's been
a tremendous divider he is the in this
country from rich and poor from black
and white I mean he has divided this
country like no president in my opinion
almost ever and number one we need a
cheerleader I always thought one thing
with him I said he's unqualified to be
President and Hillary said qualified
she's unqualified cuz she has very bad
judgment Hillary has horrible judgment
and Bernie Sanders said that about her
but Obama I thought was going to be a
great cheerleader and he turned out to
be a very bad cheerleader I the one
thing I thought he could do is bring
people together and it turned out to be
just the opposite
I will bring people together okay so he
says he's gonna bring people together
Obama's a divider okay this is what he
needs to be saying it's true Obama is a
divider this is what he needs to be
saying and he's trying to bridge gaps
with people he's disagreed with like
Paul Ryan so here is Paul Ryan you know
Paul Ryan is so Paul Ryan endorses Trump
last week and here is Trump responding
to Paul Ryan's endorsement on Face the
Nation he's most appealing he's a good
man
he wants good things for the country we
will agree on many things we're not
going to agree on all things but we're
going to agree
many things for instance all right well
I think we'll agree Horne as an example
he really focuses on poverty he wants to
take people out of poverty so do i and
we're gonna come up with a plan okay so
all of this is is fine I don't believe
him but that's okay he's making his case
now so here is him making his case so
he's also asked about Hillary's
accusations that he's thin-skinned and
here's and here is is Donald Trump here
we go why so thin-skinned
I don't like lies I don't mind a bad
story if you did a bad story on me for
60 minutes if it were a fair story I
wouldn't be thin-skinned at all you know
some of the media is among the worst
people I've ever met and I mean a pretty
good percentage is really a terrible
group of people they write lies they
write false stories they know they're
false it makes no difference
and frankly I'm I don't call
thin-skinned I'm angry but a reporter
asked you a couple of hard questions at
the first debate and the whole week
after that it's war on that reporter
well I don't think that was a fair
question and impression is created
though that you like to dish it out but
you can't take a punch oh I think I can
take it I can take it if it's fair again
if people say things that are false
which happens a lot with me if people
say things that are false
I will fight okay look harder than
anyone so he says he's not thin-skinned
in fact he has the most beautiful skin I
mean there's no pores in it or anything
you can see it's just a magnificent skin
is the greatest skin anybody's ever had
its skin that was made straight from God
it's amazing skin okay so this is again
Trump making his case he's not
thin-skinned he's very fair to everybody
he's gonna make nice with Paul Ryan he's
gonna be uniter and then we start to get
a little bit dicey so he's asked
specifically about his foreign policy he
said before he was against the invasion
of Libya under Hillary Clinton and then
he's quoted saying he was for the
invasion of Libya and here is Trump
flip-flopping on it this is one of the
things that confuses some people about
your positions though you said you
weren't for intervention but you you
were for intervention in Libya and I
didn't mind surgical and I said surgical
you do a surgical shot and you take him
out but I wasn't for what happened look
at the way it's I mean look at with
Benghazi and with all of the problems
that you've had it was handled horribly
listen you said you were never free
I was never for a strong intervention I
said I could have seen surgical where
you take out Qaddafi and his group
here's the part that really goes bad so
all of this is is Trump just being this
is the best version of Trump right well
we saw in the last three clips best
version of Trump he's uniter he's gonna
bring people together him even when he
says he's sort of probe the Libyan
invasion he's sort of anti of the Libyan
and okay fine who doesn't know what he's
talking about but at least he's not
starting riots at least he's not
creating violence at least he's not back
to the guy who's saying that he wants to
pay people who punch protesters at his
rallies right this is good Trump this is
Jekyll and Hyde this is this is dr.
Jekyll right here and then we get mr.
Hyde and here is where Trump is off the
reservation so he finally has this
opening as I say Hillary's a terrible
candidate he's got riots against him the
opposition is lining up there looking
bad and then Donald Trump can't stop
himself he has no capacity to stop
himself so he's asked about the the his
his comments that he spoke about last
week about this judge in his Trump
University case and a couple of quick
notes going into into what we're about
to talk about there are two arguments
that have been made for Donald Trump by
people who are conservative one is
Donald Trump is capable of change the
other is Donald Trump is somebody who
ought to so is somebody who will listen
to his advisers right this is the the
shtick that one he's capable of change
to he's going to listen to his advisers
what you're about to see is the tunel
Trump is capable of neither and this
generates an enormous amount of headache
for Republicans for conservatives for
everybody because Trump has no sense it
just he's going to lose this election
and he's going to lose this election
because he has no discipline and because
he's not a very good person here's
Donald Trump being asked about labeling
a judge Mexican for no apparent reason
isn't there sort of a tradition though
in America that we don't judge people by
who their parents were where they came
from is talking about today I'm talking
about common sense okay
he's somebody he's proud of his heritage
and I think that's great that he's proud
but you're saying it's a barrier to him
doing his job he's not giving me fair
he's not treating me fairly and you
think it's not because you think it's
fair his parents can they go before the
judge and he lets her out well he can
let her out but you have to dismiss the
case yeah I guess I'm just too confused
to that what his Mexican parents have to
do with that let me excuse me I want to
build a wall I mean I could I don't
think is very confusing
well has nothing to do with anything
except common sense you know we have to
stop being so politically correct in
this country and we need a little more
common sense Jen and I'm not blaming I'm
proud of my heritage we're all proud of
our heritage but I want to build a wall
okay so let me get this straight so
racism is common sense now because
here's the problem there's a difference
between saying there's legit criticism
of this judge this judge is a member of
the la raza legal board whatever it is
la raza legal counsel and what that is
is not National Council of La Raza
that's a different thing but La Raza
legal council is basically like the
Hispanic advocacy group and in the Los
Angeles in in the California bar there's
a there's a Jewish one there's a black
one there all sorts of these things
this particular one happens to be very
much in favor of under the quote-unquote
rights of undocumented immigrants if
Trump cites that we don't have a problem
here Bernie says look he's in favor of
undocumented immigrants he's made that
clear he's giving out scholarships to
them right he could say all of that
without Mexican his Mexican heritage but
the implication is he's a Mexican
therefore he must think all these things
and he says his heritage means that he
doesn't want me to build a wall well
flip that around for a second flip that
around for a second there are people on
the Left who say about Trump the only
reason he wants to build a wall is
because of his heritage right because
he's a white guy so Donald Trump is a
white guy and that's why he wants to
build a wall people like me say that's
racist I'm not technically a white I'm
Jewish I want to build a wall why is
that is that cuz I'm white but Donald
Trump because he traffics in stereotypes
and because he traffics in racism he
opens himself up to all of these things
and Jake Tapper hits him on to Jake
Tapper of CNN he says look aren't you
being a racist when you say the judge
can't do his job just cuz he's of
Mexican descent he's not even Mexican he
was born in Indiana spent his entire
life here are these actually they put
out a hit on him the Mexican drug
cartels put out a hit on him when he was
a DA
here's Tapper going after Trump is it
not when Hillary Clinton says this is a
racist attack and you reject that if you
are saying he can't do his job
because of his race is that not the
definition of racism I don't think so no
no no he's proud of his heritage I I
respect him for you saying he can't do
it John because of that look he's proud
of his heritage
okay I'm building a wall now I think I'm
gonna do very well
you know why I'm gonna do well with
Hispanics because I'm gonna bring back
jobs and they're gonna get jobs right
now they're gonna get jobs I think I'm
gonna do very well with Hispanics but
we're building a wall he's a Mexican
we're building a wall between here in
Mexico the answer is he is giving us
very unfair rulings rulings that people
can't even believe this case should have
ended years ago on summary judgment the
best lawyers I have spoken to so many
lawyers they said this is not a cases
the case that should have ended our this
judge is giving us unfair rules now I
say why well I want to I'm building a
wall okay and it's a wall between Mexico
not another country but he's not he's
not from entire pain he's from Indiana
he's Nixon and Mexican heritage and he's
very proud of it okay it's it's just
it's egregious and you watch this and it
it's racism I'm sorry there's no other
way to put it now does that mean he
should be prosecuted no it's a free
country but it doesn't mean he's saying
something that's kind of terrible right
imagine that he takes take this out of
the context for a second let's say that
he's stumping against black lives matter
and he has a judge in one of his cases
and the judge is black and he said you
know what got a black judge he's not
gonna be fair to me he's not gonna be
fair to me he's a black judge you say
wait a second just cuz he's black well
you know he's black and I'm against
black lives matter I think black lives
matter is bad wouldn't you say wait a
second that's racist you're saying he
can't do his job because he's black and
maybe you disagree issues but you don't
even have any evidence that that's the
case it would be so easy for Trump not
to be a racist here but he does it
anyway and we're now being told that he
has no capacity to back off of it so
what's amazing is again there are two
things one there was the argument Reince
Priebus said Trump needs to evolve
Donald Trump needs to evolve he needs to
change is what Ryan's previous the head
of the RNC said not gonna happen I mean
this interview is almost it's it's just
the it's the mirror image of the
interview the Jake Tapper did with
Donald Trump about the KKK or did where
Jake Tapper said to Donald Trump do you
condemn the KKK and Trump said KKK I've
never heard of the KKK what's the KKK I
don't know what's the KKK right and and
tapper says to him well all I'm asking
you to do is like condemn the KKK here
he's saying I'm all I'm asking he's from
Indiana he's not from Mexico but Trump
can't stop himself so the idea that
Trump is going to turn it down it should
be Trump to his campaign slogan should
be Trump 2016
turned
for what I mean there because because
bottom line here is he's not going to
turn down for anything the more people
can say this is why the never Trump
movement still matters all these people
who are consolidating behind him now
they're trapped in he knows they're
trapped and they can't get out and now
they're stuck and they're totally
screwed and there's nothing they can do
about it so Newt Gingrich came out and
Gingrich came out and he says that this
is inexcusable he calls it inexcusable
so naturally Donald Trump immediately
turns around and snacks Newt Gingrich
who's been a guy who helped push him up
the ladder right Newt Gingrich has been
a big Donald Trump fan he wants his VP
slot here's Donald from Samaki Newt
Gingrich you really respect Newt
Gingrich she wasn't you know he wasn't
just firing off he said some nice things
about you in that interview but says I
can't condone he doesn't understand
where you're coming out with this
there's anything like that get through
to you and make you reform your tactics
when somebody who's been a supporter of
yours comes out and says this is a huge
mistake all I'm trying to do is figure
out why I be treated so unfairly by a
judge a lot of people agree with it all
I want to do is find out why am I being
treated so unfairly by Shinya just
terrible
just terrible I mean it's just it's just
so he's so he goes after Newt Gingrich
so so much for the idea that his
advisors are gonna control him remember
that on foreign policy on domestic
policy on judges his advisers will tell
him what to do don't worry it'll all be
okay his advisers will tell him what to
do they're people like me sitting
outside going I don't trust this guy
prove it to me but once you've bought in
once you're on the Trump train even if
you say he's just the lesser of two
evils now you own him okay you broke the
Republican Party you bought the
Republican Party Mitch McConnell Senate
Majority Leader okay he's asked
specifically about Trump's racist
comments watch as Mitch McConnell I mean
he already has the turtle up to him
watch as he tries to crawl back into his
shell do you worry at all that your
nominee now Donald Trump will do to
Latino voters what Barry Goldwater did
to african-american voters I do I do and
I think that the attacks that he's
routinely engaged in for example going
after susana Martinez the Republican
governor of New Mexico the chairman of
the Republican Governors Association
that was a big mistake
what do you ought to be doing now is
trying to unify the party and I think
attacking people once you have one is a
time if you can to be gracious and try
to bring the party together so I don't
agree with everything Trump says or does
but I do know that we now have a choice
a choice between two very unpopular
candidates very unpopular you've picked
Donald Trump I do because I know for
sure he won't be for more years just
like the last eight he will be a change
Hillary will continue the policies of
this administration which I think have
been very bad for the country and so and
she'll pick the next Supreme Court trust
okay and in tapper Assam consistently is
it racist is it racist is it racist
it keeps saying well it's not something
I like it's not something I like yeah
well you're stuck with it and you don't
have any impact on Trump Trump runs the
show and you're just on board of this
motorboat this out-of-control motorboat
so enjoy yourselves the media meanwhile
they've now decided that that they are
going to go after Trump hard now we knew
this was coming right who could have
predicted except for me every single day
on this program who could have predicted
that the media would have treated Donald
Trump with kid gloves up to the general
election and then flipped on Trump and
decided that he was the worst person
ever after elevating him to the
nomination after demonstrating that
Republicans really are there it they're
Republican there's the it'd the ego and
the super-ego the it is the animalistic
side of yourself after demonstrating
that Trump is the Republican in and then
are it really is this kind of xenophobic
nasty guy now they're gonna turn on him
so Joe Scarborough who helped elevate
Donald Trump I mean really helped
elevate Donald Trump was was just
licking Donald Trump's posterior this
entire election cycle Joe Scarborough
now he's determined that he cannot in
good conscience or tell Trump it's just
absurd these Republicans this week who
were so shocked and stunned and deeply
saddened and offended by this clear act
of racism yeah had all the evidence in
the world before for debating and done
thing Rob mit again stopped them from
endorsing him how do you endorse Paul
Ryan a man that supports the banning of
1.4 billion Muslims from ever
the United States of America you make
him back down actually that's what I was
hoping that perhaps we could put
pressure on him to back down and change
that policy it said Al he's doubled down
and now it's people that may have what
is it one sixteenth Mexican blood if you
got one sixteenth Mexican blood that
maybe you can't be a judge 160 M flood
some babies this is unbelievable he is
getting worse not better okay and Trump
is gonna be here's the thing this part
doesn't hurt Trump because these people
aren't terrible okay they're terrible
he's speaking to Al Sharpton who has
started race riots for God's sake he's
speaking to a man who is called Jews
diamond merchants okay who falsely
smeared a white da for not raping a
black girl right al Sharpton is the one
that Scarborough is talking to and
here's Scarborough lecturing us all
here's Scarborough lecturing us all that
huh Donald Trump is unacceptable okay
Donald Trump is just our here's Joe
Scarborough April 1st hat tip to Jim
Garrity and National Review on this this
is a quote from Joe Scarborough April
1st you ready for this
here it is Joe Scarborough writes what
is most astonishing is the rising level
of rage among Trump's political enemies
from inside the Republican establishment
many of my conservative friends are
sounding as arrogant as unmoored as left
wing pundits let loose on MSNBC during
the Bush years and then he says the it
basically comes down and endorses Trump
essentially and now he's saying no it's
just terrible it's just terrible this is
just to show that all these people are
so dishonest it leaves room for Trump so
Trump has an opening he fills it with
his own stupidity and racism and again
I've been very cautious all the way
through this election cycle I've always
had the Donalds from flirts with racists
but I've never called him a racist what
he said here is a racist thing to say
okay it is that doesn't make it as bad
as riots by the way the day and here's
the other point here's the other point
Donald Trump is the natural side effect
they want to say that violence Donald
Trump rallies is the side effect of
Trump hey Donald Trump is the natural
side effect of a left that has generated
race-based violence from my entire
lifetime right Donald Trump is just the
reactionary side to that okay the the
left can be as racist as it wants to be
and if the right is racist like Trump
then it's the end of the
world then it's the end of the world
according to according to these folks
okay Bernie Sanders tweeted out earlier
today he tweeted out that he thinks that
police forces should be diverse they
reflect the communities they police what
he means by that is only black people
should police black communities that's
racism gang but the left completely
ignores it the let's completely ignores
that they're talking to Al Sharpton in
actual racist they completely ignore
that Barack Obama is a racist that
Hillary Clinton says racist things right
they ignore all of this cuz they're on
the Left when it comes to Trump then all
of a sudden it's the worst thing in the
world in my view it's the worst thing in
the world all the way around now this is
why I say the answer to the fascism of
the left and mob accuracy fascism of the
left isn't to vote for somebody like
Donald Trump who has many of those same
inclinations that's not the solution and
if you think you're saving the country
from something worse by corrupting the
only other party in America that seems
like a foolish hope to me
I mean Mitch McConnell was he's forced
on national TV to say he's asked should
the party of Lincoln embrace racism and
Mitch McConnell says the party of
Lincoln needs to win and if that's what
the party of Lincoln is then it's not
worth saving if the party of Lincoln is
just the party of the Democrats just a
little bit less so then what exactly are
we fighting here so if all this is
depressing and if you're depressed by
all of this don't worry I'm depressed by
it too it's okay we'll get through it
together it is it is a very depressing
news cycle and and I'll talk a little
bit tomorrow about where I think all of
this is going where it came from and
where all of this is going first some
things I like and then some things that
I hate okay the things I like and things
I hate are related this week so Muhammad
Ali died over the weekend Muhammad Ali
of course the greatest heavyweight
champion of all time some people say
Rocky Marciano but really it's Ali Ali
every time he was beaten he came back up
and beat the person who he thought
everybody from from Michael Spinks to to
Joe Frazier
a amazing boxer most of his Golden Age
of boxing was taken from him he lost
three years of his boxing career because
he was a conscientious objector to the
Vietnam War he was a member of the the
evil and radical Nation of Islam and he
and you applied for a conscientious
objector status in the army after he was
redrafted and because he didn't like the
Vietnam War and then they put him in
jail and they banned him from boxing for
three years
the Supreme Court ruled mine noting that
the that he had to be allowed to to box
again because conscientious objector is
a fine status and then because you can't
argue with with with Ollie as a boxer
Ollie as a boxer was tremendous
especially when he was young they used
to say he moved like a lightweight it
wasn't the heaviest puncher move like a
lightweight terrific jaw and probably
that terrific job basically led to him
getting Parkinson's and all likelihood
because he's got you step on your feet
for twenty years getting hit in the face
and that's gonna have some tremendous
health effects the problem I have with
with the media coverage of Muhammad Ali
is that Muhammad Ali was made into
something more than just a tremendous
sports figure and a transformational
sports figure because it whether you
like the trash talk or you don't like
the trash talk whether you like the
spiked football in the end zone or you
don't whether you like the showmanship
in sports or not Ali was the foundation
of that I'll leave was the showman
that's what he did he's the one who's
responsible for probably the direction
of modern sport more than any other
figure if that isn't enough and it isn't
for the media they've turned him into a
cultural figure figure as well they've
tried to turn him into a political hero
and this is where I object so a couple
things that I like first of all really
really good book called ghosts of Manila
by Mark Graham really terrific book
about the fights between Muhammad Ali
and Joe Frazier and really traces Ali's
entire life in this book and it really
is a terrific terrific book not very
long and get it on Amazon really is good
they made a documentary not really out
of this book but but around the same
subject matter called thriller in Manila
HBO to this documentary was from the
from the perspective really of Joe
Frazier and and it's worth mentioning
here I'll go through some of the stuff
about Muhammad Ali that is that's
problematic in a second here's here's
the documentary you should check it out
and see it on YouTube thriller in Manila
Oh Michel ball when I get the gorilla is
banana
the thriller in Manila is among the
greatest fights of all time was the
third and final confrontation between
Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali never again
do we have two guys so important so good
fight each other they weren't really
fighting for the heavyweight
championship of the world in Manila they
were fighting to the heavyweight
championship of each other
these two men hated each other a
personal hatred born out of the
explosive racial politics of America in
the 1970s when I get the gorilla in
Manila I think dad don't slap the hell
out in one those days years of animosity
festered between these two heavyweight
champions he works for the enemy in
Manila it took them to the brick
Aladin down and he looked at us he said
that's the closest thing you'll ever see
to death documentary it's really good
really really good
I was made before obviously both of them
are dead so a Fraser passed away several
years ago
I'll leave to trace his life a little
bit
Ali was actually a racist for most of
his from the time he became Nation of
Islam guy up till his transformation in
the 1980s into kind of a softer side
figure where he was all about charitable
foundations and treating people well
excuse me
Raleigh's had some tremendously racist
things then the Nation of Islam was is
an evil organization it was an evil
organization Louie Farrakhan who leads
it as evil Elijah Mohammed the guy who
founded it was an evil guy Malcolm X was
sucked into a tomorrow as well Malcolm X
had a transformation and was murdered by
the Nation of Islam and all likelihood
Muhammad Ali said at the time
integration is wrong he said no
intelligent black man or black woman in
his or her right mind wants white boys
and white girls coming to their homes to
marry their black sons and daughters
Muhammad Ali said you need well you got
white racists who believe in separation
such as I believe he said don't give us
nothing give us a repay us he got 50
states we make up 10% of the population
give us 10% of the land he said we're
not all brothers you can say we're
brothers but were not I mean this is
this is bad stuff and Muhammad Ali a
Nation of Islam they were involved in a
lot of bad stuff
Muhammad Ali particularly abused Joe
Frazier Jennifer I have a poster in my
house of Joe Frazier of Joe Frazier
knocking down Muhammad Ali in their
first fight signed by Joe Frazier one of
the great punches of all time Joe
Frazier was about 511 and a lefty and
Muhammad Ali was about 6-3 I think a
much bigger much broader reach and you
can see it in that fight Frazier was a
much smaller dude
and in Frazier by the way in that last
fight he was fighting with one eye who's
blind in one eye
and fought him with one eye and he hated
him so much and the reason he hated him
is because after Ali was banned from
boxing for a few years Frazier was now
the champion and Ali comes back and
Frazier doesn't have to give him a title
fight Frazier actually wrote letters to
boards on behalf of a leasing please
readmit him he then gives him the title
fight and Ali proceeds to label him and
Uncle Tom pretend that Joe Frazier is in
league with the white man suggests and
but and it's worth noting Joe Frazier
grew up a lot poorer in Philadelphia
than Muhammad Ali did who rat middle
class and Lou in Louisville and he treat
my garbage you can see even in that in a
preview Muhammad Ali calling Joe Frazier
a gorilla which is racist racist
language he's a gorilla right you go I'm
the gorilla and the Thrilla in Manilla
nasty nasty stuff
here's Muhammad Ali doing that to Joe
Frazier just in stock footage this is I
think around time the first fight
knows he'll told you he don't hit on
told you it would be a total mismatch
dodge Fuller's feel one of the greatest
anyways of all time
people want to see me as your Fredo
they still babes don't praise you can
beat me they don't want to see me in kid
not they don't see me in transformer
they want to see me in Joe Frazier
although George Foreman annihilated
Frazier and John fuller will be Frazier
every day and we watchful for beacon not
in every day in the week okay so in any
case he really went after Frazier pretty
hard and and not only did go out for
Frazier Hardy to the to the end of his
life Joe Frazier hated Muhammad Ali with
a passion he said and we fought three
times and and if you look at the record
for Ali won two of those fights and if
you look at Ali now Rexy got Parkinson's
it was crippled basically I won all
three so I mean they really hated each
other so it's a fascinating story
and and I like actually when people die
like painting a fuller picture of their
life I'll Lee did some really good
things for sports and really interesting
things made sport huge in the American
scene he also did some really really
negative things for America and I'm glad
that at the end of his life he sort of
flipped around I sort of feel bad for
Muhammad Ali just as a human being
Muhammad Ali was poor out from the Army
originally when he was drafted cuz he
had an IQ of 78 obviously wasn't a
brilliant guy was fed a lot of his lines
by the Nation of Islam was sucked into
their maw and and mistreated a lot of
people but I think by the end of his
life he repented a lot of that and and
become a better person so that's that's
what I like and what I hate about
Muhammad Ali well we'll see you tomorrow
and we will be back then with more
analysis at tomorrow's the day of the
California primaries we'll find out if
Bernie is finally out and what that
means for the race i'm ben shapiro this
is the ben shapiro show
