hot-diggity-dog it's time for another
visit to our favorite website everyday
feminism the website that's more than
300 times more stupid than ordinary
feminism because it's every damn day
whoever you are and whatever you're
doing everyday feminism will tell you
why you're doing it wrong and should
feel bad about yourself it's sort of
like having a shrill mean-spirited
nagging shrew of a wife who can't cook
and won't have sex with you in other
words it's feminism today on everyday
feminism you can find a post entitled
and I'm not making this up warning signs
that your yoga practice is culturally
appropriated for those of you who have
more important things to worry about
like combing out the hair around your
navel or bleaching your nostrils
cultural appropriation is when one sort
of person unfairly uses something that
originated with another sort of person
like when Muslims use human rights or
when feminists use reason now according
to everyday feminism quote there's not
necessarily anything wrong with you
doing yoga as a white person unquote and
human that's a relief
but here are just a few signs that your
downward-facing dog is sucking the
lifeblood from the weak and innocent
sign number one your yoga is culturally
appropriated you don't acknowledge where
your yoga practice comes from yoga
originated in India so now and then
while gliding into Itza das nações you
should say something Indian like white
man speak with forked tongue or curry
Lone Ranger Tonto see bad men riding to
Black Canyon or if you want to do
something more like an authentic Indian
from India try giving incomprehensible
technical instructions over the phone to
someone whose computer is broken sign
number two your yoga practice includes
shame and ridicule only a white person
would introduce competition to such a
lofty practices yoga so if you hear
yourself saying things like hey fatso
where'd you learn to do it Tadasana
Hoboken you're probably getting it wrong
sign number three you've removed the
spiritual aspects of yoga this says
everyday feminism is reminiscent of the
way colonial powers forced their own
practices on innocent local cultures
like when the British came
to India and force them to use the rule
of law and railroads and soap to get
into a more spiritual mood try taking a
selfie while in a particularly appealing
pose and send it to your husband with a
note that says having a wonderful time
Vishnu we're here sign number four
you're misusing sacred objects some yoga
studios try to give themselves an
authentic air by displaying sacred
objects like crystals or Buddhist
statues as decorations if your
instructor should provide you with a
handful of crystals never put them in
your nose without first being certain
they're actually cocaine and of course
you should never use a Buddha statue as
a sex toy even though it feels amazing
all in all everyday feminism wants you
to remember if you're a white and you're
doing yoga
you better bend over backwards to feel
guilty about it bend over because it's
yoga never mind stupid Indians trigger
warning if anybody is reading that site
seriously they must be so my god alright
so there's media chaos yesterday as
Donald Trump did the unthinkable and
attacked a reporter I listened to and
read a lot of the commentary you will
not hear anywhere else what you heard
here I've been you know I've been joking
that the Andrew Clavin shows where the
future comes to rehearse I was reading
the New York Times this morning all of a
sudden they're talking about how
political correctness created Donald
Trump I mean we've been talking about
that here for like eight months I was I
wrote articles about it all the stuff
suddenly so you're gonna hear stuff
today that you have not heard I think
I'm you know maybe I miss some place but
you haven't heard elsewhere and then you
will start to hear Adele sweater
okay so you've come to the right place
and then we do the mailbag its mailbag
day so subscribe so you can be in the
mailbag you know it's what it's thirty
days for free
and then it's like eight bucks a month
$7.99 a month you can spend that extra
penny anywhere you want
let's so let's do the history first of
all all right back in January before the
Iowa caucuses Donald Trump decided to
duck out of the debate I think he was
feeling a little uncomfortable he was
feeling like they were asking tough
questions like what would you do as
president and where do you where do you
get your tan and all this stuff I mean
he was he was just starting to think
like the debates were not working for
him I think and so he ducked out but he
didn't want to seem to be ducking out so
he said well we're gonna do something
instead we're gonna raise have an event
and raise money for veterans and then he
said in one day we will play you I think
it's Trump cut number three he says we
raised all this money on in one day once
this started it's for our vets there was
nothing I could do I don't know and you
know what I don't know is it for me
personally a good thing a bad thing will
I get more votes will I get less votes
nobody knows who the hell knows but it's
for our vets and you're gonna like it
because we raised over five million
dollars in one day okay sometimes he
said five million sometimes he said six
million but it was he base it first he
was saying I did it in an hour and the
point was I wasn't running away from the
debates I was doing something much more
important nobody was doing what I was
doing it's all to my credit some time
goes by and then the press starts to
investigate at any of these vets
veterans organizations actually get the
money the Washington Post did one CNN
did one Drew Griffin went around calling
people here's Drew Griffin telling the
results we got an accounting of just
$800,000 confirmed nine organizations
say they got a total of $800,000 only
five hundred of which Chris actually
came from Trump the other 300 came from
a friend of Trump now there are seven
organizations that either say they got
something but wouldn't confirm or
wouldn't confirm at all and then the
others did not respond to us one did say
they didn't get anything so okay so you
don't want to be screwing the veterans
and saying that you're giving the money
when you're not giving your money this
goes on it gets more intense so finally
yesterday Trump comes out with a list of
all the places who got the money and his
his basic story is that you know people
pledge the money but it took some time
to come through and that he himself gave
a million dollars
this is January February March April May
it's like four months later and he he
goes out and he gets in the presses face
Trump cut number one I'm not looking for
credit but what I don't want is when I
raise millions of dollars have people
say like this sleazy guy right over here
from ABC he's a sleaze my book a year
sleeves because you know the facts and
you know the facts well okay that was
actually not the complaint play the
other one played Trump - most of the
money went out quite a while ago some of
it went out more recently but all of
this has gone out and I'll give you the
names are you ready do you have your pan
and again I really think the press look
the media you know my opinion to the
media it's very low I think the media is
frankly made up of people that in many
cases not in all cases are not good
people but I think this is an example
and I just on behalf of all of the folks
that have worked hard on this and all of
the people that have made contributions
including myself I gave a million
dollars but I just want to tell you that
there are so many people that are so
thankful for what we did one other thing
that's important to know it's zero
dollars have been taken out for
administration you know when you go to a
lot of these different groups in this
case zero dollars have been taken out
for administration so a lot of these
companies they make a lot of money with
doing the administration stuff so no
money it costs $0 to accumulate all of
this money okay okay so that's that's
his story and he says you know he's
raised all this money and some of it
didn't come through and now it's coming
through then he says makes that line
about the sleaze over there he's talking
to Tom Lamas I think his name is from
ABC and longish had asked him a question
and here's the question that Wallace
asked him he said mr. Trump because
Trump now says he's written a
million-dollar check to the veterans
he says writing a million-dollar check
is an incredibly generous but the night
of that Iowa fundraiser you said you had
raised six million clearly you had not
and then he says your critics say you
tend to exaggerate you have a problem
with the truth is this a prime example
okay that's the question that MIT caused
him to call Lamas
he's okay now he went haven't gone after
Trump having gone after Lamas the press
was universally condemned natori because
the press is like the mob you know it's
like a family you go after one of them
they all come after you do not insult
the press and they all said the same
thing now I want to be absolutely clear
about this a lot of the donations the
donation for instance that Trump gave he
only gave after the press came after so
that is the job of the press right to
hound the make sure he's telling the
truth and all this stuff and so that the
press mmediately got on its high horse
this is our job asking tough questions
hounding the guy when he's not telling
the truth
and again don't get me wrong Trump does
seem to be kind of sleazy about this it
does seem that if he hadn't been hounded
so I'm not saying anything nice about
Trump that has nothing to do with from
okay chief among the reporters to attack
Trump was Dana Bash at CNN bash bashing
Trump and bash was typical in getting on
her high horse listen to her the first
cut of Dana Bash not to get too too
corny about it but it is the press
number one it is our job to ask
questions particularly of public figures
especially somebody who wants to be the
leader of the free world when they make
a promise and they do it at a very
public way like you did with this big
rally for veterans to say it is our job
to say where is the money where did it
go how much did you raise it is a
fundamental requirement and
responsibility of a free press it's what
makes us different than North Korea or
other places and he hasn't had to answer
questions like this in his prior life
he's been a public figure for decades
and he hasn't had to answer questions
because he's been a public figure in the
in the press if you will but he's been a
private citizen it's a different
ballgame now and so it is up to us to
ask the questions and I think it's
because people like Drew Griffin and
others were asking questions about where
this money is going that these veterans
groups were able to get this money and
he's was able to give all of these big
dollar amounts to all of these fabulous
organizations okay so now I want to get
it back in the Wayback Machine okay
because Dana Bash is going very high up
in very
very high-minded here this is why we're
not North Korea this is our obligation
this is the thing that we do buddy is it
about a year ago yeah but July July 2015
the Iran deal had been secured Obama
comes out and he says I've made the
world say I've made you know the Middle
East safe for humankind we've now made
sure that Iran these crazy people in
Iran will get nuclear weapons and kill
everybody it's a wonderful wonderful
thing major Garrett then working at CBS
stands up and he asks a tough question
and he asks in a very tough way do we
have the major Garrett cut yes we do all
right so major Garrett is CBS News gets
up and he asks a question because
there's still three or four hostages in
Iran who weren't part of the deal
they're cutting this deal with Iran but
they don't secure the freedom of the
hostages one of whom is a Washington
Post reporter okay so it's who now major
Garrett stands up and he asks Barack
Obama a tough question in the same kind
of tone that Lammas asked the question
of Trump here it is as you will know
there are four Americans in Iran three
held on trumped-up charges according to
your administration one whereabouts
unknown
can you tell the country sir why you are
content with all the fanfare around the
steel to leave the conscious of this
nation the strength of this nation
unaccounted for in relation to these
four Americans and last week the
chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
said under no circumstances should there
be any relief for Iran in terms of
ballistic missiles or conventional
weapons it is perceived that that was a
last-minute capitulation in these
negotiations many in the Pentagon feel
you've left the Chairman's Joint Chiefs
of Staff hung out to dry
could you comment I gotta give you
credit major for how you craft those
those questions firstly the notion that
I am content as I celebrate with
American citizens languishing in Iranian
jails
major that that's nonsense
and you should know better well you know
so that's so you didn't call him a
sleaze he's got a bama's got a little
bit he's a little bit more upper-class
he's been you know the better schools
and all that didn't Trump Trump just as
a blunt guy but that's that's pretty
much a slap in the face
what happened the press almost
universally sided with Obama and against
major Garrett here's Dana Bash same
person we just heard being so high
minded about what the pressure do here's
Dana Bash on major Garrett a fine line
between asking a tough question and
maybe crossing that line a little bit
and being disrespectful
now it's rude here we have Bill Maher
Bill Maher sent out a tweet on this same
he that major Garrett might just as well
have used the n-word okay that sweet he
compared it he compared it to calling
him the n-word just asking that tough
question here's CNN's Don Lemon and
another reporter talking about this I
was at home watching it go on wait a
minute you know it was a little out of
school but I was I thought that was the
next thing that was coming like what is
wrong with you that's what I thought he
was going to say but so Gloria has a
question reporters ask questions do you
think that was an unfair question and do
you think that Golding like I did I
think look the question about the fate
of four Americans is a completely
legitimate question right when you look
at the language in the way it was loaded
in this question capitulation are you
contented you hang the Joint Chiefs of
Staff out to dry there are different
ways to ask questions and I think again
when you look at the President and I
think John's absolutely right I don't
think he really wanted to say that's
nonsense I think he wanted to say
something a little bit stronger but you
could you could you could see that that
he was visibly angry and upset and and
irritated the president goes off on a
reporter and the press runs to the
defense of the president and this was
virtually universal and he was virtually
everywhere except I guys like Sean
Hannity on the outskirts of you know
polite conversation talking mainstream
media the
went off on a reporter and the press ran
to the defense of the president Trump
goes off on a reporter and they run to
the defense of the reporter and suddenly
it's all about the First Amendment in
North Korea and freedom the freedom of
the press these guys for eight years
have sold their soul and there are no
exceptions even the good reporters even
the Brit Humes who stood up in the Bret
bears who stood up they're involved
they're implicated but because they're
part of the media you know the media
sold its soul when you sell your soul
and the devil shows up to collect his do
you got to pay up and that's what's
happening now Trump when Trump calls
these people sleazy it is only because
they're sleazy it is because they're
sleazy it's also is Trump hiding behind
that yes he is but don't tell me that
situation was different don't tell me
the Iran deal was different in some way
that major Garrett shouldn't have just
excoriated him because we now know the
administration lied and manipulated the
press Ben Rhodes the deputy national
security adviser told the New York Times
Magazine we ripped you guys off good he
basically just added in The Times face
and was it covered yeah but now it's old
news What did he say said this is Rhodes
talking to the New York Times he said
the average reporter we talked to is 27
years old and they're only reporting
experience consists of being around
political campaigns they literally know
nothing so what did they do they planted
think-tank experts they planted
think-tank experts to call up the press
I'd say oh yeah the Iran deal great deal
new moderate you know people showing up
in Iran and the press fell for it the
press fell for it and now they have no
credibility so when Trump does this
stuff and I again I'm not defending who
Trump is or what he did but you can't
show up after eight years and say oh
we're putting on our First Amendment hat
again and now we're asking the tough
questions and by the way by the way this
is only one example you know they just
had this story which is typical typical
of these people of Katie Couric bringing
out a documentary it's now been
cancelled she brings out a documentary
on gun rights right and they're all over
LA there are billboards advertising this
thing and it's completely edited to you
know give a false impression there's a
scene in this thing where she asked
people I won't play it cuz it's you
don't you know you can find it
on YouTube but there's a scene where
Katie Couric says well if you don't have
background checks how are you going to
make sure that criminals don't get guns
and in the documentary the guns
supporters the gun rights supporters sit
there and look at each other and they
got nothing to say and they look down at
the floor and they look ashamed and the
danger music starts playing but in the
documentary bump-bump-bump I know they
got no answer to this in the real audio
in the real audio they just answered her
question they said there are laws on the
books that protect that immediately
there was no silence there was no lag
they just immediately answered her
question she edited it CBS news with Dan
Rather the guy threw away his career
bringing out fake documents to catch any
humiliation on something that had
happened 40 years ago you know I mean a
little minor transgression if he had
gotten him if he had gotten them the the
documents that he produced were debunked
within seconds let me just read you this
from Peggy Noonan this is a description
of the IRS scandal a high official in
the IRS named Lois Lerner targets though
she finds politically hateful IRS
officials are in the White House a lot
which oddly enough finds the same people
hateful news of the IRS targeting is
about to break because an Inspector
General is on the case so miss Lerner
plants a question at a conference
answers with a rehearsed lie tries to
pin the scandal on workers in a cubicle
in Cincinnati lies some more gets called
into Congress takes the fifth and then
retires with full pension and benefits
bonuses intact taxpayers will be footing
the bill for years for the woman who in
some cases targeted them and blew up the
reputation of the IRS now on the week in
July July 20th 2014 when this story blew
up okay here's the media Research Center
the saga of lower Lois Lerner's missing
emails because remember she did the same
things Clinton she dumped all her emails
it took a bunch of twists and turns this
past week but you wouldn't know it if
you only got your news from ABC CBS NBC
News on July 21st it was reported that
even more IRS officials had their hard
drives crashed on them on that same day
it was revealed that a top IRS official
was uncertain if backup tapes of
learners lost emails still existed the
next day the story changed again then on
July 23rd the head of
the IRS testified that the backup tapes
had finally been discovered but she
doesn't know how they found them how
many of these intriguing nuggets were
reported on any of the network evening
or morning shows last week zero none
they covered this thing
not at all they used the IRS the most
powerful agency in the country against
you because of your political opinions
for and Barack Obama not a smidgen of
corruption not a smidgen of corruption
these guys sold their soul and now the
devil and the devil his name Donald
shows up and takes his do they're not
going to get away with any of this stuff
Donald is gonna walk all over them and
they earned it they earned it the
mailbag you will not hear that Dana Bash
I bet you will not hear that Dana you
haven't heard that Dana Bash thing
before I'll bet you'll hear it neck home
because that's amazing it's amazing to
me that she's making excuses for the
president and calling a reporter rude
for asking the tough questions that is
amazing the mailbag it's time for the
mailbag all right here's my favorite
question that came in the mail back from
Michael hi Andrew who writes all those
wonderful monologues at the beginning of
your show they're hilarious best mic
well thank you Mike we have a hundred
and fifty comedy writers here who come
in and work 24 hours a day you can see
the scars on my brain you know I write
the mic I really appreciate that you
like them and they're all every word
comes from my teaming teaming brain mark
I have been a subscriber since the
beginning and when the episodes were
still in their single digits I thought
to myself that I should watch Ben
Shapiro's podcast before I watch yours
which has since turned into a popular
opinion because people feel Ben is
depressing and I kind of cheer them up
mark says I did this once but to this
day I still watch your podcast first
what's wrong with me mark you're
manic-depressive
I think what you enjoy is the high from
my show and then you like crashing it's
kind of a masochistic manic depressive
you should see someone about it or just
take drugs or alcohol is also good all
right from Siobhan is that how my
princess Lindsay s IOB HEA in Siobhan
okay I'm waiting for my copy of the
great good thing well thank you Siobhan
so I haven't read the part you mentioned
about your interpretation of the Jews
killed Jesus
the catholics teach that it's not the
jews who killed christ but all sinners
who were the authors of christ passion
which would be everybody since we're all
sinners what are your thoughts on this
could you go into it more in-depth than
you did last week's show on first thank
you for ordering the book i appreciate
it yes okay it's it's a little
complicated but here's the thing here's
my problem with the catholic point of
view it is definitely true and the
catholics on all their official pages
will point this out that the official
catholic opinion during say the Middle
Ages was to protect the Jews they
frequently kept people from rioting and
you know tried to persuade them there
were heroic priests who stood up against
mobs who would come after to kill the
Jews but but their basic theology which
is sometimes referred to as replacement
theology is that in Jesus the Jews were
had been kicked out of God's favor were
no longer the chosen people and
Christians had replaced the Jews in
God's sight and this became interpreted
as the Jews killed Christ if you go back
and you read the passion plays from the
Middle Ages the Jew shows up as this
mustache twirling I guess beard twirling
villain who rubs his hands and all this
and he kills Christ on the you know
betrays Christ and it was really a very
very intense racial thing and it
infected all of European culture if you
look at Shakespeare I mean that's what
Shakespeare is writing about when he
writes about Shylock you know that's a
very in its time a very sensitive
thoughtful description of a Jew he says
I'm I not a human being he makes that
famous speech but at the same time he
represents the unforgiving give me a
pound of flesh in regard to our debt
whereas the Christian hero makes the
famous speech the quality of Mercy is
not strained and so the Jews were
continually condemned and demonized by
these people my interpretation of the
Bible is simply this that God chooses
the Jews to make his re-entry into human
life after humans become separated from
him through the Garden of Eden and the
fall he uses the Jews as a doorway and
as such the Jews become both the chosen
people but they also become
representatives of all of us if you read
the Old Testament it's anime
there's nothing like it it's an amazing
story of an entire cycle of
civilizational history it's the cycle
from their creation story to their
gathering together of the tribes to
their adopting a king to their becoming
an empire to the empire falling to their
rebuilding in a more modest way that
then that's the world that altum Utley
hundreds of years later Jesus enters
into and kind of represents the whole
thing so my interpretation of that is
the Jews represent all of us and what
they do you know it's it's ridiculous to
say no any more than I would say that a
German born today is guilty of the
Holocaust which would be absurd to say a
Jew born today is guilty of what a Jew
some guy did 2,000 years later but in
the story they represent everybody and
so you're right when when they say the
Jews kill Jesus that only makes sense if
it means all of us all of us kill Jesus
any one of us who was there would have
done the same thing and that I believe
when you look at the crucifixion story
it's religious people its political
people its ordinary people that's
political you know it's all kinds of
things are out there shouting kill this
guy crucify him crucify him if you think
you wouldn't have been in that crowd you
are wrong
none of this applies to ben shapiro who
actually did kill Christ because he was
he was in a prison he'd confessed to his
cellmate who turned out to be a federal
informant I just made that part up I
couldn't resist anyway that's that's my
interpretation of it and and there is a
lot more about that in my book from
George you dear Andrew you have
mentioned before that you are a
tragedian of sorts from what I have read
the tragic world view is nearly
universal prior to the coming of the
Christian religion to what extent do you
think it is the case that modern
progressivism is fueled by his desire to
retain the comedic narrative of
Christianity apart from Christ as a very
complicated question let me see if I can
simplify it I mean the idea basically is
before this isn't it entirely true that
before the idea of Christian
resurrection and heaven that life was
just looked down as a tragedy but there
is some truth to it in the classical
Greek and Latin looked at life many of
them in it as a from a tragic point of
view and Christianity early Christianity
adopt a lot of the philosophy of
Stoicism which was this Christian thing
that you know you got through life by
not caring that much
suffering through however Christianity
had this payoff at the end you went to
heaven and a lot of people
misinterpreted that in my opinion as
being a kind forming life into a happy
story it doesn't one of the things I
love about Christianity one of the
things that I find so convincing about
Christianity it's it's a tragic religion
if you look at it if you erase all the
supernatural stuff if you erase heaven
if you erase the afterlife if you erased
the resurrection it's the story of a man
who comes from God and tells the truth
and is killed dead that is the world
without faith that is the world without
faith and it remains the world even with
faith except you add on something else
so I definitely think f scott Fitzgerald
said Americans like their tragedies with
happy endings I definitely think that
this happy talk I miss reading of
Christianity that if you believe good
things will happen to you you you know
the prosperity gospel and all this thing
stuff I think it's nonsense
Schopenhauer the philosopher called it
banal optimism I think it is a
misreading of Christianity Christianity
does nothing if not accept the tragedy
the tragic nature of human life even the
early Christians in last year or so a
couple years ago I was reading some of
the earliest Christian writings and they
would say oh you know I'd love to suffer
I would seek out suffering to be like
Christ well Christ didn't seek out
suffering Christ it was in the Garden of
Gethsemane to say get me out of this get
me out of this because he was wholly
human he was wholly human so yes I the
answer the question is yes I think there
are a lot of people who use Jesus to
create a happy talk version of life I
think that is a misreading of
Christianity I think Christianity fully
and completely embraces the tragedy of
life but says there's something more
there's this another spiritual level on
which things on which things exist
alright I'm gonna take one more I never
leave myself enough time I should just
do the whole show as a member alene asks
I says I know you and Ben are friends
with Ann Coulter but it's not fair to
give her a pass just because she cares
about illegal immigration if she would
just say yeah I know Trump is all those
horrible things but I care most about
illegal immigration so I'm on the Trump
train okay maybe but instead she
endorses and defends every horrible
thing about him from Elaine in Atlanta I
don't give an a pass what I said about
her and will continue
to say is that she's acted in keeping
with her own philosophy that no one can
say that an is trying to you know bump
up her brand or get on television or
sell her books by endorsing Trump she is
being completely true to her point of
view which is that we are being invaded
that it's more important than anything
else that the cultures that are coming
in and destroying our country we
disagree with her I disagree with and I
think she's wrong but she's on the Trump
train for reasons that are completely
legitimate and in keeping with her
personality and philosophy that's the
only thing I've said about her and I
don't think it's fair to attack hers if
she's being dishonest that's that's it
okay I've done stuff I like yesterday as
I was talking about my anniversary I
played a song by George and Ira Gershwin
so I figure it's a short week I'll just
stick with that I have made a discovery
that I think you guys are really gonna
like I haven't seen this guy around much
he gets a lot of hits on YouTube his
name is Jacob Collier he's a young
British guy in his 20s who has worked
with MIT to develop ways that he can use
only his voice to make himself an entire
a cappella choir so here he is singing
one of my favorite Gershwin songs
fascinating rhythm this is all him
singing acapella using machinery to
blend his voice together
that's that's a talented guy I mean is
really a talented Jacob Collier we'll
come back to him he'll be on stuff I
like again because he really is that
good the Cleveland this weekend is
already looming in front of us we have
one more day to go come back tomorrow
we'll try our level best to get you
through our man from Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show we will see you then
