Hollywood is under high pressure from
the left to make movies in keeping with
leftist policies after a gay and women's
rights project of the ACLU claimed the
movie industry didn't have enough female
directors to federal agencies launched
investigations into Tinseltown's hiring
practices blacks have threatened to
boycott the Academy Awards if they don't
get affirmative action Oscars and
Twitter trolls are pushing studios to
make Captain America gay and James Bond
female in response Hollywood studios
have banded together to announce they're
in big new tentpole release scheduled
for next Kwanzaa a superhero
extravaganza entitled social justice
league of america age of imaginary
problems the blockbuster will be written
and directed by lena dunham who will
also play the lead role of Cicely shrill
whine according to a studio press
release shrill whine is a brilliant
dumpy and unattractive physicist who
angrily quits MIT after a sexist
professor penalizes her just because she
doesn't know how to do any math shrill
whine retires to her secret laboratory
hidden on the cliffs of Mount grievance
and there begins a series of secret
experiments to find out just how little
a single person can contribute to
society while still complaining about
being underpaid during the experiments
shrill whine is bitten by a radioactive
strain of comitia and is transformed
into I'm so special girl whose
superpowers enable her to take off her
clothes and make every single person in
America stop watching television at the
same moment I'm so special girl
assembles an exciting array of superhero
friends including transformer man or
possibly woman angry black face
wheelchair girl fabulous Dorothy guy and
overly nice to animals person their
powers when combined make them almost
completely unbearable the Social Justice
League of America flies off to fight the
evil microaggression man who has
developed a destructive super gun that
fires judgmental thoughts able to
completely destroy the self-esteem of an
entire university even though a
microaggression man is too small for the
human eye to see a single disgruntled
look from him can render you helpless by
making you suspect you're nowhere near
as terrific as your
and dad always told you you were the
heroes of SGL a sawed-off to sustainable
city in their solar power jet the
dawdler and arrived seven days later
just in time to stop microaggression man
from unleashing of forbidden thought on
an unsuspecting public
after a climactic battle that destroys
skyscrapers traditions Liberty and most
of the best ideas mankind ever had the
social justice league finally thwarts
microaggression man by making a loud
screeching noise whenever he tries to
talk and then burying him under the
rubble of the First Amendment studio
executive Bernie solace told the showbiz
trade paper variety that he was
delighted at the plans for the film
saying quote it's way past time
Hollywood caved in to every no-talent
nonentity who can't come up with his own
idea for a franchise and so instead
wants to ruin ours SOLAS said his studio
is still not sure whether it would be
more profitable to make the new Lena
Dunham film at an estimated budget of a
hundred million dollars or to simply
gather a hundred million dollars in a
big pile and set it on fire than sell
tickets to watch it burn trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin I know I'm taking the
kids for Kwanzaa I mean all right it's
the last show before a long Cleveland's
the long cleveland this weekend because
it's Memorial Day I know I know we're
gonna have to get through it but you can
use this time to subscribe so you can be
in our next mailbag be part of the show
and eventually we will get them video
mailbag going on I hope that'll be yeah
that'll be cool and you can also watch
so it's free for 30 days and then we
automatically bill ten thousand dollars
from your parents bank account I know I
think it's 779 a month all right and you
get both me and Ben right yeah okay so
we're gonna talk more about Hollywood
today we had we're gonna have my friend
Tyler Smith who was a film critic and
also a Christian and talk to him about
why so many films with good values are
so bad and why those values are good and
so on but first we have to deal with the
news of the day the first thing that
just happened as I was driving into work
Donald Trump has now officially secured
the Republican nomination he's no longer
presumptive Trump if he is now the
actual guy which is that it really is
amazing because he announced in June so
it's under a year which may be a record
for doing this he's now got all the
delegates he needs and he's gonna rack
up more as he comes to California so
good week for Trump bad week for Hillary
Clinton bad week for Hillary Don and
this you know this story is not only big
news it's gonna get bigger this is gonna
be bigger the the Inspector General of
the State Department released a report
didn't release a report he gave it to
the government the government leaked it
to the press so somebody who doesn't
like Hillary Clinton leaked it to the
press and this thing just blasts Hillary
over her use of a private private email
server now this guy
the Inspector General is Steve linic and
he was appointed by Obama so you know
he's not he's not some right winger
going after Hillary this is what it says
it says Secretary Clinton should have
preserved any federal Records she
created and received on her personal
account by printing and filing those
records with the related files in the
office of the secretary at a minimum
Secretary Clinton should have
surrendered all emails dealing with
Department business before leaving
government service and because she did
not do so she did not comply with the
department's policies that were
implemented in accordance with the
federal Records Act now you know this
the reason this is so bad is it says she
didn't comply with the policies but the
policies were there to implement the
wall okay so it's like if if the police
said that they were gonna charge the
guys who run the Daily wire if I park
illegally the guys who run the Daily
wire would make a policy company policy
saying don't park illegally to keep me
in line with the law so that's what was
the policy was there to keep the
Secretary of State and everybody in line
with the law so if you listen to this
they say she didn't they go on to say
that Colin Powell this is what Hillary
Clinton is clinging to that Colin Powell
also failed to keep records of some of
his private emails but first of all
these rules were not fully in place when
Colin Powell was Secretary of State and
secondly he never had a server at home
that where he was sending no State
Department emails from like you know is
his laptop or something like this if
report goes on to say through her
council Secretary Clinton declined the
Inspector General's
for an interview so she didn't turn up
every other person they were talking
about because they were looking at like
five secretaries of State Madeleine
Albright Colin Powell Condoleezza Rice
and John Kerry all came in for
interviews and on top of this there were
emails that they released where people
are saying Hillary you know you oughta
have a official State Department
computer here and she keeps saying no
because then they'll be able to get
after my personal emails and find out
how corrupt I am so well maybe she
didn't say that out loud but that's
pretty much what she was thinking so
remember we're going into the California
primaries there's a new poll out that
says that Clinton and Sanders are almost
neck and neck it's 46 percent to 44
percent change from 48 percent to 41
percent in the last poll so there that's
neck-and-neck because that's in keeping
with the margin of error there's 548
delegates I think approximately Democrat
delegates at stake so it's not that it's
not that Sanders can win even if she
loses California you know even if she
has to divvy up the the delegates in
California she's still gonna win but it
just looks awful even Wolf Blitzer right
these guys who have been running the
point for the Obama administration for
seven years Wolf Blitzer has Brian
Fallon Hillary's spokesman and this guy
it's like it's too smooth for school as
far as I'm concerned and he's like yeah
well you know it says that other people
don't listen to this great Wolf Blitzer
saying why didn't she go and talk to the
inspector general it looks as if she's
got something to hide when she doesn't
even want to answer questions from the
Inspector General of the state to
problem no look wolf if she had anything
to hide she wouldn't be volunteering
since last August to go faced questions
from the Justice Department where the
stakes will be much higher than this
State Department IG investigation and as
I said the appropriateness of the State
Department I G's office conducting this
review at the same time when the Justice
Department was already looking to the
same issue is an open question there
were questions raised about this office
during the course of its investigation
there were reports about individuals in
this office coming forward and
suggesting that there were hints of an
anti Clinton bias and that's inside that
office
all of that adds interesting are you
accusing the Inspector General of the
State Department of having an anti
Clinton bias and once again this
Inspector General was named by President
Obama actually well if I think the
report today backs up much of what we
were saying and includes an appropriate
amount of context about how widespread
the use of personal email was so I
actually think the report today puts a
lot of those questions to bed based on
how fair it was in explaining that the
use of personal email was widespread and
done by her predecessors including
secretary Powell yeah that's not gonna
fly and the reason so yeah everybody was
doing it but they weren't and she didn't
ask permission and she didn't get
permission and she all the things she
said were untrue she didn't hand in all
her email she said repeatedly that she's
handed them all in there are weeks when
she first started that she hasn't handed
in any there's some that are obviously
still missing it's just you know it just
kind of shatters everything that she had
to say and it makes her look bad and the
thing is the Democrats for now will
stand up for her but the reason it's
gonna be bigger people don't like having
to lie for you people don't mind lying
for themselves cuz they convince
themselves that are telling the truth
but they don't like it when you ask them
to lie for them remember Bill Clinton
did this to everybody who got close to
him everyone who got close to him he
billed I didn't have an affair with
Monica Lewinsky nice sent people out and
they stood in front of the corne camera
and they stood up for Bill Clinton and
then it turned out they were lying
without knowing it they don't like that
very much and this just reminds people
of that the people who remember the 90s
are not gonna be happy to have these
guys back and of course Donald Trump is
making hey here's Trump and everybody
said the pundits the geniuses back there
they all said that Hillary as I say
crooked Hillary crooked Hillary
Jesus cookin as they come she had a
little bad news today as you know from
some reports came down weren't so good
but that's so good the Inspector
General's report not good but I want to
run against Hillary not Fein I just want
to run against this guy this is going to
be the funnest fascist dictatorship ever
of this guy I just love the thing with
the Presidents geniuses in the back
there he does everything but slap them
he does everything we walk back and just
go wacky alright so we'll hear about
this some more but let's pause for a
moment now and move over and look at
Hollywood because remember there's a
Hollywood left King wink connection very
deep very deep connection Ellen
DeGeneres is going to be supporting
Hillary she has announced that she will
use four extremely popular show this
back Hillary Hillary's gonna go on with
the lady Ghostbusters movie which should
go over just about as well as her
campaign all right but meanwhile out of
Hollywood are coming these stories the
big one obviously is Bill Cosby is now
going to stand trial a Pennsylvania
judge has said there's enough evidence
for him to stand trial on three of the
counts of drugging and raping women but
he's been accused by at least 50 at this
point and look this is a story that
breaks my heart Bill Cosby was a big
hero of mine when I was a kid I mean
really the poster on the wall and
everything I loved Cosby and he was a
groundbreaking comedian groundbreaking
actor not just because he was black but
because of his point of view was so so
hilarious you know obviously has some
kind of sick thing that he's doing where
you're drugging women and sleeping with
him it doesn't he doesn't even sound fun
you know but I couldn't mean that that
was something he felt that he had to do
and the question really is the question
really is and I'm I don't I convict him
but I will say that I have talked to
people who have convinced me that there
is substance to these charges let's put
it that way and you know the thing is
how did he get away with it so long how
did he get away with it so long I mean
everybody must have know people must
have known people know these things you
know these women were around
I know people who knew these women you
know they were around they were telling
people how did he get away with it
that's the question that guy 1770
now you know how did he get away with it
and that's the question and the this
comes the same time from Elijah Wood the
Lord of the Rings star right Lord of the
Rings star this is from the Daily Mail
talking about it an interview he gave to
the Time Lord of the Rings star Elijah
Wood claims that young actors in
Hollywood are being sexually abused by
predatory high-powered vipers working in
the industry The Hobbit actor 35 told
The Sunday Times that the child abuse is
probably still happening shocking
allegations the top Hollywood figures
have been protecting child abusers have
circulated wildly in recent widely in
recent years several industry figures
have been convicted following claims of
sex abuse and former child actors
including The Goonies actor Corey
Feldman now 44 claimed he was surrounded
by molesters when he was a teenager and
Henrico founder of biz Arents a group to
help young actors said the Tinseltown is
currently sheltering around a hundred
active abusers and this was a big story
a while back when Corey Feldman came out
with it
it's his digital edge digital
entertainment network which was
operating about 15 miles from where I'm
sitting right now it was having these
big parties and the parties were meant
to bring in young hopeful stars and let
these child molesters prey on them it's
it's essentially a new twist on the old
casting couch the fact that it's gay
kids is only incidental this gay
predators is only incidental because the
Predators are everywhere I mean you know
many people may not remember Roman
Polanski still a very big director won
the Oscar very recently for what was
with the pianist and he made a classic
movie Chinatown he made a famous movie
Rosemary's Baby he's an excellent
director in 1977 he had a girl over who
wanted to be a model and he drugged and
forcibly sodomized her he was 13 years
old he was charged with that but he
confessed he did he made a plea bargain
where he pled to a lesser charge okay
this is why well he pled to a lesser
charge and then realizing he might have
to go to prison he blew the country okay
cuz this is a long time ago I'm all for
forgiveness the woman herself says she's
gotten over it
but he never served his time he is a
fugitive from justice and yet when a few
years ago he stepped in
Switzerland and the Swiss authorities
arrested him all of Hollywood turned out
in his defense is when Whoopi Goldberg
made her famous remark about him I know
it wasn't rain but I don't believe it
was rape rape and when we get all the
information somebody else huh me in my
ear all I'm trying to get you to
understand is when we're talking about
what someone did and what they were
charged with we have to say what it
actually was not what we think it was
okay so it wasn't rape rape Polanski
when he was asked about this at the time
right he was on television when he was
charged with it he said well I wanted
young girls that's what we all want we
all want young girls so what's what's
the big deal you know Woody Allen
recently accused by his daughter his
adopted daughter Dylan of having raped
molested her when she was seven years
old just got you know he denies it but
he just got back from Cannes he wasn't
asked about it nobody said a word about
it just big applause for the genius
director my friend John Nolte of an
excellent observer of Hollywood has
claimed four years that Hollywood is
making movies trying to normalize child
sexual abuse an adult using a child for
seconds rape there's no question about
it not not rape rape it's not rape any
kind of rape that child does not have
the capacity to know what's what to do
to know whether to say yes or no and
that's what rape is it's it's taking
somebody without their consent and a
child can't give informed consent it is
rape pure and simple rape down to the
ground and so Nolte claims well Allen
ball made this movie towelhead and Kate
Winslet me the reader and this is all
you know you wrote this a few years ago
let me bring on my guest have we got our
yes all right Tyler Smith is a film
critic and he also happens to be a
Christian and he sees things from a
really really interesting point of view
he has to movie podcast when his
battleship pretension which I love me
another is called more than one lesson
how're you doing Tyler good so I'm just
I'm just I hope you heard a little bit
of that parade of atrocity coming out of
our friends in Hollywood I did there's
no better introduction than hey rape
rape rape
it's funny it's funny you're always
introduced like that I don't know what
that no I'm but but you know first of
all people are always complaining people
on the right are always saying we want
more g-rated films we want more films
with good values and all this hey first
of all are they right to complain and do
they really want them it's hard to know
because you know it's so I'm such a film
nerd and one could say a film snob that
I I don't know what real people want
what like normal actual people want
anymore it's just me and my dumb friends
well then let me ask you this then
alright let me let me ask you this when
those films come out especially
Christian films films whether you know
people like you and me you are a little
bit art to RT we're a culture vultures
were a little bit snobbish yeah we look
at these films like God is not dead and
all these things and we think it's not
that they're terrible it's that they're
kind of like like romantic comedy level
films why are so many Christian films so
bad well and here's here's my first
disagreement with you okay I think they
are terrible alright
I was being nice I okay yeah well you
have to be more diplomatic than me when
you're a critic you can just say
whatever you know and people will hate
you no matter what so yeah I think a lot
of it comes down to I think there's a
difference between serving your audience
and pandering to your audience and I
think a lot of Christian filmmakers
think that they're serving their
audience but in fact all they're doing
is telling their audience you're right
nobody and and nobody understands you
but me which is a certain type of
populism that as we've seen in politics
lately kind of works yeah and so you
know and so when when people are when
they look at the rest of Hollywood and
they see that that these films don't
reflect my beliefs or values they'll
turn to you know it's like that any port
in a storm kind of thing and yeah and
this happens pretty regularly with any
number of demographics like if you're
not a guy aged 18 to 35 people are
regularly fascinated that you're
interested in seeing movies so like you
know like for
african-americans and women like anytime
a movie does well like when Tyler Perry
movies started doing well people thought
like how are these doing so well well
because it's an underserved audience
right and it's the same with it's the
same with the Christian audience yeah
and yet when I when I saw the film
revenant which I really liked a lot and
said it was a Christian film when I've
talked about the fact that I think The
Sopranos has Christian values I mean I
despite all the sects open sacks and the
cursing and the violence and all this
stuff Christians write to me on mass and
tell me I'm out of my mind there's
nothing Christian about these films what
do you think I think they're incorrect
because yeah and I've gotten a fair
amount of that myself you know it's I
think there's a difference between
depicting something and endorsing it you
know if you're gonna show let's go with
The Sopranos if you're gonna have a show
about the mob okay well these are people
who are perpetually choosing themselves
over anybody else and so that's going to
it's just it's basically a world of
hedonism and so there's gonna be a lot
of swearing there's gonna be a lot of
sex there's gonna be a lot of violence
and frankly the if you want to really
depict that world and you really want to
show the depravity of that world I
personally feel like you need to show it
maybe not in the most graphic detail but
enough to really get it and I think a
lot of people seem to think that simply
by showing that that the show is
endorsing that and endorsing this
lifestyle well I got into this debate a
lot with the wolf of wallstreet which I
thought was a wonderful film me too and
I thought I thought it I definitely
don't think Scorsese endorses this
lifestyle but some people that say like
look at this excess it's like exactly
it's excess do you want to be this
character I don't I might want his money
but I certainly don't wanna be him it
was a may an amazing thing I felt only a
like lapsed Catholic director I could
have could have made a movie in which
sex looked so unappealing it was walk
away from that movie thinking boy I hope
I never you know am in that situation
because he made it really look ugly and
there comes a moment in wolf of
wallstreet to stick with that for a
moment because this actually happened
not merely with Christians that I know
but with other critics who thought like
who felt like well for the average
person
you know they might not be able to pick
up on what Scorsese is doing and my
first thought is like well that's a
little bit condescending but also to me
the minute he punches his wife in the
stomach it seems to me that the film is
not endorsing anything that could have
led to that decision right right so it's
but but that's the thing is it comes
down to this concept the concept of
discernment which is to kind of comb
through things recognize that not
everything's for you but even those can
be serving a larger truth one that you
prop that you might actually agree with
you know there's this writer Christian
writer Matt Walsh who has come out
repeatedly and attacked Game of Thrones
and any Christian who watches Game of
Thrones my favorite television show
possibly my favorite television show of
all time I mean a show it's a show yeah
I mean it's a show I almost watch in
real time you know i videotape it and
then rush upstairs and watch it video
today but that's what 1962 but I used
the old gizmo as power up they could put
some coal in the old gizmo and what do
you think you think it can be a sin to
watch something like that that's
essentially what Walsh is saying I do
think that there are matters of
conviction I do I'll say this I don't
watch Game of Thrones because of some of
the stuff that I struggle with you know
personally and that's the thing that my
wife and I have talked about I watched
the first episode it's filled with
nudity and as I and there was one scene
where I thought the nudity felt like
it's like this absolutely needed to
happen the rest of it seemed like excess
but I don't condemn you for watching it
meanwhile maybe my favorite show of all
time is Deadwood which had plenty of
that yeah yeah but it didn't set off any
alarms whereas Game of Thrones for me
did but I'm not going to be upset with
you because you're I think you're smart
enough guy and a sincere enough
Christian that while we do need to be on
our guard I think you're able to keep
those guards up and get out of it what
you can to sort of enrich your own
enrich your own life I also feel that
HBO does this repeatedly Showtime does
it repeatedly what they do is they stock
the first season with you know
completely extraneous and useless sex to
the point where you know at one point I
turned to my wife and said you know put
your put your shirt on sister I'm trying
to
the dialog you know it's like just do it
to distract whenever somebody had to
explain something some girl took off her
clothes
but then they stopped you know by the
time by now there really is not a lot of
extraneous nudity in it and and just to
be honest about it I mean yeah is it a
thrill yeah it is but the story is great
and I I don't know I guess I feel like
you know one of one of the things on my
path to Christianity one of the books I
read was was by the Marquis de Sade was
wrote essentially sadistic pornography
and I was reading him I hate to say it
but I wasn't read him not for that but
for his atheist philosophy and I thought
these two things go together the sadism
and this eight these will go together
and it convinced me that I was not an
atheist and could never be an atheist
you know so I mean if a guy is honest I
guess I feel that that's where that's
where the that's where the truth comes
out if the guy is honest the truth comes
out no matter what he's trying to say
basically and that's what I think of
Game of Thrones I just think it's an
amazingly truthful thing so so when you
you made a point you stopped watching
Game of Thrones because you felt of what
it did to you there was something wrong
with that but but not fill on jong-soo
levels I would say basically and at this
point just through cultural osmosis and
being friends with people that I'm
friends with I've picked up on a lot of
Game of Thrones you know red wedding
yeah the the mountain and the Viper
stuff like that and so not only is it
like the the titillation of nudity and
that kind of thing but also I think just
philosophically I think it would do and
emotionally I think it would really do a
number on me that just what I'm starting
to feel optimistic it's not a happy show
you might want to wait for the musical
to come out I think what what is the
problem do you think do you believe what
John Nolte said that Hollywood you know
we always talk about you and I both know
that Hollywood is not a monolith I mean
it's a lot of different people doing
different things but it does sometimes
seem that they are selling us a cultural
bill of goods and not only that as I
said in my opening that they are being
pressured to sell us a left-wing
cultural bill of goods do you feel that
ade you've let me ask you this do you
feel that they are and do you feel that
it matters
they are yes do so there's a certain
degree of idealism in me that I believe
that people I'll put the the studio
system to the side for a moment and I'll
just talk about individual writers and
directors I think if you're an artist
you're trying to you're trying to put
your own point of view your own
interpretation of the world out there
for people to see you're trying to
engage with the audience and people in
Hollywood by and large are left-leaning
they're not particularly sympathetic to
Christians and so they will sincerely
try to communicate their beliefs and so
that's that's me trying to be as as
diplomatic as I can but then every once
no every once in a while you know and so
I'll watch movies and I'll see that okay
well there's there's some stuff in here
I don't believe in and things I don't
agree with and that's okay I don't watch
movies to have my own my own personal
beliefs affirmed like they're my beliefs
are fine they're not going anywhere I
don't need a movie to tell me I'm right
but they're there will everyone smile
there are certain filmmakers and there's
just certain I would say movements of
film in which are much more aggressive
in there and like it's not merely enough
that they want to express what they
believe and certainly when you express a
belief you want to try to influence the
the audience I don't think there's
anything wrong with that but like it's
one thing to try to persuade the
audience another thing to try and
manipulate them to browbeat them to
bully them to feel - and one could even
say shaming them for these things that
they believe inside come on can't you
just get past these these old-fashioned
flyover state ideas and that's that's
when for me it really okay becomes
jarring since when I haven't watched a
Michael Moore movie and nobody has I
think all right well I'm out of time
unfortunately I'd like to continue the
conversation but we'll have you back and
we'll talk about it some more Tyler
Smith he has two movie podcasts
battleship pretension and more than one
lesson to other thanks a lot for coming
on I'll talk to you again thanks for
having me all right boy I mean one of
one of my feelings about this by the way
as I believe that like I believe so
deeply that God is real that I think if
somebody tells an honest story even if
it's an honest atheist story God is
gonna shine through that story so that's
one of the reasons I'm not as worried
about stuff I like we're approaching
Memorial Day where I like to end with
some music I want to read you just one
small thing that I wrote it's a small
paragraph from an essay I wrote about
the poem Beowulf which is the first poem
in English I was for a collection of
essays on different works that could be
called thrillers and I wrote about
Beowulf and I was talking about the
military ethos the Warrior Ethos in
Beowulf and I said we in the modern West
have been so powerful so dominant so
safe in our homes for so long that we
slipped too easily into the illusion
that we live at peace we are never at
peace not really when we go to the
ballet or walk in the park or stop to
smell a rose or read a book we only do
so by the good graces of the fighters
who stand ready to kill and die to
defend us soldiers on our borders police
officers on our streets only the threat
of their physical force keeps those who
would murder robbed or enslave us at bay
every moment of tranquility and freedom
implies the warrior who protects it so
as you are enjoying your tranquility and
freedom this Memorial Day and laughing
hilariously at the mix fix we've all
gotten ourselves into politically just
remember that somebody paid a very very
high price for it here is Billy Ray
Cyrus singing some gay ball and then
we'll come back
never dicen recall
I'm Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew
Clavin show god Bless America in spite
of us and I'll see you on Tuesday
