the Justice Department has announced new
guidelines aimed at destroying
prejudices against people who are
painfully thin physically but identify
as obese formerly known as anorexics
these Americans are now referred to more
correctly as trans fats though not to be
confused with the trans fats found in
donuts which need no help from the
Justice Department because we all agree
they're absolutely awesome the Justice
Department guidelines provide that
states may no longer require trans fat
persons to buy clothes that fit or to
walk through a turnstile that a
300-pound person would normally get
stuck in furthermore anyone who calls a
trans fat skinny or summons an ambulance
when she passes out from malnutrition or
attempts to perform CPR when she dies of
starvation can be fined upward of two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for
violating the constitutional restriction
against being a big meanie likewise if a
trans fat person who looks like a death
camp victim should stick her fingers
down her throat in an attempt to make
herself vomit up a piece of cheese she
swears she only meant to suck on for a
moment but accidentally swallowed
observers will be required to remark I
see your point there sure are a lot of
calories and cheese blandly sinister
Attorney General Loretta Lynch told
reporters quote I grew up under Jim Crow
laws and therefore I will not rest until
every freakish nutball in America has
been used to distract the public from
the catastrophic failures of the Obama
administration there are laws against
mistreating people of the trans fat
persuasion and yes okay I made those
laws up in my imagination but that's how
our Constitution works in my imagination
unquote the blandly sinister lynch went
on to speak with touching emotion about
the american history of abuses against
trans fat people as when they were sent
to psychiatrists as if they suffered
from some kind of mental disorder and
even force-fed to keep them from
starving themselves to death as if they
suffered from some kind of mental
disorder President Barack Obama approved
of the Justice Department's new crusade
saying at a press conference quote I've
screwed up our healthcare system beyond
repair I've engulfed the Middle East in
flames and I've put what should have
been a recovering economy on a path to
zero percent growth but if I can
trespass on the people's rights to
govern themselves in order to support
just one completely made-up minority
I'll have given the news media cover to
go on kissing my black ass too long
after I'm dead unquote the presidential
press conference ended on a light note
when the president asked
assembled reporters that I just say that
out loud and the laughing reporters
responded say what mr. president we
didn't hear a thing
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show that's
just mean I know I'm being mean to trans
fat person this is the all sex show
we're gonna talk about nothing but sex
but first it's yeah yeah good sex but
unfortunate abusive sexual abuse of
sight is not so much fun but before I do
that I know I keep bothering you about
subscribing so you can see stuff but
also so you can participate tomorrow we
will do the mailbag yet again answering
all your questions with diagrams and
professor will help float you know
flying professors to explain things to
questions and you can see the show so
you could see for instance this meme
that we're going to put up that it was
tweeted to me this is apparently a
famous meeting and I will describe it
for those of you who are too damn cheap
to subscribe for free you get it for
free for 30 days but you're too cheap
even for that so this is a meme it shows
a dog says basically how I'm handling
life right now it shows a dog having a
cup of coffee in a burning house that's
the first frame and the second frame is
a dog having a cup of coffee in a
burning house saying this is fine and
yesterday I was tweeted this from Scott
bits in Wisconsin who said the first
frame is me after listening to the
Baxter Bureau show the second still
sitting in the burning house but after
listening to me he thinks this is fine
into into going back to something I was
talking about last week in last week's
mailbag about the tragic point of view
and why the tragic point-of-view sounds
sad but actually makes you kind of jolly
because life is tragic and when you live
according to realistic expectations
you're happier you know when you're I
think a lot of and I was also talking
about this yesterday I think a lot of
America's problems stem from not
accepting the tragic nature of certain
occurrences you know F scott Fitzgerald
said that Americans want to want their
tragedies with
happy ending and I think that that
there's a lot of truth to that and I
think that part of what we're seeing for
one thing I think george w bush's
reaction to 9/11 which i now regard as
largely an error and i I understood the
logic of it I appreciated the logic of
it I was sorry he never could explain
the logic of it because he was so
inarticulate but basically what he said
is we have supported these strong men
abusive governments and these strong men
abusive governments have supported this
radical Islam to keep the people
satisfied with religion while vase you
know stole all the money from the oil
and this has got to stop and we're now
gonna score around replacing governments
and spreading freedom starting with Iraq
basically and that made a lot of sense
but it was so ambitious it was so
ambitious and then very badly done in
Iraq it just took him too long to send
enough people to do what had to be done
by the time he did it the left have been
able to use that in their unpatriotic
way to shoot down once again what they
considered conservative governance even
though George W Bush was not a
conservative but still to shoot down the
GOP and got elected this incompetent
anti-american president who has now
driven us to the point where we are out
of our minds we are basically so divided
that we're looking at crazy people like
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders as our
next president very similar to what's
happening in Austria and I'll get back
to that later at the end of the show
because it's important but but my point
is just that a lot of this a lot of the
reactions were seeing to Trump are a
failure of conservatives to accept the
tragic fact that we have lost this
election and one of those reactions the
reaction I talked about yesterday was
the reaction of conservatives fighting
with each other but the other thing is
this invasion of the body snatchers
thing where people start out saying well
look I think Trump is the second worst
thing that could happen so I'm gonna
vote for him which I respect to suddenly
this kind of wild enthusiasm for a guy
who violates all of our principles or
principles about honesty or principles
about immorality and and basically our
principle are most importantly probably
our principles about big government
because we don't really know what his
reactions to anything are and he's been
a lifelong Democrat a lifelong supporter
of Democrats a lifelong contributor to
Democrats and so a lot of wild
enthusiasm for this guy on the part of
conservatives is just makes no sense
it's theological and so I think it's
kind of a reaction to the fact that we
don't accept that we've lost this
election the one person I exempt by the
way is Ann Coulter and Coulter hates
Mexicans coming into the country so much
that she supported Trump from the very
beginning it's in keeping with her
philosophy although not in keeping with
some of her more conservative ideas I
thought she was more of a by-the-book
conservative but still she got on the
Trump train early this is what she
believes and I think she's wrong but you
know I don't think she's being dishonest
okay now we have to talk about however
no matter what I think about Trump the
media you know in the old days when they
wanted to film a an actress a movie star
actress who had gotten past her prime
and she had starting to started to look
that she was in the engineer or it would
put vaseline on the camera lens it would
soften the view of her so she still
looked like the young ingenue she used
to be that is what the media is to
Donald Trump it is Vaseline on the lens
when you look at Donald Trump through
the lens of the media he looks so much
better than he does when you just look
at him as a compare him to say your
principles when you hold them up to your
principles he looks terrible when you
hold on it next to the media it's a it's
amazing how good he looks he put out an
ad yesterday about Hillary Clinton
attacking Hillary Clinton on Bill
Clinton's abuse of women and Hillary
Clinton's basic acceptance of that abuse
here's the ad I was very nervous no
woman should be subjected to it because
an assault
the cut line is here we go again these
people back in the White House those
were some of the women that accused Bill
Clinton of abusing them and Hillary
Clinton laughing and a picture of Bill
Clinton smoking a big cigar okay so that
reminds us of what he did with Monica
Lewinsky in the Oval Office well the
press is shocked the press is shocked
that he would go there you know that
somehow this is off basin it's not just
the left-wing press but let's start with
the left-wing press Chris Cuomo as I
keep saying nobody named Cuomo should be
called himself a journalist okay he's
just the Democrat hack you know funding
for the Democrat Party on Democrat
fronting CNN so Chris Cuomo goes to
Michael Cohen the a spokesman for Trump
and says isn't this bad for Trump I mean
it's so lovely of Chris to worry about
reputation isn't this bad for Trump
here's here's this extreme isn't that
bad for Donald Trump why why is it bad
for it why is it bad for mr. Trump what
he's doing is he's exposing not just
Bill Clinton for what he was and what he
had done but it's the same as it relates
to Hillary she mr. Trump as being a
sexist misogynist and that's inaccurate
Donald Trump's not any of those things
and again what they're trying to do is
to portray him as such so that they can
end up turning the women against mr.
Trump when in fact the women seem to be
turning against Hillary Clinton for
being the enabler in chief if you are
not a sexist what you usually say is I'm
not a sexist here's all the things that
prove that I'm not here all the
beautiful things the beautiful women you
don't turn around say actually you're
the sexy you call me a sexist I call you
said seems juve except what she's doing
is she's deflecting the issue is there
really the she's the enabler in chief
and he happens to be the sexist so
instead she needs to win the women's
vote that's what she's certainly not
gonna win the men's vote I love I love
Cuomo explaining to him what you do if
somebody calls you a sexist in other
words what he what he is saying is if
somebody calls you a sexist you
immediately should become defensive and
try and defend yourself because this is
the this is the playbook
what's the matter Trump
is messing up the playbook the playbook
is we accuse you and you try to defend
yourself uselessly and that takes over
the new cycle Trump is going how about
this how about you attack me and I crush
you how would that be you know at least
you know the one good thing I will say
at least chivalry isn't dead at least
you know Chris Cuomo is running to the
defense of Hillary Clinton the late a
lady in distress okay but not just Chris
Cuomo Bill O'Reilly doesn't just think
it's bad for Trump
he thinks it's bad for the entire
reputation of America listen to this I
know I understand what you're trying to
do here is inhibit mrs. Clinton from
attacking you personally by saying if
you play that game then I can come back
ten times harder I understand that but
is you know that it makes the country
look bad abroad and things like that
that's what worries me
I mean I understand the Clinton attack
machine I got it and I think it has to
be dealt with someone but I think maybe
Karl I don't like doing that I don't
like doing that but I have no choice
when she hits me on things I just have
no choice so you have to do it it's
unfair and you know they're dirty
players they've been dirty players
historically and I have to fight back
the way I have to fight back talking
about why are these why are these media
experts telling Donald Trump what he
should be doing when everything done
from those works you know why what is
this thing you know isn't this bad for
you you mean because my poll numbers
keep going up because I just stole the
Republican nomination from 17 guys who
the wrote you know every every single
one of which the establishment wanted
more than me you know should be doing
what I do I don't even understand what
this is
you know why Bill O'Reilly suddenly is
worried about the reputation of our
nation well let's talk about this for a
minute first of all the left is going
nuts in the New York Times you know I
always call the New York Times a former
newspaper and the reason I do that is
because it used to be a great newspaper
it actually used to be a great newspaper
Republicans always felt the New York
Times was too liberal because the
editorial page was liberal but in fact
the front page used to be pretty
straightforward whenever they would take
studies of it it was right down the line
but what the left always does is the
left is like some kind of hideous horror
movie
that eats out the innards of respected
institutions and fills and turns them
into these zombies that still look like
the respected institution on the outside
but inside are just now this kind of
dead living dead representative of the
Democrat Party so that's what's happened
to the New York Times that's what
happened to them most of our
universities a lot of these universities
Yale Harvard used to be great
universities and in those universities
there's still pockets of greatness but
the left has eaten them out from within
until they're just zombie universities
really representing this soul dead
creature inside them of Democrat you
know governance and they've done this to
our entertainment industry that
entertainment industry was always a
little liberal artists were always a
little liberal but it was not just this
propaganda machine you know you just
look at the movies that have come out
this year and it's like one transgender
gay movie after another and I don't even
I don't even care about those issues but
just make tell me a story for crying out
loud oh tell me about your superior
moral life in Hollywood please attend
the New York Times The New York Times
now if you read the New York Times front
page you get the feeling that the
editors in the morning instead of saying
what's the news today are saying how can
we advance the Democrat addenda what you
know because they know that people just
glanced at the headlines but most people
do not read a story how often do you
read a news story till from beginning to
end I mean I try to do it a lot but I do
it more than most people most people
just go their eyes travel down the front
page the front page of the New York
Times is consistently organized to sell
Democrat ideas and to express Democrat
anxieties that's the other thing you
always know what the Times is worried
about by what they put on the front page
so what's on the front page today
Kenneth Starr this is the headline
Kenneth Starr who tried to bury Bill
Clinton now only praises him now Kenneth
Starr you'll remember was the special
prosecutor who was brought in to find
out about Hillary Clinton and Monica
Lewinsky and his his perjury that
perjury that Clinton committed and he
was supposed to investigate him all
right so he says here's that this story
an unlikely voice recently been moaned
the decline of civility and precedential
politics warned the deep anger was
fueling an almost radical populism and
sang the praises of former President
Bill Clinton the voice was that of
Kenneth W star the former whitewater
independent council that's right he was
brought in I forgot he was brought in to
do whitewater and then his his
investigation as all independent council
investigations do spread out over the
the wrongdoing throughout the
administration he calls they say his jab
there like pursuit of mr. Clinton in the
1990s do you know who Jeff era's does
anybody remember he is from Lane miserab
he's the cop who pursued Jean Valjean
four thousand four four hundred pages
across the landscape of France for
stealing a loaf of bread right to feed
his family and Javert was this obsessive
cop who pursued himself he starts being
compared to Javert and he said something
nice about Clinton he said his genuine
empathy for human beings is absolutely
clear it is powerful it is palpable and
the folks of Arkansas really understood
that about him okay now just to remind
you by the way that no one ever called
special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald
Javert like no one on the Left no one at
the New York Times ever called Patrick
Fitzgerald Javert like when he went
after George W Bush for the Valerie
Plame nonsense right that was that
nonsense when Valerie Plame's husband
accused george w bush of getting it
wrong that the that iraq saddam hussein
was trying to get his hands on weapons
of mass destruction material to make
weapons of mass destruction george w
bush was right joseph wilson was wrong
so the press turned the story on its
head to be about valerie plame Wilson's
wife and how somebody had named her in
the press and she was a CIA agent and
this needed a big investigation and Bush
like an idiot fell for it and appointed
a special prosecutor who then went nuts
and ultimately wound up in Daviess too
but nothing to do with anything nobody
ever called him aver but Kenneth Starr
is Javert because he investigated Bill
Clinton so inside the paper David Brooks
David Brooks who is a hologram of
elitism there is no David Brooks anymore
David Brooks was brought in to be this
conservative commentator on the op-ed
page he is now just a spokesman for a
latest New York Times opinion he is he
is possibly I mean if they were if there
were no other if the rest of the
columnist at the New York Times weren't
so bad David Brooks would be the
oh he's just an empty shell of any kind
of political commentary why is Clinton
dislike that's his column today why is
Hillary Clinton dislike he says I
understand why Donald Trump is so
unpopular he earned it the old-fashioned
way by being obnoxious insulting and
offensive but why is Hillary Clinton so
unpopular and then he gets right to the
heart of her unpopularity he says I
would begin my explanation with this
question can you tell me what Hillary
Clinton does for fun you think I'm not
clinton's unpopularity is akin to the
unpopularity of a workaholic her formal
career-oriented persona puts her in
direct contrast with the mores of the
social media age which is intimate
personalist revealing trusting and
vulnerable it puts her in conflict with
most people's lived experience most
Americans feel more vivid and alive
outside the working outside the work
experience than within so of course too
many she seems Machiavellian crafty
power oriented trustworthy okay
nothing this is unbelievable I mean
there's nothing about the lies and the
flip-flopping the alleged but very
probable influence peddling to Corning
Glass when she was a Senate when she was
a u.s. senator to the Russians selling
uranium are that there are uranium
supplies when she was Secretary of State
nothing about her hiding her emails
nothing about her wiping her servers
nothing about the Benghazi dead where
she probably stood in front of the
coffins and lied to the parents of the
Benghazi did well I have about the
causes of their death I mean that alone
that alone would make her detestable I
mean never mind illegal or legal that
just is detestable and that's proved you
don't need a smoking gun for that the
gun is smoking away you know what is
this guy talking about but let's go back
let us let us go back and see if Donald
Trump is on the right or wrong to put
out this ad it okay let's go back and
look at this first let's just start with
Juanita Broderick I mean this is the
woman who very plausibly accused Bill
Clinton of rape she was a nursing home
administrator in Arkansas she was a
volunteer and supporter for Bill
Clinton's gubernatorial campaign in 1978
she was supposed he Clinton was supposed
to meet her in a coffee
in her hotel to discuss his campaign and
her volunteering for his campaign he
maneuvered his way into her hotel room
he said I want to avoid the press so
I'll meet you in your hotel room this is
what happened very upsetting stuff yeah
I think everybody in the room has moved
including me very very upsetting stuff
now after that at a meeting Hillary
Clinton and Bill come into a meeting
where Juanita Broderick is standing and
she hasn't yet said anything about this
okay she hasn't been said that here's
her description of this to a much
younger sean hannity the minute they
came in the door I'm standing over in
the living room area and actually then
come through the kitchen area and I see
her going up to someone and they're
pointing at me and I see him go the
opposite direction I assumed when they
came in if I was still there that he
might come up and say something but she
made her way just as quick as she could
to me and what happened well I got very
almost got nauseous when she came over
to me and she came over to me took a
hold of my hand and said I've heard so
much about you and I've been dying to
meet you I've been wanting to meet you I
can't this is paraphrasing right
and she said I just want you to know how
much that bill and I appreciate what you
do for him and I said well thank you and
I started to turn and walk away this
woman this little little soft-spoken
pardon me for the phrase dowdy woman
that would seem very unassertive took
ahold of my hand and squeezed it and
said do you understand everything that
you do I could have passed out at that
moment so what she's saying is that
Hillary Clinton came up squeezed her
hand said we appreciate everything that
you do and she took this as a threat but
you know that's that's a nonverbal
communication but we don't have to take
her word for it here is Hillary Clinton
on her famous Matt Lauer interview where
she talked about how this all these
accusations the bill was having an
affair with Monica Lewinsky were a
result of the vast right-wing conspiracy
forgive the poor sound quality of this
byte but try to listen to what Lauer
asks her and what she responds if an
American had an adulterous is on in the
White House and lied to cover it up
should the American resignation well
they should certainly be concerned about
it today's first resignation well if all
that were proven true I think that would
be a very serious offense that is not
going to be proven true I think we're
gonna find some other things and I think
that when all of this is put into
context and we really get their
motivation backgrounds look at their
past behavior some folks are gonna have
a lot to answer for
okay so Lauer asked her just in case you
couldn't hear it he says if it's proved
true that he that basically was a sexual
predator on this woman young enough to
be his daughter in using is the
tremendous power he had on a woman with
no power to seduce her into this
relationship should we ask him to resign
and this is what she says this is what
Hillary says on national TV I think
we're going to find some other things I
think that when all of this is put into
context and we really look at the people
involved here meaning the women look at
their motivations and look at their
backgrounds look at their past behavior
some folks are going to have a lot
to answer for okay so she's she's
threatening the women on TV she's
telling them we're coming after you and
if that's not specific enough two weeks
later this is from gateway pundit less
than two weeks later on February 8th
former high-level Clinton White House
operative George Stephanopoulos who we
all know is the ABC head of the ABC News
now right George suckle Apogee's he goes
on this week and he says that the
Clinton administration was threatening
to go scorched earth on Clinton's
accusers okay Sam Donaldson says to him
says to George Stephanopoulos we know
what the White House tactics are I mean
they have been almost open about it
attacked the press and perhaps with good
reason attacked the Independent Counsel
perhaps for some good reason and
Stonewall on the central issue which is
the President of the United States if he
has nothing to hide
why is he hiding Stephanopoulos says I
agree with that there's a different long
term strategy strategy which I think
would be far more explosive White House
allies are already starting to whisper
about what I'll call the Ellen romich
strategy now Ellen Rometsch was an East
German Soviet spy who had sex with JFK
because Jaffna I don't think there were
three women in the United States who
didn't sleep with JFK when Republicans
start to say hey this guy is sleeping
with Russian spy maybe we should say
something Bobby Kennedy had J Edgar
Hoover go to Congress and say listen
boys because J Edgar Hoover famously
spied on everybody and had dope on
everybody he said listen boys you go
after JFK and everything that you have
done sexually is on the table we are
going to shut you down so he's talking
about intimidation they are talking
about intimidating these women this
Hillary Clinton was part of this what
Trump is saying is completely on the
table Hillary Clinton is running on the
90s she's running on you know we're
gonna bring back the Clinton economy and
what Trump is saying is she's also gonna
bring back the fact that she's a
dishonest person who protect not only
protected you know not only lived with a
predator but protected him she took
obvious steps Katherine Kathleen Willey
who was molested she said she was
molested by Bill in the Oval Office said
Hillary Clinton
is the war on women okay Hillary Clinton
is the war on women because she feels
that her life was virtually destroyed
all right now all this matters for a lot
of reasons I mean obviously rape is a
heinous crime which basically is a
violation not just the body but a soul
but we talked yesterday about what's
happening in in Austria okay similar to
here right the the main parties are
shunted out of the roulette of the
election and a far left and a far right
guy compete they were deadlocked when we
were talking yesterday now it turns out
that the left-wing candidate won the
election all right the left-wing
candidate won the election against
Norbert hopper who was on the far-right
anti-immigrant right-wing guy well of
course the press is elated the press
tapes you know they oh my gosh Austria
has dodged the bullet we don't but
listen to the statistic for a minute all
right
norbert hoppers political base is to be
found among the art by turn the
working-class were seventy two percent
of voters seventy two percent of the
working-class turned to Hoffer compared
to five percent for his rival okay which
is kind of similar to what's happening
with Trump right all these guys are
working-class people who are supporting
him think about what the left is think
about what the left means right the left
is the Workers Party the left is the
Socialist Workers Party as the party of
the workers the workers don't want them
why because policies suck for workers
you know all everything they do is good
for big business everything the left
does is good for big business regulation
you know crony capitalism all of its
great for big business even feminism
which doubles the workforce and means
they can have wages they can cut wages
you know all of it is good for big
business it screws the worker the left
has abandoned the worker so then what is
their reason for being their only reason
for being is to seduce minorities the
way they used to seduce the workers to
tell minorities they're gonna do for
them what they fail to do for the
workers and among those minorities or
women why women how women became a
minority beats me but somehow women are
oppressed you know American women
possibly the least oppressed group of
people yet on the face of the planet
but suddenly they've been convinced by
the left there
they're selling the same bill of goods
they sold the workers until the workers
caught on the workers caught on so all
they have is you are a victim that's all
they have left and that's why it matters
and that's why Donald Trump is
completely on the right in the right to
go after them with their abuse of the
very people they think are their base so
there's four Donald Trump there's me
defending Donald Trump I thought I would
never I never see it but there it is
all right stuff I like stuff I like I
really wanted this week just to talk
about ancient you know classical works
that are readable stuff that you should
read is good to read because people get
afraid of clay I think oh it's the
Greeks it's hard you know it's in
translation and all this stuff but some
of this stuff is our foundational
documents in the same way that our
Constitution and declaration or
foundational documents this is where
everything we think of comes from and
one of the most important ones is it's
called the apology of Plato but it's
really that's from the Greek word
apologia which means defense and it is
the speech that Socrates the philosopher
was supposed to have made at his trial
when he was being tried for corrupting
the youth and disrespecting the gods
because what Socrates would do is he
would go around the Agora and he would
come up to young people and he would
challenge their ideas and he would start
to question them and show them how their
ideas didn't make any sense and he was
put on trial for this and ultimately he
was executed he was given hemlock to
drink he had to drink the hemlock and so
this is his speech that he's supposed to
have made before in defense of himself
and then while they were after they had
found him guilty and then after they had
sentenced him to death these are the
three speeches that he made it is very
readable it's really exciting and it's
so much of our foundational you know
there are two pillars of Western society
Jesus and Socrates or jito Jesus and
Plato Socrates we'll call him
both of them were put to death for
blasphemy both of them were judicially
murdered for blasphemy and so when
people start to talk about like Muslims
in the UN say there should be laws
against blasphemy free speech at end
with blasphemy we know better and we
know better because of documents like
this also this is where we really start
to get the idea that you can question
everything that reason you can reason
about everything and all these little
snowflakes on campus who want safe
spaces every time Ben comes in
so them have to run and hide and stick
their head under the pillow every time
the evil shapiro comes to town
they're killing Socrates all over again
because that's what Socrates did he
questioned their most precious
assumptions this is it's a great read
it's a moving read it's a read of it
it's a story of one of the great men of
history being judicially executed and
handling it with a dignity honour and
philosophy that all of us might wish to
have the app the apology of Plato the
apologia is sometimes called
find a good translation of it read this
sort of introductory part that'll tell
you exactly what's going on it's a it's
a terrific read and it'll tell you a lot
about where we come from and how we
think that's it that's it was that
enough sex I don't know I wish we could
have just had fun sex but it's you know
the best best sex I could get my hands
on hold you back tomorrow tomorrow's the
mail bag so send in your questions and
we will answer them all or if a few of
them or one or something we'll do
whatever we can do I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show come back
tomorrow the building is burning but
it's fine
