you know some people say Muslims don't
have a sense of humor but a group of
Tunisian refugees proved them wrong last
week by entering an Italian refugee
Welcome Center and burning it down the
improvisational act of comic performance
art was the brainchild of Muslim
comedian Mohammed hate you who said
quote we just thought it would be funny
to start destroying the country the
minute we arrived instead of waiting
until we've been graciously accepted
into the local culture and only then
destroying it the rambunctious Tunisian
funny man pulled off the mischievous
hijinks on the Italian island of Lampa
duza after being informed some refugees
were going to be sent home to their own
country home to our own country mo
hatred wisecrack we don't want to go
back to that crappy place we want to
come here and make this place crappy mr.
hachoo is part of the comical performing
trio mo Larry
and death to Western civilization the
slapstick improv group has won the
praise of many cultural elites in the
West a review in The New York Times a
former newspaper said quote this genial
prankster trio has raised performance
art to the level of mass murder and vice
versa
unquote mohei qu recently explained his
thought process to admire saying quote
less creative refugees would have
followed the normal procedure of
entering a country growing accustomed to
the culture molesting a few of the local
women stabbing some innocent bystanders
and maybe then blowing up a trainer -
for the big finale
the ironic punchline comes when the
refugees then accuse anyone who opposes
them of lacking a kind of tolerance we
Muslims never even heard of before we
came to the Christian West and sure all
that is funny enough but it's been done
to death
literally as an improv group it's our
job to come up with something new so we
just played it by ear and set the place
ablaze almost the minute we arrived you
should have seen the word welcome going
up in flames
it was both hilarious and oddly profound
unquote though the arson was intended as
pure comic entertainment it did have its
serious themes as well
one european parliament member lord
blithering surrender commented quote
some of my fellow Europeans have
objected to having thousands of people
from a hostile culture sweep into their
nations and destroy them but this kind
of performance art reminds them that
small
minded bigotry like that will not be
tolerated and if they don't lie down and
die like decent citizens they could find
themselves in trouble with the law as
for Moe hate you in his wacky trio they
plan to continue their uproarious comedy
tour in all the major capitals of Europe
saying we've brought our a material it
killed them in Tunisia and it'll
slaughter them here you'll explode with
laughter or not with laughter what's the
difference as long as you explode
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show the
comedy stylings of Muslim immigrants
Welcome Center and burns it down it's
like thank you for letting us into your
country anyway this place is next I
think the daily wire isn't that Clavin
last weekend the darkness of clave
Willis weekend is ending and we can now
see the future or if you don't subscribe
you can only hear the future which isn't
as much fun but if you subscribe you can
see us and you can participate in our
Wednesday mailbag which is very exciting
and it's it's free for 30 days and then
we come and take your firstborn child
so it's a win-win you get 30 days free
and then we get your kid off your hands
so it's great anyway subscribe and
support us and you can also watch the
show
so everybody's fighting right I go away
and I come out and everybody is at each
other's throats right and left
everybody's tearing each other apart
in Austria which will maybe get back to
a little later in Austria they are they
are fighting so so badly that the left
and right far left and far right are now
locked in an election a deadlocked
election which will only be decided by
the mail-in votes and it's kind of
that's kind of the European version with
everything in Europe is kind of extreme
usually to what we're doing here where
we're all fighting kind of you know
among each other and we're sort of are
far left than our far right are kind of
coming into a major battle for the
presidency basically first of all on the
right you have this huge huge vicious
vicious battle going on between the
nevertrump earth and the Trump errs and
of course the center of all that is
right here it was like bad news
I could not believe last week I don't
know if you said you see this Breitbart
thing that they did you know Dan wrote
this great piece for National Review
about anti-semitism on the right which
was I thought it was absolutely terrific
and in it the only mention of Breitbart
that I found or remembered was he
mentioned that Milo you Napoles was a
calling in something like an ironic
fascist which i think is pretty good
description of what milo who is now
standing although I think Milo just does
what is entertaining to him at the
moment so I'm not sure where he'll end
up but that was the only mention of
Breitbart that I saw in the whole thing
and Breitbart responded by leaving off
their lead story was just this kind of
little boy throwing a tantrum and they
said oh here's ben shapiro throwing
attack I mean you know nothing not to
say they're getting childish but but
this is a fair you know this is a fair
argument that is that has come up
between conservatives and Trump errs I
mean there was a division on the right
that I don't think we really knew was
there we thought that there were
conservatives and then kind of moderates
we thought that was the big division the
Conservatives and then the people who
wanted to get along to go along the old
joke was that the Democrats would come
along and say we're gonna destroy the
country in six months and the joke was
that the Republicans would say no no
we'll compromise will destroy the
country in three months and we thought
that that was the basic division that we
were dealing with but instead there was
this division between people of
principle who wanted you know
conservatives one as small government
one of the Constitution reinstated their
three stool what are the three legs of
the stool of conservatism was the strong
military that's a small government and
social conservatism where there was
varying degrees of social conservatism
always on the left but now we found out
that there is in fact this other
division there is this division of
nationalists what can we call a
nationalist populist you know people and
those of us who actually wanted small
government and and it's a really serious
division and people we thought that we
trusted we're conservative turned out
not so much not so much you know they
really just wanted to pound their fist
and say America American build a wall
and keep out the Mexican
and all this stuff so that's one
argument that's half that's coming on
meanwhile Donald Trump is uniting the
GOP I mean this is the thing that's
happening all over he got the
endorsement of the NRA
I loved CNN's story about this he Trump
went before the NRA here's the CNN story
Donald Trump on Friday told the National
Rifle Association that Hillary Clinton
would take away the right to bear arms
the media this isn't in the lead a
position the Democratic frontrunner has
never taken and immediately denounced
they're obviously moments after the gun
group endorsed Trump which by the way
really they really endorsed him early
they usually don't endorse this early in
the process the after the gun group
endorsed Trump the presumptive GOP
nominee dove right into attacking
Clinton saying she quote wants to
abolish the Second Amendment we're not
going to let that happen Trump said
we're going to preserve it we're going
to cherish it Clinton who swiftly
rebutted Trump's remarks is called for
universal background tract checks and
stricter controls on firearms but has
never called for the abolition of the
Second Amendment in fact on her website
in fact says CNN arguing with us in fact
on our website on her website she calls
gun ownership part of the fabric of many
law-abiding communities except she's
lying is there anybody on earth who
doesn't think the left wants to get rid
of the Second Amendment I mean that you
know the left only has two modes they
have one mode or we'll never do this and
the second mode is oh we've done it
already the toothpaste is out of the
tube that's the only thing they ever
said you never support gay marriage gay
marriages here
it's the toothpaste is out of the tube
get on the train that's the left all
over we never get rid of the Second
Amendment it's gone it's gone you know
there's no in-between there's no part
where they say well we're gonna slowly
get rid of listen everybody knows and
this is why Trump is so successful
everybody knows the Trump is telling the
truth so here is John Roberts who was at
the NRA talking to britt hume about what
all this means I was there at the NRA
meeting Britt and there was a crowd it
was supposed to be 7,000 that's how many
tickets they sold but they let another
thousand people at least in very
enthusiastic crowd for Trump there so
you got a couple of things
you got the NRA very enthusiastic about
him and the NRA endorsing five months
before they've endorsed anybody else
what's going on I think it's
that one a number of signs that Donald
Trump is well on his way to pulling
nearly all the Republican Party behind
him they will be holed out and it will
be conservatives who were conservatives
first in Republicans second who will not
be reconciled to him but the Supreme
Court list that he put out the meeting
with Paul Ryan all these things are
pointing in the same direction that that
the Republicans and most conservatives
are increasingly ready particularly
because they so fear the alternative to
back him and I think that's that's where
we're going and you know this is a done
thing because the GOP is an organization
and an organization is an organism and
an organism's first duty is to preserve
itself the GOP has no choice but to
either unite behind Trump or go
spiraling down the drain I mean that's
that's there those are the only things
he won is just the presumptive Trump
that is presumptively won the nomination
the GOP will get behind him they are
leaving behind conservatives and
conservatives like Ben and that's why
that is why Breitbart and others are
just like trouncing Ben and personally
but by the way Ben is a big boy and well
well Cape able to fight his corner and
when Breitbart goes after him in that
childish way but my my thought went back
to that line in the movie Casablanca
where the Nazi says to Humphrey Bogart
you know we're going to invade New York
and Bogart says their streets in New
York I wouldn't invade if I were you you
know little letters of bye they don't be
REI T just spread out all over the the
grass but the time he's through with you
so maybe just a little less childish
might be nice but that's so that's one
division but the other division that is
I find even more disturbing is the
division between the Conservatives the
backbiting that's going on between the
Conservatives who have been left behind
so Mark Zuckerberg accused Facebook was
accused of being slanted toward the left
censoring material that was coming from
right-wingers and Zuckerberg to his
credit I think you know I think you can
be cynical about it but basically to his
credit said come and talk to me and
let's let's discuss this and you know
that's a good that's good business
practice that is what businessmen do
they bring in people and they talk to
him and maybe they'll do some of the
stuff they say maybe they won't but
Italy
you get the feeling that you're heard
and you're not being excluded so that
was a good thing and the people who went
were guys like Tucker Carlson and Glenn
Beck were there until it Becker fighting
with each other
that came away from this feeling that
that there was no prejudice really it
was just the the mathematics of it all
here he is talking about it on his own
the place Facebook provides a lot of
traffic if you can learn how to game the
algorithm okay it's all about the
algorithm and they change it all the
time to stop people from gaming it
because you don't want Glenn back all of
Glenn Beck stuff in your newsfeed all
the time you want the stuff mainly
family and friends so they were
concerned about and I'm not gonna ask
you to name names because you can't so
one one group was they were publishers
and they were like hey look are you
changed your algorithm and it hurt our
business their personal interests
correct their business yeah and they
said you know what's the deal here now
one of them said I did my homework and I
found out that Huffington Post we lost
50% of our traffic but Huffington Post
lost 70% of their Facebook traffic well
that explains it there and I know it
because I've seen it
I can watch our traffic and I can see up
they changed their algorithm and they do
that as policy that's not conservative
that's everybody so that's that's back
strong strong Ted Cruz supporter very
devastated when Cruz didn't take it
you know very upset by Trump I don't
know if he's come out as a never Trump
er but he certainly sounded like one
target of course comes out and basically
just rips him now it doesn't name him in
this interview but that's he's referring
to back when he talked about people
sucking up to the billionaire Zuckerberg
here's Tucker Carlson on fire it was
interesting they're really worried that
conservatives don't trust them part of
the reason conservatives don't is
because Mark Zuckerberg is talking about
his personal liberal politics in public
and I think it taints the image of the
company in people's minds we talked that
I talked to them about the people who
work there and if everyone in your
office has the same background and the
same cultural assumptions it's going to
affect your news coverage and they seem
to think that was reasonable some of the
conservatives there ask tough questions
others sucked up basically ku you know
talk-show hosts who you think would be
asking tough questions but it said
things like you're such an innovator
you're such an impressive man who said
you can imagine but the point is they
are conducting an investigation they
don't want to be seen as biased of
course do their subjective judgment so
are they gonna change anything
yeah I mean I think they're going to try
to move as much as they can over to the
algorithm and take the human element out
to the extent possible but I think you
know indeed not admit that the
intentional bias occurred they did admit
that Silicon Valley is very liberal and
the people who work there by definition
are probably mostly liberal and I said
what do you hire a bunch of Mormons you
like make it you bring people in with a
different cultural background and you
will get a greater diversity of things
and you'll make wiser decisions and they
said no it's a pretty good idea so so
Beck attacked Carson without naming him
and Carlson it I think he did come out
later and say it was back it was sucking
up to this billionaire to save his
failing blaze or something like this and
I just like you know Carlson is making a
good point which is that just like the
mainstream media when you surround
yourself when you only hire left wingers
you get more and more left-wing and you
get sequestered from any other form of
opinion you don't even know those
opinions are there your bias becomes
worse and worse because you don't even
know it's biased you just become but all
you think is there's a division between
two people on the far left and people in
the middle left because you never see a
right winger except when he delivers
food to your office the delivery boy
comes in and he may be a right winger
but that's the only right wingers
getting in to Facebook or any of these
places so he made a good suggestion I
made the suggestion many years ago in an
article to the LA Times saying you want
to solve your bias problem hire
conservatives not one conservative to
speak for conservatives but 50% of
conservatives in your in your newsrooms
to represent the country because that
would be closer to what the country
looks like then your newsrooms are now
so he's making a good point but he
that's her RIT bond Glenn you know he
really said he was sucking up to him and
kind of saying oh how innovative he was
and all this stuff and this is what's
called what Freud called the narcissism
of small differences okay and we're
gonna see this more and more as this
election comes out conservatives are
gonna start to rip on each other I mean
it's one thing for Breitbart and
zero to fight because they really are
standing for different things but Tucker
Carlson Becker really more kind of in
the same ballpark and you're gonna see
more and more of those guys a fight in
the conservative part in the
conservative wing of the party and
that's because we lost and I say we
meaning me too
we lost this election we have no one in
this election we're not going to have
anyone in this election no outcome of
this election
can serve us and serve conservatism we
lost and when people lose they try to
mitigate you know they don't want to
accept that there's no good answer it's
like people fighting at funerals happens
all the time
families fight at funerals you know why
because they don't want to accept that
there is no good outcome you know this
guy is dead that's it that's the end of
the story it's not a good story if it
has a happy ending it has some that
happy ending somewhere other than here
that's this election for conservatives
our happy ending is not going to come in
this in this election and you're gonna
start to see people fighting in the
conservative movement because of that
because they can't accept that simple
and tragic fact and it is really sad
then you have guys like Bill Kristol
who's still saying let's bring in Mitt
Romney and he's gonna save the day here
he is on with Stephanopoulos for the
Republican National Committee and the
Trump and Clinton campaigns are trying
to so strangle it in its infancy because
they're scared of it and we look at that
poll when you throw Mitt Romney's name
and someone who hasn't run in four years
probably isn't the ideal in a way a
third party PA throw an impressive man
and I think would be a good alternative
up to Clinton and Trump he right away is
the 2020 37 35 22 he hasn't I mean he
has done anything in other polls the
independent generic independent
candidates around 20 or 21 and as Isaac
okay to say and a few - I mean half of
the Clinton voters and half of the Trump
voters don't want to be for Clinton or
Trump there against the other person
they had an alternative way the country
know Bill Kristol is a smart guy who's
always wrong I can't he's always like
he's always on the wrongs you know he
says he says MIT Romney is polling well
in spite of the fact that he hasn't done
anything yet Mitt Romney is polling well
because he hasn't done anything yet
we've seen this in every single primary
that some some politician some candidate
will rise to the top
because no knows what he stands for or
who he is in the minute the media shines
a spotlight on him and it's always
hostile on the right but even if it's
not hostile a minute we see who he is
suddenly he falls out of the running and
get completely so remit Romney would
last for about five minutes this is not
his election a third but there is one
third party candidate that I am
supporting Lord Lord are those who
announced here a few weeks ago and has
now even gone further in explaining his
policies
goodie now some people have recently
taken to questioning my integrity and so
I want to tell you right here and right
now I own ever sell my soul to the
special interest groups in Washington DC
because I am behind that guy he's like
honest he has no soul to sell that's
true of all the candidates but he's the
only one who admits it so I'm in favor
I'm voting for the vampire any other
third party candidate is going nowhere
in my humble opinion he just cannot
unite the disparate forces because the
forces that oppose Hillary are so
distant from the forces that oppose
Trump that I don't think anybody can
bring them together and Mitt Romney is
in bill Crystal's mind because he's got
that bland face and everybody thinks I'm
just gonna fall into that blue emptiness
you know but it's just not gonna happen
they're not gonna support anyway the
same fight is happening on the left in a
different way because they're still
battling over this thing Saturday Night
Live did a wonderful version of it as
Hillary closes down the bar as I hear
there were rumors that she does well in
real life but here she is doing on
Saturday night
and I keep losing states but
mathematically I've done it
Tomas alright I think I'm gonna head
home don't you work too late now oh I
won't mrs. Clinton I'm actually closing
up the bar right now so everybody's got
to go that means you too sir
no freakin way I can stay here as long
as I want
senator Sanders I'm sorry but the night
is over no no it's not over till I say
it's over
oh hello Bernie I didn't see you sitting
behind me so far behind me you can never
catch him
does anybody seen Larry David and Bernie
Sanders together at the same time I mean
that's uncanny it is like I guess maybe
all querulous old jus start David and
Bernie Sanders have become the same
person they really he really is like a
Seinfeld character now why Bernie
Sanders should leave this race when he
is winning everything and people are
listening to him for the first time in
his life I mean I don't think anybody
has paid out attention to a crazy word
that has come out of Bernie Sanders
mouth before suddenly all these people
are cheering Bernie but why on earth
would he leave why on earth would he
leave
Hillary basically has come out and said
well I've already won it's over it's
over you know and I love that line you
know here's the math because it really
is the math of the super-delegates is
the math actually it's probably not you
probably win it anyway I mean this
machine is got this so locked down that
there's just no way for Bernie Sanders
to translate even
his support into a victory the the
Democratic Party doesn't want them want
him I suspect they're right I suspect
the polls now the polls now do show that
Sanders would beat Trump by a larger
margin than Hillary who according to the
most recent poll there's only three
percentage points ahead and this is
before people have gotten a real look at
Hillary and I mean they've seen Trump
every day but they haven't really you
know the mainstream of people are not
paying attention like we are paying
attention so Hillary was asked about
this because it's exactly the same
situation that she was in with Barack
Bhama when she was arguing like why
should I step down I'm winning all these
states because she won remember in the
in the ends of the primary she won all
those primaries so she hears her answer
to why she shouldn't step down you made
an electability case 7 days before the
final day of the primary season two
super-delegates back in 2008
why shouldn't super-delegates you wanted
him to listen to your argument 8 years
ago why shouldn't super-delegates listen
to the Bernie Sanders argument and say
you know what maybe he is more like well
first of all people have voted for me
overwhelmingly in the Democratic primary
process and that is absolutely clear and
very different from where we were in
2008 I could make the case which I did
that I was actually slightly ahead in
the popular vote when we ended that
primary but I was behind in the pledged
delegates it's also fair to say I have
been vetted and tested and I think that
that puts me in a very strong position
you don't think Ryan's been vetted you
don't think that's one long year of
campaign your campaign against him has
bettered him let me say that I don't
think he's had a single negative ad ever
run against him and and that's fine but
we know what we're going into and we
understand what it's gonna take to win
in the fall you you know I always look
she laughs when anybody asks her a
reasonable question she's losing her
voice so badly I mean I think she's
passing from the stage even as we watch
but she's losing for she can't even get
that old wicked cackle witch's cackle
that she does so well but anytime you
ask her a question like why are you
holding that bleeding knife and standing
over the body of a dead dead man
what's she laughing about they just make
you know perfectly todd is asking a
perfectly reasonable question you've
made the same argument before why is it
different now and she has no answer I
mean basically you know she says she's
been vetted and tested every time she's
vetted and tested she gets beat every
time she is out there against a
candidate every time people see her they
hate her she's a terrible terrible
candidate and should be attack she's a
terrible candidate she's earned her
terribleness she's not just terrible
like like Ted Cruz was terrible because
he looks funny she's dead she's go upped
and lies and changes her opinion with
the weather and the wind so anyway this
is a more civilized version of what's
happening in Austria right now in
Austria since 1945 they have had
essentially this grand coalition center
right center left has been governing the
country 1945 70 years since the war this
is the way they have run the country and
now suddenly both those parties are
sidelined and a far left and a far right
winger are locked absolutely in a tie
which will be broken by the write-in
votes and of course the right winger who
is more charming than most of these guys
are you remember the European right is
to the right of our right the European
right is very nationalistic is is
basically the Trump right I mean that's
that's what they are very nationalistic
very bombastic and this guy's apparently
pretty charming and he could win and
what nobody you know it's all about the
immigration thing as it is here it's
about immigration it's about the fact
that we have the debate which is
encouraged by both the process of
democracy and the media to be extreme
either let everybody in because they're
all dreamers it's an act of love it's an
act of Christian charity to let the you
know the people in from Tunisia and
Syria even if they rape your women it's
just you know how dare you say anything
that's the one side and the other side
is build a wall kill them all ship them
out you know I mean that's that's the
other side you know it debate like that
is absurd is absurd you know we the West
has always lived in immigration with
immigration it has always welcomed
immigrants and and yet at the same time
we have to defend ourselves we have to
defend ourselves from hostile
philosophies we have to defend ourselves
from terrorists we have to defend
ourselves from too many workers coming
in you can't say you know I am NOT of
the party who thinks that Mexicans if
they come over here gonna vote
Democratic forever I think that that's
absurd of course we can make them into
Americans and if they're Americans
they'll be Republicans and Democrats of
course we can but they have to the fact
that they violate our laws and make fun
of our laws and make fun of our this
country and say it should be part of
Mexico those people shouldn't get in you
know that's that's the thing when we're
talking about immigration we're not
really talking about immigration what
we're talking about is the fact that our
elites have lost faith in our
civilization that's what we're really
talking about we're talking about the
fact that no civilized elite
leader will get up and say we have a
civilization this is what it is it works
better than other civilizations even if
it didn't work better it would be more
moral than other civilizations because
it makes its people free it makes its
women equal those are better things than
other people have we have to insist on
those things in Germany they're trying
to teach immigrants how to have sex
immigrants know plenty well how to have
sex like you know pretty pretty what
comes naturally what they don't know is
how to pay respect to people who haven't
sex than you do that's what they don't
have understand because they come from a
hostile culture now if you let some of
these people in and you train them into
being Westerners it can work you can you
can assimilate people you can assimilate
a certain number of people not all of
them but you can assume but nobody's
making that argument nobody is standing
up and so what we're really saying what
all these people are saying you know
when the people speak the people are
sometimes speak chaotically and it's
hard to make out what they're saying but
what I think they're saying is have some
faith in this thing that gave us
everything we have were richer than
everybody we're stronger than everybody
we're safer than everybody because of
our values stand up for our values
that's what they're saying to both the
left and the right and that's why Trump
is succeeding so well because he is
selling the basest most vulgar form of
that philosophy but the philosophy
itself is not wrong the idea that we
should be Patriots as opposed to
nationalists is not wrong which brings
me to stuff I like because what I want
to do about stuff I like this week is I
want to talk about a couple of pieces of
classical literature that are formative
in the development of the West ok
because people don't read the Greeks and
Romans anymore they're afraid of them
they think they're too complicated so I
tried to pick things that are very
approachable and very presentable today
in The Wall Street Journal
my friend Barry Strauss who is a
professor of classics at Cornell
University
put had a piece about the similarities
between what happened in Greece after
the Peloponnesian War and what is
happening here and he says you know the
the Athenian League the Delian League
was they called it an empire but it was
really a loose conglomeration of
city-states
that was the freedom party basically
and it was it was the Greek Empire's
what they call the Greek Empire but he
says it's not really that and was doing
very well allowing people in people
wanted to come in they were free and he
says and three disturbing developments
took place and I'm reading this I don't
have time to read the whole piece of
course but please look at it in the Wall
Street Journal it's a really intelligent
learn at peace he says the three
developments that took place were
nativism anthony's old landed elite
disliked democracy and despised the
immigrants so when extreme conservatives
seized power in a coup d'etat after
Athens lost the Peloponnesian War the
evicted immigrants from the city limits
and targeted the wealthiest for murder
and property confiscation they evicted
the immigrants the next thing was
demagoguery in Athens for the first time
in history demagogues emerged and they
although they were wealthy and
well-educated they spoke in populous
accents and criticized the establishment
and finally there was endless conflict
there were all these battles Athenian
foreign policy should have built an
international order that shared
prosperity and encourage allies to stay
loyal
instead it chose Athens first so
obviously Barry is making this case as
Barry Strauss writing in The Wall Street
Journal he's making the case that what's
happening that what happened in Greece
and ultimately destroyed the Delian
League is happening here and you can
tell that he's thinking of Donald Trump
when he's talking about demagogues and
he's talking about Athens first as we're
now having an America first so the piece
that I want to recommend first is a
fairly short piece in lucidity --zz
history it's basically a history of the
Peloponnesian War if the cities long
book you know some people find it hard
to read but in there the Greek
historians would write the speeches of
the famous people you know they weren't
supposed to be the speeches and one of
the speeches is parrot it's called
Pericles 'iz funeral oration Pericles
was the great Greek leader who was the
leader during the period that we think
of as the high point of Greece and when
the Peloponnesian War started the
Peloponnesian War kind of destroyed
ultimately destroyed Athens but it
wasn't it happened in three stages in
the first stage before Pericles died was
almost a defensive war it was a war
against Sparta the other the other parts
of the other kind of
government in Greece less democratic not
democratic I mean very militaristic and
so Athens was kind of fighting Sparta
and Pericles was very conservative about
this he was not he did not go out and go
out and fight on different fronts and
all this stuff and he did very well but
and then he died and that's when greece
lost his stuff but at first they were
when the dead came back from the Parekh
Peloponnesian War
he gave a famous funeral oration in
which he talked about what was wonderful
about their point of view he reminded
Athenians what they were fighting for
and he said I'm just gonna read a very
small piece of it he said let me say
that our system of government does not
copy the institutions of our neighbors
it is more the case of our being a model
to others than of our imitating anyone
else just notice the confidence that the
leader has and what he's what he's
representing he says our Constitution is
called a democracy because power is in
the hands not of a minority but of the
whole people when it is a question of
settling private disputes everyone is
equal before the law when it is a
question of putting one person before
another in positions of public
responsibility what counts is not
membership of a particular class but the
actual ability which the man possesses
no one some so long as he has it is in
him to be of service to the state is
kept in political obscurity because of
poverty these guys were inventing this
stuff no one knows no one knows why
suddenly this little tribe of people in
the Peloponnese developed this idea this
incredible idea but here was Pericles at
the moment of great peril and at the
moment of great triumph of a culture
telling people that their culture was
better it was not an imitation it was a
model to other people when as Barack
Obama said that ever I mean when as
Hillary Clinton represented that she
makes a noise about that but you know
there was a little bit of a controversy
of the other day when a girl walked
around with a hat that looked like
Donald Trump's hat but it said America
was never great who doubts that Obama
thinks that I don't I don't doubt it he
Obama thinks America is a great idea the
America and his mind is great but he
does not think this America was ever
great Hillary Clinton the same way and
as long as that happens then we're going
to be open to demagoguery we're gonna be
open to America
which is net nativism not patriotism and
and that's you know so so go back and
read this Pericles is funeral oration in
Thucydides it's it's about I don't know
three four pages long and not that long
but it's just to hear what it sounds
like when a leader stands up for what he
believes and what his culture believes
and what has made his culture great and
part of what makes this culture great is
us standing here talking about this
culture so come back again tomorrow and
we will do it some more
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show thank you for listening
