Donald Trump has released a list of
judges he pretends he'll nominate to the
Supreme Court if he's elected despicable
President of the United States the list
comes complete with Trump's personal
assessment of the judges so as a public
service we read the document to you now
in full quote i Donald J Trump would
make the following nominations of judges
to the Supreme Court nomination number
one Judge Reinhold he was great in Fast
Times at Ridgemont High
and then Sean Penn goes on to get all
the stardom very bad Sean Penn is
practically some kind of communist
although he did time Adana to a chair
and smack her around for nine hours so
he's got his positive side too still I
think Judge Reinhold would be better on
the Supreme Court than Sean Penn because
he's more mild-mannered and Judge like
number two Judge Dredd very underrated
judge probably because the Sylvester
Stallone movie didn't do so much
business but in real life Dredd has been
working as a street judge in mega city
won a very tough environment very tough
and frankly I think it's time he got a
promotion some people might say he's not
a real hero just a hero in comic books
but by that logic I'm not really
presidential material I'm just a guy who
plays it being a businessman on
television it makes no sense folks it
makes no sense number three
Samson don't laugh the man was judge
over Israel for 20 years and Israel
frankly it's a mess we're going to have
to get the very best people to figure
out what's going on over there and
starting with Samson on the Supreme
Court very good idea number four
chocolate judge who doesn't like
chocolate I love chocolate I have many
many chocolate friends although wait
maybe it's not chocolate judge it's
chocolate fudge so that wouldn't work
because it's just a candy so maybe it
wouldn't be qualified for the Supreme
Court will set that one aside for now it
was just a suggestion i disavow number
five Diana Prince also known as Wonder
Woman if you're looking for a Justice
where better to look then the Justice
League of America also we need a woman
on the list to stop crooked Hillary from
playing the woman card and Diana Prince
is very smart and frankly she has a body
that just won't quit which let's face it
doesn't hurt if you're trying to
convince the other justices of something
but this proves I love women and I have
many
many women friends who will tell you how
much I respect women and Diana Prince is
as real as any of them finally number 6
I would nominate myself because I'm very
smart have a very good brain and when I
pass a law I think I'm the best judge of
whether it's a good law or a bad law
this way I can just pass the law and
then make the decision this is a good
law and that way we'll finally get
something done instead of all this back
and forth in Washington it's a disaster
folks an absolute disaster unquote in an
interview later with Sean Hannity Trump
was asked if he would promise to
nominate one of the names on this list
if he became president Trump responded
what list trigger point I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the country Clavin
Joe and we made it a little too
realistic
I was actually verbatim the document
that he all right all right we're gonna
talk about rape Donald Trump cried rape
and it was the Drudge Report stopped
dead still and this little siren goes
off and oh my gosh the R word so we're
gonna get to that in a minute first I
don't want to manipulate anybody's
emotions you know I don't I don't I want
to be direct and everything but
yesterday absolutely true story
absolutely true yesterday I'm taking a
hike in one of the parks we have here in
LA we have these wonderful parks that
are built in canyons so they go up and
down a very beautiful views of the city
in the canyons and of course as I'm
walking I'm composing the opening to the
show in my mind so I'm like a million
miles away and I'm kind of looking off
into space in front of me and there's a
yard long rattlesnake
underfoot and I backpedal and I just
want to say you know and not don't
manipulate you but if I can risk my life
to bring you this show least you could
do is subscribe subscribe good men have
died to bring you this commentary and if
you subscribe you get to watch and as
well as listen and also contribute
because we did the mailbox it was good
the mailbag again it was really fun and
you know I I have to say in all
seriousness I really enjoy doing that
mail back because I like hearing from
you so I'm not just talking to myself I
actually want to know what you think and
what you're wondering about so that's
very healthy and as I say if I'm gonna
go around getting bitten by rattlesnakes
just at all
I have to show this I know I've
mentioned this a few times this week but
if you can see this if you're
subscribing I got yesterday the first
reading copies these are calls AR C's
advanced reading copies of the great
good thing a secular Jew comes to faith
in Christ and you can buy that pre-order
you can pre-order it on Amazon now and
it comes out in September so just in
time for you to sink into despair over
the election you'll ask all right we're
going to talk about this rape thing
which is just really fascinating to me
but first we have to talk about I mean
this has been an interesting week all
around and we really haven't talked
about Donald Trump all week because the
chaos on the left the chaos on the
Democrat Party and the scandals in the
press and all this stuff have just been
dominating the news and today yesterday
there's a new Fox News poll get this
okay Donald Trump tops Hillary Clinton
in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup
according to a new Fox News poll that
also finds majorities of voters feel
both frontrunners lack strong moral
values and will say anything to get
elected they like that though they're
not complaining
fewer moral values and say anything they
would vote for the more but Trump now
has a 45 to 42% edge over Clinton if the
presidential election were held today we
actually I have a image I think it's in
there that you can put up it shows that
he's overtaken her he was down in April
you know it was Clinton forty eighteen
forty once this is a major change okay
so now last month last month Clinton was
up by 48 to 41% so now he has really
come up come abreast of her and past her
and the thing is yesterday i'm watching
the commentary on this and really smart
commentators like Krauthammer and jonah
goldberg and they're saying well you
know Trump is won the nomination and
everybody likes a winner as if people
were like the Sheep which they're really
not you know people are actually seeing
something I just totally disagree with
that commentary I mean people are seeing
something in Donald Trump that they like
that doesn't mean that it's good that
doesn't mean that they're right but it
does mean that we should just at least
pay attention I mean it's good it's good
information to have
so listen I've said a million times how
I feel about Trump I am really upset by
his violent tendencies and his fascistic
tendencies they those are things that
are not going to go away in a day
because he says the right thing to
you didn't say the right thing yesterday
I mean those are character issues that I
really really give me a hard time I do
respect the argument that he would be
only the second worst thing that could
happen in the country I can't sign on to
that argument so far because of these
things that I'm talking about but but
I'm just trying to say that I uh I think
I understand why people watched him this
week in these last couple weeks and why
they thought yeah that's that's not so
bad you know that's not so bad so let's
let's take a look first of all this this
Supreme Court thing before we get to the
sex stuff though that's really what we
want to talk about but before we get to
let's talk about the Supreme Court he
puts out this list of judges very big
deal as Trump himself might say big deal
very big deal a big big big deal deal
deal deal a lot of one syllable words
repeated over and over again so what
everybody understands he puts out a list
of judges and it is a big deal because
the one thing that everybody is saying
is we know we're gonna get a left-wing
judge from Hillary Clinton we know we're
gonna get a left-wing judge from Hillary
Clinton and even if we had elected a
conservative we might not have gotten a
conservative judge I mean Reagan put in
Sandra Day O'Connor you know he also put
in Scalia I think it was Bush the first
George Bush put in Souter an absolute
disaster David Souter I also put in
Alito but that's that's 50% it's one for
two and so this guy Trump you know we
don't know what he's gonna do so he puts
out a list and everybody who should know
about these things the Cato Institute
and John you all these people said great
list
absolutely great he even called and this
actually speaks well of him I have to
say he called National Review he had his
people call National Review
according to Jonah Goldberg and asked
for their advice and National Review has
just hammered him relentlessly they put
out an entire issue against Trump
they're still kind of brooding about the
idea of a third party candidate and
absolutely disastrous idea on every
level but they're still doing it but and
yet he called them and asked for their
advice so he puts out this list and it's
apparently a really good list you know I
mean I'm just saying that the experts on
these things say these are all very
conservative judgments so why should we
have any reservations why should that
not convince us that maybe all will be
well well here he is yesterday he's on
Sean trumpety as we now can call him
unkind
so Sean Hannity has Amman and he's
talking about this list listen to this
one of the top things that would ask you
often is your judicial philosophy you
mentioned as I said Scalia and Thomas
they are what we call originalist right
constitutional is erect you are
constitutional correct and I'm also I
want high intellect I want great
intellect these people are all a very
high high intellect they're pro-life and
so that's my list and we are going to
choose from most likely from this list
but at a minimum we will keep people
within this general realm and so maybe
at this point might just as well have
Trump sit on his lap and like pull the
string in back and he moves his mouth
and he just does this Ventura I manatees
hardly moving is any way but but you
heard at the end him hedging his bets
and we all know we know the Trump's word
is not good we know his word is not good
and sometimes I have some sympathy with
the things he says like when he said you
know my Muslim ban was just a suggestion
and everybody went up in arms and he
said well anything that the president
says is just a suggestion you have to
pass laws and all this stuff there's
some truth to that but we just know that
he can change his mind at any minute his
tax he was gonna cut taxes than he was
gonna raise taxes now I don't know what
he's gonna do and this - he left himself
a lot of a lot of wiggle room to just
sort of say well it's gonna be the
general realm you know it's like
whatever the general but the other thing
about this and this is this is a genuine
objection that thing with that Hannity
was doing where he's saying you know
you're constitutionally an originalist
right yeah I'm Aboriginal you know let's
go back this is just a couple months ago
Good Morning America after he talked
about the Muslim ban Hillary Clinton
said oh my gosh you know what kind of
Supreme Court justice with this monster
nominate and so here he is he's asked
about this on Good Morning America I do
want to get your reaction mr. Trump to
something Hillary Clinton said just this
week she said quote ask yourself what
kind of Justice would president Trump
appoint or for that matter Attorney
General citing your belief that Muslims
should be banned from entering this
country because of their faith she
as scary as it might seem you have to
ask yourself who would he appoint how do
you react well I probably had 20 people
that would look very seriously at her
email disaster because it's a criminal
activity and I would appoint people that
would look very seriously at that to
start off with what she's getting away
with is absolutely murder you talk about
a case now that's a real case now
nothing seems to be happening but you
can also pull people on that and you see
what happens to that because that is a
real case and she she's able to get away
with that you can get away with anything
so guys no clue what the Supreme Court
justice does Hillary for her email you
know they're not gonna decide on the
constitutionality of laws or anything
like that no clue and he did it again on
one of the debates with Ted Cruz you
know Trump's sister I can't what's her
name Mary Ann Mary Ann Trump Barry I
think it is Marian she's a she's a US
Circuit you the federal judge is a US
Circuit Court of Appeals judge it's like
they never said it thanks so sis what do
you do for a living
No when Cruz attacked a decision that
she made here's his response is Trump's
response
he's been criticizing my sister for
signing a certain bill you know well
sign that bill Justice Samuel Alito a
very conservative member of the Supreme
Court with my sister side that pill
there's no sign bills now they persecute
they prosecute Hillary Clinton and then
they sign bills just like I just I mean
are there no like Trump family dinners
where they sit around really and say
like you know what about the Supreme
Court justices what are they they're
doesn't happen okay so this is why you
know it is it's kind of laughable I mean
look I respect the fact the Trump had
the intelligence the political
intelligence to address this problem
this gives covered a Paul Ryan
it gives covered all the Republicans who
are holding back but have nowhere else
to go and this third party thing is a
really
bad idea for any any number of reasons
but most of all because it won't work it
won't do anything we have these two
choices these two bad choices and we
either have to decide to sit it out and
vote for third party or write something
in or we have to decide that one is
worse than the other that's that's all
there is to it you know I mean it's like
this is this is the way it is and it's
not finished yet because we don't know
what's gonna happen with Hillary there's
still some surprises coming down the
pike but okay so he made a smart move
and I think this is gonna help the
Republican Party to come together so now
let's go back and talk about this thing
about women because this has been a big
I mean the times basically blew itself
up the New York Times basically blew
itself up pardon me with this story
about how Trump treats women I mean they
just bannard it with a headline crossing
the line and then when you read the
story by the way it you know just a
billionaire you know messing around with
girls who want to be with billionaires
with pretty girls want to put on bathing
suits for billionaires because it's fun
you know that's that's the thing they do
so now today they published the letters
of a reaction and by the way the other
times doesn't have much readership but
it's much more powerful than it ought to
be you know the time New York Times sets
the budgets for newspapers and
television news throughout the country
every day every day that it's called a
budget in news the newspaper business a
budget comes over and it says what we're
gonna cover and how much space it's
gonna get that's why it's called the
budget you know what how much space is
gonna get in what we're gonna do and I
have been in newspaper offices when the
New York Times budget comes over and if
their lead story is trump did this
that's what that little newspaper who's
kind of taking guidance from this big
newspaper is going to do and a lot of
the times these guys are liberals but
they don't really know they're liberals
you know when I was researching my novel
Empire of Lies I went to the local
newspaper the Santa Barbara News Press
and I was talking to a really nice guy
who was the edit editor there and he
said to me you know why do you think
we're biased because I mentioned that I
thought the paper had a left-wing bias
which he did why why do you think we're
biased and while he's talking
the New York Times budget comes over and
he hands it to the his sub editor and
the editor goes out to set the budget of
their newspaper and I said that's why
that
left-wing newspaper setting your budget
and his face fell I mean it hadn't even
occurred to him that the New York Times
was not that somehow the voice of God so
the New York Times says power and they
put out this article and it just made
them look ridiculous the women that they
interviewed came out and said now Trump
was a gentleman he was nice at one point
one of them said that you know he
changed over the years as he got
divorced and the second thing Clarence
Thomas - you know when guys get divorced
they get angry they get angry at the
women in the talk listen talked to their
ex-wives and you don't think they're
angry at men and saying things about men
yes they are so that's like a personal
thing that bleeds into your public light
so now today all those the New York
Times publishes letters and you got to
hear some of this and some of it is like
you know Trump would call somebody hon
or baby or comment on her looks and all
this stuff so here's a letter a
significant amount of Trump's behavior
would be actionable under the sexual
harassment policies of almost any
for-profit or nonprofit organization in
America if he worked in my institution
he would be fired for cause well it just
shows you what I you know uptight like
guy you are here's another one that from
a woman named Patricia Sears in Ottawa
can Canada I need a shower after reading
this but there is nothing here to
surprise any woman who was in the
workplace in the 1970s to 90s so if
here's a woman who needs a shower no I
mean she has to wash this normal
behavior offer something it would be
hard to find a man in the world says
Tony from New York that hadn't slipped
and called a woman hon or sweetie and I
love that word slipped like the call a
woman hon or sweetie is like the worst
thing you could possibly do in the world
anyway you know this somebody says don't
go after the fact we have pageants
because Trump ran those beauty pageants
don't go after the fact that we have
pageants with women paraded in swimsuits
go after the guy who owns the pageant
well why go after anybody
people like pageants women like being in
pageants men like watching the pet what
you know what what is the problem is
like ordinary life Camille Paglia comes
out in salon and Camille Pollock it must
be a thorn in the side of the left she's
a lesbian feminist who thinks the
feminists are awful and she comes out
and she says blame for this fiasco falls
squarely upon the New York Times editors
who delegated to two
our two young journalists Michael
Barbaro and Megan Tootie the complex
task of probing the glitzy x''b in Ex
hidden exhibitionistic world of late
twentieth-century beauty pageants
gambling casinos strip clubs and luxury
resorts neither Barbaro a 2002 graduate
of Yale nor tui a 1998 graduate of
Georgetown University had any frame of
reference for sexual analysis aside from
the rote political correctness that has
saturated elite American campuses for
nearly 40 years their prim priggish
formulations in this awkwardly
disconnected article demonstrate the
embarrassing lack of sophistication that
passes for theoretical expertise among
their overpaid and under educated
professors okay I mean this is she goes
on to say it's a supreme irony that The
Times put a picture to illustrate this
article of Trump with a young woman and
she said it's the sexiest picture that's
been in the mainstream media for years
there's all the sizzling glory of
hormonal sex differentiation which the
grim commissar of campus Gender Studies
will never wipe out so what she's saying
is this illustrates how far from
ordinary human life our betters and
superiors are and it matters because our
politicians are locked in this echo
chamber with the press and it especially
hurts the GOP you know you wonder why
the GOP wants that when majorities in
the House and Senate didn't do anything
to stop Obama it's because they can't
hear your voice they can't hear the
voice of the people over the voice of
the press and the press is left-wing
that doesn't hurt the left that hurts
the left in different ways it kind of
makes them they when they get attacked
they're so shocked because they're never
getting an attack but it hurts the GOP
because it cuts them off from the true
opinions of people they can't help but
think they to Paul Ryan too is getting
the budget of the New York Times and
it's setting the budget of Congress so
now Trump responds to the article on
again with Sean Hannity Trump responds
and he uses the R word and the world
stops still so listen to this this is
Trump and Hannity it's been a disaster
for the New York Times because the New
York Times is a whole big con job
this is going to be the campaign this
with the Clintons and Owen for being
very good the good thing about this it
sets the table you know this sort of
sets a stage people have seen this
people have seen Kerry they've seen
Roane they've seen others now that are
coming forward that were mentioned in
that story which frankly wasn't even
that bad if you wanna know the truth
it's not like I hope that people that
haven't read was twenty pages print or
no but I mean in one case I was like
mind your stuff I said to one of the
women I said Dhoni you shouldn't have a
piece of candy okay that was I told my
kid you can against Clinton okay what
Clinton's done what about what Clinton's
done how big an issue should that be in
the campaign for example I looked at the
New York Times are they gonna interview
Juanita Broderick are they gonna
interview Paula Jones are they gonna
interview Kathleen Willey in one case
it's about exposure in another case it's
about groping and fondling and touching
against a woman's will and rape and rape
she dug settlements massive settlement
$850,000 Paula Jones lots of other
things and impeachment for lying
smearing purse Marchman one thing your
law license you know he lost his law
license okay couldn't practice law and
you don't read about this on Clinton so
he says the word rape and you know it's
Drudge of course and drudges you know
very supportive of Trump obviously and
also very canny in the way it releases
the news but Drudge puts up his famous
police siren going off and he says Oh
Trump said the why should anybody be
shocked by this why should anybody be
shocked Clinton was accused of rape by
women who when you listen to them don't
sound crazy they don't sound like crazy
vengeful women they sound like women who
have a grudge you know I obviously as he
said she said I wasn't there I can't
prove anything but it's it's worth I
mean when you're talking about the fact
that this billionaire had a model of
swimsuit model over his house and had
her put on a bathing suit which sounds
like lots of fun to me look is that the
way I want my daughter to live is that
the way I live no but I consider around
telling people how to live this is the
way these people live they weren't
hurting each other they were doing
consensual stuff consensually you know
this is what
what this is what the entire feminist
left said when Clinton was caught with
Lewinsky with Monica Lewinsky well it
was consensual I would sleep with the
president they would actually wrote
articles saying this you know this is
all consensual stuff Trump wasn't doing
anything he has been accused of rape
here's one YouTube Roderick who has you
know she had a terrible story to tell
the major throat clutch when she told it
he or she is talking to Aaron Klein I
think his name is on his show Aaron
Klein show about how she feels about
this New York Times orbital did they 180
at the New York Times contact you to
investigate your accusations against
Bill Clinton no and I've been I've not
read the entire article about mr. Trump
but I've been listening to the news and
all of the fallout in connection with it
and I wish that they would use the same
amount of energy to interview the
hundreds of women that Bill Clinton has
probably spoken bad words about and the
many women that he is assaulted I think
a person's own actions and what they do
to women speaks much louder than a
person hearsay and words you know
Maureen Dowd who has she's this
left-wing columnist on the New York
Times far left-wing columnist but she
went after the Clintons for this because
she's a feminist and she has been
excoriated I mean she I think she said
she got death threats I'm saying that
from memory but I know she was just
constantly attacked and she recently
wrote a column called
when Hillary Clinton killed feminism
when she killed fennan femme the
feminism and she says when it was
politically beneficial the feminists
went after Justice Clarence Thomas for
bad behavior and painted a Neeta hill as
a victim and later when it was
politically beneficial they defended
bills bad behavior and stayed mute as
Clinton allies mauled his dalliance 'as
as trailer trash and stalkers the same
feminists who are outraged at the
portrayal of a Nita Hill by David Brock
as a little little bit nutty and a
little bit
bloody hypocritically went along when
hilary and other defenders of bill
clinton used that same aspersion against
Lewinsky hillary knew that she could
count on the complicity of feminist
leaders and democratic women in congress
who liked bills progressive policies on
women and that's always the ugly
Faustian bargain with the Clintons not
only on the SEC's cover-ups but the
money grabs you can have our bright
public service ID as long as you accept
our dark sketchy side here's the thing
the thing that really bothers me about
this is the inherent lie
the idea I got a tweet I think it was
yesterday didn't Trump objectify women
I don't even accept the category of
objectifying women I mean you did to
make a woman an object you know yeah if
you put a glass on her head you know he
said it's her to hold my glass but to
appreciate a woman's beauty is not
object it is what men do women's beauty
has an essential value in human life
it's not fair it doesn't make a person
good it doesn't make her deep it doesn't
make her smart it may not be right to
judge her entirely on that of course
it's not right to judge our entirely on
that but it's built into the human
system it's evolutionary like a man's
courage a man's courage has an essential
value to human survival that a woman's
courage doesn't have you know a woman's
courage may be admirable but it's not it
doesn't have that same essential value
and a man can be courageous and evil or
you can be courageous and good a woman
can be beautiful and evil she can be
beautiful and good but you can't deny
that essential value and if you deny it
if you lie about it if you tell people
they're bad for noticing it if you if
megyn kelly which she does all the time
megyn kelly has people on she excoriates
them from mentioning a woman's beauty as
if megyn kelly would be sitting there if
she looked like me she wouldn't be she's
there because she's not just a good
journalist and she is a pretty good
journalist but she's also spectacularly
beautiful the thing is if you lie if you
lie you give people who break through
the lies power lies our jet fuel to
Donald Trump when he says the word rape
everyone this is what people see this is
why his poll numbers are going up
everybody stops and goes ah finally
somebody just said the simple thing some
guy some guy he said oh she's beautiful
she's got a nice backside whatever he
said you know people said yes I'm
thinking that too we're all thinking it
so say it
the difference like don't lie it has
nothing to do with the moral value of
those lies it has to do with the hunger
people have to just hear what we all
know is true spoken out loud and that's
why Donald Trump is climbing in the
polls it has nothing to do with people
just getting on the bandwagon the week
has come to an end and as we plunge into
the darkness of the clava Lewis weekend
which even I despair at and it's not in
really Clavin was for me but even I
despaired until the Clavin was weakened
I want to leave you with something as
stuff I like a little bit uplifting one
of the things when I lived in Britain
that I loved was British hymns church
hymns are so much nicer than ours
there's so many beautiful ones they have
one I vow to thee my country just
absolutely rocking great hymn seek ye
first the kingdom of God and the most
famous of them is called Jerusalem and
some of you if you remember the film
Chariots of Fire the word the title
Chariots of Fire comes from the hymn
Jerusalem it was written by William
Blake a poet that I loved very dearly
he's a very very very difficult poem
poet when I read him in college I
couldn't understand a word he was saying
and yet I read lots and lots and lots of
him and then one day many years later
when I was living in New York it
suddenly went on and I got him I
understood what he was saying because he
wrote these mythologies where he made up
the characters and so you have to sort
of figure out what each character
represents and who he is and he he was a
forerunner of Sigmund Freud and that
kind of psychological thing where you
talk about characters like the ego and
the it'd and so he write these
mythologies and one of his poems it's
really just the prelude to one of his
massive his pops are just massive but he
wrote this poem that is the provides the
words for the hymn Jerusalem and it's
based on an old myth that Joseph of
Arimathea brought Jesus to England
during his lost years as a child and
that that's and that's where the lyrics
did those feet in ancient time walk upon
England's mountain's Green but then he
goes on to talk about the coming of the
New Jerusalem in Jerusalem this is one
of the things in when the Jews were
expelled from Jerusalem Jerusalem became
sort of a dream of restoring the Jewish
fortunes and I think to this day a
Passover they say they raise a toast
next year will be in Jerusalem and that
doesn't mean next year
the family's going on a trip to Israel
what it means is that next year the
Jewish fortunes will be restored and
that was where a lot of the theology the
Jewish theology of the Messiah came from
that a descendant of King David who was
their most powerful King they can't go
establish their empire the the line of
King David would produce another King
and restore them to Jerusalem and that
got translated in Christianity into a
sort of more it became in Judaism
actually translated into a more
spiritual level and I realized this is
the classics illustrated version of this
but I'm in a hurry so it cut me a little
slack but but in Christianity they
developed this idea of the New Jerusalem
the Jerusalem spiritual Jerusalem a new
heaven and a new earth which is in
Revelations and so William Blake who was
a visionary a guy who saw angels and
trees he saw he actually saw angels and
heard them whispering there's a very
moving story about his death when he was
on his deathbed he had a long-standing
marriage to a woman he loved very much
was an illiterate and but helped him
with all his stuff and he was he started
singing on his deathbed and she said
who's his wife said to him whose songs
are those my love and he said they are
not mine and he was hearing this music
from the other spheres he passed very
peacefully into the next world
and so he at the end of this he says
this incredibly beautiful uplifting
verse where he calls out to the heavens
and he says bring me my bow of burning
gold bring me my arrows of desire
bring me my spear o clouds unfold bring
me my chariot of fire I will not cease
from mental fight nor shall my sword
sleep in my hand till we have built
Jerusalem in England's green and
pleasant land so think about that
through the clayvin this weekend that
the mental fight never ends we will
fight this spiritual battle together and
we'll go on no matter what happens in
the physical world we'll continue to
fight this here is Charlotte Church with
the voice of an angel singing this live
in Jerusalem
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see you next week
