the wages of political sin is Donald
Trump Speaker of the House Paul Ryan
found that out this week after NBC News
released a brand new poll showing only
39% of Republicans trust Ryan to lead
the party more than 2016 presumptive
nominee Donald Trump 58 percent trusted
Donald Trump to lead the Republican
Party that holds true regardless of
ideological self-identification very
conservative voters favor Trump 63 to 34
over Ryan conservatives trusted from 57
to 40 over Ryan even moderates trusted
Trump 57 to 40 over Ryan for his part
Ryan who's been trying to broker some
sort of tetons between Trump and the
never Trump conservatives he proclaimed
himself just sanguine about the whole
thing he said quote I hope it's Donald
Trump he's getting the nomination he's
wrapping up the nomination good lord I
hope it is because the person who's
getting the nomination of our party is
the person to lead our party okay so
this isn't a reflection of Trump
supposed massive popularity he's won 42
percent of the Republican primary votes
it's a reflection of widespread
discontent with a Republican
establishment unwilling to go to the
math to stop President Obama's agenda
instead negotiating budget deals that
fund Obamacare and executive amnesty and
the Iran deal among other travesties
less than a quarter of Republicans
generally approve of the job Congress
has done so it's no wonder that very few
Republicans want to get by Republicans
congressional leader and it turns out
they're only two options on the poll
that's the nature of trumpism well at
least he's not X at least Trump isn't
Paul Ryan at least Trump isn't Hillary
Clinton at least Trump isn't the
Republican establishment at least Trump
isn't the media well that's true
so far as it goes that isn't very far
and it's not a particularly good case
for making Trump leader of the free
world or the Republican Party given that
a flaming bag of dog excrement is likely
more popular than all of the choices
that we just listed above nonetheless
Trump will be seen as the leader of the
Republican Party which of course is a
giant problem when all the options are
terrible or at least when all the decent
options were taken off the table even
the least bad option is still terrible
Trump as leader of the Republican Party
he does an inordinate amount of brand
damage to the GOP he hollows out the
core of the party's supposed
conservative ideology and he underscores
the left favorite image of
Ekans as ignorant no nothing's willing
to pander to bigots to get ahead but hey
you know at least he's not Paul Ryan
right fellow Republicans I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show tends to
demonize people don't care about your
feelings already so we're going to start
today with chaos inside the Democratic
Party so let's start first of all with
the latest from Venezuela because I just
want to point something out Venezuela is
completely collapsing Venezuela is
collapsing because it is an
authoritarian model based on economic
populism they closed their borders to
trade they nationalized industry they
raised taxes they increased government
spending alright this was supposed to be
sort of the model country for how
leftism could work american-style
leftism could work if you just handed
enough power to one big strong man and
it's a giant failed the LA Times reports
today with dire shortages of basic goods
a looming foreign debt payment horrific
street crime and intransigent political
divisions Venezuela is in danger of
collapsing into waves of deadly violence
US intelligence officials warned
Venezuela which controls the world's
largest reserves of crude oil is in the
throes of a potentially explosive
political stalemate after opposition
parties gains a majority in the National
Congress in elections late last year
president Nicolas Maduro a leftist faces
a possible recall vote sponsored by the
opposition he's maneuvering to block all
portends a dilemma for US policymakers
concerned about the ripples of more
violence but with few options to change
the course of events a senior US
intelligence official said Friday quote
the goal now is to mitigate the crisis
that is unfolding you can hear the ice
cracking so the Obama administration has
already sanctioned a bunch of Venezuelan
individuals linked to human rights
abuses the Senate has voted to extend
the sanctions under the sanctions we can
actually confiscate some of their money
but we don't have much direct influence
in the country it's been ruled by
anti-american socialists since Google
Chavez came to power in 1999 you figure
Obama and Hugo Chavez would have gotten
along better but Google Chavez died and
went directly to Hell where he burns in
sulfur Maduro
is a former bus driver and Chavez is
hand-picked successor which is a great
resume right there that's you know you
need somebody to lead the country when
they used to drive a bus that's that's
really that's that's the chief
qualification and again nothing against
bus drivers but going straight from
being a bus driver
to running the country is weird he was
elected to a six-year term in 2013 after
Chavez died and then the United States
says we can't really intervene because
if we intervene them we're seen as the
problem his approval ratings mature over
15% people have no goods people are
dying in the streets this is what
happens when socialism and socialist
populism ends up winning the day this is
what happened so here's the part that's
scary for us ladies and gentlemen Bernie
Sanders thinks that we ought to be much
more like Venezuela all they're taking
closing the borders to trade taking out
more debt spending more money where it
doesn't belong on redistributionist
programs putting heavy regulations on
whatever private bid private industry is
left nationalizing industry that is
Bernie Sanders his goal he wants to do
all those things except he wants to be
even worse than Chavez was in the sense
that he would like to quash the domestic
American oil industry where Chavez lived
off of the Venezuelan oil industry to
find his petrol his petro tyranny and by
the way hit the richest person in
Venezuela is Hugo Chavez his daughter
which is not a coincidence Bernie
Sanders wants us to be more like
Venezuela Hillary Clinton also wants us
to be more like Venezuela but slowly
right she wants us to get there but she
but we can't tell people we want to go
there because then they're gonna look
there and they're gonna see that place
of crap also instead we're just gonna
sort of hedge our bets pretend that we
like private industry no we don't want
to shut down free trade no we don't want
to shut down private industry or
regulate it no we'd never want to take
out more debt raise taxes to crazy
levels no so Hillary is basically Bernie
Sanders and Hugo Chavez just slower and
then there's Donald Trump who also wants
to be Hugo Chavez right Donald Trump
wants total control over the economy he
wants to help his friends and hurt his
enemies he wants higher prey he wants
tremendously high tariffs on all foreign
goods he wants to maintain all of the
entitlement programs and in fact to grow
them so we have three candidates left in
the race all of whom want us to be more
like Venezuela so yeah we're effed we've
got a serious problem on our hands okay
so with all of that said what's
happening inside the Democratic Party is
we've now reached the fascist moment in
American politics where you've got
Sanders people who are upset with the
Democratic Party establishment they're
upset with the system and so they've
started to engage in violence and they
want somebody who's going to come in and
fix out
they want a powerful man like Bernie
Sanders you got Hillary Clinton who
wants an inordinate amount of power to
push her agenda she wants that power to
shut down her opposition she's always
had these tendencies and you've got
Donald Trump who is also of the
authoritarian molds who wants to shut
down his opposition and who and who is
being told by his own base that the
system is so unworkable that we need a
bad man to come in and fix all of it so
we've reached the moment of tyranny in
the United States but we focused a lot
on the Republican Party and the rise of
the kind of tyrannical authoritarianism
of Trump inside the Republican Party the
same thing is happening but even more
extreme in the Democratic Party because
at least you could say Ted Cruz wasn't
an authoritarian Hillary is an
authoritarian Bernie Sanders is a worse
authoritarian so you have an off ferret
Aryan
all of this is now breaking out into the
open and Rowlett rather hilarious
fashion over the weekend and then the
Nevada caucuses we talked a little bit
about this yesterday at then the Nevada
Democratic Party had its had its state
meeting and the leader of the Democratic
Party there is a woman that Roberta
Liang you're about to see her and this
is at the Paris Las Vegas hotel and one
of the things the Bernie Sanders
supporters wanted as they wanted a bunch
of alternative delegates sponsored as as
possible alternatives to the Hillary
delegates so they felt like they're
being excluded from the process she
didn't want any of this she just wanted
to appoint the Hillary people and then
leave the burning people showed up and
they were ticked and here's what it
looked like
okay
so people for folks who can't see this
basically the she walks up there she
shouts that there's been a voice vote to
appoint the delegates an adjourn there's
not a voice vote she just slams the
gavel on the podium like as I said
yesterday like Bill Clinton slapping a
slapping a woman on the ass and she just
grabs the gavel and bangs it on the on
the podium and storms off Hera fly and
in the wind and apparently the police
then just filed in and started cleaning
everybody out so the Bernie Sanders
people were ticked they started cursing
at Barbara Boxer and yelling at Barbara
Boxer they started throwing chairs they
started making all sorts of trouble
Barbara Boxer said that Bernie Sanders
is responsible for this she said he
should get things under control we have
to be united he knows that I am
Feinstein senator from California big
Hillary supporter said Sanders should
drop out I think it would be regretful
if there becomes a schism she said it's
the responsibility particularly of
senator Sanders to see that doesn't
happen
apparently high-level Sanders organizers
told people at this Nevada convention
don't leave even if they tell you to
leave right just stick around and make
trouble John Cato is a national
delegates director she said you should
not leave I'm gonna repeat unless you
are told by someone from the campaign
you can leave you should not leave so
Bernie Sanders was asked about the
violence here who's asked about this in
an interview this is clip 3 and here was
Bernie Sanders his response being asked
about the violence at the Nevada
Democratic convention
senator quickly this past weekend with
the Nevada conventions
so for those who can't see and his wife
should subscribe folks because the video
is pretty incredible he's asked the
question and then suddenly his earpiece
his his his hearing aids stops working
and he sort of toddles off and when he
takes off for the when he takes off for
the car he takes off very slowly because
he's not capable of moving quickly 73
years old but he completely ignores the
question and just walks away he's also
now issued a statement the case of the
Sanders campaign has issued a statement
because they've come under heavy
criticism from a lot of Democrats on all
of this here's the statement Bernie
Sanders issued quote it is imperative
that the Democratic leadership both
nationally and in the States understand
that the political world is changing and
that millions of Americans are outraged
at establishment politics and
establishment economics the people of
this country wants a government which
represents all of us not just the 1%
super PACs and wealthy campaign
contributors the Democratic Party has a
choice it can open its doors and welcome
into the party people who are prepared
to fight for real economic and social
change people who are willing to take on
Wall Street corporate greed and a fossil
fuel industry which is destroying the
planet or the party can choose to
maintain its status quo structure remain
dependent on big-money campaign
contributions and be a party with
limited participation and limited energy
within the last few days and there's a
long statement within the last few days
there have been a number of criticisms
made against my campaign organization
party leaders in Nevada for example
claim that the Sanders campaign has a
quote unquote penchant for violence that
is nonsense our campaign is held giant
rallies all around the country including
in high-crime areas and there have been
zero reports of violence not true
you remember Sanders supporters showed
up at the Donald Trump rally in Chicago
and shut that thing down because they
were getting violent outside the
campaign rally many complains about
violence against Bernie Sanders
supporters in Nevada he says he says if
the Democratic Party is to be successful
in November it is imperative that all
state parties treat our campaign
supporters with fairness and respect
that they have earned and then he talks
about all the terrible things that
happened in Nevada so he's basically
saying okay you know they're doing what
they're doing nothing I can do he's
pulling a trump well you know they're
doing they're just doing their thing and
here's Bernie Sanders saying it straight
out he says that that you know that is
clipped to that they've got to you know
do what they're gonna do and I can't
stop them
say to the leadership of the Democratic
Party open the doors let the people in
Oh
the other option the other option for
the Democratic Party which I see is a
very sad and tragic option is the truth
is the truth to maintain its status quo
structure remain dependent on big-money
campaign contributions
and be a party with limited
participation and limited energy
and a party which incredibly is allowing
a right-wing extremist Republican party
to capture the votes of a majority of
working people in this country so there
he is making the claim that the
Democratic Party is broken remember
Bernie and Hillary don't really disagree
on anything Hillary's just an
incrementalist she is using the
corporate culture in order to foster her
leftism she's created this corporatism
the this idea of corporatism business
working hand in glove with government
bernie believes a lot of these same
things he's just more pure about it in
the way that he speaks it he's more
honest in the way that he speaks it but
basically what this is now breaking down
into is the is the establishment wing of
the Democratic Party in the Bernie
Sanders wing it sounds a lot like the
Republican Party where there is the the
quote-unquote establishment wing and
then there's the Donald Trump wing the
difference is that there are actual
substantive policy differences between
Donald Trump and other Republicans there
are no substantive policy differences
between Bernie Sanders and Hillary
Clinton like none the only difference is
one of approach but it's getting bad
anyway because people are so frustrated
and people feel like they've been
screwed even by people like Hillary
Clinton because she has the stink of
money on her she has the stink of money
on her and so they're very very upset
about all of this and you can see I mean
here's a typical Democratic supporter so
let's start with it there's this actress
who who's talking III can't remember her
name
she's I've seen her in a lot of stuff
she's very familiar but she's talking
here about how she first started to feel
the Bern and no it wasn't because of a
urinary tract infection this is where
she starts talking about how she joined
the the Bernie Sanders movement
I saw a few people pulled their arms up
with a gentle fist now I was peeking of
course because my eyes were closed but I
was looking around at all of this and
then I looked up at the stage where
senator Sanders was standing standing
and I will never forget that moment he
stood there with a look of awe in his
face
he had a look of amazement in his face
his countenance was that of a man with
such deep feelings and at that moment I
felt what he felt and that's when my
heart was ignited that's when I started
feeling the burn
so they're sure this is some lady from
Titanic I think she's one of the
shilling the villainess is in Titanic so
the so there she is saying that that she
saw this look on Bernie Sanders face
this angelic look on Bernie Sanders face
and that's how she joined up this is the
new politics the new politics is I saw
the power emanating from Donald Trump
I saw the glory emanating from Bernie
Sanders and they will lead us to the
promised land all these people will
magically magically lead us to the
promised land when you believe in that
sort of leadership it's not a long leap
from there to we're just going to to
push people around in the name of our of
our God King whoever that God king is so
the the conflict is now breaking out in
the Democratic Party Bernie Sanders his
campaign manager was on MSNBC he said
the Debbie wasserman-schultz the head of
the DNC the Democratic National
Committee that she was working against
Sanders directly well it's it's
ridiculous frankly a Bernie Sanders made
it very clear before the convention that
he wanted people act civilly he made it
clear after the convention that he
condemned any threats that went on you
know the chairwoman of the Democratic
National Committee I mean it's been
pretty clear Steve from almost from the
get-go that she has been working against
Bernie Sanders I mean that's no doubt
about it you know for personal reasons
you know whether it's that debate
schedule that we had that very confined
debate scheduled that we had with
debates scheduled on weekends where no
one was going to be watching whether it
was this joint fundraising agreement
that they have with the Hillary Clinton
campaign which is taking money out of
state parties you know whether it's this
the standing committees where they have
appointed hosta mean really hostile
Hillary Clinton Parsons against you know
to head these committees at the
convention the Debbie wasserman-schultz
has really been a divider and not really
provided the kind of leadership that the
Democratic Party needs what wait for
personal reasons what you say she's
doing this for personal reasons what do
you mean well I just think if you talk
to other high-ranking Democrats in the
Democratic National Committee which I do
with some frequency I would say that
there is not a unanimity in terms of her
tactics and her responses throughout
this campaign I mean if you think back
to that issue where they shut off the
senator Sanders access to his data
shortly before the
the Iowa caucuses I mean that was a
unilateral action taken on her believe
me there was tremendous pressure inside
the party structure for her to Berlin so
you think she's greasing the skids for
Hillary Clinton
no I don't I don't really know what her
motivation is but it's been clear
there's a pattern of conduct from the
beginning of this campaign that has been
a hospital to Bernie Sanders so this is
this is how the Bernie Sanders people
feel and there's tremendous anger out
there tremendous anger at a party
establishment that feels like it's not
listening to the voice of the young
people who are really really angry at
capitalism and really angry at crony
capitalism what's amazing about all of
this folks is that all of the corruption
all the failures of government they're
leading people toward more government or
the solution is we need somebody bigger
we need somebody stronger to take over
the government but put that aside for a
minute there's been critiques of the
Republican establishment for not paying
attention to the anger of the Republican
base take a look at Hillary's response
to everything that went on in Nevada
what happened in Nevada no I don't know
nothing's happening she's standing there
have you never heard anything if you
heard anything and they're all doing
this route so Hillary is doing this
routine now with the anger doesn't even
exist it doesn't exist there's no reason
for people to be upset there's no reason
for people to be angry she's not even
try and co-opt the anger she stole
Sanders his entire platform but she's
not gonna try and co-op the anger as
well the Sanders campaign by the way
when they say the debbie Wasserman
Schultz is backing Hillary Clinton
they're exactly right debbie Wasserman
Schultz in the super delegates were
selected long in advance in favor of
Hillary Clinton remember this and this
is a very close race between Bernie
Sanders and Hillary Clinton
imagine how much closer it would be if
we hadn't all been told from the outset
that five to six-hundred Hillary
super-delegates were already on board
imagine if those super-delegates just
didn't exist do you think that would
have changed things at all that as
Bernie started to build momentum
the Hillary inevitability train would
have slowed but because the Democratic
Party put its finger on the scale with
these super delegates who are unelected
and are selected top down that meant the
Bernie had a really difficult time
overcoming that and Debbie
wasserman-schultz is still refusing to
recognize the anger they have to
maintain this blindness because the
anger is really against them here's
debbie Wasserman Schultz blaming Bernie
Sanders for what happened at the Nevada
convention this is
it's unacceptable behavior and the
Sanders campaign and senator Sanders
himself should not only outright condemn
that specific conduct but they also need
to take steps to vent it and make sure
that their supporters understand that
the the most important and correct way
to respond to any frustration they have
over process is to be civil and orderly
not respond with violence and
intimidation and that needs to be
unequivocally condemned and
unfortunately it has not been
unequivocally condemned have you reached
out directly to Bernie Sanders to talk
to him about your concerns I have not we
have communicated through our senior
staff and that I sent a statement and
Senator Reid and others have spoken
directly with senator Sanders I think it
should be pretty clear to anybody that
violence and intimidation is never
acceptable under any circumstances and
it should be condemned and there are no
ifs ands or buts about it why not call
him why not reach out you're the leader
of the Democratic Party why not make
make a phone call to senator Sanders and
tell him exactly what you just told us
you know after I heard that Senator Reid
had had that leader Reid had had a
conversation with senator Sanders and he
publicly announced that he felt that
senator Sanders was going to respond
appropriately an issue a statement I was
comfortable that in one conversation was
enough
unfortunately the Senators response was
anything but acceptable it certainly did
not condemn his supporters for for
acting violently or engaging in
intimidation tactics and instead added
more fuel to the fire okay so it's very
funny w Wasserman Schultz will go after
Bernie Sanders his supporters were going
after Barbara Boxer and Hillary
supporters she done anything to say when
people were rioting in Chicago to stop
Trump from from doing a speech there
right then debbie Wasserman Schultz was
totally silent so clearly she's
motivated on behalf of Hillary she's
been a big supporter of Hillary Clinton
for at least 15 years so this is this is
nothing new in any in any way shape or
form so this is this battle is now
breaking out into the open you've got
one side saying we've got a revolution
going on you've got the other side
saying that there is no revolution it's
not happening Alison lundergan Grimes
who was a Senate candidate in Kentucky
she is back and now she is saying that
that she is that there is no revolution
happening in Kentucky which was a state
where they had a primary yesterday they
are about making sure that we are
enforcing the laws that are on the books
and that's what Secretary Clinton has
put forth but we're seeing tonight is
that Kentuckians are setting forth
there's no revolution that's occurring
for senator Sanders here in the
Commonwealth of Kentucky he didn't get
the big night that he needed and
importantly Secretary Clinton came here
to the Commonwealth to continue to talk
about her plan and importantly making
sure that she sets forth a brighter
future for all Kentuckians and for all
Americans her message was one focused
very much on the general election and I
think most people realize the big
delegates that are left the remaining
pledged delegates during the contest in
California and New Jersey that are
coming up in June and that's where the
nomination will be had but I do feel
confident that secretary Hillary Rodham
Clinton will be the first female to win
the major nomination of a Democratic
Party and Secretary of State she's the
Bible a she's the Secretary of State
whose job it is to certify election
results in Kentucky and you wonder why
the Sanders supporters are going a
little bit crazy over this whole
election cycle so here's what it looks
like when this whole thing breaks out
into the open so leftist pundits there
are a couple different leftist pundits
who are on CNN and they started just
losing their crap with each other's bill
press who's a radical leftist and
Hillary Rosen who's a Clinton laughed as
Hilary Rosen you'll remember I was the
charming woman who suggested way back
when she was such a charmer she
suggested that Ann Romney didn't do
anything for a living you remember that
she was that one who said that Ann
Romney was basically a stay at home
nothing person so bill press versus
Hillary Rosen on Bernie Sanders I
personally believe that debbie Wasserman
Schultz should learn some lessons from
Reince Priebus about being an impartial
chair
brings people gather ensues things down
rather rather than stirs it up but I
want to separate that from wait hold one
second no you got it you got to be
kidding from Hillary so one point one
was sure sure go ahead Hillary
that that's the most ridiculous thing I
ever heard just last night Debbie was on
TV that our DNC chair asking if Bernie
should get out no absolutely Reince
Priebus you know John Kasich has been on
TV all week complaining that Reince
Priebus called the election for Donald
Trump you know weeks before he got close
to the delegate count the DNC has been
scrupulously objective and stayed out of
this for a long time this thrashing of
the DNC leadership is absolutely
ridiculous and unacceptable just because
Bernie Sanders is losing all he's doing
is whining about the process and Bill
this is beneath you come on okay so this
is this reminiscent at all is this is
this debate reminiscent at all people
saying the process is is screwing the
person who has all the anger on his side
and other people saying well the process
didn't that's you'd I mean the guy's
doing fine yes and it broke out into
open war in the Republican Party it will
break out into open war in the
Democratic Party it is going to damage
the people at the top of the Democratic
Party
MSNBC's Michael Brzezinski she's out
there saying that debbie Wasserman
Schultz should actually step down she
should resign her job
why would Bernie Sanders politely get in
line for the Democratic Party because
Hillary as well I sure as hell wouldn't
if AB if the party I was a member of
treated me like this rigged the debate
process rigged Iowa rigged the entire
thing going forward if if the Democratic
poor if the Republican Party that I'd
say goes straight to hell I'm running as
an independent I would go out there I
would because I would be betraying my
people all of those people that gave him
25 26 27 dollars to just play nice for
the Democratic Party and fold yourself
into a convention people at the end
excuse me when the Democratic Party
doesn't respect them okay so yeah you
know that this is now again the the
reason that I'm emphasizing this is
because the entire political system is
now breaking down the entire political
system on both sides of the political
aisle is now breaking down people in the
Democratic Party don't even know it
they're angry at they don't even know
what they're angry at in the Republican
Party half of them don't know what
they're angry at my impression
and this is the impression of a lot of
people is that people were angry at the
Republican establishment because they
didn't like them making deals with
Barack Obama and cutting bad deals with
Barack Obama that Rhian shrined big
government and so it turned out that was
false because we just made the nominee
somebody who wants bigger government and
who wants to cut more deals with
Democrats so what's the anger all about
it's about nothing the anger is just
anger
there's no it doesn't have a source
people people have a generalized anxiety
about theirs in medicine there's there's
an idea that you can be anxious about
certain specific events become anxious
about certain specific events if you do
this often enough you get generalized
anxiety disorder you just wake up and
you're anxious everything around you
makes you anxious everything around you
makes you upset okay that's what's
happened after enough years of feeling
like the political structure has screwed
people people are now feeling completely
disenchanted with everyone in the
political process it's why you take
polls of Congress and the polls show
fifteen percent approval rating for
Congress even though people keep
electing the same Congress people and it
shows low approval ratings for the
president no matter who the president is
and they'll keep electing the same
president so people are just generally
angry inside the Republican Party you
know there's there's talk about there's
anger against free trade okay it's true
for a small segment of the Trump support
there's anger against against
immigration it's true for again a small
segment of the Trump support the polls
it's not an overwhelming majority of
Trump supporters who are who are super
hard on the border a majority of from
supporters are in favor of some sort of
immigration reform believe it or not you
look at these polls this is true so
what's the anger about the anger is just
you feel out of control and in the
Democratic Party same thing what's the
anger about the Democrats have given
leftists everything they could possibly
want they're moving toward universal
health care they're moving to our higher
taxes they're moving to our total
regulation they're moving toward a
sexual utopia in which you get to choose
not just your sexual orientation but
whether you're a man or a woman or
something in between
right the Democratic Party is giving the
left what they want so what are they
whining about what are they so upset
about the answer is that when you get
what you want and it turns out not to be
what you want you just get mad when you
give government all this power to fix
your life and then government doesn't
fix your life your life is exactly the
same as it ever was if not a little bit
worse because now you've got higher
taxes and more regulations what you end
up with is this tremendous sense of
frustration and you
and you find a figure to channel that
frustration into and then everybody
who's not before that figure is against
that figure and those are the enemies
because people don't think through
issues seriously people ask s Bernie
Sanders supporters what are their chief
issues and they'll say things like
income inequality ask Hillary people
Hillary people what their chief issues
are and they'll say income inequality
but the Sanders supporters hate the
Hillary supporters hate them or if you
ask the Hillary supporters what's your
big problem with Bernie Sanders they'll
say he's unrealistic ask the Sanders
supporters what their big problem is
with Hillary Clinton they'll say that
she's corrupt but these same people
don't seem to care that what Bernie
Sanders wants is a government of people
who are selected not elected to figure
out how to divvy up the dollars
corruption runs endemic to socialism
it's part of socialism socialism is the
most corrupt system that was ever
created by man or God
so what here's what happens when you
have this much anger floating around out
there when you put all your faith not in
yourself not in your family not in a
basic principle of freedom not in God
not in your church not in your community
when you put all your faith and these
people who are far away to solve all
your problems and then that doesn't
happen your solution unfortunately tends
not to be okay give me the power back
okay give me the power back it tends to
be no you know what I was right to make
the original decision to delegate my
power over my own life to somebody else
we just need somebody different to do it
we need somebody who we can look up to
and see his face glowing we can see the
feelings on his face and if we hand
power to him everything will be okay but
anyone who opposes that person is a bad
guy see this is one of the one of the
great tragedies I think of the way that
we're taught history in the United
States and all over the world is the
word taught history is those a series of
almost random events things that happen
that could never happen here when bad
things happen is because monsters did it
when good things happen because Saints
did it we have a tendency as human
beings to tell ourselves pretty bedtime
stories about monsters and and gods and
heroes and villains and the truth is
most people are just kind of people most
people are just humans and those humans
are capable of making very bad decisions
and those humans are mostly driven
toward handing over power to people who
say that they will fix their problems
going all the way back to biblical times
I've talked about this before in the
book of Samuel go all the way back to
biblical
time's god explicitly says in the
Pentateuch he actually says openly don't
have a king right no Kings and then it
turns out that the people desperately
want a king why do they want a king
because they want somebody who's gonna
consolidate supports that can fight the
bad guys and they go to Samuel who's the
leader who is the judge and they say to
him why don't you crown us a king and he
says well God said not to and it's gonna
be a big mistake you're not gonna like
how this goes and they say we want a
king anyway he gives them a king and
then that proceeds to be the Davidic
dynasty which by the way does end in
tragedy and bloodshed in civil war yeah
we can we can make all we want as Jews
we make a big deal out of the Davidic
dynasty but the truth is that was not
originally conceived in the Bible and
the other truth is that it didn't end
particularly well dynasties never do
Kings never do human beings let you down
but when you get rid of God when you get
rid you sort of have to believe that
there is a higher justice in the
universe to believe in your own capacity
for individual freedom if you believe
that all of life is just chaotic that
you're walking around in sort of a
Hobbesian universe where things happen
to you randomly you can't control them
you look for a way to control events
everybody looks for a way to control
events
I heard Andrew Klavan Sana's showed that
the reason people read and read mystery
novels and watch a mystery movies and
suspense films and horror films is
because they don't want that in real
life right in real life they want things
to be predictable they don't want to be
surprised in real life no one likes
being surprised in real life well how do
you prevent surprise well if you're a
religious believer nothing is
particularly surprising you believe God
is in control so it's not really a big
surprise something bad happens it's bad
but it's not necessarily a surprise it's
all part of the plan it's all part of
God's plan right if you don't believe in
God if you believe that there's just a
universe that's out to get you and it's
he and things happen randomly a bunch of
people bounce off each other then you
look for a way to control events the
easiest way to control events is to get
a bunch of people together who say they
will control events if you give them
enough power and that's what's happening
now because no matter who wins on any
side of this that person that party that
group of people they want to consolidate
power behind somebody that they worship
behind something we've entered the age
of idolatry we're no longer in a godly
American age this is the real tragedy of
America we're no longer in a godly
American age then the church-going has
gone down in tans and with government
going up we're now in an age of idol
worship and we all idol worship whomever
we
is going to channel our feelings whoever
is going to channel how we feel and
that's the most important question
because if they channel our feelings
then they'll do right by us and they'll
do right by us so it's it's you know
this is all very scary stuff it should
be it's fun to laugh at the Democratic
Party which has no control over itself
and you got a 69 year old corrupt
harridan running against a 73 year old
nutjob socialist who's never held an
actual job but in the end this is really
a consolidation about power and the
revolution is eating its own and it's
just gonna move further and further to
the left Trump and his wing in the party
are gonna move further and further to
the to the tyrannical side of the right
and so we just got to elect our dictator
every four years which is scary stuff
speaking of which the Donald Trump had
an interview with megyn kelly last night
there's much awaited interview megyn
kelly has been moving she said that she
wants to do sort of a Barbara Walters a
baba wawa routine and so she wants to do
these these hour-long specials where she
interviews prominent people and does so
in a softer manner so that's what she
did with Donald Trump last night it
wasn't a typical megyn kelly
prosecutorial legal legalese lawyer
asked attacking interview it was much
more kind of Donald Trump softer side
and so Donald Trump was on with megyn
kelly quick preface two things happen
with the Trump family that are kind of
weird that are worth mentioning one is
Melania Trump has now made a solid pitch
for her husband she says he's not Hitler
she actually says this to which to which
the alt-right and Miley innopolis go oh
dang it okay so there's the you know
there's some alt-right people who will
be upset that he's not in fact Hitler or
at least she says he's not also Ivanka
Trump says her husband her father
doesn't grow people so we now have an
election between a man whose daughter
has to assure us that he doesn't grow
people and a woman whose husband groves
people so that's very exciting
anyway Donald Trump was on with megyn
kelly and and they go out a little bit
but it's much nicer than you would
previously suppose here's Donald Trump
explaining why he was upset with Megyn
Kelly's original question original
question in the first debate ask you a
tough question about women using only
the words that you had used I thought it
was a fair question
why didn't you I thought it was unfair I
thought it first what I didn't think it
was really a question I
was more of a statement that's the first
question that I've ever been asked
during a debate and I've never debated
before I mean in my whole life is a
debate but I've never actually debated
before and I'm saying to myself man what
a question and then of course then you
have Brett doing his thing so I'm saying
to myself I got two hours of this I
don't really blame you because you're
doing your thing but from my standpoint
I don't have to like it okay I don't
have to like it
no one asked him to like it they just
asked you not to say that she's bleeding
from her wherever but this is the this
is the routine that that trump plays are
orange God King he says that that's that
you know he has a right to be upset
about all of this
Trump also said to megyn kelly that the
first debate was pretty amazing that's
when he realized he could be President
of the United States not to bring up an
unpleasant debate but you know that
first debate was pretty amazing and 24
million people watching in a record on
cable television and I think that meant
something I think that first debate
meant something because I felt very very
comfortable with the subject and I felt
very comfortable with the people I was
competing against he says he was he was
comfortable and of course he was
comfortable because the truth is that
it's hard to watch all of this it's hard
to watch I mean he had a fight with
megyn kelly for nine months and now
they're sitting together and in a Fox
special and it's hard not to watch Trump
operate and realize that he's part of a
whole media complex that is that is
really very much in his favor and times
I said earlier Donald Trump wants to be
Hugo Chavez Google Chavez used to do a
routine where he would actually set up a
desk in the middle of a plaza like a
Piazza and yet there's a full TV channel
just dedicated to Google Chavez and he
would set up a desk in the middle of the
plaza and then he would set up a line of
people asking him requests from the king
basically and they would come and they
would ask him requests and he would
stand up and he pound the table he'd say
him to a minister oh go get this woman
her car and he'd say go get this man his
medicine right he was just demonstrating
to the entire population that he really
cared and cared deeply this is what you
can expect from Donald Trump right this
is how Trump is going to operate is this
sort of this sort of media ownership and
the touchy-feely stuff for Trump doesn't
come off as sincere to me but it's you
know it's effective for a certain group
of people Kelly did go after Trump a
little bit she said to him can you even
can you go for years without threatening
to sue anybody because right now you
can't
basically four minutes without
threatening to do it you have threatened
to sue many people in the course of the
campaign but of course if you wind up
president you're not gonna be able to do
that either wait can you go for years
without threatening to sue anybody
well what China has done to us is but
you maybe you do the world you know you
do so you know you do have methods of
suing countries any law firm no no it's
gonna be business but it's a little
different and it's also tactic for me
it's a business for me and I've been
successful and I've you know used
litigation and sometimes I use it maybe
when I shouldn't and sometimes I know
okay so he says that not really maybe
he'll sue people you know he uses it
sometimes that was the I mean really
that was his answer his the answer was
yeah you know sometimes I use litigation
as a tool sometimes I don't use
litigation as a tool so she says can you
stop suing people he says well I guess
maybe he won't have to sue people as
president of the United States
he'll just ban them right he'll just use
the power of the federal government to
go after people which is what people
love about Donald Trump he'll solve all
their problems with a wave of his stubby
finger and and I think that the the real
the real kind of hoax of a lot of trumps
media manipulation came out in this
particular clip megyn kelly asked Trump
you said you're gonna boycott Fox but
you didn't really boycott Fox did you
perhaps the time you know what was the
last time I watched a baseball game I'm
watching you all the time okay I'm
watching a rally all the time okay so
you didn't really boycott Fox by the way
he never boycotted then even with
appearances he continued to appear on
Sean Hannity's show about every 30
seconds and he literally hang up and
then Sean would call him back and then
he pick up the phone and they'd have a
conversation and then they'd say that
and then it would be like one of those
conversations where say you hang up for
snow you no you hang up first no please
you you hang up first and then Trump
would hang up and then handy would would
say to its producer go get him back on
the line in any case that's it you know
this whole thing is is in the end all
this politics that this political race
is all about power and it's it's not
it's it's not about good power it's
about it's about use of bad power it's
about use a very negative power one
thing I do want to note megyn kelly
asked him about his legions
mine supporters who have been vile to
her and to a lot of other people and
here was Donald Trump's answer about
this is that about when Trump comes
after you the truth is when Trump comes
after you it's not just Trump I mean any
of us we're in news we're used to people
saying nasty things about us you know
like everybody here is a Diskin it's
what happens with the supporters not all
of them you know most of them are just
God loving Americans who are home like
yes would you help me out for the love
of God but some are not that way and
some take two like serious threats and
you know I have three young kids and I
don't have Secret Service following me
around and so that piece of it has been
very dark okay so and then that is true
so I want to make a quick detour here to
say you should go check out my piece a
National Review today about the
anti-semitism among the Trump supporters
already the Trump supporters are up in
arms particularly Jim HOF to Gateway
pundit he's saying that it's just
terrible that I would write about
anti-semitism at in the Trump movement
apparently he's just discovered that
this sort of thing actually exists yes
it does it exists I mean I didn't show
you the tweets that I received after the
birth of my child but yes it definitely
definitely exists and Trump breeds it
and frump loves it and from pushes it
forward because it helps him that
doesn't mean Trump's an anti-semite it
means that he is a politician of
convenience and he's willing to pander
to and work with the worst folks in
order to push himself forward same thing
by the way is true of Hillary Clinton
and it's also true of Bernie Sanders we
were I think we've if we haven't reached
the rock bottom of our politics I I
shudder to think what comes after all
this well in that light note on that
light note let's do some things that I
like and then some things that I hate so
first thing thing that I like here is uh
I've said before I'm a big Christopher
Nolan fan one of his one of his movies
that is is a little bit lesser-known it
did well with the box office but didn't
blow out the box office his movie called
The Prestige with Hugh Jackman and
Christian Bale and it's a really clever
fun movie David Bowie shows up for a
little while in this film and is
actually very good and it's it's just
it's a really good movie here's a bit of
the preview Shirley
come on no my comes oh hey how'd you do
it magic I'll perform this feat the
manner never before seen by yourselves
or any other audience anywhere in the
world audience loved it
this trim is top-notch need to celebrate
a real magician tries to invent
something fun something that other
magicians will scratch their heads over
I suppose you have such a treatment su
out there someone they're gonna remember
me for what happened it was the greatest
magic trick I've ever seen need to know
how he does it
he has no trick it's really every great
magic trick consists of three acts the
first day is called the pledge it shows
you something we have to throw the whole
preview but it is a really really good
movie it's a lot of fun it's dark but
it's really really good so that that's a
thing I like here's another thing that I
like this is a funny video apparently
was a drone that was flying over a
Middle Ages reenactment and things went
wrong for the drone when somebody
decided to go Middle Ages it to go
Middle Ages on its ass so here here it
is so somebody legitimately took a spear
and speared the drone out of the sky so
there it is and if you're missing it is
it's pretty funny it's pretty funny and
everybody seems pretty ok with it so
good times all right a couple of things
now now a couple of things that I hate
first of all Hillary Clinton is the
least entertaining human being on planet
earth Hillary has now done an impression
of Donald Trump I don't do a good
impression of Donald Trump and I don't
really attempt to do one because I know
my impression of Donald Trump is
terrible Hillary Clinton's impression of
Donald Trump is legitimately the worst
impression of anyone I have ever heard
here's Hillary Clinton again I know
where she gets these outfits but this is
business again in her baskin-robbins
pink outfit and trying to do an
impression of Donald Trump so what is
your plan to create jobs his answer is
I'm going to create them they're going
to be great
I
do it but I'm not telling you what it is
I'm going to do now I'm going to say
here's what we're gonna do here's we're
gonna do here's we're in change of text
out here I'll tell we're getting sent
advice people do it now some people
might say oh you know all anybody wants
to hear is just I'm gonna do it but I'm
not telling you what I'm gonna do
see I don't believe that maybe in the
preliminaries like the Republican
primary that's all they wanted to hear
but Americans take their vote for
president serious okay so a couple of
things about this are ridiculous first
of all that's not even close to Trump I
mean come on
how can you do that without using the
word huge at the very least or frankly
or I can tell you I mean there are there
few giveaways beyond that the idea that
she's gonna defeat Trump by talking
policy is just beyond ridiculous look at
the Republican primaries no she's not
gonna defeat Trump by talking policy
okay final thing that I that I hate
today Donald Trump was asked about
meeting with kim jeong-hoon you know
like the dictator of north korea the
evil dictator of north korea here was
his answer we have tremendous power over
China China can solve that problem with
one meeting or one phone call because
they have tremendous power over North
Korea I know that so does China by the
way the one okay so this he says that he
would talk with Kim Jong the hood now
the reason this annoys me is not just
because you shouldn't talk with
dictators without anything to say to the
dictator the reason that annoys me is
because Barack Obama basically said the
same thing in 2007 excuse me in 2008 and
Republicans looked at it and they went
nuts they said what are you talking
about are you out of your mind he said
the same thing about Iran we have to
talk with them right and Republicans
said that's crazy why would you do that
the minute that the guy turns into a an
overweight buffoon reality TV star then
it's okay
then he can say all these things you
wonder though the left has been claiming
for years the Republicans are racist and
that's the only reason they oppose Obama
I have been saying in return no that's
not true the reason we oppose Obama is
because his policies suck and because
they're terrible and because he's awful
in every conceivable way the problem is
this if you say that you opposed Obama
because of policy then embraced the
exact same policies when they come from
you're a guy it's hard for
you argue that it's not some nefarious
alternate ulterior motive that's driving
you to oppose Obama
it's a slander on conservatism okay so
that's where we are you know Donald
Trump I'm sure will be back for more
news tomorrow but remember that the
collapse is happening on all sides it
isn't it isn't quite as bright a world
as the Democrats like to think it's not
that one side is collapsing and the
other side is doing just fine we are all
collapsing toward Venezuela we're all
moving down the road toward Venezuela
because people apparently want a
strongman and they want a bigger
government as so long and though as
those two things are true so long as
they throw over God and family in favor
of a bigger government that allows them
to put their genitalia where they want
and gives them basic goods and services
until the money runs out as it is in
Venezuela as long as that's what people
want they're going to end up with bad
leadership across the board in the end
it's not about Trump it's not about
Hillary it's not about Sanders it's
about us
we need to do a better job educating our
children we need to do a better job
stopping the propaganda of the left that
has infused every element of our
national life I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show
