so I I have a movie story that's kind of
funny which is that when I was a when I
was like 21 or 22 I stood in line for 12
hours to shake hands with Bill Clinton
the former president the United States
and he had been my president you know
and I was coming of age and he had this
book out and I lived in LA and I was
poor I had nothing to do and one of my
pal said if we standing out in line for
12 hours to meet Bill Clinton and he
signs our book that crap goes like $500
on eBay and so we stood in the line to
get our book sign I still have mine by
the way
I'm very long ago if you were talking
about eBay so it's me and my pal who
will remain nameless
because he actually has a career
probably doesn't gonna be associated
with this we stand in line and we're
thinking what are we gonna say to the
president when we meet him and I wanted
to make a joke about how long his book
was and I wanted to compare it to that
book that we would all save in the
apocalypse and so I was going to say you
know the good book isn't much longer mr.
president you know but when I got up
there and I looked into this piercing
Bill Clinton eyes you know and I was
shaking hands with Bill Clinton I said
this goods good Lord books not much
longer which president actually looked
at me like we were gonna have a fist
fight he was like I don't know what you
just said my pal comes up behind me and
tries to salvage the moment his question
was going to be I understand you are a
movie buff mr. president what is your
favorite movie and what comes out of his
mouth when he glances at the president
is sowhich favorite movie movie buff
which Secret Service puts a hand on his
shoulder but you do loss and Bill
Clinton calls out after us as we're
being asked order from the premises it
says High Noon I tell you why in the
book with a cigar great film whether
you're left or right
