the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology often known as MIT reportedly
hosted a lecture this week entitled is
Islamophobia accelerating global warming
I am NOT making this up the talk was to
be given by gossin haji future
generation professor of anthropology and
social theory at Melbourne University
I'm not making that up either
now you may laugh or mock or scorn or
howl like in a hysterical hi Dino while
rolling on the floor gripping your
stomach and screaming gas and Hadji what
kind of a stupid sounding name is that
then you may roll over onto your stomach
and pound the carpet with your fists
unable to control your boundless mirth
while reflecting the tuition at MIT is
$45,000 a year and that doesn't even
include the 13 grand for room and board
plus books so some poor schnook of a dad
in Kansas is looking at shelling out 60
big ones a year or nearly a quarter
million dollars overall to have his kid
listen to a guy named Gus and Haji talk
about Islamophobia and global warming
but let's get serious for a minute and
see what Goss and Hadji housands asaji I
mean has to say according to Professor
Ghazi hua ji the talk quote examines the
relation between Islamophobia as the
dominant form of racism today and the
ecological crisis and I think as adults
we can all stop laughing and grabbing
our crotches while making grotesque
pseudo sexual gestures with our hips
long enough to study this issue
carefully after all Islamophobia and the
ecological crisis have many things in
common for one thing they're both
imaginary constructs meant to scam
gullible buffoons into exchanging the
successful values and practices of
Western culture for the violent and
bigoted stupidity of overweening slave
states and for another thing they both
contain the letter I Professor Hadji
Ghazi goes on to propose that
Islamophobia and the ecological crisis
quote and I'm not making this quote up
are both emanating from a similar mode
of being or enmeshment in the world what
is referred to as generalized
domesticate domestication unquote for
those of you who don't speak blithering
obfuscation this essentially means that
a phobia which is defined as an
irrational fear of islamics who are
defined as screaming madmen with
ridiculous beards causes the ecology
which is defined as your surroundings to
go into crisis which is
find as a suicide bomb blowing your head
into the train station waiting room
while your arms and legs go sailing out
into the street now many of you who are
conservative or stodgy may find
professor hua ji gaji dodgy but in fact
according to his CV he's held many
visiting positions such as his mother's
couch a post at Harvard or in the
Starbucks
right near Harvard and of course taking
money from boneheads to give absurd
talks on nonsense subjects so on
consideration I think anyone with
respectful and serious approach toward
higher education can safely say $60,000
a year in a pig's eye trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show professional operation or
not oh sorry
just wondering all right
that is a real story that was a genuine
speech that this guy gave and that is
godson Hajis he sounds like a terrorist
I want to talk about how my suicide bomb
is going to affect the global warming
when I blow you all up all right so here
we are again it is nighttime tip for us
to ask you to subscribe and subscribe
even you know if you subscribe you can
watch the show but even if you can't
watch because I listen to podcast in the
car because I'm in LA I spend most of my
life in my car and that's where I listen
to the podcast but even if you can't
watch it supports us and it gives you a
chance to get in the mailbag because
today is our first mailbag yeah yeah
we're gonna answer some of your
questions towards the end of the show in
the first-ever mailbag and we're gonna
talk about the primaries last night but
first there is this other thing I have
to bring up I've been wanting to bring
this up all week this thing about
Facebook have you heard this at Facebook
is has been censoring conservative
opinion what they do is they go I'll
read it Gizmodo had the stories as
Facebook workers routinely suppress news
stories of interest to conservative
readers from the social networks
influential trending news section
according to a former journalist who
worked on the project this individual
says that workers prevented stories
about the right-wing CPAC gathering Mitt
Romney Rand Paul and other conservative
topics from appearing in the highly
influential section even though they
were organically trending among the
site's users several former Facebook
News curators as they were known
internally also told Gizmodo that they
were instructed to artificially inject
selected stories into the trending news
module even if they weren't popular
enough to warrant inclusion or in some
cases weren't trending at all the former
curators all of whom worked as
contractors also said they were directed
not to include news about Facebook
itself in the trending module which well
let's let's just play Facebook has
denied this and they read their
statement on the five just play the
Facebook answer to this we take
allegations of bias very seriously
Facebook is a platform for people in
perspectives from across the political
spectrum there are rigorous guidelines
in place for the review team to ensure
consistency and neutrality these
guidelines do not permit the suppression
of political perspectives no let me just
respond to that they're lying there they
are aligned Facebook does this Facebook
definitely suppresses conservative
thought and they can suppress rational
conservative thought they have done it
here to us at the Daily wire we had a
page that went up that had the way the
way they work is they basically say that
your thought itself transgresses the
boundaries of decency so if you come out
and you say you know I think there are
problems with the Islamic religion they
say well that doesn't live up to our
standards or especially if you make a
joke about it and it especially if the
joke is funny and true you are very
likely to get banned this has been a
problem for my pal Steve Crowder
he's absolutely furious about it and he
says they've been kind of jerking him
around on their billing as well he put
out a story he put out a statement that
says he's one of them he's got one of
the most popular conservative podcasts
on the air I mean this is this is hard
for us to believe because we know Steve
but you know he's really funny and he
does a great podcast and he said this is
the Gizmodo dot-com story coincides with
and now potentially provides an
explanation for Facebook's mismanagement
of payments made to Facebook by mr.
Crowder and its
woefully biased and unprofessional
treatment of his accounts during an
ongoing billing dispute so they've
really been jerking him around Greg
Gutfeld I thought had the best reaction
on the five he heard about this this is
his response why they're doing it
the reason why they don't want it there
is because it always wins
wherever restrictions are removed
conservative thought takes over if you
think about that if you think about talk
radio in 1987 when all of a sudden that
those restrictions were gone rush
limbaugh took over when the internet
became a thing what was the biggest site
Drudge Report Cable News CNN for a
little while then all of a sudden boom
fox news comes in becomes number one
where ever restrictions are pulled
conservative thought takes over because
it thought and this is why by the way
the seizing of our culture by the left
is our fault if we fought back if we
fought that fearlessly if we didn't
worry about what the New York Times
think listen to the way the New York
Times covers this story okay then the
New York Times a former newspaper who
actually has editors go on television
with their faces hanging out and say
that they cover the news equally they
cover the news without bias they really
do believe this or at least they have
hypnotized themselves into believing it
this is their headline conservatives
accuse Facebook of political bias this
is the New York Times they couldn't go
out and check it out they couldn't run
it couldn't think they got five hundred
reporters they had parachute into Sarah
Palin's underwear drawer to see you know
what she was up to but they can't go and
check out a story about the biggest
online social media and whether it is
screwing one side of the political
conversation is this thing about cuz
this is so typical if Hillary Clinton
went out and knifed a baby to death on
the street just so that's a nice baby I
think just that if that if Hillary
Clinton did that the headline in the New
York Times would be conservatives seized
on Clinton murder to promote their
values that's what it would be because
they know what their readers they're six
readers are thinking what they're six
readers are thinking would be those
conservatives you know this is terrible
there they always do this they always
play off our mistakes and use them so
that's their headline conservatives
accuse Facebook of political bias
their head there's lead is Facebook
scrambled on Monday to respond to a new
and startling line of attack accusations
of political bias if there was a
conservative in America who was startled
by this line of attack I don't know who
it was what you know well you know why
you don't like that lively I use my
computer every day and I put the coal in
it and pump it up and I've never seen
any kind of boils but well you'd have to
be goofy not to say that this is going
on you know the way the way this works
by the way on Twitter these these
alt-right guys who were threatening to
throw Jews into the gas chamber they're
not censored at all because they don't
mind when right-wingers sound obscene
and horrible you know I was on NPR once
NPR is this far far left-wing station
they don't know they are they don't
think they are but they are and whenever
you hear a conservative on NPR
he has a southern accent and really bad
grammar so they'll say you know
conservative expert Nismo ha I yes I'm a
conservative yes I am and I believe and
you know you if you have a if you have
an abortion you know you are going to
hell although you know that's the
conservative the hub on NPR one day by
mistake they had me on and they had me
on to debate Dick Cavett the old
talk-show host who is a reliable
intellectual sounding liberal and I can
say without fear of bias whatsoever
I took Cavett apart I mean I just
dismantled the guy you can google this I
can't remember the name of the host
unfortunately but it is online somewhere
you can google it
I took Cavett apart I mean just dis
dissected him by the end of it he was
saying there should be no free speech in
America and free speech was a mistake
even the host was going dick are you
abandoning democracy you know I mean
that was the the thing afterwards the
producer called me up and said what did
you think of the show and I said I
thought you you'll never have me back on
and he said no we loved you we're gonna
call you all the time I said no you'll
never have me back on because I took
your guy apart and I sound like a
reasonable person and I have a good
education and I speak well and you'll
never have a conservative like that ya
know we're gonna call you all the time
I've never heard this is like three
years ago at least I mean I never heard
from them again and that's how they do
it that's how they edit out conservative
opinion you know they don't they don't
just have to
I wants you they just find the dumbest
conservative they can find to represent
your ideas all right primaries Hillary
Clinton win this thing you see the post
you have the post covered look at this
but stop the coronation Bernie Sanders
beats her cleaned their clock basically
in West Virginia and he isn't giving up
plays Sanders victory speech we are
going to fight for every last vote in
Oregon Kentucky California Dakota's
now we fully acknowledge we are good in
arithmetic that we have an uphill climb
ahead of us but we are used to fighting
uphill climbs
we have been fighting uphill from the
first day of this campaign when people
considered us a fringe candidacy
consider that a fringe candidate she's
being beaten by the walking dead she's
be open his coffin he can only do his
victory speech at night because they
have to open his coffin because I'm back
and I'm winning and you know I mean West
Virginia is coal country and she made
that stupid statement where she said
we're gonna close all the coal companies
down and put all the coal miners out of
work and you know some of the presented
that who knows you know but they're
voting for
ferb Sanders who's gonna do exactly the
same thing I mean isn't it he's no
friend of the coal industry here is a
new poll Quinnipiac University swing
state poll this is from USA Today
reported in USA Today released Tuesday
has Clinton up a single point in both
Florida and Pennsylvania against Donald
Trump
okay Trump leads Clinton in Ohio these
are the these are the big swing states
these are the states that decide we
could just let them vote because they're
the ones who decide the election Ohio
Pennsylvania Florida she is clinging
clinging to a 1% lead which given the
margin error is no lead here's the guy
from Quinnipiac he says six months from
Election Day the presidential races
between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
in the three most crucial states Florida
Ohio and Pennsylvania are too close to
call and Democratic candidate Bernie
Sanders has narrow leads over Trump in
all three pivotal states you know that
well even even Joe Biden is still
keeping his finger in you know he was on
I can't remember what this is it knows
ABC and he listened to him he's still
thinking about oh yeah I think he has
been underestimated from the beginning
but I also think that it's really very
verily but I think what's going to
happen here is that the constant
HAC coming from Republican side the sort
of vitriol that's pointed out I don't
think it's going to wear well over the
next several months so I feel confident
that Hillary will be the nominee and I
feel confident should be the next
president no regrets I know that before
you said that you didn't run but you
knew there was a right decision for your
it's a family milk guy I had planned on
running it's an awful thing to say I
think I would have been the best
president but it was the right thing not
just my family for me I no one should
ever seek the presidency unless they're
able to devote their whole heart and
soul and passion into just doing that
and Beau was my soul I just wasn't ready
to be able to do that so you know beau
is his son died of cancer which
obviously transcends all politics and so
now Biden is heading up Obama's
bipartisan fight against cancer but that
sounded to me like he's sort of waiting
in the wings I mean he is waiting in the
wings you know and and other candidates
are getting in we have we have like one
new candidate who's who's offering his
services good evening i Doris and I am
here to announce my candidacy or
President of the United States now to
answer the question that you're
undoubtedly thinking yes I am a vampire
but this is the 21st century we are a
vast diverse nation and there's no
reason that the walking Undead should be
excluded from our political conversation
there are many challenges facing us in
this dangerous world and I look forward
to explaining to you my platform and my
goals for this nation over the next few
days it's time that we ask ourselves
should the United
States be led by an evil blood sucking
creature of the night or by a vampire
it's a perfectly reasonable question
lord I may go with Lord or third
Arthur's he may be my guy you know it's
funny last night I was out at a
gathering with a bunch of Hollywood
political types you know people who are
in mostly in show business or around
show business but are interested in
politics and we're all sort of you know
obviously conservative we're all sort of
talking over things and the funny thing
is is when most people who know politics
and observe politics and are in the
business of predicting what's gonna
happen and commenting on it they go with
the obvious thing they think that you
know there was a there was a headline
when Trump won the nomination or
essentially won the nomination that said
man who is ahead in polls for 10 months
wins you know that's because that's what
usually happens in politics but because
these people are from Hollywood and
because they're all storytellers they
always think like the most extraordinary
thing is going to happen so a
conversation with Hollywood political
people sounds like people going like I
think what's gonna happen is Bernie
Sanders is gonna take Hillary hostage
and after a running gun battle with the
police you know maybe an ally in the
land or something and take over Joe
Biden's body and then and the thing is
more and more sounds like that is
exactly what's gonna make it makes
perfect sense you know and I just think
this is such a black swan election it is
so different than everything everybody's
commentary you can sort of see how it
might just go another way and all of us
all of the people sitting around this
table because they're all storytellers
feel and I'm included in this we all
feel there's a beat missing from this
story you know I mean the the drama has
been insane you know Trump and the
Hillary and the investor the FBI
investigation and crazy Bernie as Trump
now accurately calls him crazy Bernie is
you know still still in this race and
Antonin Scalia dying so that suddenly
the Supreme Court became this huge huge
deal I mean it was anyway but suddenly
we can see that we've lost that the
citing conservative vote on the court
and so it's just and it feels like
there's one more you know if life
imitates Hollywood as it so often does
if life imitates storytelling it feels
like there's one more big thing coming
and I can't
none of us you know it the most obvious
one would be an indictment the most
obvious one would be Hillary be getting
indicted but the way she's coughing all
the time she could fall over you know
anything and and Trump who knows the
guy's such a loose cannon he could do
anything so more more to come it's it is
not over and the one good thing that I
see about Trump's nomination and the
fact that the Republican primaries are
essentially over is that now even
through the gloating about how divided
Republicans are even the left is gonna
have to see what a terrible terrible
candidate they are putting forward all
right we're gonna try the mailbag this
is it yeah it's a big it's our
experiment so make your questions good
because if they're not we're coming to
we actually will come to your house and
they'll be you know repercussions all
right our first our first question is
from Mark and the question is and I get
this quick I want it to answer this
question because I get it all the time I
get this letter I don't know you know I
won't say once a week but frequently how
do I fight feminism I am single and feel
like the only way to not to be is to
just turn over the keys to everything I
assume he means to women just let women
control everything and the reason I get
asked this question is because I've now
lived through the three waves of
feminism and I haven't changed one bit
I'm still I'm still an open sexist I am
when I say sexist I mean I believe very
deeply that men and women are different
that they have different functions and
societies the different capabilities and
desires and needs you know so I cling to
that I cling to my idea that a man
should be a gentleman and treat women as
ladies whether they are ladies or not I
think you should treat them in the hope
that they are ladies you know I've
maintained all that and I've maintained
a certain kind of in relationships I
sort of feel the most the healthiest
relationships I've ever seen a man is a
strong presence if not the leader of the
family I think basically I be more open
about it I think the men should be a
leader in his family so I've maintained
all my opinions throughout all this and
and openly expressed them and
there's nothing sticking out of my neck
yet that I heard I know so I'm still
here so that's why I think I get asked
this question and I will tell you there
are three three simple rules one you
have to have courage and this is I think
beyond beyond all these questions about
dealing with the left people want to say
what they're really asking is how can I
fight feminism without getting hurt
can't be a man be a man
have courage stand for what you stand
for know what you believe stand for it
express it say it openly say it to
whoever asks you don't ever lie about it
that's you know that's just one one
basic rule of life the other is don't
react you know don't be a reactionary if
most women are I mean women are terrific
people they're much nicer than men most
of the time some of the best people I
know and my favorite people are women
you know it's like you're you're
reacting to somebody on a television
screen that you don't know screaming
things at you if that's what you're
reacting to some but some broad on
YouTube you know who can't keep her
mouth shut why are you reacting to that
if you're going out with a woman like
that stop going out with her you know I
mean if you have a woman like that at
work deal with her and deal with her but
don't react to her don't become don't
begin begin to think like Oh women are
terrible you know don't don't do the
David Mamet thing that he used to do in
his old plays where the women were all
these conniving bitches and hating
people and all that you know don't do it
and the third thing is know thyself know
what you want you know and because there
are two there are two realms of dealing
with feminists one is the professional
and one is the personal in the
professional realm you gentlemen be a
professional you know I have worked with
women and I've worked for women and just
like men's some of them are good at what
they do some of them are bad at what
they do you react to them according to
their work when you are doing work it's
all about the work don't make it
personal ever you know that's that's
perfectly good rule but in relationships
what I see young guys doing is I see
young guys giving the store away you
know like their girlfriend will go off
and some rap about equality and they'll
agree with her
you know I think a man and woman a
relationship should be equal and then
you're stuck in that relationship and
both of you are gonna be unhappy so
don't do it know what you want know what
your relationship looks like know what
the good relationship in your future
looks like and ask for it you know if
she doesn't want to give it to you move
on move on dude
oh so courage don't be a reactionary and
know thyself and just you know don't
just don't be afraid don't be afraid
what are they gonna do t what are they
gonna do you know it's like it's just
it's just life you know it's just the
world
alright so that's my answer because I
really do think I see guys selling their
selling their lives away basically to
get into bed with somebody and there's
always somebody else to get into bed
with and that's not a good reason to
sell it away your principles alright
second question named Dane Dane question
hey Andrew I'm a huge fan of the podcast
and of yours and Benz I have a question
comment you said that there is no true
freedom without religion now I consider
myself to be a true-blue constitutional
conservative I was a huge Cruz supporter
I have always believed in knowing right
and wrong respecting law enforcement in
the law but I used to be an atheist now
I'm more open and I'm leaning towards
agnosticism my question is do you think
that one actually needs to have religion
or a belief in God to be a good person
to know right from wrong to have a moral
compass and or to believe in justice
I've been in a few debates over this and
I was hoping to hear your opinion thanks
Andrew and keep on keepin on easy answer
of course of course you don't have to
believe in God to be a good person I
know plenty of atheists who are
absolutely wonderful people I know
plenty of atheist who know right from
wrong
plenty I know plenty of you know they're
bad religious people they're good
religious people you only have to
believe in God if you want your opinions
to make sense that's the only thing
that's the only difference
if you want to believe in apps in right
and wrong that there was a reason why we
do things a certain way and not another
way you have to believe in God if you
want that opinion to make sense the only
honest atheist I have ever read is the
Marquis de Sade and he was what he was
the one he's little guy they named
sadism after and he basically said if
there's no God then nature is the king
follow your nature which means the
powerful should lord it over the weak
you should take pleasure from people
even if they don't want to give it to
you you should hurt people if that's
what gives you pleasure why not that
makes perfect sense to me there's no
argument against that unless there is an
absolute good and an absolute good can't
just be some like Platonic ideal
floating up in heaven it has to be a
living consciousness because good is a
conscious thing a hurricane may kill
people but it's not bad you know I mean
that
you have to to be bad you have to make a
decision to be bad the ultimate good has
to be a consciousness that decides I
will be good I will do the good good
thing and that's God so listen you can
be a great person I know plenty of great
people finding of great atheist but none
of them makes sense when they talk about
their ideals and why they believe what
they believe if you are an atheist you
should be a relativist you should
believe that a Muslim blowing up people
or treating women badly in Saudi Arabia
is just as good as a gentleman treating
women with respect in America and not
blowing up people for their opinions
because there's no God to say which is
which so that's my answer my answer is
yeah you can be a wonderful person you
just can't be a wonderful person and
make sense of what your your talking
about all right then Oh No maybe it's a
different Benetton is has there been an
artistic movement that embraces
conservative values there have been so
many art movements that are
overwhelmingly liberal I find it
difficult to believe there would be any
room for conservative artwork Wow that's
first of all that's a great question
because this is one of the things that I
hear from conservatives all the time I
hear that the culture has been taken
over that there are no good conservative
works I want you to think about this for
a minute first of all most artistic
movements are your right radical most
artistic movements our culture critical
artistic traditional critical they
usually come about when there's been
some already been some major shift in
the culture and then they prasada shift
of the culture that is coming so they
usually are I won't say liberal or left
this I would just say radical in some
way they can't be radically conservative
but they're often not they're often
right however however art is created by
individuals and conservatives are very
big on individualism conservatives don't
do movements you know that's one of the
problems with the conservative movement
it's like herding cats conservatives
don't do movements so it's individuals
who who make art and there's plenty of
conservative art around let me let me
just consider this for a minute because
you know I write and I write screenplays
and I write novels David Mamet probably
the most important playwright in America
a conservative he came out a couple
years ago maybe ten years ago as a
conservative
Tom Stoppard the greatest living
playwright and from my opinion one of
the greatest living writers in Britain
he came out as a Thatcher conservative
and he was blacklisted for it he was
very badly attacked for it
Cormac McCarthy he has never come out
because he wants to win them a Nobel
Prize he's not but if that guy's not a
conservative I will eat my shoes that
guy is a conservative I mean just read
you know No Country for Old Men I mean
that's basically what he's saying you
know this is no country for old men
because old men have values and as the
guy says in the book and in the movie he
says the minute somebody dies his hair
purple everything is and stop saying sir
and ma'am everything falls apart that's
what he said Christopher Nolan no
question about it those three Dark
Knight movies are the most conservative
movies ever made biggest director I mean
at least one of the biggest directors
out there conservative Clint Eastwood of
course has been around forever kind of a
libertarian there's stuff we need
there's stuff artists I think
conservative artists need we need an
infrastructure we need awards we need
review venues we need support we need
open support we need people we need a
Fox News on the intellectual side you
know we need it but all of all of our
venues Fox News New York Post tend to
play the populist opinion and we need
intellectual venues that actually deal
with the arts that give awards the
artists that uplift artists to talk
about artists that for their values as
well as their art and what we don't need
is we don't need conservative preaching
we don't need religious preaching we
just need good good art so there's
plenty of good art it just tends to be
made by individuals fighting against the
current and when all those bad leftist
movies are gone you'll still be watching
The Dark Knight because it's better than
other things all right that's our first
mailbag how do we do stuff I like I've
been talking about bestsellers that are
also good books which is just too rare
it is too rare more nonfiction than
fiction and I've noticed that all my
choices today talking about feminism are
all all my choices this week have been
written by women the first two are
almost kind of women's novels except
they're so good that they elevate
themselves to being you know novels for
everybody which is great and this I
would say is more of a boys book than a
girls book but it was written by Lauren
Hildebrand who is an excellent writer
and it is this book unbroken if you have
seen the movie
of unbroken put it out of your mind and
read the book the movie by Angelina
Jolie it's just not any good you know
it's just it you know just flat somehow
and it doesn't deal I mean Jesus is like
the hero of this book but it's like he's
like Captain America he's like wearing
that cape but by the time he shows up in
this book this is a book of a guy who
was an Olympic runner I think he
actually shook hands with Hitler at the
Jesse Owens Olympics he then was
captured by the Japanese and endured
terrible torture and one of the things I
love about this book is I don't want to
sit and read you know hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of
pages of torture but she chooses just
enough to let you know what this guy
went through to tell you the story as it
was the story about him in in the boat
before he was rescued on be leave above
one of the most exciting adventures
real-life adventures I have ever read
and the resolution of this story is
heartbreaking it is just I mean
heartbreaking in a good way I mean just
uplifting heartbreaking it'll destroy a
great book unbroken if you saw the movie
forget it read the book alright one more
day you know I don't talk about the clay
ville this weekend anymore because I
feel like we're just going into the
cleave endless world at this become so
dark and difficult it just feels clayvin
'less all the time but it's not Clavin
les here on the Andrew Clavin show so
come back again tomorrow
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show
