police and it is literally a threat to
life and limb to go out there I thought
that I've been told that they can't
personally guarantee my security or any
of your securities
that's why do you go out there right now
well not with me I don't want to see
anybody get hurt or killed out there
it's only not good guys so if that's the
case here's what's gonna happen
I actually have to take a secret way out
seriously the police escort is America
2016 it's fun unbelievable
okay and and then the Association by the
cops is the assumption by the police
officers is that these crowds will
eventually disperse and you'll have a
safe way out I've been told that if you
try to get out right now you could be in
a situation where you walk up behind
people they refuse to let you out
they'll stop at any active/active
battery up on you they'll stop people
from punching you or develop they'll act
after someone has a bunch of you more
likely because they can't see the future
but you know but they can't guarantee if
you go out right now you're actually
going to be safe so I mean for folks who
are watching this online of people who
know what's going on nationally this is
America now this is America now okay and
this is not a matter of cowardice we're
not stepping into a model with 300 angry
people out there the coward is at this
administration that allows this garbage
and evil to go on right here on
all across the country who believes in
free speech who believes in free
assembly who leads in the Constitution
of the United States Liberty I'm calling
on you to look into what's happening out
here watch what's happening out here
recognize that when the students cannot
be guaranteed safety on their own campus
from people far outside whipping a mob
into a frenzy over basic principles of
free speech it's time to stand up it's
time to fight it's time to become part
of a movement enough is enough
stand up stand up we all stand together
the Constitution the United States for
liberty for freedom be safe out there
and my personal email address in case
you want to get in touch with me any of
you in the store the Internet to my
personal email addresses beef Shapiro at
Daily wire calm if you need help if you
need coverage we need media coverage
we're going to organize a movement
because this cannot stand is bullshit do
not stand
