President Barack Obama went looking for
his identity as a black man in his youth
as president of the United States he
found it the way he found it was by
polarizing America along racial lines
between black and white after turning
what could have been a unifying
presidency for the country into a wedge
with which to divide black and hispanic
americans from whites president obama
reaped his reward on Saturday night when
alleged at comedian Larry Wilmore called
Obama his n-word Wilmore hosting the
White House Correspondents Dinner
explained that throughout the Obama
administration he didn't care about
Obama's policies he only cared about the
color of his skin what he said was quote
mr. president all jokes aside let me
just say how much it means for me to be
here tonight
I've always joked I voted for the
president because he's black people say
do you agree with his policies and I
always said I agree with the policy that
he's black as long as he keeps being
black I'm good they'd say what about
Iraq and I'd say is he's still black but
behind the joke is a humble appreciation
for the historical implications for what
your presidency means yada-yada-yada he
says a black man was not thought by his
mere color not good enough to lead a
football team way back when and now to
live in your time mr. president when a
black man can lead the entire free world
words alone do me no justice so mr.
president if I'm gonna keep it 100% yo
Barry you did it my n-word you did it
now here's the deal normal people would
find this offensive if anybody suggested
that Donald Trump's policies don't
matter because hey he's white then we
would call you a racist because that
would be racist Obama found this whole
routine perfectly acceptable not only
did he laugh his way through it the
White House actually said today Obama
quote appreciated the spirit of mr.
wilmore's expression Saturday night Josh
earnest said quote I'm confident mr.
Wilmore used the word by design he was
seeking to be provocative any reading of
his comments made clear he was not using
the president as the butt of a joke
right that's the point he wasn't he was
offering racial fealty to the president
by calling the president authentically
black in the leftist parlance which
means using the n-word and Obama just
sat there and lapped it up is it any
wonder that Obama did given the fact
that in dreams from my father he talked
about his racial ambivalence his longing
for acceptance his attempts to find a
place in the black world in the
introduction to that book Obama wrote
quote when people who don't know me well
black or white discover my background
and it is usually a discovery for I
cease to advertise my mother's race at
the age of 12 or 13 when I began to
suspect that by doing so I was
ingratiating myself to white I see the
split-second adjustments laughter might
the tell-tale searching of my eyes for
some sign Obama found acceptance in the
end by engaging in activism in community
organizing black communities he's
extended that to the presidency where
he's legitimated black criminals like
Michael Brown and justified riots in
Ferguson and Baltimore and sticked his
DOJ on non racist police departments and
now he's finally earned the greatest
prize he is larry wilmore's n-word so it
was all worth it apparently maybe for
him but not for the Americans who rely
on the President to look beyond racial
solidarity to govern to those Americans
Obama couldn't be more of a
disappointment I'm Ben Shapiro this is
the Ben Shapiro show to demonize people
so here we are and it is the day of the
Armageddon it is upon us I think that
Ted Cruz is gonna get schlonged as
president as president Trump as Donald
Trump would put it it's going to get
ugly for Ted Cruz and Donald Trump will
now likely be the nominee and so here is
a quick preview of the show tomorrow
this is just a quick preview of what the
show is going to be like tomorrow clip 1
this is just what it's gonna look like
tomorrow morning finally really did it
yo
yes that's pretty much it right there
that's that's that's pretty much how the
show is gonna go tomorrow so I hope it
just prepare yourselves if you think
we've been bleak so far oh there's a
whole nother level to that down
escalator I mean we are just gonna go
almost to the bottom because Donald
Trump's a disaster for people who don't
think that Donald Trump's a disaster
today was another each yeah I have to
say okay so in Deuteronomy
it says in Deuteronomy 28 67 it says
that each morning you're gonna you're
gonna think I wish it were last night
and each night you're gonna wish it were
the morning that's how bad things are
gonna be should you break your covenant
with God that is the Trump covenant okay
we go to sleep thinking the Trump
campaign can't go any lower and then we
wake up the next morning and we go oh
boy remember when the Trump campaign was
so elevated last night you remember that
well today Trump issued his latest
botched partial birth abortion of a
thought and it was and it was they he
was very upset because Ted Cruz's dad
Rafael and he's a preacher and so he
breeches so he goes out there and he
says that if you want to vote right you
vote as God would want you to vote and
that means voting for Cruz and not like
Trump okay fine needs a preacher this is
what he does here is Donald Trump's
response to that I implore I exhort
every member of the body of Christ to
vote according to the Word of God and
vote for the candidate that stands on
the Word of God and on the Constitution
of the United States of America and I am
convinced that - my son Ted Cruz the
alternative could be the destruction of
America does that resonate with the
folks there in Indiana I think it's a
disgrace that he's allowed to do it I
think it's a disgrace that he's allowed
to say it
you know I'm backed by your by you look
at Jerry Falwell Jr and you look at so
many of the ministers that are back in
me and they're backing me more so than
they're back in their Cruz and I'm
winning the evangelical vote and it's
disgraceful that his father can go out
and do that and just and so many people
are angry about it and
evangelicals are angry about the way he
does bad okay so this is bad enough what
he's already said right what he said
already is it's a disgrace that he's
allowed to do it allowed this is called
America you're allowed to say whatever
you want this is why Donald Trump can
let stupid crap fall out of his face all
the time like everyday stupid crap falls
out of it because you're allowed to let
stupid crap fall out of your face this
is America it's okay you're allowed but
that's too Trump is he doesn't like the
people are allowed to criticize him and
so he's upset with that but then Trump
really goes for it then Trump finally
decides you know what I've been acting
presidential this whole time I'm really
just gonna let it fly let's just do this
thing so here he goes you know the whole
thing is ridiculous what what is this
right prior to his being shot and nobody
even brings it up I mean they don't even
talk about that that was reported and
nobody talks about it but I think it's
horrible right there was a picture out
there that reportedly shows Rafael Cruz
standing with Lee Harvey Oswald there
are zero pieces of evidence at all that
link Rafael Cruz Ted Cruz's father with
the murder of John F Kennedy and
friendship with Lee Harvey Oswald there
are zero pieces of evidence to this
effect but the Trumpkin are all okay
with this I mean this originally started
as you guessed it a story in the
National Enquirer thoroughly debunked no
evidence to support it whatsoever but
Trump is a conspiracy theorist and this
is the part of Trump that's actually
frightening so most of what Trump says
is not frightening it's just stupid
there's a difference between frightening
and stupid this is the part of Trump
that actually frightens me a little bit
and this is the part of his supporters
that that frightens me too so first here
is Ted Cruz responding to all of that
this clip 23 here's Ted Cruz finally
deciding you know what F it to life I'm
here already let's just do it let's just
go whole hog and so he finally takes off
the gloves after months of playing patsy
with trump but she played too
enthusiastically for my tastes and now
you know after months of kind of half
hitting Trump finally Cruz decides to
just only
the beast and here's what it sounds like
I'm gonna do something I haven't done
for the entire campaign for those of you
all who have traveled with me all across
the country I'm going to tell you what I
really think of Donald Trump this man is
a pathological liar he doesn't know the
difference between truth and lies he
lies practically every word that comes
out of his mouth and in a pattern that I
think is straight out of a psychology
textbook his response is to accuse
everybody else of lying he accuses
everybody on that debate stage of lying
and it's simply a mindless yell whatever
he does he accuses everyone else I'm
doing the man cannot tell the truth but
he combines it with being a narcissist a
narcissist at a level I don't think this
country has ever seen and this of course
is perfectly true everything he's saying
right there is perfectly true but it
doesn't matter and the point is that it
really it really doesn't matter because
in the end the people that Trump is
catering to the reason he can't write
out all these conspiracy theories is
because the people he's catering to like
the conspiracy theories well which I'll
explain in a minute first a quick
history lesson on Donald Trump's
conspiracy theory so first you have the
conspiracy theory that Ted Cruz's father
was somehow involved with the
assassination of JFK or blew up the
Hindenburg or killed Jimmy Hoffa or some
men if you go back a few debates you
remember Donald Trump's conspiracy
theories with regard to Iraq to here's
what he had to say about ROK
obviously it was a mistake so George
Bush made a mistake we can make mistakes
but that one was a beauty we should have
never been in Iraq we have destabilized
the Middle East right so you so I'm
gonna see so you still think he should
be in pink it's my turn and you do
whatever you want you call it whatever
you want I want to tell you they lied
okay said there were weapons of mass
destruction their war done and they knew
there were none there were no weapons of
mass okay
okay so there is Donald Trump trotting
out the old code pink dailykos
conspiracy theory the Bush
administration just wanted war for oil
no blood for oil
so there's conspiracy theory number one
then there is the conspiracy theory as
you remember just a couple of months ago
Justice Scalia passed away and Donald
Trump appeared on Michael savages radio
show Michael Savage is an unhinged kook
and and so he proposed immediately to
Donald Trump that Justice Scalia had
been murdered and here is Donald Trump
giving credence to that because that's
what he does
Donal I need to come back to the topic
we've been all screaming about here
which is Scalia was he murdered I know
it's pretty brutal to say that and I'm
not I'm not wanting to drag you into
this but this is gonna get bigger and
bigger and bigger I went on the air and
said we need the equivalent of a Warren
Commission we need an immediate autopsy
before the body is disposed of what do
you think of that well yes sir today and
then just a little while ago actually
you know I just landed and I'm hearing
it's a big topic that's the question and
it's a horrible topic but they say they
found the pillow on his face which is a
pretty unusual place to find a pillow I
I can't tell you what I can't give you
an answer you know usually I like to
give you answers but I literally just
heard it a little while ago it's just
starting to come out now as you know
Michael okay so there there he is giving
credence to these Scalia was murdered
theory which of course was not true
either then you go back a few years and
there was Donald Trump making a big
noise about how Barack Obama wasn't born
in the United States he was born in
Kenya which is just asinine was asinine
at the time what I said is there were a
lot of people who believed it because
Obama is a representative representative
of a foreign ideology but that's not the
same thing as him actually being born in
another country and even if he were born
in another country his mother was an
American citizen so wouldn't a mattered
anyway or you'd have a Ted Cruz
situation here's Donald Trump back in
2011 pushing the Obama birther crap
there's a real question about the birth
certificate there's a real question
about the his own his own citizenship
there is no question he's a difficut of
lives were that you are recognized by
know exactly what you're getting at the
fact of some reason note they're not the
facts he doesn't have a birth
certificate or he hasn't provided he's
given a certificate of live birth it's a
much different retention of live birth
meets the standard of knock departure
anyone's it a storage there were
contemporaneous reports in towards life
colliders giving us those are the feds
they've co-opted who's they
it's not obviously Obama and his minions
they have co-opted you a certificate of
live birth is not the same thing by any
source that Trump is totally full of
crap Obama releases his birth
certificate and Trump still by the way
two years after this refuses to
acknowledge that the birth certificate
has been released he still goes on two
years after this to say it's still a
conspiracy because the nice thing about
being a conspiracy theorist is that the
conspiracy can continue to cover up the
conspiracy so there's always more
conspiracy where that came from then of
course there's his 9/11 conspiracy
theorizing this is just a couple of
weeks ago and in all fairness we went
after Iraq they did not knock down the
World Trade Center okay
it wasn't the Iraqis that knocked down
the World Trade Center we went after
Iraq we decimated the country Iran taken
over okay but it wasn't the Iraqis you
will find out who really knocked down
the World Trade Center because they have
papers that there that are very secret
you might find its facilities okay but
you will find out but it wasn't erect
Lee okay so you'll find out who did it
maybe it wasn't the Saudis maybe it was
the Saudis who knows who we know who did
it
it was al-qaeda okay it wasn't exactly
in the Saudi government's interest to
knock down two of our towers wasn't
exactly in their giant interest to do
that turns out but you know there is
there is Donald Trump trotting out
another conspiracy theory about 9/11
then of course is there's his conspiracy
theory about autism and vaccines
vaccines supposedly causing autism
let me explain to people for folks who
are subscribing okay first of all you
should all subscribe to the podcast so
you can see my angry face when we talk
about Trump and you can see my less
angry face when we talk about other
things those are my two variations my
angry face and my less angry face those
are the only two faces in my in my mr.
Potatohead
stash of faces so in any case the Donald
Trump talked about autism and vaccines
there are this many okay for folks who
are watching onto this many pieces of
evidence that autism and vaccines are
linked this is a giant zero there are
zero pieces of evidence that autism and
vaccines are linked only stupid people
think this only
stupid people think this okay the idea
that there is any linkage between autism
and vaccines in fact there is a negative
linkage by some studies if you get an
MMR vaccine you're less likely to have
autism that's just because there's no
link but at all so so bottom line is
that that if you get a shot you don't
get autism because you got a shot okay
yeah idiots okay and all the people who
believe this sort of thing are the
people who are now spreading measles
mumps and rubella third world diseases
in the first world because you don't
believe in basic science nothing about
science deniers this is science denial
so Trump you remember back in September
he trotted out this one and there are
Ben Carson and Rand Paul both medical
doctors on the stage saying nothing
about it because it would be uncouth to
mention that Donald Trump knows less
about medicine than he knows about
anything else which means that he has
negative knowledge about medicine
because he knows nothing about anything
here's Donald Trump on autism and
vaccines autism has become an epidemic
25 years ago 35 years ago you look at
the statistics not even close it has
gotten totally out of control I am
totally in favor of vaccines but I want
smaller doses over a longer period of
time because you take a baby in and I've
seen it and I've seen it and I had my
children taking care of over a long
period of time over two or three year
period of time same exact amount but you
take this little beautiful baby and you
pump I mean it looks just like it's
meant for a horse not for a child and
we've had so many instances people that
work for me just the other day two years
old two and a half years old the child
the beautiful child went to have the
vaccine and came back and a week later
got a tremendous fever got very very
sick now is autistic
I only say it's not I'm in favor of
vaccines do them over a longer period of
time same amount thank you just in in
little section okay so so all of this is
absolute nonsense and then he goes on to
talk about how the friend of his had a
little baby and the little baby ended up
with a fever and then the next thing you
know the kid's autistic Trump's
conspiracy theories no no bounds now
there are a couple of reasons why people
engage in conspiracy theories one is
that if you are simple-minded if you're
if you're stupid if you're a stupid
person you tend to engage in conspiracy
theories because it off
a plausible view of the world it offers
something that offers you a comfortable
view of the world there's a lot of chaos
around you a lot of random events but if
they're all somehow connected then it
all begins to make sense life becomes a
little bit less scary we want what's
expected in life we don't want the
unexpected to happen as the Joker puts
it in Dark Knight if it's all part of
the plan nobody worries about it right
if it's all a big conspiracy nobody
worries about it it's randomness and
chaos that people don't like and so
people invent stories about shadowy
forces beyond their control that are
operating events one by one right
simple-minded people tend to believe
this religious people say that God has a
plan for the universe but simple-minded
conspiracy theorists say that there are
evil human forces that are controlling
all of these all of these things so
that's one reason the other reason is
that it's very comforting to believe in
conspiracy theories if you're somebody
who is is economically downtrodden if
you're somebody who's made bad life
decisions if you're somebody who's poor
or is not succeeding if you're somebody
who's angry then the easiest thing to do
is to blame an external force for that
so President Obama has done this very
well for black Americans right white
privilege white privilege is driving all
of the problems institutional racism the
evils of the American DNA that's why
you're poor that's why you went to jail
that's why so many bad things are
happening to you and people who live
next door to you rights these evil
shadowy conspiracy forces Hillary
Clinton does the same thing going all
the way back to the 90s it wasn't the
Bill Clinton was a sexual pervert it was
that there was a vast right-wing
conspiracy out to get Bill Clinton and
now Hillary doesn't about the patriarchy
there's this evil conspiracy of men
those eve penis ridden humans and
they're out to get all of the people
with the vajayjays and it's just
imperative that we elect Hillary Clinton
and give her all the power in the
universe in order to fight the evil
conspiracy Trump does the same thing he
does the same thing he says to his
people okay you're out of a job I have a
conspiracy theory it involves China
stealing your jobs in raping you right
if you are having an economic hard time
that's not because maybe you need to
broaden your skillset maybe you need to
move out of that downtrodden
manufacturing town in the middle of
nowhere know what's really happening is
that evil Falls's nefarious
globalization is going to take
everything you own and I
stop it this is this is the the tenor of
the entire Trump campaign is one giant
conspiracy theory big shadowy forces out
to get you
I am here oh I alone can solve only I
can solve right this is the entire Trump
campaign and the part about this that's
so cynical of course is that the I alone
can solve part that's the part that's
cynical its conspiracy theories they're
out to get you right is why he hangs out
with Michael Savage and Alex Jones
and a whole group of conspiracy
theorists on the right the false flag
crowd because there is something to be
gained from people who think that you
can solve the conspiracy you need to go
in there and bust up the conspiracy like
Eliot Ness going after Al Capone you go
in there and just bust it loose bust it
up and so that's that's one element the
other element is that Trump actually
believes this stuff Trump actually
believes this stuff so Cory Lewandowski
who is Trump's idiot thug campaign
manager he told the New York Times about
Trump's frequent frequent use of
conspiracy theories on the campaign
trail because as we mentioned as you see
from these clips these are straight from
the comment sections at Infowars and
daily coast I mean pretty soon we're
gonna get to the FEMA camps where Obama
is gonna lock all of you he's gonna put
you all in FEMA camps we'll have Trump
talking about that I'm sure when it
comes to Hillary Clinton we'll get all
the conspiracy theories from Trump as
well okay so here's what Corey
Lewandowski said he said quote the great
part about the Internet is it gives a
forum for people to express their ideas
and when Trump sees an idea he thinks is
worthy of having a discussion about mr.
Trump is willing to have conversations
and discuss issues that other candidates
aren't willing to discuss because
they're so politically correct hey
always the Trump campaign falls back on
the politically correct but hrus right
when they have nothing to say when they
have nothing to do they just go to wells
Polly just fighting political
correctness he can say whatever stupid
crap comes into his mind and that you
read on the Internet in the interwebs
they've been saying he can do all that
because hey he's not politically correct
yeah I see a lot of stupid stuff on the
internet too I don't talk about it cuz
it's stupid stuff on the internet not
because it's politically correct not to
talk about it but because it's idiotic
hey turns out Holocaust denial to take a
perfect example Holocaust denial because
there are all these alt writers who for
some reason think that the Jews just
made it the Jews just made it up
turns out Holocaust denial is just
something for stupid people I don't
not talk about it because it's
politically correct not to talk about it
I don't talk about it because it's
idiotic you have to have an IQ well
under 80 to believe any of this stuff
but Donald Trump may have an IQ under 80
I mean he actually buys into a lot of
this stuff and he feels like it gives
him the sort of underground appeal and
does to some people it clearly does to
some people as I say there's an there's
this move toward conspiratorial ISM in
politics it's increased not decreased
during the course of my lifetime it's
getting worse and worse to the point
where every major event there's a
conspiracy theory that immediately brews
up about it
you had Alex Jones saying the Sandy Hook
massacre was a false flag for a gun
confiscation turns out it could just be
a crazy guy shooting up a school and
then the left could use it for gun
confiscation but pretty sure that that
the piece of garbage Adam Lanza who went
in and shot all those kids wasn't in the
pay of George Soros but it's all about
the conspiracy theory because that
offers you a convenient enemy and it
offers you a way to explain away all the
terrible things that happen in the world
it's not that it's a terrible thing
can't happen to you unless you're being
targeted is what the conspiracy
theorists say and therefore if you elect
somebody who will prevent that targeting
your life will just be a giant bed of
roses and this is what you get from the
Trump core support so there are there
are two groups of Trump supporters at
this point the two groups of from
supporters one is the core and one is
the chaff so I'll call them the the
wheat and the chaff right there's the
core the core group of support and these
are the people who are hardcore Trump
ease these are the people like the guy
that we saw yesterday the guy who was
who was talking about how Trump was
Trump he loves everything about Trump
the I Clinton from from tombstone
Ryan Ted Wright there's this guy when
play it again this is the the Trump
supporter and these guys push openly
anti-cruise conspiracy theories in order
to target Cruz so here's what they look
like yesterday
you look okay so that's one guy so
there's the guy in the back you look
like a fish monster and you're a
terrible person and then there's this
guy this this delightful fellow that we
met yesterday
Ike Clanton over in Indiana talking to
you know on the New York ok snaggletooth
snaggletooth over here
very upset line tan I think you're lying
about your mistresses I know I saw and
then papers they keep over by the
grocery section I was checking out at
the grocery using my food stamps and
then I took one of them National
Enquirer papers right off the line I
look right on and said mistresses I had
to have my wife read it to me but she
told me it said mistresses she also my
cousin so you got this dude over here
doing this routine and this is the the
Trump hardcore base so there's always
whenever you have a demagogic leader
like like Donald Trump a demagogue like
Trump there's always this hardcore base
of support and I mean it's it's
relatively small it's this group of
people who think they ask you you ask
what do you like about Alec everything
everything he is a sexy man they
everything they just love everything
about Trump and then you have the Trump
chaff and the Trump chaff are the people
who are sort of mainstream but have now
fallen into the sway of the front
movement because they feel like he's the
best to stop the Trump opposition so
these are the people who look at Trump
and they say okay as a hardcore base of
support now he's the only one left as
the field is winnowed he's got he's
gained support from the establishment
and you're starting to see people fall
into this so they base that not so much
I'm loving Trump but much more on
disliking the left which is more
understandable right more understandable
so for example you look at Bernie
Sanders and here's Bernie Sanders
yesterday on the left the socialist
bag from Vermont who's not going to win
the nomination but is in fact a very
influential leader on the left somebody
in the audience shouts at the
billionaire class should f off and
here's Bernie Sanders his response tell
the billionaire class while that is one
way to phrase it it's hilarious yeah
rich people annoy myself I'm constrained
I can't quite phrase it like that but
that's not bad okay that's not bad so so
people look at Bernie Sanders and they
go okay well at least Trump paid that so
I guess I'll buy into that right this is
the people who are now joining the Trump
movement jumping a little late onto the
bandwagon and you've got people who look
at Hillary Clinton and they say Hillary
Clinton is quite terrible so they look
at tape like this one and they'll come
to the proper conclusion that Hillary
Clinton is pretty awful here's it
there's an out-of-work coal miner who
confronts Hillary because Hillary has
said she wants to kill coal jobs she
openly said that she wants to put the
coal industry out of business here's
what that looked like you hear those
people out there saying some of the
things that they say is because when you
make comments like we're going to put a
lot of coal miners out of jobs these are
the kind of people that you they're
affecting this is this is my family hope
is in my future I just want to know how
you can say you're going to put a lot of
coal miners out of out of jobs and then
come in here and tell us how you're
gonna be our friend because those people
out there
and Hillary ends up kind of quasi
apologizing but also doubling down and
some people look at this and go yeah
Hillary's kind of terrible also and then
they look at the people who are
supporting Hillary and who oppose Trump
and it's not just the the protesters we
talked about yesterday
it's the intelligencia on the left so
Andrew Sullivan is a guy who used to be
a quote-unquote conservative he shifted
to the left because of gay rights as an
openly gay guy who was I think caught in
some sort of peccadillo where he was
posting online weird sex habits and such
but Andrew Sullivan also famous for
saying that Sarah Palin's son was not in
fact her son it was Bristol son and
Sarah was covering it up Andrew Sullivan
Road
for the Atlantic about the rise of
tyrants in America and he was on with
Chris Matthews and here's what he had to
say about Trump was a good thing to do
but don't tell it's gonna make a lot of
people better off but they don't
demonize whole sections of the
population they don't discriminate on
the basis of people religion they don't
claim they're gonna actually round up a
deport that's that's different no he
does the he doesn't both like any
reality television asshole which is what
he is that's the character he plays like
he has but he's style yeah why he
dominated this is what is he he's either
a comedian a sideshow or is a dangerous
fascist was a dangerous neo-fascist who
was using reality television of the
modern media in a way that is leaving
the rest of us in the dust
and it's terrifying to watch okay so he
says this and people looking in under
Sullivan they go we hate you you're
terrible okay and so and so that into
the chaff they chaff of the Trump
support they're not joining in with with
the core Trump support you know Dennis
Prager is not on the side of
snaggletooth but he looks at people like
Andrew Sullivan and he goes yeah you
people support Hillary you supported
Obama all the things you hate about
Trump are equally true about Obama and
Hillary so I guess we'll go with Trump
and so you get people like Sean Hannity
so Sean Hannity is a good guy and here
is Sean Hannity who's full on the Trump
train now he's been on the Trump train
for a long time and here he is talking
about how George Will wrote a column
over the weekend where he said that he
wants not only Trump to lose he wants
Trump to lose big he wants from to lose
50 states to defeat his movement which
there's an argument to be made that this
is at least partially correct the idea
being that you don't want to see it's
not about watching Hillary win it's not
loving to see Hillary win it's about
Trump Donald Trump and his movement are
dangerous to the future of conservatism
because he takes every element of
conservatism and tosses it out the
window and then claims he's the new
conservative he takes all the things we
care about and he throws them out the
window he spends his entire career
making a mockery of what we say
conservatism is the left as
conservatives are a bunch of racist
redneck bigots with our ignoramuses
conspiracy theorist tinfoil hat idiots
and then Donald Trump comes along says
yeah I'm all those things and so there
are conservatives who say okay well I
don't want him leading our movement I
don't want him as president so George
will basically write
column and here's Sean Hannity now
blaming the establishment for for
wanting Trump to lose so I remember
those early days where will was on there
battling Sam Donaldson and Cokie Roberts
and at the time was like Reagan's lone
defender and he was stunningly effective
highly intellectual left everybody else
in the dust anyway I don't know what's
happened George will hates Donald
Trump's so much that he's effectively
endorsed Hillary Clinton and I'm not
exaggerating George will rights if Trump
is nominated the GOP must keep him out
of the White House well what does that
mean that means don't let Trump win
Donald Trump's damage to the Republican
Party although already extensive has
barely begun he talks about all of his
problems multiplying and the support of
the most anti conservative presidential
candidate and the party's history those
that collaborate will render themselves
in eligible to participate in the
party's reconstruction so he's writing
here Trump would be the most unpopular
nominee ever unable to even come close
to Mitt Romney's insufficient support
among women minorities and young people
in losing disastrously Trump probably
would create a down ballot card as
oceans column now and everything that
will says in this column is true but
Hannity doesn't like it so he's jumping
on the he's jumped on the the Trump
bandwagon because he doesn't like the
idea of losing to people like Andrew
Sullivan or losing to Hillary or losing
to Bernie Sanders so the idea is that
better to to side with Trump to go along
and then maybe we can control them once
we get it maybe we can control once we
get in now I don't think that I've spent
long periods of time on this show saying
Trump is not Hitler
okay there's only one Hitler Trump is
not Hitler but the question for any
demagogic leader is is he a busy a weak
guy or is he a chaff guy deep down in
the cockles of his Tidy heart is Donald
Trump a guy who stands with the core of
his support or is he someone who's just
standing aside with the with the chaff
and saying okay I'm gonna use that core
get where I need to go and then I'll
abandon them and I'll be a perfectly
reasonable person and I'll be just a
good governing president is that which
is it so to look at history and again
Trump has not hit learning I'll say it
10 times Trump is not Hitler right from
he's not but let's look at history now
okay in history Hitler rose to power on
the basis not of his conspiracy theories
this is rewritten history he didn't rise
to power on the basis of let's round up
all the Jews and kill them he didn't
rise to power on the basis of let's
start a World War he rose to basis he
rose to power on the basis of let's make
Germany great again and we have to stop
the Communists that's really what he
rose to power based on if you look at
his species between 1930 and 1932 he
almost never
Thomas ol writes about this he almost
never mentions the Jews never and in
fact after he gained power in 1933 he
tried to initiate a boycott against
Jewish businesses and it was so
unsuccessful in Germany was shut down
after four days because the Germans
weren't into it they put him in power
because they thought that he was going
to wreck the system they thought he's
gonna take the BAI our republic system
and he was going to correct that system
by basically coming in and cleaning
house and some of the people who
supported him were people like Franz von
Papen von papen high-ranking former
Chancellor of the of the German republic
and he felt that it was imperative to
stop the Communists so imperative that
he went to the the then President
Hindenburg of Germany and he said to him
make Hitler Chancellor because Hitler
won't be communist and I'll be his
second-in-command and I can control him
so all these people he's hanging out
with his essay his SS his whole base of
support here don't worry that's just his
core he's just riding him to power he's
not that guy he'll be one of us I'll
control him it'll be fine
there are very few times in human
history where the people who have been
the wheat have actually have been who
have been the chaff when those people
actually controlled the guy who's riding
the backs of the weak to power it almost
never happens it almost never happens
when somebody rides the bad guys to
power and then turns around and works
with the good guys almost never happens
much more common for the the chaff to be
taken in much more common for the the
sean hannity's of the world and the bill
o'reilly of the world and and the people
who are good-hearted but are buying into
a bad guy for those people to be taken
for a ride that if Trump were president
he would
immediately turn to snaggletooth over
there and then push through whatever
agenda he wants including many elements
of a very nasty economic and foreign
policy agenda including an agenda that
ink that rien shrine's big government in
every part of our lives he would rely on
snaggletooth to push him forward because
in the end politicians love to be loved
Trump loves to be loved and the people
who give him the most love are the
people like snaggletooth and Trump is
closest in mentality to the people like
snaggletooth not to the people like Sean
Hannity Sean still presumably cares
about conservatism Trump does not he
never has he just likes to say
conservatism so who's being taken for a
ride and one of these people one of
these groups being taken for a ride
easy to the core or it's the chaff so if
you think that Ted that Donald Trump's
saying all this crap from the National
Enquirer about Ted Cruz's daddy if you
think that that's just him taking his
core for a ride it's him being super
intelligent just playing those guys then
by all means jump on the Trump train
he's too smart for all of us if you
think that the real Donald Trump is the
guy who reads the National Enquirer and
then airs those rumors if you think the
real Donald Trump is the guy who
actually believes vaccines cause autism
and believes 9/11 was basically a quasi
inside job and believes that Iraq was
was just a giant lie perpetrated on the
American people to waste American lives
and kill Americans soldiers if you
believe all those if that's what you
think Trump is then you shouldn't be
surprised when it turns out that he's a
bad bad president and a very scary guy
to boot with a huge base in his core and
his court are a bunch of nasty
ignoramuses who are relying on him
relying on him to be their shield the
shield between the Giants evil
conspiracy out there somewhere in the
ether and their own bad lives they're
relying on him to save them that's a
very very scary phenomenon it's bad on
the left whether it's Hillary or Obama
and it's really bad on the right too
okay time for a couple of things I like
and then some things that I hate so a
couple of things I like first of all my
sister who loves to read comics she she
gave me an Captain America I think came
out in 2011 and she picked up in like
the bargain bin is Captain America
number one from ultimate comics and it's
really quite good it's it's the the
basic premise is Captain America well he
was asleep the US government created a
second Captain America and Frank Sanders
and Frank Sanders was placed into
Vietnam to fight on behalf truth
justice in the American Way and
basically he goes full Kurds he goes
native and so now he's back and he wants
to fight the original Captain America
cuz he wants to disillusion him about
how America is great he gives it he
captures him and he lectures him about
here's what you missed well you were
gone right you missed you missed you
missed Nixon and you missed Cambodia and
you miss Laos and you missed Indonesia
and you missed all this here's all the
bad things that happen in America that
you missed you have this whole dance
equated version of America that's vision
that America is a great place but you
missed all this stuff while you were
asleep and so you have to pay as the
symbol of America you have to pay the
price and it's it's a pretty good comic
and then the payoff is really good the
payout at the very end of it is terrific
the payoff is great so that's Captain
America number one Ultimate Comics okay
second thing that I like I just finished
over the weekend Thomas souls black
rednecks and white liberals I mentioned
it to you earlier in the context of the
rise of Hitler to power and what the
German what was Germany and aberration
was was the Nazi or an aberration or is
there something inherent to the German
philosophy into the German people that
causes them to be violent and it's a
fascinating essay because the tendency
fur for everybody and then tendency for
for all of us is to say when bad things
happen those people are an aberration
right those people are just they're
monsters this is why people use the word
monsters I don't like using the word
monsters because there are no such
things as monsters monsters don't exist
they don't live under your bed they're
not in your closet and they didn't exist
in Nazi Germany there were people and
people are capable of tremendous evil
and line between slipping from good into
evil is actually very very thin and the
hill is really steep so once you take
one step boom you're right down that
hill and what sowill says and this is
why I'm so worried about the Trump
movement is that once you have a people
that is accustomed to tyranny basically
and then willing to hand power to
someone on the basis of making X great
again and they're willing to overlook
all of his flaws don't be surprised when
things start to go badly don't be
surprised when people just kind of go
along to get along
because after all Hitler made the the
the made the Autobahn and Mussolini made
the trains run on time so this is it's a
really good book black rednecks and
white liberals the title of the the
piece the title of the book is
predicated on an essay that he wrote
about why black culture ghetto culture
is what he calls it why ghetto culture
is more violent and where the
rates of single motherhood come from in
his theory is basically it doesn't come
from genetics and it doesn't come from
Africa it comes from a white redneck
culture that prevailed in the south and
was predominant in the south and
actually comes from border areas in
Britain from Scotland in Ireland and the
people who had inhabited the South were
very different from the people who
inhabited the North slaves brought over
to the United States grew up not just as
slaves but also grew up in this milieu
of tribal almost tribal Highlander stuff
and and they took up a lot of those
those cultural totems and it's a
fascinating book black rednecks white
liberals by Thomas all okay time for a
couple of things that I a so first of
all as we mentioned Ted Cruz is having a
tough time here Ted Cruz probably loses
Indiana tonight maybe he drops out maybe
he stays in my guess is he stays in
because why not you know at this point
you've run it this far you may as well
run it all the way to California
California's in a month who knows there
could be some sex scandal with Trump
screwing the horse or something and then
suddenly you're the only alternative and
you're the nominee so it'll probably
stick it out but realistically speaking
if none of the crazy things Trump has
said are done are preventing him from
the nomination it would have to be at
least a stable of wild horses to make
any difference at all any scandal that
have to be an underage horse maybe an
underage male horse they would have to
like we'd have to get real specific in
order for the scandal to have any impact
so Cruz is is now kind of letting the
cat out of the bag he's very upset
understandably so he's a constitutional
conservative and he's getting ripped
here is Ted Cruz being called he going
after Fox News for pretty overt support
of Trump there is a broader dynamic at
work which is network executives have
made a decision to get behind Donald
Trump Rupert Murdoch and Roger Ailes at
Fox News have turned Fox News into the
Donald Trump network 24/7 now Rupert
Murdoch is used to picking world leaders
in Australia in the United Kingdom
running tabloids and we're seeing it
here at home will the consequences for
this nation media executives are trying
to convince Hoosiers trying to convince
Americans the races decided okay you
have notes of the race you know is going
to be decided tonight but you know what
saying about Fox News and the problems
within Fox News those are very real
concerns held by a lot of conservatives
it's why they've lost some credibility
in particular shows and and it's said
okay the other thing that that I hate
and I think it demonstrates actually
what I've what I've been talking about
in terms of the the base of core support
for Trump which is almost this fascist
ik worship of Trump there's this video
and I have to say it this is an accurate
depiction by ABS by the way I have been
working out and I am absolutely ripped
but this is that this is a video put out
by the the oxymoronic Li named Argan
wisdom a and and the re and wisdom
account on YouTube has now put out a
video it's a parody of 300 in which
apparently I play a prominent part I
have to admit I'm sort of flattered the
and what's amazing about this is just to
set the stage Leonidas is Trump
obviously because he's the great god
King and then the and then the Persian
King is the Persian King is George Soros
alright and then the the messenger gets
kicked down the well as you'll see is
Barack Obama so this should earn this
guy a visit from Secret Service out
assume because you're not supposed to
make material in which you posit the
death of the President of the United
States and Ted Cruz is the Hunchback
right who's selling out to George Soros
of course because clearly Ted Cruz and
George Soros are in league with each
other clearly people who believe this
stuff are so unbelievably stupid I mean
they're Phineas Gage level pipe through
stovepipe through the head level stupid
I mean this is it's it's it's amazing so
they believe Ted Cruz in league with
George Soros I'm in league with Barack
Obama I yes me I'm in league with Barack
Obama in this one in fact I'm one of his
messengers which is really exciting I'm
so glad to have been put in that context
and and their there's some other
prominent characters but basically
you're about to see me get killed on
screen so for all of the people who are
who are followers of some of my quasi
friends / quasi enemies on on Twitter I
hope you'll enjoy this little clip from
whatever this monstrosity is called 300
making America great again I guess is
what they call this we're gonna win
we're gonna win it for the people we're
gonna win it for our country we're going
to make America great again
and there I go so that's me being killed
it's actually more amusing in 30-second
segments but this thing's like eight
minutes long it's really long a couple
quick notes about 300 just before we
conclude here a couple quick notes about
300 300 is a really entertaining movie
but one of the problems with 300 is a
movie is that it's actually fascist so
the Spartans were actual fascists okay
like the movie opens with them taking
babies and throwing them in pits so okay
not the greatest guys get basically it's
Planned Parenthood with an army so
Planned Parenthood with an army against
Isis that's great
so the so it's the the movies
entertaining but it just demonstrates
the levels of we're looking for a king
we're looking for a leader we stand for
freedom and by freedom we mean
submission to Donald Trump right we have
to submit to the to the iron hand of
Donald Trump and we have to feel the
cool caress of his stubby fingers upon
us so there you are
tonight as we say it's gonna be a bad
night for Cruz gonna be a bad night for
America it looks like after all we
aren't gonna end up with predator versus
alien in this election cycle which is
it's it's like it's like Marvel Civil
War except if everyone sucked radically
and it was terrible so basically nothing
like that except it's a civil war
between terrible people it's it's it's
Isis versus Iran the election version
it's just it sucks it's just terrible
all the way around and yeah we'll be
back tomorrow we'll get through it we'll
get through it and and you know just
quick note we'll always call it like we
see it here at the ben shapiro show so
if trump says something that ain't
stupid we'll talk about it from
something stupid we'll talk about it if
Hillary ever says something that isn't
stupid I'll be shocked but we'll talk
about it we'll always call it like we
see it so just because I'm not a trump
supporter doesn't mean that I'm not
going to call things the way I see them
that's why I've been calling it the
whole way like I see it the concept of
of standing by principle as opposed to
standing by person is key to me it
should be key to conservatives and no
matter what happens tonight no matter
what happens the rest of this election
cycle the conservative movement will be
built we'll build it again and we'll
build it outside of Trump and we'll
build it outside of the week and we'll
build it outside the chaff there's gonna
have to be some people who stand for
principle and if you don't stand for
principle you don't get a role in the
rebuilding you know the people who are
the Trump stirs who wanted to burn this
whole house down here's the rule you
broke the Republican Party you bought
the Republican Party this is
your baby now this is your car if you
drive it off the cliff that's on you
gang but we're not gonna do that we're
gonna rebuild a brand new car and I'll
be a better car and in the end that's
the car that's going to end up pulling
America will throw the sucker into full
reverse that's the car that's that's the
machine that's gonna end up saving the
country not this pathetic Trump Mad Max
devil machine that is pulling us toward
a terrible end and toward Charlize
Theron in a shaved head I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
