angry at being called violent criminals
by Donald Trump Mexicans have been
protesting his California rallies by
rioting beating people up and setting
police cars on fire
this will teach Trump to call us
gangsters said one protester shooting
pepper spray into a child's face if he
calls us gangster again me and my G's
gonna bang him good and throw his
sneakers on the phone wire the Latino
protesters were furious that Trump has
been promising to build a wall between
Mexico and the u.s. to prevent further
illegal immigration they gathered to
show they should be welcome additions to
their new country by waving Mexican
flags and carrying signs that said make
America Mexico again how dare he refer
to us as illegal said one protester just
because we snuck into the country in
ways that were against the law
like all immigrants we had to suffer
through many hardships to get here like
hiding drugs in our lower intestines and
engaging in running gun battles with
Border Patrol agents protesters said
they would continue to show that Trump's
policies inspire violence by being
inspired to violence by his policies as
one protester put it we have just as
much right to ruin this country as
anyone why should only natural-born
American college students be allowed to
cause chaos and scream ignorant
destructive slogans at the top of their
lungs Hillary Clinton voiced support for
the rioting Mexicans and anyone else who
might help give her power and/or money
Secretary Clinton said quote these
people are dreamers who dream of coming
to this country and sabotaging our
political process with riots and what
could be more American than that
mrs. Clinton added I support a $15 an
hour minimum wage so obviously we need
illegal immigrants who can be paid less
because if you think I'm shelling out 15
bucks an hour to have the lawns mowed at
my mansions you are out of your mind
to be fair while some of the rioting
Latinos seem to be just the sort of
lawless Marauders Donald Trump has been
rallying against others were gainfully
employed I have a very good job one
protester said my employer is that
fat-faced man over there with the funny
orange hair
he paid me mucho dinero to riot because
he said it would help him get elected
president trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Angie
flavin show so that's that's what's
happening here in California where the
election is going to be decided by my
vote in a couple of in a couple of weeks
we're here again or are we you can't
tell unless you subscribe you can't tell
whether I'm here or not this could be
somebody just doing an imitation of my
voice if you subscribe you get to watch
as well as listen and you can see me do
hilarious things like this and like this
boy what you don't know what you just
missed and also you get to participate
in the show cuz if you can leave us
letters as messages comments and we will
read them on the show and answer your
questions and all things will finally
become clear so we're going to Indiana
this week right this is the Indiana
primary The Last Stand for Ted Cruz
we've got one poll The Wall Street
Journal Marist College poll which is the
one everybody's touting that has Trump
15% ahead but there was another poll
over the weekend the Mike downs Center
for Indiana politics was a very
well-respected poll had it exactly the
other way around Cruz is up 15% the
pollsters really going Cruz Trump I
always get those two confused
one of them's up one of them is up 15%
that's what we know so and here in
California they I mean this is really
amazing they kind of spin this that are
lovable left big media spins this as if
it's somehow Trump's fault that people
are rioting at his rallies but only the
Wall Street Journal got this right these
guys could be paid by try mean this is
just these votes in the pocket for
Donald Trump he's sitting around
screaming about Mexicans or
our criminals and they're hot they're
setting police cars on fire I mean what
it was like an advertisement is like
they're like a super PAC for Donald
Trump he goes on Chris Wallace has him
on and he any Assam isn't this a problem
for you play the play first Trump cup
are you concerned that if you're the
Republican nominee these demonstrations
could disrupt your campaign no we were
at that particular moment we had
31,000 people in the stands it was
packed they've never had a crowd like
that it's the biggest crowd they've ever
had
we had 31,000 people we didn't have a
riot we didn't have anybody even raised
their hand it was like a love fest for
an hour and a half
it was incredible I didn't even see the
right I guess it was you know these are
wise guys that stomp on policeman's cars
and it's a terrible thing that people
are allowed to get away with this these
were professional agitators they were
wearing masks the cops told me any time
you see a guy with a mask you know he's
a professional and they were wearing
masks and these people have to be dealt
with very strongly because you can't
allow that to happen to a police car you
know essentially but this was an amazing
this was an amazing evening where we had
31,000 people and almost never other
than a couple of helicopter shots did
anybody see the crowd the massiveness of
the crowd a record-setting crowd and
nobody even saw it they only showed some
guys making noise outside so these were
the gangsters these weren't the
gangsters he associated with in Las
Vegas these hey I'm sorry Atlantic City
these were the other gangsters who were
ruining is his gathering you know I have
to admit I have to admit I really I
detest Trump I really do but this is
what's so refreshing about his campaign
I mean this is what makes Trump so
interesting to watch is that the press
you know it used to be it used to be we
had the press was part of our life but
it wasn't like so pervasive as it is now
we didn't have media just surrounding
like we walk around now in this cloud of
media so our moral guides were people
like priests and rabbis who they may
have been wrong they may have been bad
guys themselves but at least they spent
their lives the best of them certainly
spent their lives studying the ancient
moral texts studying our values and
coming out and trying to guide us and
how to to have what we've had for the
past 20 to 40 years has been politicians
and journalists telling us about I mean
the idea of politicians telling us but
about morality is laughable on its face
and journalists too you know I mean
these guys every time I hear Barack
Obama make a speech where he says that's
not who we are I find myself thinking
that's who I am yeah
it's who everybody I know is maybe it's
just not who people in Washington are
you know like maybe maybe you're just a
you know you're just being lofty because
you don't have to deal with the problems
that the rest of us are facing so over
the weekend there was this thing that
they have every year the White House
Correspondents Dinner
and every year I hate the way this thing
gets covered because this is supposed to
be a place where the reporters and the
politicians get together and make any
joke they want about anybody and so
there it's always supposed to be kind of
freewheeling and you know people will
say anything about anybody and every
year the press tries to make us shocked
by it usually if it's a left-wing
president the right-wing press tries to
make us shocked and if it's a right-wing
president the left way oh my gosh he
said this he said that so this year
there's always a comedian who runs the
thing this year is this guy Larry
Wilmore who is he now runs the Daily
Show right this guy I the only thing
that shocked me about this guy is how
unfunny he is this guy is not funny he's
like he is like zero it's what we used
to call it chic sucker because instead
of making you laugh he makes you go
would you could see if you would only
subscribe what what a thrill that would
be so that we can just play everybody
got shocked at his little conclusion
this is his the larry wilmore's ending
speech I've always joked that I voted
for the president because he's black and
people say would you agree with its
policies no I said I agree with the
policy that he's black I say as long as
he keeps being black I'm good you say
what about Iraq is he still bad but
behind that joke is a humble
appreciation for the historical
implications for what your presidency
means when I was a kid I lived in a
country where people couldn't accept a
black quarterback now think about that a
black man was thought by here's near
color not good enough to lead a football
team and now to live in your time mr.
president when a black man can lead the
entire free world
words alone do me no justice so mr.
president I'm going to keep it a hundred
yo Barry you did it my nigga so
everybody got upset that he uses the
n-word and there's you know who cares
it's a you know that's the whole point
of the gathering that's not what bothers
me what bothers me is the cheering press
this press is so inside Obama's pocket
they're so in and listen I'm proud to
live in the car we're the only country
the only country in the West only major
Western country that would you know it
really doesn't care what the guys black
or not my feeling it was like yeah it's
amazing we had a black guy leave the
country but did he have to lead it so
badly that he have to do such a crappy
job I mean the economy's you know just
like trembling on the brink all the time
the Middle East is going up in smoke you
know that that was nowhere to be seen It
was as if this were just a triumphal
final this is obviously his final White
House dinner now the other thing is
Obama is great at these things you know
we on the right find him so distasteful
to just his personality so distasteful
we don't like to give him credit for
anything but he's genuinely got a good
sense of humor he's got good writers and
he's got a good delivery now here's what
he said play the first of Obama's cause
here's his part of his joke routine key
staff we're not starting to leave the
White House even reporters have left me
Savannah Guthrie she's left the White
House press corps to host The Today Show
nor O'Donnell left the briefing room to
host CBS this morning
funny line but also the truth the truth
there is a revolving door between
Democrat administrations and the media
that is who the media is you know and
that's the problem that is the thing
we're face at the end of this well the
play then he says it seriously at the
end of the play they don't the last part
your power and your responsibility to
dig
and the counter distortions and untruths
is more important than ever taking a
stand on behalf of what is true does not
require you shedding your objectivity in
fact it is the essence of good
journalism it affirms the idea that the
only way we can build consensus the only
way that we can move forward as a
country the only way we can help the
world mend itself is by agreeing on a
baseline of facts when it comes to the
challenges that confront us all so this
night is a testament to all of you who
devoted your lives to that idea who push
to shine a light on the truth every
single day so I want to close my final
White House Correspondents Dinner by
just saying thank you
I'm very proud of what you've done it
has been an honor and a privilege to
work side-by-side so if they're signing
a light on the truth why are they
working side by side with the most
powerful person in the room I mean isn't
when you point you're supposed to be
speaking truth to power if you're
shining a light on truth shouldn't the
light be brightest on the priming this
this is the thing all the candidates
who've been so far defeated by Donald
Trump and Ted Cruz who is struggling you
know trying to stay in the race they
have all accused the press of giving
Trump all this free publicity because
Trump is good news I mean he's like fun
to watch and he's controversial and he's
interesting so they keep bringing him on
Fox of course has gone completely into
the Trump tank and just as a mind which
which Fox anchor is interviewing Trump
at this hour is basically the only thing
you see on Fox but that is not in in my
opinion that is not how the media
created Donald Trump because they could
have shone a light on him and he could
have gone right down the tank they
created him by lying by lying and lying
and lying for 15 to 20 years he the
media it's one thing the media the
political consensus in America has
collapsed after the war after
or two we had a kind of consensus of
what was right was kind of it's kind of
center-right in in some ways but also
kind of slowly liberalizing and that was
the consensus and the press could kind
of represent that consensus against both
the far left and the far right and and
just kind of tread that middle path as
we have become more extreme and more
European our press has become more
European because in the in Europe when
you buy a newspaper you buy the
socialist newspaper you buy the
conservative paper and it'll you know
you'll open the paper and will say you
know Tony Blair that idiot did something
you know they mean it was kind of right
out there and that's the way our press
has come become but it's all on one side
I mean we have if you look at the
remnants of the legacy press the the
network news the chief anchor of ABC
News is a Clinton operative is George
Stephanopoulos right the best
investigator investigative reporter at
CBS had to quit because they wouldn't
put stories about Obama scandals on the
air the guy who used to be what's his
name Brian Williams who he got fired for
lying but he didn't get fired when he
bowed to the president he actually bowed
to the president like a courtier you
know to his King you know yes mr. booboo
yeah that's who these guys are that's
who they are and so they've lied and all
through the Bush administration all
through the Bush administration we got
these non scandal scandals right
remember Joe Wilson wrote that op-ed in
the New York Times about how Bush had
lied about yellowcake being sold in
Africa to Saddam Hussein turned out Bush
was absolutely right so to cover up the
fact to cover up the fact that Bush was
absolutely right in Joe Wilson was
absolutely wrong they made this big fuss
about the fact that Joe Wilson's wife
was a CIA agent Valerie Plame and
somebody mention oh there had to be an
investigation that was a there was a
prosecutor appointed it was not it was a
nothing it was a non scandal scandal
meant to distract us from the fact that
Bush was right a hundred years of
Democrat corruption funneling funds that
were supposed to go to the levees into
the pockets of Democrat politicians
Hurricane Katrina hits the levees break
because these scum this Democrat scum
has been filtering the money out of the
city whose fault is it that the New
Orleans goes underwater
it's george w bush's fault you know
everything every single thing yeah
Ghraib you know shameful what was it
five guys ten guys who misbehaved at Abu
Ghraib you know and go on Amazon and
look up there's a shelf of books about
oh the road to torture how torture
became American policy well you know it
was all nonsense then compare that
compare that to the Obama administration
right the IRS scandal any other
president would be under fire for eight
years if he you misused the IRS as obama
misused the IRS here it's like nothing
to see you know will report on it a
couple of days other than that just
forget about it you know the I mean the
sale of guns the what they call the fast
and furious sale of guns to Mexican
killers a woman was killed by those guns
because of that stupid policy that
stupid policy again that would have been
hearings would have been nothing you
know it's just a Fox News obsession it's
on Fox News so it's not real news it's
not you know they did this consistently
and now they're doing it with Hillary
Clinton I mean Hillary Clinton who the
emails let alone you you or I would be
in prison for doing what she provably
did on the emails but the fact the fact
that she lied to the parents of the
Benghazi did standing in front of their
coffin I mean that's a that's a horrible
thing to do
and the fact that she has clearly sold
government favors for donations to her
foundation again you know there's no
smoking gun there's no smoking gun you
know I mean if it had been Bush the
smoking gun would have been in the hands
of the New York Times reporters because
they've been firing at Bush you know
it's like BAM I got a smokin because I'm
coming after George W Bush nothing
nothing so it's compared to that fog of
Lies it's in that fog of lies that
trumps blithering loudmouth bullying
name-calling sounds like telling it like
it is I mean that's how you know it's
refreshing its refresh David Brooks
Brooks who is I don't even know what the
call he was supposed to be the
conservative columnist for The New York
Times but he's just you know I have
there's a writer named Gertrude Stein
she was famous for kind of nurturing
Hemingway and I love that whole Lost
Generation she she was an experimental
writer
I just hate her work I hate it and one
day my wife was looking at our shelves
and she saw the collected writing of
Gertrude Stein she said you hate this
why do you why do you keep this on your
shelf and I said because there are many
bad books but there's only one worst
book yeah I just want Stein on my
shelves I have the worst book David
Brooks may now be the worst commentator
in America he wrote a piece that has to
be one of the stupidest columns he's
talking about the fact fact that he
didn't see trump coming he says you know
there obviously was something wrong
there was something wrong and Trump is
the wrong answer but what's the right
answer so listen to this for a minute
just listen to the pomposity and the
sequestered consciousness and he's
complaining about the fact that he
doesn't know what's going on in America
he says I was surprised by Trump's
success because I've slipped into a bad
pattern says David Brooks I've been
spending large chunks of my life in the
bourgeois strata in professional circles
with people with similar status and
demographics to my own it takes an act
of will to rip yourself out of that and
go where you feel least comfortable but
this column is going to try to do that
over the next months and years we all
have some responsibility to do one
activity that leaps across the chasms of
segmentation that afflict this country
so he's gonna find out what we need
instead of Donald Trump David Brooks is
gonna explain to us what all these
people who are turning to Donald Trump
what they really need cuz they're in
pain he says we'll probably need a new
national story up until now America's
story has been some version of the rags
to riches story the lone individual who
rises from the bottom through pluck and
work but that story isn't working for
people anymore especially for people who
think the system is rigged I don't know
what the new national story will be but
maybe it will be less individualistic
and more redemptive maybe it will be a
story about communities that heal those
who suffer from addiction broken homes
trauma prison and loss a story of those
who triumph over the isolation social
instability and dislocation so common
today we'll probably need a new
definition of masculinity too that's
what I've been waiting for I've been
waiting for the New York Times
to put down their poodles and take their
dresses off stop using the women's
bathroom and come out and redefine
masculinity for me this is David
probably needing a new definition of
masculinity too there are many groups in
society who have lost an empire but not
yet found a role men are the largest of
those groups the traditional masculine
ideal it isn't working anymore it leads
to high dropout rates and high
incarceration rates low labor force
participant this is an economy that
rewards emotional connection and verbal
expressiveness everywhere you see men
imprisoned by the old reticent
historical ideal so in other words this
guy leaves says I'm gonna break out of
my boudoir
left-wing you know elitist community to
find out what American need really needs
and what he finds out these needs is we
need the values of the bourgeois
left-wing elite community these are all
the things they've been saying this is
the problem this is the solution is
moron you know but it's ridiculous and
so that's you know and and this thing
about masculinity and femininity which
is obviously a big thing on everybody's
mind
he's coming out in the worst possible
way between Trump and Hillary Clinton I
mean this is the thing that is that is
it's just amazing to me watching this so
Donald Trump comes forward and he says
that all Hillary's got going for is the
woman card if she didn't if you weren't
a woman she wouldn't get five percent of
the of the vote once again Chris Wallace
comes after him says this is the problem
with your campaign how are you gonna fix
this problem and here's here again is
Trump being obnoxious but refreshing I
got to tell you strategist and book if
you consciously went about it if you
specifically planned you couldn't have
said anything that would drive your
numbers among women even lower really
okay well I've you I'm my own strategist
and I like that what I said and it's
true I only tell the truth and that's
why people are always waiting wait a
minute don't forget in the Republican
primaries which I just beat Cruz by
numbers end up like 50 percent I was up
by so much I had 62 in New York and I
was six and three and six mr. Trump
with all due respect whether or none
whether or not you like let me just ask
the questioning because all of the polls
coming out I won with the women by
landslides I'd beat Cruz and I'd be I
understand that Hillary Clinton's women
by Lance is a different deal and wit
regardless of whether you like her or
not I think that she should be President
or not to say you mean she was a senator
she was the Secretary of State for four
years to say if she were a man she get
five percent isn't that kind of
dismissive well Bernie Sanders said a
lot worse than that
he said that she almost shouldn't be
allowed to run that she's not qualified
to run and she's not capable I mean
Bernie Sanders what she what he said was
a lot worse than what I said and I'm
going to use that I will have that teed
up but Bernie Sanders said she shouldn't
be allowed to run that she's not capable
and and you know what he said is
incredible it's a soundbite it's an
automat in fact as soon as she said if
they broke in and they said I can just
imagine Donald Trump watching these
statements Bernie Sanders has made make
it about Clinton so look she's a strong
person she's going to have to be able to
take it the fact is she the only card
she has is the woman's card she's done a
lousy job in so many ways and even women
don't like her Wallace explained once
again and this is not an attack on
Wallace I mean he's a good reporter but
all these guys have been saying and
women have been saying to Trump you know
shouldn't you stop doing what's causing
you to be a success shouldn't you stop
doing what's causing you to get votes
yeah you know the polls say this we say
this our values are this that's not who
we are
and he keeps winning he keeps winning
you know so no wonder like after all
these years of Lies after all these
years of lowlifes like journalists and
politicians telling us who we are to
watch them get kicked to the curb is
refreshing even to me who basically
thinks yes this guy is a mistake this
guy is just an imitation man that's but
it's he sounds like a man because he's
dealing with these people he's knocking
down these pins so now on the other side
you have a Hillary Clinton she's come up
with her strategy of how she's going to
do she's gonna MIT mock him she's
handing out to her people she's handing
out women's cards the woman's card and
all this stuff and she comes on I guess
she's talking to Jake Tapper and he asks
her you know how are you gonna deal with
the
savage anti-female attacks from Donald
Trump
here's her response I have a lot of
experience dealing with men who
sometimes get off the reservation and
the way they behave and how they speak
I'm not gonna deal with their temper
tantrums or their bullying or their
efforts to try to provoke me he can say
whatever he wants to say about me I
could really care less I'm gonna stand
up for what I think the American people
need and want in the next president
that's why I've laid out very specific
plans there's nothing secret about what
I want to do with the economy with
education with health care with foreign
policy I've laid it all out there and he
can't or he won't I can't tell which so
we're gonna talk about what we want to
do for the country and he can continue
on his Infeld fast but that's the choice
he's making so that she's gonna be a
castrating bitch I'm sorry that's I
listened to that and I thought oh you
know these men they misbehave they're
just like children that's your strategy
that's an Trump and Trump I'm sorry I
hate to say nice things but he put out a
tweet and said you know she said she's
had you know a lot of experience dealing
with these men she's done very badly at
it he pointed out it's like the worst
example of maleness I mean Trump is like
a parody of what a man is and she is
like the worst evil mommy at this point
I feel like the entire country is about
to be plunged into the play Who's Afraid
of Virginia Woolf you can see you know
the movie is great if you ever want to
watch it but it's about these do this
worrying old couple
you know there's old professors just a
battle-axe wife and this drunken husband
they invite this nice sweet young couple
over and they just get into a massive -
there is no prison it's something you
fantasize and it's just so anyway the
thing
we're going what we're going to find out
if this if this continues if Cruz
doesn't put you know stop it in Indiana
and you know even if he loses in Indiana
you may fight on and try and take away
the convention but if we wind up if we
wind up with Trump and Hillary it's
going to be a test it really is going to
be a test of who is closest whose
bizarre fantasy of what America is like
is closest to the truth because I feel
like we have been listening to the David
Brooks and only the David Brooks for
twenty years thirty years maybe forty
years that's all we hear of these guys
who sit around and talk about the crease
in their pants and how wonderful it is
that Obama's skin is brown and yes you
know that's what a wonderful triumph
that is and the economy I don't know
what you people are complaining about
the economy is five percent unemployment
rate five percent you know nobody's
working but that's still the way we
figure the unemployment it's like we're
going to find out which of these people
are right whether it is whether Donald
Trump is closer to the American heart or
whether Clinton is and right this minute
I don't think we can tell because I
think we are just so enshrouded by lies
the lies of this left-wing press that
it's impossible to know I think
everybody everybody has been blindsided
and when they ask themselves what the
problem is a lot of model look in the
mirror all right I just want to say
before I get the stuff I like all week
long I've been listening because I don't
like Donald Trump I've been listening to
these pathetic upright anti-semites who
come on my Twitter feed and shout all
this horrible stuff and just for anybody
who is actually interested in my
particular religious perspective I have
written a book called the great good
thing and it comes out in September but
you can pre-order it now and I wish you
would it's called the great good thing a
secular Jew comes to faith in Christ and
it's the story of my religious journey
and I'm really proud of it I think it's
one of the best books I ever wrote and
you can get it on all of the sites
Amazon Barnes and Noble
you can pre-order it now and as I say I
wish you would now stuff I like this
week we're going to we're gonna pull it
we're gonna welcome Ben Shapiro back
from his Passover break by pulling a bit
of a Ben Shapiro on our own show it's
Ben does this hilarious thing stuff I
hate
i-i-i don't I actually don't like
attacking works of art because we're
hard are hard to make you know I make
them they're hard you know and sometimes
I'd rather I'd rather like just sort of
ignore the ones I don't like and sort of
praised the ones I do but but this week
I would just like to take a look at a
couple of works that have been super
praised that I think stink
okay so this is stuff I like that I hate
your stuff you like that I a I mean
these are things these are things that
are listed may be among the best movies
the hundred best movie and the first one
is one of my least favorite films and I
don't I don't dislike it because I
dislike it I dislike it because it's bad
it's a bad movie and the movie is
American Beauty this one the best film
Oscar for 1999 excellent performance by
Kevin Spacey written by the guy whose
name just went right out of my head
what's his name ball anyway I'll come
back to it but he's done a lot of stuff
since on HBO a very highly praised
writer an American Beauty is about a
suburban husband who has an affair with
a young girl except the problem with it
is is that it's really about being gay
and it's a dishonest movie if that's
what really bothers me about it if you
read the movie that's a story about a
married man who has an affair with a
young boy the whole movie makes sense
now basically that doesn't bother me we
just talked about Who's Afraid of
Virginia Woolf also written by a gay guy
also could be seen as gay the one of the
greatest American plays streetcar named
desire also written by a gay guy clearly
with a lot of gay imagery in it but
still it applies to everybody it's a
universal both Virginia Woolf and whose
and streetcar named desire are universal
plays because they found these
playwrights were brilliant and they
found the universal truths in all of us
everything in American Beauty is false
its depiction of the suburbs is from
another time it's from the 50s it's
totally dishonest it reads as if a guy
had never been in the suburbs it's love
affair between Kevin Spacey and the girl
is also dishonest very much really a gay
love affair being kind of you know with
a woman play the young boys part and
most dishonest of all is this picture of
Chris Cooper playing and a Marine
colonel
which is a who hates gay people because
he really is secretly gay and this is
just a gay fantasy that is complete
nonsense I mean plenty of people just
hate them because they hate them you
know and I'm not condoning it I'm just
saying it doesn't come out of anything
yourself one of the silliest scenes in
this movie is this one where Chris
Cooper as the as the Marine colonel is
attracted to Kevin Spacey and starts to
think that maybe Kevin Spacey is making
a pass at him yep we missed it your wife
is with another man and
nope
our marriage is just for show
or commercial or how normal we are when
we're anything but
you are shaking
we really ought to get these clothes you
know I mean it's just it's just an
absurd gay fantasy Alan Ball is the name
of the writer everything he writes is
you know he writes stories about
vampires the vampires were really gay
he buddies everything he does and again
it's that's not what I'm objecting to
I'm objecting to the dishonesty in every
case every character is dishonest the
milieu of the suburbs is dishonest it
plays into left-wing fantasies of what
life is like and it's totally untrue and
it got awarded for being on for being
untrue for selling a point of view that
is just not the real world
really this like this movie American
Beauty and a lot more things that I
dislike as the week continues probably
including the Indiana primaries but
we'll talk about it all and we will not
lose our senses of humor by God as we go
down a train together
I'm Andrew Clavin is the Andrew Clavin
show come back again tomorrow we'll keep
it up
