Donald Trump is fun to watch bashes the
establishment and they totally deserve
it
he's the biggest man in the race he's
the roughest toughest bastard out there
and he tells it just like it is except
he doesn't because as entertaining as
Donald Trump is Donald Trump is a liar
who does he lie to first evangelicals
Trump says he loves the evangelicals
that the Bible is his favorite book it's
even better than art of the deal
forget the fact Trump couldn't even name
his favorite bible verse focus in on the
fact that Trump said he never asks for
God's forgiveness here are just some of
the things Trump isn't repenting for
bragging about his quote experiences
with women often seemingly very happily
married and important women cheating on
his first wife Ivana after considering
asking her for an open marriage
supporting partial-birth abortion until
about five minutes ago
refusing to label abortion murder and
stating that Planned Parenthood does
terrific work writing quote oftentimes
when I was sleeping with one of the top
women in the world I would say to myself
thinking about me as a boy from Queens
can you believe what I am getting saying
quote you know it doesn't really matter
what they write as long as you've got a
young and a beautiful piece of ass
stating quote if Ivanka weren't my
daughter perhaps I'd be dating her
telling a friend according to New York
magazine quote you have to treat women
like opposing a constitutional amendment
to end same-sex marriage saying he won't
take moral sides between Israel and the
Palestinians and of course Trump branded
casinos actually contains strip clubs
all of which begs the question have
evangelicals ever supported an
unrepentant Pro Planned Parenthood
adulteress strip club owner before next
conservatives Trump hasn't been
consistently conservative on a single
policy position in his entire career he
may be talking conservative policy now
but what reasons you have to trust him
Trump says now he's the most hardcore
candidate on immigration but in 2012 he
criticized Mitt Romney for being too
harsh on illegal immigration
Mitt Romney Trump also hired illegals at
his golf courses and to build his famous
Trump Tower Trump says now he banned
Muslim immigration to the United States
but he originally said he would take in
Syrian refugees Trump is super pro
Second Amendment
now but back in 2000 he supported the
assault weapons ban Trump says he isn't
for Obamacare but then he repeatedly and
consistently praises the socialist
British and Canadian and Scottish
healthcare systems Trump supported
Obama's stimulus package and tarp and
the auto bailouts
he backs campaign finance reform he says
the government should cap executive pay
Trump boasts that he often bribes public
officials but he wants you to believe
he'll be the one to stop cronyism Trump
says he'll appoint great justices but he
names his pro partial-birth abortion
sister as a possible nominee Trump only
stops giving money to Democrats in 2011
three years into the Obama
administration just about the time he
was starting to talk about running for
president between 1989 and 2010 Trump
gave more money to Democrats than
Republicans he gave money to John Kerry
and Teddy Kennedy and Harry Reid and yes
Hillary Clinton and just two weeks ago
Trump said quote I'm very capable of
changing to anything I want to change to
is this someone conservatives should
trust finally Trump's lying to the we
want a winner folks
Trump says he wins and he wins and he
wins he's a great businessman a
magnificent success here is a quick list
of Trump's business failures Trump the
game Trump vodka Trump airlines Trump
mortgage Trump ice Trump magazine Trump
steaks go Trump calm and of course the
New Jersey generals he's about to be
deposed for his involvement in the
alleged scam Trump University where
plaintiffs say they were defrauded out
of as much as 60 grand on the promise of
teaching how to get rich in real estate
then there's Trump Taj Mahal which
declared bankruptcy in Atlantic City in
1991 after racking up three billion
dollars in debt Trump had to give up
half his stake Trump's Plaza Hotel
declared bankruptcy in 1992 after
racking up five hundred and fifty
million dollars of debt he was
essentially ousted from management Trump
hotels and casinos resorts declared
bankruptcy in 2004 after racking up 1.8
billion dollars in debt Trump gave up
about half of his share in that company
Trump Entertainment Resorts declared
bankruptcy in 2009 when it missed a
fifty three million dollar interest
payment Trump had to resign as chairman
unfortunately America
declare bankruptcy and just fire Trump
if he fails as president but what about
Trump successes didn't he make his own
way well turns out that Trump's daddy
was a New York real estate tycoon who
owned the Donald $1,000,000 to get him
started about 6 million of today's
dollars that wasn't the only loan Trump
got from daddy either Trump later ran
his daddy's company when he started
running it in 1974 his share of the
company is reported to have been worth
about 40 million dollars in 1982 Forbes
estimated Trump was worth 200 million
dollars today they say he's worth
somewhere between three and four billion
dollars proof of his keen business
skills except it's actually less than he
would have made if he just liquidated
all that put all the money in the stock
market and hung out at the casinos strip
clubs instead of course Trump who
absolutely never ever exaggerated about
anything particularly his successes he
says he's worth nine billion dollars we
don't really know because Trump like
President Obama and Hillary Clinton
doesn't like to release his documents
the Donald still hasn't presented his
actual tax returns so his Trump a big
winner or is he a spoiled brat who grew
up in the lap of luxury had his daddy
sign his checks and then bragged about
how he is a huge winner Trump's three
biggest crowds are evangelicals
conservatives and he's a winner voters
Trump is lying to all of them stop
buying the lies
