we mustn't let another day go by without
discussing the truly big cultural news
of recent days Playboy magazine will no
longer feature the pictures of naked
women that used to be its trademark
Scott Flanders Playboy's chief executive
announced the decision to the New York
Times a former newspaper which had
recently made a similar decision to no
longer feature the naked truth that used
to be its trademark Flanders told the
Times playboy would stop publishing
nudes because quote and this is a real
quote the battle has been won you're now
one click away from every sex act
imaginable for free
wow thanks Playboy you know folks in the
same way it's easy to forget that our
forefathers when sacrificed and died so
that we can enjoy our constitutional
freedoms it sometimes also slips our
minds that the editors of Playboy
magazine once had to fight the good
fight so that we could one day come to
treat women like soulless objects with
no other reason for existing than to
take off their clothes on camera in
order to provide us an empty moment of
solitary physical pleasure you young
people out there may not realize this
but there was a time when a man had to
look a shopkeeper in the eye in order to
buy his pornography in those
unenlightened days you were made to feel
guilty and ashamed just because you were
debasing yourself and providing a market
for another human being sexual
degradation back then you couldn't just
take a photo of your girlfriend in an
intimate moment and then publish it
online for revenge after you broke up
you had to slink into a store and shell
out your hard-earned money and even then
you only got a picture of a perfect
stranger being cheap and disrespected
and humiliated see before playboy women
were culturally conditioned to feel
ashamed of reducing themselves to
meaningless eye candy they were
oppressed into believing sex should be
connected to affection and
responsibility so you had to be nice to
them and then if they decided you
weren't going to throw your whole life
away taking care of them and you know
talking to them and stuff they might not
do anything for you and you couldn't
just go off and lock yourself in a
bedroom with your computer if it weren't
for Playboy you'd have had to reconsider
your entire demeaning attitude toward
the opposite sex
and consider it from the poor woman's
perspective too in those pre playboy
days a girl might go to bed with a guy
one time and wake up to find herself
trapped in a lifelong relationship of
mutual care and goodwill soon they'd be
stuck at home with the meaningless
drudgery of turning helpless infants
into loved and joyful and responsible
adults instead of picking up easy cash
by flaunting their bodies for an aimless
drooling multitude so thank you playboy
you're right the battle is won your
efforts have helped to free us just a
little bit from the irritating burden of
treating one another like human beings
we salute you and say trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
fragment joke
