the black lives matter movement doesn't
believe black lives matter in fact they
are the single greatest threat facing
young black men who wants to survive to
become old black men so why have
Democrats embraced the black lives
matter movement the black lives matter
movement rose to prominence after the
fully justified killing of thug 18-year
old black man Michael Brown by white
officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson
Missouri
they claimed Wilson murdered Brown for
racist reasons that was totally false
but facts evidence these mean nothing to
the black lives matter movement and
their allies defending criminals and
rioters and lying about police that's
what matters to the black lives matter
movement so what do the black lives
matter folks want according to their
website they demand the quote immediate
arrest of officer Darren Wilson a man
that even the racist Eric Holder run
Justice Department acknowledged shot
Michael Brown in self-defense the black
lives matter movement they want to see
the creation of a quote national policy
specifically aimed at redressing the
systemic pattern of anti black law
enforcement violence in the United
States most importantly they want quote
to decrease law enforcement spending at
the local state and federal levels by
fighting the cops the black lives matter
movement and their Democratic allies get
black people killed the real threat to
young black men doesn't lie with white
police officers at all in reality cops
don't over arrest black crime victim
reports match arrests in terms of racial
data sentencing disparities among races
that's an effective prior criminal
history and other variables but not race
police actually hesitate more often in
violent confrontation with black
suspects than they shoot black suspects
less often than white suspects in
similar situations the real threat to
young black men lies with other young
black men black people generally are
almost eight times more likely to be
murdered than white people
according to statistician Nate Silver
murder is now the number one cause of
death for black males 15 to 34 and
virtually all of those murders are
committed by other young black men black
men represents approximately six percent
of Americans but nearly 40% of all
murder victims and perpetrators and it's
been that way for a century in the 1920s
one estimate put the black murder rate
at seven times that of
in 1950 the black murder rate was 12
times the murder rate of whites why the
disparity because for generations white
racist Democrats did not want to police
black communities Democrats threw black
men in jail for petty crimes against
whites but they did nothing when black
man murdered other black men the Radical
Republicans who wrote the Fourteenth
Amendment wrote the Equal Protection
Clause guaranteeing the equal protection
of the laws specifically to stop such
abuses John Bingham who largely wrote
the Equal Protection Clause he said he
wanted the Constitution to provide the
same right for blacks to quote full and
equal benefits of all laws and
proceedings for the security of persons
and property that obviously didn't
happen it didn't happen for the same
reason that segregated schools for
blacks were derelict racist white
Democrats wanted it that way
that was then today the people pushing
against police presence in the black
community are black racists like the
people who lead the black lives matter
movement and the Democrats they control
the truth is that black communities
desperately desperately need more law
enforcement they need basic rule of law
so the vacuum isn't filled by gangs only
the rule of law can create a safe space
for business investment which provides
jobs and economic growth that's why in
anarchic parts of the world places with
no rule of law like Afghanistan or the
Mexican border murder rates skyrocket as
LA Times reporter Jill levy writes quote
where the criminal justice system fails
to respond vigorously to violent injury
and death homicide becomes endemic
african-americans have suffered from
just such a lack of effective criminal
justice and this more than anything is
the reason for the nation's
long-standing plague of black homicides
of course while these modern black
racists are leading the charge to make
life worse for black Americans it's
still those same old white racist
Democrats who benefit from the
destruction white racists like Hillary
Clinton and Bernie Sanders who are happy
to watch black people die if it means
winning elections by race-baiting the
black lives matter movement does not
fight to save black lives rule of law
means safety for black Americans black
lives matter pushes lawlessness and the
Democratic Party beholden to its
divisive sponsors joins in the crusade
for chaos and leaves dead young black
in its wake
