this is really abhorrent we're talking
about that we're talking about people
personalities and politics which one of
us want to live in a nation where you
can do something at sixteen seventeen
remember we have juvenile court and
sealed records because we believe in
forgiveness and moving forward in your
life what you did when you were a
teenager even murder yeah isn't dragged
up unless you start murdering people
again yeah okay those records those
records get sealed do you want to live
in a country left right doesn't matter
who you voted for that says I'm one
person I have no evidence it's just my
word which one is either if you or me
which one has more political clout which
ones in the favorable the category of
the media backing right which one has
the media which one can tell a more
compelling story and your life will be
destroyed that's that's not that's
unamerican that's that's inhuman it
creates a completely perverse incentive
structure let's say that you're
incentive is that you actually want to
punish people for the bad things that
they do well normally what you would say
is somebody tries to rape you you go to
the police the police take care of it
the person goes to jail now the
incentive structure is such that you may
be better off not saying anything yeah
I'm not saying this is what happened
here the woman was like lying in wait or
anything but the incentive structure
that's now being created is if you
really want to destroy somebody's life
the best way to destroy somebody's life
if they do something bad to you when
they're 17 is to wait 30 years to find
out what they become and then say this
person did something bad to me and you
destroyed legitimately their entire life
it's a standards they're putting forward
they keep saying things well she's a
credible witness it's a credible story I
can be credible I've spent my life
making up fiction Tom Hanks is credible
fought World War two and you know we
should be careful about the idea that
we're nobody on the set is saying that
she's lying it's quite possible that
she's misremembering it's quite possible
that memories get vague or over time
it's possible that she met this guy once
and she doesn't actually remember who it
is but somebody said hey isn't that
Brett Kavanaugh she looked up at your
book photo and oh that looks like
that it's true right it's possible that
it's true all of these things are
possible the problem is it's our job as
a
to try and determine what we know to be
true and what we know to be false or
what we think is probably true or
probably Falls what you were saying
yesterday Glenn and there's no way to
determine probability based on this fact
pattern there's just no way to do it
