I've been a very vocal anti-feminist and
I can't help noticing that you're a girl
it's how you identifies ago and is is my
objectifying male gaze is that the
disturbing you I mean do you feel that
you are oppressed in any way as a woman
they know that being a woman has its
difficulties but I mean being a woman
has its difficulties being a man has its
difficulties being tall being short has
its difficulties I mean you ask the
gingers how they're doing they'll say
that they're often very impressed which
is I mean I perhaps have contributed to
that in some way but yeah I I don't feel
like being a woman is this huge thing
where you know everyone is out to pay me
less than they would a man or I don't
know sexually assault me dishes ly and
in a work context that's just not the
way that I feel what's so interesting is
that anytime where I have felt
uncomfortable being a female where like
I'm not safe or I am being objectified
it's been in the context of a liberal
progressive person or area really right
because you know I'm from a small town
I'm from the countryside I as a woman
can walk anywhere that I want and feel
safe you know all my my family friends
and everything we're all conservative so
the no one would ever dream of saying
something inappropriate everyone's like
very like proper and stuff but it's when
I'm in a place like LA where I feel I
feel uncomfortable actually one of my my
friends here we were supposed to meet
and they're like oh where you know where
where do you want to go and I was like
oh you're somewhere early quiet I don't
go to bars but they're like oh we have
this person who's playing you should
really calm and I was kind of like I
know but anyway we ended up going and
apparently it's like a known thing it's
this dive bar that's hipsterish but it's
called
no vacancy and so I show up alone to to
a parking lot that's dark and no one
else is there I go up to a weird quiet
room and I open the door to what I think
is the entrance of a bar and there's
just a woman in her underwear lying on
the bed it's apparently a gimmick that's
supposed to look like a brothel but as
someone who didn't know that it just
looks like
you know it does seem to me that women
suffer more from that kind of culture
than hair yes here and that's the thing
and so I freaked out and left and after
my friend was like oh no it is just a
gimmick come back and it's like even I
don't want to like I don't want to be at
that bar yeah so and that's just not
something that in my everyday life not
in LA that I encounter though but it's
funny the the moments where I am
uncomfortable come from the more liberal
progressive side you know I think so
much of there's so much of this stuff
I've heard of me to stuff it's all there
already I know I know and it's all from
people who were told that the old rules
didn't count anymore that the old morals
didn't matter and they could just kind
of do whatever they wanted I mean we saw
everyone was making fun of Mike Pence
when he said that he doesn't go to
dinner alone no one's making fun of Mike
Pence now is he's not gonna have any
meat two stories yeah yeah no it's
really straight what do you make of now
all this the idea that men and women are
actually not they don't exist that
they're not the only kinds of sexes
there are or what I mean it's weird
there's this dichotomy whereas men and
women aren't real gender is what you
feel it's anything and everything but
also the patriarchy and male oppression
is ingrained in our society it's like
how do you how do you reconcile both of
those things because either it's
immutable and doesn't matter we can
identify as whatever we want it's all
just a social construct or the men as a
group have been oppressing us women
right so like how do you what if what if
one of the males on a board I think it's
California recently passed that certain
number of shareholders or board members
need to be female what if one of those
men now decides to identify as a woman
as a woman what do you do with all your
diversity quotas that's it I didn't even
think of that that's a really good
problem it's internally inconsistent
that's great I did I somebody should do
that just for the fun of it just don't
get the lawsuit going that's really true
