you know we all know that our nation is
politically divided between
conservatives and blithering snowflakes
in the grip of an inchoate ideology that
serves as a mask for their
self-righteous emotionalism but when
someone tries to hijack our national
political conversation with violence all
Americans of goodwill come together to
blame the other side
police have intercepted several pipe
bombs that were mailed to such
high-profile far-left radicals as George
Soros Barack Obama and CNN the bombs
came with a return address of Democrat
congresswoman and general screechy pants
debbie Wasserman Schultz now of course
the police are searching for the culprit
but far be it from our elite political
commentators to wait around for some
working-class flatfoot to root out the
actual doer before they start
pontificating on how their political
opponents are in some way to blame
left-wing professor Ludwig von Oval for
instance took time off from teaching his
class on advanced progressive ideology
at Harvard to pen an essay for the
academic journal intellectual currents
which read in part quote orange man bad
orange man evil orange man come and
women weep and all the crops die racist
orange man racist Hitler man his woman
black his white white is bad anti-gay
racist orange man very white and bad
like Hitler whoa on the right there have
been several attempts to demonstrate
that the Bombers actually a left-winger
one random twitter guy whose handle his
one random twitter guy tweeted quote
such an obvious false flag the bomber is
clearly a leftist trying to seem like a
right winger so david brock can convince
jack dorsey to shut down conservative
Twitter accounts unquote one random
Twitter guy then pulled off his full
face mask to reveal he actually was
David Brock pretending to be a
right-wing twitter guy so he could
convince Jack Dorsey to shut down
conservative Twitter accounts meanwhile
and all the confusion debbie Wasserman
Schultz has escaped
I'm Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
okay we have the smart and beautiful
roaming millennial here she's gonna talk
to us in the second half of the show she
may want megyn kelly spot megyn kelly
was it has now been canned I'm sure
they're pretending it was about that
thing the blackface thing does but it
was because her ratings aren't any good
she's gonna walk away with tens of
millions of dollars I'm not sorry but I
am so sick I am so sick of the apology
game I really am I'm so sick of the left
declaring what we can and can't say and
what it's a teachable moment because we
all have to be taught to think what they
think and say what they say I think it's
rotten and I think it's rotten that they
pretended to fire her for that when
obviously that's not what it's all about
but now roaming yeah I'm sure they'll be
looking for a beautiful young
conservative woman the filler spot
hahaha nice it makes high-end kitchen
knives that are comparable to one
hundred and fifty dollar knives but they
sell them directly to you for a fraction
of the price let me tell you I am NOT a
big cook but I love the right tools I
really love having the right tools and I
can fix almost anything if I have the
right tools and when I do cook because I
make my own lunch and I make omelets and
stuff like that
I love these knives they are so good
everybody who's come to the house and
use them as immediately comment on them
hey great knife and just like any other
job having the right tools can make all
the difference
giant knife sets can be a waste of space
in your kitchen and money in your wallet
the Me's and knife can replace 99% of
what all knives and your big stand set
can do the New York Times calls it the
only grail of knives the holy grail of
knowledge and if you get free sharpening
for life and I've tried this I really
like it cooking is faster easier
actually more fun with it and now you
can also join in the fun in your kitchen
my listeners will receive a free paring
knife which I also got which is also
terrific when you purchase their chef's
knife
simply by going to me Simcoe slash
Andrew that's a $35 value for free
that's Mis en dot CE o / Andrew and
start cooking sharp get it cooking all
right you know every every civilization
has basic stories that are the prop of
the civilization are as obviously it
would include the signing of the
Constitution the signing of the
Declaration the you know Jesus's
resurrection all these things that are
our basic stories and of course one that
I tell frequently is the one about
Socrates when his friend went the
obviously the Greek philosopher his
friend went to the Oracle at Delphi and
asked is there any man wiser than
socrates is anyone wiser than socrates
in the Oracle at Delphi said no and
Socrates was baffled because he knew he
knew nothing and he went around town
Athens asking all the famous people that
the politicians and the artists and
everybody asking them questions and he
realized oh I get it
they don't know anything either the
difference between them and me is I know
I know nothing and that's what makes him
the wisest man in the world he was the
wisest man in the world because he knew
he knew nothing and that tells you
something that informs you about
something that not only what wisdom is
partially made of is the knowledge of
how little you know but it how rare it
is that everybody else thought they knew
and that is why when I see this thing
with this Ballmer story I see it
unraveling and people sending out their
lists on Twitter you know of all the
thirteen reasons why it's a false flag
or the 15 reasons why it's Donald
Trump's fault and it's this and it's
that you don't know the guy who is going
to know and he was going to tell you the
guy was going to make you know his first
name is going to be detective or maybe
agent if he works for the FBI that's
who's gonna figure it out and it's these
are the guys we're gonna figure out it's
not gonna be you know Anderson Cooper
it's not gonna be some random guy on
Twitter that's what yeah
that's the person who's gonna tell us
about the bomber so we don't know that
yet I think it's we're gonna find out
soon because it sounded to me like they
had a lot of evidence I hope so I think
the guy should be put away obviously a
terrorist
matter who he's working for so all were
yelling about in the aftermath of these
bombs showing up at left-wing places
about Nia Barack Obama CNN John Brennan
I guess it was directed to it saying
that it was a little joke at the radical
left wingers like CNN but but all we're
really talking about is our discourse
we're talking when Maurice when we
scream and yell at each other in the
wake of one of these bombings we're
talking about aren't violent discourse
are angry discourse and who's to blame
for it and let me tell you who it is
it's the media Donald Trump is blaming
the media and the media is going nuts
because they say oh no it's all Donald
Trump it's all Donald Trump's fault he's
so mean he says such mean things he
calls us the enemies of the people
who do you think is to blame for this as
if as if Donald Trump dropped out of the
sky into paradise right we were all
sitting around we all loved each other
so much and then Donald orange man came
from Sky and appeared and suddenly
everyone angry I mean as if as if are
you kidding me are you kidding me it's
amazing to me that these clowns these
media clowns don't know it's them that
they don't know what they've been doing
for the past I don't know how long it's
been 30 years but everyone they disagree
with is a racist that every single thing
you know we say someone who's not one of
them not a liberal not a left-winger is
like you know you know what they remind
me of they were they keep calling us
racist sexist homophobic your culture is
bad your your religion is lousy anybody
who believes in your religion stinks or
we're changing the rules today now
homosexual I'll homosexuality is fine
and if you don't think so you're a hater
and now we're changing the rules and men
can be women and women can be men we
have it was in New York Times science
section ran a think saying that men or
women and women are men in the hall all
this nonsense and if you don't believe
that you're a hater don't believe that
the government should take over all of
our energy because we're panicked about
the climate change oh my god its climate
denial just like the people who deny the
Holocaust they yell at you they yell at
you they yell at you suddenly say oh
yeah here's Donald Trump and it's like
oh what what was that what where did
that come from where did that go you
know they remind me of that little kid
who hits his brother his older bro
and he keeps smacking his older brother
and his older brother keeps saying we
just stop would you stop would you stop
finally after being punched like a you
know 20 minutes the older brother turns
around just smacks him and because you
hit me you hit me it's a you said donald
trump and now he's mean so all of this
as far as the networks are concerned
it's and and all of the news people
bombs showing up they don't know who it
is they don't know if it's a false flag
they don't know just like i don't know
they don't know if it's a left-winger
they don't know if it's a right-winger
they don't know what it is but they know
one thing Donald Trump is to blame here
is just you're it's only two networks
it's only ABC and NBC because CBS is
actually better than these guys not
totally good but much better than these
two so here's a little montage from our
friends at News Buster's we heard the
president obviously called for unity
today calling the pipe bombs abhorrent
but it's going to lead to questions
about the rhetoric as I mentioned we've
been hearing in the country for some
time now David and the White House is
already facing those questions here
tonight and again that is because of
what happened today all of the targets
are people that the president regularly
attacks himself now there is discussion
among some sources about whether he
might want to tone it down in the wake
of what happened today but all of the
consensus says that no one speaks for
Donald Trump except Donald Trump himself
the question now with less than two
weeks to go in these midterms will he
take his own advice and heed this call
for unity tonight while the FBI hunts
down whoever sent these bombs and their
motives remain unknown no matter who
sent them there are growing calls to
turn down the heated political rhetoric
before someone gets hurt the head of CNN
Jeff Zucker blasting the White House and
a president late today while there are
no answers yet on what led to today's
incidents President Trump has the
biggest megaphone and there are growing
questions about how he is using it you
know I want to talk for a minute about
this word unity we're calling for unity
Donald Trump yesterday called for unity
you need unity why should we have unity
we don't agree on anything why should we
have unity we don't have to have unity
we just have to have unity on one thing
that we're allowed to disagree and we
should be treated fairly as we disagree
that's the only thing we have to be
unified about the only thing we have to
be unified about is that this is a
police or political conversations they
get passionate but we're not going to
attack each other physically we're not
going to call
each other names we're not going to be
rude and uncivil that's the only thing
we need unity about I don't want
everybody to come together I hate when
they talk about bipartisanship how can I
be bipartisan with somebody I disagree
with we can compromise with each other
we can come through agreements we can
make political arrangements that we have
to make because people have power and we
you know we have power and they have
power all that's fine the only thing we
have to have unity about is that we're
not gonna kill each other so who is it
again who's chasing people out of
restaurants who is it that's been you
know
Donald Trump was not president when ben
shapiro was fighting off like mobs of
people trying to keep him from speaking
on college campuses donald trump there
was no donald trump then you know i mean
they they weren't that that happened
before donald trump and by the way and
it was happening to other people too it
was happening to anybody in any class
who stood up himself
who said what he had to say so all of
that stuff predated donald trump and
were there any can you name any
conservative who shut down a left winger
who told the left winger he couldn't
speak you can't you know i i'm even
wondering i don't want to get into
conspiracy i know there are bad people
on both sides and that's that goes
without question but that thing where
they were shouting at the nancy pelosi
the other day and i said well that's
wrong too
i don't even know if that was truly
right wingers because the one thing I do
know is nobody on the right including
Donald Trump is saying to people go to
restaurants don't get in their faces get
in their faces nobody you know when we
talk about what you don't know I told
that story about what you don't know
when Brett Kavanaugh was accused I said
like look you don't know if you don't
know you don't know and who is it there
again who is it who says when you don't
like the Supreme Court justice accuses
them of sexual malfeasance not just him
but Clarence Thomas not just Cavanaugh
but Clarence Thomas and what did they
accuse Robert Bork of smoking dope you
know he said I smoked up and he said
well we can't have a Supreme Court
Justice who breaks the law hey you know
this is the last week to get the genu
cell sunspot corrector for free for
sunspots age spots and even red inflamed
patches this could be yours for free
with the purchase of Gen you sell the
brand new gen you sell sun spot
corrector boats outs
reviews and you know I've been I've been
playing with this stuff too and it
really does it kind of erases all these
things that pop up when you get older
maybe some just you've been out in the
Sun too much and they really it really
worked well this is the last week you
can get this sunspot miracle free time
is running out to take advantage of this
offer watch your sunspots vanish and
your bags and puffiness under your eyes
it's just gonna suck some out of there
somehow for results in as little as 12
hours the genja cell immediate effects
is also yours free here's how you get it
you text eyes one two seven seven four
five three
that's a ye-es number one two seven
seven four five three to get the genu
cell sunspot correct or free with your
order don't miss out
order now and as a bonus receipt receive
chemin ease luxury microdermabrasion
also free I'm always so proud of myself
and I actually say that you know it's a
hard word order Jenny sell today just
text eyes one two seven seven four five
three ey es number one two seven seven
four five three and get the genius el
Sun spot corrector free with your order
so let's listen to what Trump said at
one of his rallies at after the bomb
showed up because it it really is it's
interesting listen carefully to what he
says because every word here is true and
that's why the media went nuts okay
listen listen destructive routine these
are arguments and disagreements that
have to stop
no one should carelessly compare
political opponents to historical
villains which is done often done all
the time got a stop
we should not mob people in public
spaces or destroy public property
there is one way to settle our
disagreements it's called peacefully at
the ballot box that's what we want
as part of a larger national effort to
bridge our divides and bring people
together the media also has a
responsibility to set a civil tone and
to stop the endless hostility and
constant negative and oftentimes false
attacks and stories have to do so this
drove the media nuts why because it's
true there's nothing nothing that sets
off the left like the truth nothing
makes them crazier than the truth in May
it's like watching it's like watching
bugs run around in a box I mean it's
just that minute they hear the truth
they do not know where to go next and of
course and when he talks about he talks
about putting politics in this moral
framework who does that who does that
I mean who says if you don't believe
this you are a bad person it's not us
what we say to the left is that you're
idiots and they are they're knuckleheads
your stuff doesn't work it's not right
it's not moral it's not just it's not
achieving what you want to achieve
sometimes sometimes we want to achieve
the same thing often we want to achieve
the same thing I'd like to make sure
that everybody feels comfortable in
America that everybody's fine
everybody's happy short I don't think
identity politics doesn't I think it is
a travesty I think it's a monstrosity
things racism it's racism with a smiley
face but listen I mean the thing that
baffles me with the press it really does
because these are intelligent people
these aren't stupid people you know I
mean Anderson Cooper's not a dumb guy
that's not what it is it's that they are
just surrounded by themselves they're
like that thing that new meme that they
have the non-playable character I love
that that's right you know in video
games they have characters who don't get
playing there's just kind of faceless
characters so that's what they call the
right now these NPCs and that's what it
is they're surrounded by these NPCs who
agree with them so there's no one there
to say you know calling someone racist
is hate speech calling someone racist is
the worst thing you can say to someone
in America and when someone agrees
disagrees with you and you have you know
Jim look at me I'm Jim Acosta saying oh
yeah he said he's internationalist
because he cares about this country but
really he's a white nationalist so he's
a racist every word they do that with
every word you're the one who is
starting the fight when somebody then
smacks you you can't just go oh you hit
me because you hit him first so listen
to Anderson Cooper off I'll talk about
this
there's Anderson Cooper talking to Jeff
Zeleny about that speech what you just
heard was in a trump a former Secretary
of State and two ex presidents are in
his words merely former high-ranking
government officials he gave no names
nothing to indicate he sees them as
individual human beings and
distinguished former public servants as
two former presidents of the United
States he also made what appears to be a
first attempt at something familiar
putting the perpetrator and victim on
equal footing he also made no mention
either of the bomb sent to the offices
right behind me here at CNN Anderson he
also did not take responsibility at all
for any of the heated rhetoric tonight
you could hear him sort of spreading
around the blame you know it's not his
fault it's yours it's your fault it is
your fault it is and Anderson Cooper the
guy who called remember when the tea
party started and he branded them tea
baggers you know some stupid sex thing
he did with his boyfriend and he called
them tea baggers because they're
ordinary people rising up against Barack
Obama how is that how is that not the
same rhetoric how is that not the same
rhetoric Donald Trump is the man the
American people sent to answer them to
answer them his harsh nasty way of
talking resonates with those people
because they've been listening to it
from you Anderson Cooper for 30 years
that's why that's why they said him and
as for Rogers Eleni he is Jeff Zeleny he
is the perfect example of the other side
of this because it's not just what they
say it's also what they don't say let us
forget those were my favorite clips of
all in all of journalism this is the
young Jeff Zeleny as New York Times a
White House reporter before he was
replaced by Clinton hanger on Maggie
Haberman
this is him asking the tough questions
of President Barack Obama listen to this
stuff during these first 100 days what
has surprised you the most about this
office enchanted you the most about
serving in this office humbled you the
most and troubled you the most now let
me read this now
what has enchanted first hundred days
three months of her presidency that was
his question what has enchanted he how
come he hasn't asked Donald Trump that
hey Donald hey president de Donald
what's enchanted you about the
presidency you know this is the other
side of this it is not just what they
say it's what they don't say it's eight
years eight years of lying about Barack
Obama about his competence about the way
he ran the government about the scandals
that went uncovered and unreported and
unported say they were happening but
they wouldn't run them down the way they
have run down this Russia scandal which
doesn't exist which clearly is a fantasy
you know that you know robert muller is
doing the right thing by not coming out
with his report until after the election
that's the right thing to do but when
they come out remember being a leftist
means you never have to say you're sorry
you never have to go on like megyn kelly
and say Oh boohoo I'm sorry and they get
fired the next day because no apology is
is enough you never have to say it they
never have to say we're sorry we
supported Bill Clinton when he was
accused of rape in a plausible way they
never have to say it until you know Bill
Clinton's out of power and then it
doesn't matter whether they say it then
they can say it you never have to say oh
yeah for eight years we didn't cover the
IRS scandal we didn't cover the real
Fast & Furious scandal we didn't cover
the fact that your State Department lied
and when the this Russian thing turns
out to be a bust which he certainly will
are they gonna start to say wow maybe we
should cover this you know a spy gate
thing maybe we should cut you know cover
well whoa
why was Obama investigating putting
planting people in the Trump campaign
what was that about you never have to
say it why because these clowns don't do
their job and if you know you know if
you want to hear the media at work all
right the New York Times a former
newspaper in their famous book review
over the weekend they went out and
solicited crime novelists to write what
was going to happen next to Donald Trump
now the crime novelist right they're
immediately gonna go to crime but I'll
tell you a crime novelist that they
didn't contact this guy they didn't
contact this guy I don't know why you
know I got all the Edgar's I got all the
rewards I've got me you know books that
have been made into movies bestsellers
they didn't call me I wonder why I
wonder why they didn't call me
you know maybe they didn't want to hear
about how you know blithering
prevarication the third was gonna get
back Tovar by a cement truck no instead
they got a lady named Zoe sharp a crime
novelist named Zoe sharp and she
literally write us writes a story in
which Donald Trump is assassinated so in
the pages of the New York Times Book
Review there is a lady fantasizing in
print about Donald Trump being
assassinated so here it is it's the
Russian of course the evil Russian that
he's been colluding with is now sent to
get rid of him right and the Russian
waited and until Donald Trump was a few
step and go a few steps past him before
he drew the gun I'm reading her words
now right he sighted on the center of
the president's back and squeezed the
trigger the Makarov pistol misfired the
secret serve an agent service agent at
the president's shoulder heard the click
spun into a crouch he registered the
scene instantly drawing his own weapon
with razor edge reflexes the Russian
tasted failure he closed his eyes and
waited to pay the cost it did not come
he opened his eyes the Secret Service
agent stood before him presenting his
Glock but first here the agent said
politely use mine
your media at work ladies and gentlemen
fantasy I mean it's disgusting
fantasizing in the pages of the book
review about murdering the President of
the United States but it's his fault
it's his fault the writer and this is
the other thing again they act it's all
different now because of Donald Trump
they act as if they didn't imagine
george w bush being assassinated they
did they did there were artwork movies
all kinds of things pictures you know it
sent out a imagining george w bush who
also remember was literally hitler if
there gets around hitler you know for a
dead guy hitler must have a lot of
energy because he is just getting
elected president every other couple of
years you know george w bush literally
hitler mitt romney a murderer a dog
torturing you know gay bashing murderer
i'm a mit romney a guy who'd never done
anything but show up with people at
people's houses with soup you know i
mean this is the guy and they have been
doing it all this time but now suddenly
suddenly it's donald trump's fault
suddenly it's because you never have to
say you're sorry here's another piece in
the new york times they have this thing
called I think it's called a stone
the rock is their philosophy section
with very deep all man is this so deep
it's like it's like that opening I did
about your orange man bad judgment evil
here's a guy named George Yancy he's a
professor of philosophy at Emory
University hashtag I am sexist okay this
is unbelievable I'm just talking about
hatred we're just talking about ginning
up hatred if you are a woman reading
this I have failed you he says through
my silence and an unintelligent I have
failed you I have helped them continue
to help perpetuate sexism is it really
it's like the Stalin show Trump I know
about how we hold on to forms of power
that dehumanize you only to elevate our
sense of masculinity I recognize my
silence as an act of violence and you
know when people commit acts of violence
you have a right to strike back right so
he's recognizing just being a man just
being a man is an act of violence for
this I sincerely apologize sorry you
know
nope I'm sorry professor Yancey no
apology is enough you have to get on the
megyn kelly train out of town all right
let a listen I speak as an insider in
other words he's a man I know about what
so many of us men think about women the
language we use the sense of power that
we'd garner through our sexual exploits
are kept calling and threatening first
of all sure professor what's-his-name is
out catcalling and threatening people
are sexually objectifying gazes even
when you look at a pretty girl even when
you look at a pretty girl you are
committing an act of violence
I do humanizing and despicable sexual
gestures and get this one folks
our pornographic imaginations are you
having a sexual fantasy you are
committing an act of sexist violence
just being a man this is not simply
locker room banter yeah well yeah it is
that's what he's describing right if at
a public display of unchecked bravado
for which we often feel no shame well he
wants to put an end to that right this
is your media you stink and you know
this is your loving caring compassionate
media of course they're to blame of
course they're to blame it's the New
York Times they used to be a newspaper
of course
better blame for the rhetoric they've
been doing this for decades now you
stink because you're a man you stink
because you're white you stink because
you're American you stink because you're
Christian and you send Donald Trump is
oh you hit me you bet we did you bet we
didn't you're gonna get a lot more of it
there's more to come
you know Ally Beth Stuckey who I had the
pleasure of meeting we were doing Ben's
Sunday show on Fox and she told me out
you know very impressed she's very
intelligent young lady and I was very
impressed with her and then as we were
walking out she told me that she
sometimes writes for the Babylon bee
which has become as I keep joking the
second best source of political satire
in America it really has become
excellent she put out her own Democrat
campaign video where she just basically
is it pretends to be a Democrat and she
speaks the quiet parts out loud go find
it cuz it's really funny but we'll just
play a minute of it here Democrats are
the party of equality so much so that we
insist upon unconditionally believing
women and disbelieving men because while
feminism if you ask us who explained
this logically we will scream in your
face and call you misogynist Republicans
want to take away a woman's sacred right
to choose to have her child decapitated
inside the womb and torn apart limb by
limb with forceps Democrats celebrate
the right to violently murder your child
because we're compassionate Democrats
believe that women are powerful and
independent they are also helpless
victims of the patriarchy who require
government intervention to succeed
any woman who disagrees with us on this
is a self-hating stupid bimbo and you
know it's time someone was finally brave
enough to say this Republicans are
racist Democrats have the same positive
message for minorities that we have for
women you're a victim and you're useful
to us if you disagree we'll insult your
intelligence but it's for your own good
watch the whole thing that's that is the
rhetoric that started it all that is
where it comes from that's who they are
that's who the media is they got no one
there's no one in there on their staff
no one have power on their staff who
represents the rest of us they only
represent themselves they have been
cursing us
everything we love cursing everything we
hold dear our Bibles and our guns the
whole thing they've been doing it for
years and years and years and now
they're getting some of it back and they
don't like it congratulations too bad we
got roaming Millenial coming up we're
going to stay on here so you can watch
but that's no reason not to subscribe in
fact it's all the more reason you should
feel guilty and subscribe you subscribe
for it's a lousy ten bucks a month for a
hundred bucks a year you get the entire
year and the leftist ears tumblr
subscription gets you another Kingdom
which is coming the new one Episode four
I guess will be available tomorrow for
everybody is that right yes I'm losing
track a little bit but episode before
they're only ten episodes of this one so
episode four will be available for
everyone tomorrow Monday episode five
will be available for subscribers
subscribers get the shows they can watch
everything here they can ask questions
on all our shows through the mail bag or
just when you know when we're on live
you can sometimes send us in questions
but we will take a break for a minute
and then we will have orange and Roman
millennial alright roaming millennial
you know is the star of her own popular
YouTube channel and now the host of see
our TVs roaming millennial uncensored
where she discusses stories not covered
anywhere else at the intersection of
culture and politics of orange and it's
so nice to see you it's a real pleasure
your your down from Canada right you are
a Canadian yes I have made the very long
trek down here too I guess
Southern California and you know what
I'm loving the weather but I don't know
how you people in LA do it I mean the
traffic everything's expensive just gosh
it's it's a tough city
it is a tough city to love I gotta say
you know the weather as you say the
weather is beautiful there a place where
you can see they've get beautiful views
but it's a tough town to love I guess
yeah I mean just from the airport
woo-wee it was busy took a while to find
an uber I was on the phone with a guy
trying to find him and someone else
jumps into my uber it's like yeah I'm
Lauren you can go now and I'm on the
other my like no it's not me she's
trying to
Wow checking out of our hotel someone
had just put a random charge on my room
they spent like 70 bucks at the hotel
bar and I guess I just assigned a random
new room number and it's like welcome to
open glory so how does a Canadian I
think of Canada now as basically like
just one faceless mass of liberals how
does a Canadian become a conservative
well it's interesting because I I was
born in Canada but I didn't grow up in
Canada I grew up in Hong Kong and
growing up my parents are very
apolitical I mean of course the
political scene in Hong Kong is
different than here but um I guess I
became conservative socially just
because my parents were conservative
socially means they're kind of things
now where even just the way parent or
kids talk to their parents or I would
never dream of it when I was a child
that's just who I was brought up and
then I got interested in politics just
sort of happenstance and for a while is
a huge Michael Moore fan but that when
he was doing things like criticizing the
Iraq war and stuff which I don't even
necessarily see as a partisan issue
anymore
and when I started getting interested in
politics just I guess the social
conservatism that I was used to growing
up things like individual responsibility
things like that translated to political
conservatism as well and I mean Hong
Kong has like 15 percent flat tax is
very economically free yeah
politically it's a different story but
you know that's kind of the I guess the
perspective that I was coming in from so
um was you know what tween when I moved
back to Canada maybe 11 and I've only
ever lived in Canada about for about six
years now since I've spent almost as
much time in the States I have as I have
Canada and I've got to say I just avoid
political conversations one me Canada I
just I tell them I do makeup on YouTube
like I've noticed I mean the Canadians
are completely clueless about every a
you know they just they just love their
their health care yeah and they think
it's wonderful and then they have to
wait on life you have to wait for two
years and what's funny is that Canadians
if you ask a Canadian like what do you
think of the health care they'll go oh I
hate the wait times we don't have any
doctors I don't have a family doctor
right now cuz mine retired and
there's wait waste lists for anyone so
we we love complaining about our
healthcare but then when someone says
like oh the stage they're like how had
their awful health care it's like look
at the point of national pride to just
crap on the American healthcare system
but I mean that's not to say ours is any
better right now although it's different
province by province maybe it's better
in other places but I can tell you for
sure that Quebec and Ontario it's it's
not doing very well it's not doing yeah
of course it always breaks down right so
you say that you're talking about the
intersection of culture and politics
which is what I like to talk about too
what are the kinds of things that
motivate you what do you what do you
what really gets you upset or what
really gets you going and makes you want
to talk well I think a lot of people who
are interested in this kind of thing now
my sure showed they're people who may
not even consider themselves politically
active or interested but it's sort of
the the people who want to shove a
certain lifestyle a point of view they
came to them and they made it impossible
to ignore culture in politics Ryan we
see this with the number of young people
who are now interested in these issues
because they're trying to come after
their games their video games right they
were seeing it in their movies their TV
shows right now everything is about
progressive leftism you can't escape it
and I think that's it's sad because I
would love to live in a world where not
everything is politicized but it's also
in a way good because it's waking people
up to these issues which have been
around for a long time but they're now I
think coming more to a head interesting
I mean I you know I've been a very vocal
anti-feminist and I can't help noticing
that you're a girl it's how you
identifies ago and is is my objectifying
male gaze is that the disturbing you I
mean do you feel that you are oppressed
in any way as a woman I think I know
that being a woman has its difficulties
but I mean being a woman has its
difficulties being a man has its
difficulties being tala being short has
its difficulties I mean you ask the
gingers how they're doing they'll say
that they're often very impressed which
is I mean I perhaps have contributed to
that in some way but yeah I I don't feel
like being a woman is this huge thing
where you know everyone is out to pay me
less than they would a man or I don't
know sexually assault me dishes ly and
in a work context that's just not the
way that I feel
so interesting is that anytime where I
have felt uncomfortable being a female
we're like I'm not safe or I am being
objectified it's been in the context of
a liberal progressive person or area
really right because you know I'm from a
small town I'm from the countryside I as
a woman can walk anywhere that I want
and feel safe you know all my my family
friends and everything we're all
conservative so the ever no one would
ever dream of saying something
inappropriate everyone's like very like
proper and stuff but it's when I'm in a
place like LA where I feel I feel
uncomfortable actually one of my my
friends here we were supposed to meet
and they're like oh where you know where
where do you want to go and I was like
oh you're somewhere early quiet I don't
go to bars but they're like oh we have
this person who's playing you should
really calm and I was kind of like I
know but anyway we ended up going and
apparently it's like a known thing it's
this dive bar that's hipsterish but it's
called no vacancy and so I show up alone
to to a parking lot that's dark and no
one else is there I go up to a weird
quiet room and I opened the door to what
I think is the entrance of a bar and
there's just a woman in her underwear
lying on the bed it's barely a gimmick
that's supposed to look like a brothel
but it's someone who didn't know that it
just looks like you know it does seem to
me that women suffer more from that kind
of culture of the hair yes here and
that's the thing and so I freaked out
and left and after my friend was like oh
no it is just a gimmick come back and
it's like even then I don't want to like
I don't want to be at that bar yeah so
and that's just not something that in my
everyday life not in LA that I encounter
though but it's funny the the moments
where I am uncomfortable come from the
more liberal progressive side you know I
think so much of there's so much of this
stuff I've heard the me to stuff it's
all there already I know and it's all
from people who were told that the old
rules didn't count anymore that the old
morals didn't matter and they could just
kind of do whatever they wanted I mean
we saw everyone was making fun of my
pence when he said that he doesn't go to
dinner alone no one's making fun of Mike
Pence now he's not gonna have any meat
two stories yeah yeah no it's really
straight what do you make of now all
this the idea that men and women are
actually not they don't exist
the only kinds of sexes there are or
what I mean it's weird there's this
dichotomy whereas men and women aren't
real gender is what you feel it's
anything and everything but also the
patriarchy and male oppression is
ingrained in our society it's like how
do you how do you reconcile both of
those things because either it's
immutable and doesn't matter we can
identify as whatever we want it's all
just a social construct or the men as a
group have been oppressing us women
right so like how do you what if what if
one of the males on a board I think it's
California recently passed that certain
number of shareholders or board members
named be female what if one of those men
now decides to identify as a woman as a
woman what do you do with all of your
diversity quotas wait that's it I didn't
even think of that that's a really good
point it's internally inconsistent
that's great I I somebody should do that
just for the fun of it let's go get the
lawsuit going that's really true you
outed yourself I don't know about six
months a year ago as a Christian yes no
in your audience which is obviously
going to be a young audience is that
does that make you a real outsider yes
and especially I mean I'm on CR TV now
which is amazing but I have noticed
there is a difference between sort of
the see our TV audience and the general
YouTube audience that I have the general
YouTube audience that I have is there I
would say majority not Christians not um
so that's really interesting for me and
especially on the show we've started to
talk more and more about Christianity
Michael Knowles when I had him on we
discussed just entirely Christianity and
that's something that I'm as I get older
the more I see that if we each had our
own lives in check maybe all this
political stuff wouldn't matter so much
I'll be focusing more and stuff like
Christianity that seed is more important
but I do notice that you know in the
YouTube setting I'm one of the only
people who were who's talking about
something like Christianity when it
comes to social issues or political
issues and I recently went to this big
YouTube convention of speakers who
talked about politics on YouTube I was
literally the only Christian I'm sorry
me and my fiance
we're the only Christian so it's a
strange situation to be in that that do
you get a lot do you get a lot of hate
or just disagreement I mean there's I
think for the most part it's mainly just
disagreement people who are like they
disagree with me and that's
fine would love to be able to talk to
them about it because I didn't start out
as a Christian I was kind of raised
Christmas Easter Catholic but then went
through my angsty atheist period and
then didn't become born-again until
later
I'm sorry I would love to talk to them
about it most people are respectful but
you do have like the fedora tipping
atheists it's like I don't know but did
you know that that Christmas was
actually pagan it's like oh really tell
me more about this I hadn't heard of the
entire course I'm like history of
Christianity and yeah is there anything
I
last questions one is is there anything
that feminism offers you that simple
freedom doesn't offer you know and
that's I mean not that I can think of
right now and actually the the funny
thing is that when it comes to things
like feminism to me I appreciate freedom
very much so but that's not exclusive to
feminists and I think it's actually the
antithesis of feminism currently but I I
think our our culture when it comes to
gender relations needs to focus a little
bit less on freedom when we're about
working together right I mean because so
much of feminism and I was like you
don't have to have a husband you don't
have to have children like you were free
not to do that it's like you should be
free not to do that but maybe you still
should focus a little bit more on that
which maybe isn't conducive to social
liberalism but it's what makes people
happy it's what makes women most happy
statistically yeah I can't help noticing
that I know yeah so my last question is
there anything about Canada that is
better than here you're allowed to say
I'm in LA right now so I'm just trying
to like LA we don't have the crime that
you do yeah anywhere it is not even in
the big city I mean I I you know I'm not
from Toronto I don't yeah I avoided at
all cost same thing with Vancouver but
just yeah all in all Canada's is safer
than the US just at the aggregate which
is nice of course we don't have the you
know the immigration and demographic
issues that you do know it's funny
everybody talks about how nice Canadians
are but that's because they're on the
coast once you move out once you move
off the coast Americans are the nicest
people in the world yeah I know that
that's absolutely true actually
my fiance and I were commenting on how
much nicer Americans are than where we
live in Quebec where they're like
French Canadians so they're only they're
not the nicest people that's where
hiromi millennial congratulations on
your show and I appreciate your coming
on I'll talk to you again for sure thank
you so much that stuff I like
that was great I want them to play
whenever I walk into a room you know and
I was actually terrific though so we're
coming up to the Halloween I think this
would probably be that in my last
Halloween stuff I like I can't remember
what it must be six days well that's so
so this is probably my last Halloween
stuff I like to get you away to wean you
from this horrible stuff like Halloween
movies like you know people ripping each
other to shreds and gutting each other
but the only thing that's scary let me
suggest one of the great ghost story
writers EF Benson like all great ghost
story writers he was born in like 1867
so he was in that period the pinnacle of
of ghost stories the great british ghost
stories like almost all male ghost story
writers he was gay I have no idea what
that's about like musical comedy you
know some things for some reason
gay guys have the absolute superpower
when it comes to writing ghost stories
his most famous story is called the bus
conductor and the minute you read it
you'll think oh you'll say oh I thought
that was an urban folktale it's the one
where the guy wants to get on the bus
and the bus conductor says I have room
for one more it's been made into a
Twilight Zone episode has been made into
everything but then what the story you
should look up and you can get it online
it's called room in the tower by EF
Benson really spooky the first two or
three pages are some of the spookiest
stuff I've ever read and then then go
get the movie dead of night 1945 from
Ealing studios in Britain it is an
anthology store anthology film of ghost
stories and it's just it's it's terrific
it's not my favorite my favorite movies
ghost story movies are the haunting and
the innocence but this has some great
stuff in it including a story called I
think it's called the hearse that I read
oh no it's called something like that
it's it's anyway it's an adaptation of
the bus conductor by EF Benson so what
they're all famous ghost stories but
they're retold in another way dead of
night really good so here's the thing I
am going I got to go to New York and I'm
gonna come back here on Mondays but my
first show will be on Tuesday so I'll go
from Tuesday to Friday instead of Monday
to Thursday be a slightly longer Clavin
this weekend I know so god only knows
what catastrophes will befall you but
you will have another king
to keep you warm and survivors can
gather here on Tuesday on Andrew Klavan
this is the Andrew Clavin show the
Andrew Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
technical producer Austen Stevens edited
by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by Mike
Carmina hair and makeup is by Jesuit
vera and our animations are by Cynthia
Angulo and Jacob Jackson the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
