alright let's go and check on the latest
madness in the public school system
shall we always a fun topic I point you
to an article in The Daily wire
yesterday headline is drag queen jessica
lahore visits middle school after
backlash school issues partial apology
and the article says in part after
backlash from the community a school
district in Colorado has apologized to
parents for not notifying them in
advance that a drag queen who goes by
the name of Jessica Lahore visited the
school for career day the district said
it would not apologize however for
inviting the drag queen to talk to the
middle schoolers a decision the school
made in the name of inclusiveness and
diversity Adams 12 5 star school
district admitted that a spokesperson
for the schools admitted that the staff
of Rocky Top middle school should have
notified parents in advance about what
they knew would be a controversial event
which is the visitation of Jessica
Lahore who dressed which is not his
Christian name I assume who dressed in
drag he spoke to four different classes
of six to eighth graders write a book on
bullying and answers answered questions
about negativity and hate Lahore said
that he spoke to a bunch of classes they
asked great questions he also said this
he said there were a lot of kids
interested in how I could have the
confidence to go out looking the way
that I look which his um I hate to tell
you mr. Lahore I I don't I think that
may have been a bit of a backhanded
compliment when you go to somebody who
say what do you think of my outfit and
they say I mean it looks like you got a
lot of confidence dressing like that I
don't think that's a compliment this is
what I'm trying to tell you Lahore
dresses as a woman professionally a day
job that the drag queen says involves
traveling around the country working six
days a week the spokes the spokesman for
the school district said that parents
should have known in advance who was
going to be speaking and that didn't
happen in this particular situation
parents just needed to have more info
and context about what was going to be
talked about and some background on this
individual and they weren't given that
information the principal of the school
also apologized
but apologize not for telling care
didn't apologize for the event apologize
not for telling parents that's the only
thing they're apologizing for well whore
himself said his message to parents is
I'm not telling your kid to go off and
become a drag queen I'm telling them to
have the conversations because it will
come up in life well sir let me just say
this is delicately looking it's not your
job sir to tell my kids anything do you
understand it it's not your job to tell
anyone's kids anything it's not your
right to try to indoctrinate other
people other people's kids into your way
of thinking and actually you say that
this conversation comes up in life but
really for most people it doesn't for
most people this conversation they never
have to talk to their kids about drag
queens because it never comes up it only
comes up when people like yourself bring
it up if you wouldn't bring it up it
would never come up all right let me
just let me just make a few points here
if I could first we should stipulate
that this is not an unprecedented thing
this is part of a larger trend this
effort to push drag queens on kids has
been going on for a while the overall
effort to promote deviancy to children
has been as the left has been doing that
for decades of course but recently they
have really focused in on this specific
project of getting drag queens and
little kids together
they're very obsessed with that so
they've got the drag queen story hours
and everything they want to get drag
queens and they want to get little kids
they want to get them together it's a
very strange very bizarre thing but the
left is the this is one of their their
new and most favorite methods of
indoctrination and why do they do this
what's the point I mean keep in mind
again just emphasize this drag queen was
at the school for career day career day
as if any parent in their right mind
wants their child to become a drag queen
as a career and I know when I say that
you know III know what I just said is
would be considered controversial or at
least what I should say is a lot of
people would pretend that what I just
said is controversial what I'm saying is
no parent in the right mind almost no
parent wants their kid to become a drag
queen and then now you might start
typing furiously say well you're a
bigoted how dare you say yeah except
that you know that I'm right don't you
so think 99% of us we that's that's the
interesting thing about these kinds of
conversations that 99% of us agree in
our heads we know we all feel the same
way because we're normal of course we
don't want our kids to become drag
queens of course we don't want that you
want your kid to become a doctor an
engineer a lawyer I did you know that's
what you want you want your kid to have
to have kids to be a parent in them in a
spouse and that's what you want for your
kid you don't them to be a drag queen
going around the country calling him -
calling themselves a whore dressed in in
in makeup and dress that's not what you
want for your son nobody does but you
feel like you have to pretend otherwise
so 99% of us agree but over half of that
99% think they have to pretend they
don't agree and what I'm telling you is
you don't have to pretend it's okay to
be normal you're a normal person you're
a normal parent you don't want that for
your kid that's normal that's healthy
that's loving and it's okay to be normal
and healthy and loving so just admit it
is what I'm saying I think with so much
of this stuff with it especially when it
comes to the really fringe radical
methods and strategies and and messages
of the left almost none of us really
agree with that stuff in our minds when
the left Commons comes and says oh you
know man could be a woman if he feels
like one 99% of us we know that that's
nonsense that's crazy we know that so
just
minute you're allowed to say it and I'm
not saying you're allowed to say it
because I give you permission I'm saying
you're allowed to say it because the
Constitution gives you permission
because God gives you permission with
your freewill all right but they say so
you know what's the reason that they
give for doing something well they say
it's about fighting bullying but we
don't obviously we don't need a drag
queen to tell us not to bully anyone can
tell you that a drag queen has no
special anti-bullying expertise in fact
this guy who now goes around in dresses
and makeup and wigs and calls himself
Lahore he pretty clearly never learned
how to deal with bullying he's basically
the last example you want okay show the
kids someone who was bullied in school
and then became an astronaut a doctor an
engineer a healthy normal person show
them that person a CEO you know don't
show them someone who was bullied and
now spends his life doing this obviously
this person has suffered trauma and
challenges in life and we all have
challenges like but they never
discovered a healthy outlet for it so
this is the last example we should want
to put in front of our kids also when it
comes to bullying I think there's a
deeper reason why they bring in a drag
queen to share this message because what
they're trying to tell the kid our kids
is if you see a man carrying on this way
if you see a man acting in a clearly
outrageous unhealthy perverse way you
shouldn't treat them any differently or
act as though he's engaged in anything
strange so this is an effort to
normalize perverse behavior they call it
anti bullying that's not what it is
it is normalization because it's not
bullying for a person to see this this
this guy dressed this way prancing
around it's it's there's nothing
bullying about noticing that and
thinking well that's abnormal that's
strange that's not right that's not
bullying
obviously bullying is never okay it's
never acceptable but it's also true that
mr. Lahore um he's acting strange what
he's doing is not normal it's not
healthy it shouldn't be treated as
though it is if my kids saw something
like that and they said well that's
weird you know what I would I wouldn't
say oh no don't worry we don't call that
weird no that's that's normal that's not
that that's that's great that's but I
would be so proud of you
son if you did the same thing no I
wouldn't tell my kid no what I would say
to them yes you're right
that is weird now we don't call him
weird okay we don't say that about
people we don't insult people but what
he's doing
how he's behaving that's weird you're
right
now we don't be unkind we won't be
uncharitable we won't be abusive we
won't be mocking but yes that's weird
we should have sympathy for this person
he's very troubled he's obviously a very
troubled person but you're right that
what he's doing is what that's what I
would tell my kids that's what I have
told my kids and I don't think I know
the left hates to hear that there's a
day that well you're I mean you're
you're raising your own kids how you
want how dare you yep that's how I'm
raising my kids and there's nothing you
can do about it I'm raising my kids to
find that kind of thing weird I'm
telling them it's weird yep that's what
I'm doing because they're my kids and I
can raise them not you so you know this
guy what he's insisting is that we
pretend his whole routine is totally
normal it's not we shouldn't have to go
along with it and you know if I there's
a certain amount of pointing and staring
that you clearly have earned if you go
out and and and carry on this way if I
if I strap a pineapple to my head and
then walk outside and go to the store or
something and people point and stare and
say that guy's got a pineapple on his
head I can't say well how do your
bullies stop bullying me how dare you
notice this pineapple that I strap to my
head and then walked outside of the
house specifically so that you would
notice the pineapple I mean when you
dress in an outrageous ridiculous
way people are gonna notice and that's
the whole reason that you're dressed
that way so don't pretend like you're
being victimized when you're getting
exactly the reaction that you want by
the way even if this was an actual woman
dressed like this and calling herself
Lahore my reaction would be very similar
and I would certainly say that that
woman should not be in a school that's
my other problem with this drag queen
stuff I don't know why haven't feminists
spoken up about this these guys are
making a mockery of femininity they're
appropriating femininity and making it
into a joke a spectacle how in the world
can you say that it's inappropriate for
a white woman to wear like a Native
American headdress but it's perfectly
fine for this guy to dress like a female
character from some weird Tim Burton
film and call himself Lahore and then
portray womanhood that way how is the
one appropriating reductive and
exploitative but the other isn't I mean
this fella when he dresses that way what
he's saying is this is how I see women
it calls himself Lahore he dresses in
the ridiculous outfit and he's saying
this is to me this is what a woman is
that's offensive I mean you should be
offended by that I don't want my
daughter to see that because I don't
want my daughter to think that's what a
woman is he's making a mockery of
womanhood and he's using it as a gimmick
I mean think about that he's dressing up
as a woman and calling himself a whore
what how would the feminist not all over
that how is that any different from from
a you know a guy dressing up in a
ridiculous Native American costume and
calling himself you know some some slur
for Native Americans I mean what if a
guy for Halloween dressed up a Native
American costume and painted his face
red
well we would say well that's terribly
offensive the native so how is that how
is it a this is exactly the same thing
second point I want to make this is not
the first time that I'm gonna say this
it's not even the 100th time Mamillius
to be said once again that this is this
is what public school is folks this is
how public school operates this is the
point of public school now I know that
not all public schools are going to
invite drag queens for career day I
think we we may have a few more years
before that becomes the norm but I'll
tell you what is the norm the norm is
the schools making parenting decisions
for you the school's deciding what sort
of person they want your kids to be and
then working to turn them in to that
kind of person without your input
without your consent
that's not only how public schools
operate that is why public schools exist
the government has a public school
system so that they can shape the next
generation of people that's the point of
the public school system it's not about
just teaching it's about shaping forming
molding guiding instilling values and
those values are going to be the
mainstream secular values of society so
all you need to do is look at the
mainstream secular values in society and
decide is that what I want infused into
my kids head for seven hours a day five
days a week nine months a year for the
next 13 years and it's not like I have
no dog in this fight by the way it's not
like I you know it's easy for me to be
anti public school because I don't have
kids I do have kids I have three kids
the oldest are five so our decision to
not do public school has led to many
difficulties and challenges for us
already and we're still very early on so
I get that public school is easier
cheaper and all that I mean it's it's
such an easy decision to make
and there are so many practical
advantages to it I definitely
acknowledge that but and I acknowledge
also that there are still people who
really they have no other choice if
you're a if you're a single parent for
instance well what do you you know and
you can't afford private school then you
what are you gonna do you really have
very few options so I understand that
but for those of us who feasibly
plausibly could have any other option I
think we really need to consider those
options because this is public school no
matter what you say no matter what you
do no matter how you approach it they
are going to want to parent your child
and turn your child into the sort of
person they think your child should be
education isn't and and and I'm not
saying that well the public school there
they're so biased in the problem isn't
that they're biased in their education
education is by nature biased because
education by nature is not just about
passing on information in a sort of
detached objective robotic way in
education is about making people it's
about forming it's about imparting
values you know passing on belief
systems
you know instilling priorities and
principles that's what education is
that's what education has always been
and always will be and it will never
ever change we have this fantasy of
objectivity like we think it's possible
that we think it's possible for there to
be a truly objective unbiased news
source and what we learn is it's
impossible and the news media for as
long as it's existed has always been
biased because there are human beings
behind it there are human beings passing
on the information and they have views
and ideas and priorities and that's
inevitably going to come out well even
more that's even more the case for for
for education
that there's going to be an agenda an
objective beyond just putting
information in their heads these are
people after all who are doing the
educating and these are people who run
the schools and they all have belief
systems and ideas and everything else
and they're also operate very
importantly they're operating on within
a system that itself is certainly not
objective a system that itself has a an
agenda in mind so that even and there
are plenty of very good public school
teachers plenty of devout Christian
public school teachers conservatives
religious you know public school
teachers but and and many of them work
heroically to stand against the tide but
the fact remains that it that there is a
tide and they are standing against it
and those kinds of teachers they are you
know if you send your kids in public
school those teachers are very those are
those are like Oasis's in in the desert
an oasis of sanity and reason that your
kid might might come across which is
great but that's not how the system in
general is set up and so we just have to
ask ourselves is this the environment
that we want to put our kids in and it
is very possible I don't deny it it's
very possible that you could send your
child if you're a religious person if
you're a conservative if you care about
so-called Family Values objective
reality objective truth objective
morality all that kind of stuff you
could send your kid into publics public
school and it's quite possible although
I think probably unlikely but it is
possible that they could come out on the
other end with their head still screwed
on straight and with all of those values
still basically intact but if they
accomplish that it will be in spite of
their education and in spite of the
environment the atmosphere they've been
immersed in for the last 12 13 years and
so what we have to ask ourselves is it
is that fair to our kids
expect them to be good people in spite
of their education when in truth they
should be good people good decent normal
healthy people in part because of their
education education is supposed to
strengthen you it's not supposed to be a
necessary evil it's not supposed to be
an obstacle for a kid to get around or
over or climb over it's not supposed to
be that it's supposed to be a an
advantage it's supposed to be a a good
thing that helps a kid boosts him up not
something that drags him down so he's
constantly trying to climb and resist it
and all that I think that's something we
really need to think about but then
ultimately make our own decisions and if
you happen to send your kid to that
middle school and in in Colorado I hope
certainly hope that you will demand even
if fruitlessly you will still demand and
never stop demanding that every single
person responsible for bringing that
drag queen in is fired because that's
what needs to happen there thanks for
watching everybody thanks for listening
Godspeed
