I'm ami Horowitz and I'm here in
Berkeley California to find out if voter
ID laws suppress the black vote if you
have an opinion on voter ID laws uh yeah
they're usually pretty racist and
they're bad I think voter ID laws are a
way to perpetuate racism you say there
would you go as far as either those laws
are racist for sure do you think it's
oppressive definitely because they're
less likely to have state IDs minority
voters are less likely to have the kinds
of ideas that have been described or
required these type of people don't live
in areas with easy access to DMV ease or
other places where they can get
identification can always get IDs doing
for the internet does that also would
make it difficult for for black people
in particular yeah you have to have
access to the internet you have to be
able to pay an internet service provider
for certain fees do you think that's
harder for black people to go online
well I feel like they don't have the
knowledge of how of like how it works a
lot of people have smartphones but you
might have data for most of the
communities they don't really know what
is out there just because they're not
aware or like they're not informed I
also think there's a repression of like
black voting with how they how if you're
a convicted felon like you're not
allowed to vote and everything and when
you look at swing states like Florida
that's a huge population of the of the
like african-americans now I'm here in
East Harlem to ask black people their
thoughts on what you just heard do you
have ID ignore okay I do yes that's good
ID
do you carry ID yes I do do you know
anybody any black person doesn't carry
ID no anyone that I know has an ID well
what they think we don't have ID that's
a lot
do you have ID yes cuz I have my ID and
my friends have their ID so we know what
we need to carry around the everybody
that know have ID like that's one of the
things you need to walk around with New
York would ID
do you know any black adult who does not
have ID no anything
is it a weird thing to even say that yes
it was do some type of trick k2 cameras
that's the only thing I brought with me
legit IDs I heard a lot also that black
people can't figure out how to get to
the DMV hey that's think that was that
senior I know is that going to miss you
do you know where the idea that the div
is right here
it's 125th Street and 3rd Avenue I
believe you know what to get there yeah
did you have a problem getting there if
you have to get there no it's I know you
sound like silly questions you know how
to get these oh boy I know where it is
yeah you can get there uh-huh no problem
no fun no checking okay and I also heard
a lot that black people pledging
pullback people have no access the
internet can't figure out how to use the
Internet yes that's it that's just
stupid see honesty everybody has access
to the Internet
even a little kid can figure out how to
work the Internet
don't use it properly I would act I'd do
it at work
so of course I'm not using my kids not
to use it they all have iPads iPods
whatever your phone has data unlimited
unlimited in news I use my phone as a
hotspot what does that save you for the
people who had this perception buddy um
they're pretty much ignorant huh
that's what my thought process are I
don't think that's ignorant ignorant
that's very very very ignorant
does it sound racist for somebody to say
that I think it it's a little racist
because you know you're putting people
in a category and you have no idea what
you're talking about maybe a little bit
of racist in it but like I said I think
it's more stupidity and ignorance to
judging somebody right but you tested
them before they black say that they all
got it people are they talking to wonder
who are these people talking to you know
do you have a problem that if you go to
vote and they say could we please see
your ID to make sure you are who you say
you are I love showing my ID
yeah no problem nope would you have a
problem if when you go to vote if they
say quit please your sight see your ID
to make sure you are you say you are you
have an issue with that no would you
have a problem there was a rule where
you have to show your ID in order to
vote
no would you have an issue if there was
a rule saying you got to show your ID
before you vote
you go with that
