as Democrats call for Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh to step down in
the wake of unsubstantiated sexual
charges the time has come to ask the
question what are the rules of the me2
movement is it an hysterical witch-hunt
being used by left-wing hypocrites to
destroy the lives and careers of those
with whom they disagree so they can
protect their fanatical hold on power
and prevent the nation from
reestablishing constitutional governance
after five decades of left-wing assaults
on our Liberty or is it you know
something else to answer these questions
mainstream media outlets have issued a
new pamphlet entitled what are the rules
of me2 written by ABC political analysts
sometimes known as howdy dowdy or Howdy
Doody or just duty especially after one
of his TV appearances the pamphlet
begins with an introduction reading
quote for too long women's voices have
gone unheard although not necessarily in
my house where believe me if the voice
of my ex-wife could go unheard for even
half an hour I give a tenth of my salary
to charity but in other more peaceful
places women's voices have gone unheard
and it's time for this injustice to come
to a shrill screeching and endlessly
complaining halt unquote
dowdy Duty continues writing quote women
must not only be heard they must be
believed
except my former mother-in-law because
the woman's a psycho but the point is if
a conservative man is nominated to the
Supreme Court and a woman who may or may
not exist accuses him of something that
may or may not have happened these
allegations must be taken seriously
lest we teach our daughters that they
can't just randomly destroy people's
lives at will unquote in conclusion
dirty dowdy writes quote for too long we
have lived by the rule that says a man
is innocent until proven guilty but I
say if we can't ruin our political
opponents through unsubstantiated
innuendo
then this is no longer the America I
love unquote I guess they don't call
them duty for nothing trigger warning
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show
tickety-boo there's a we need also sing
see Topsy the zipa teasing it's
all right I didn't think I was gonna get
further open without cracking up but I
get the prize
it is mailbag day so pack up your
troubles in your old mailbag and we will
get rid of them all all my answers oh my
god I can't stand it anymore it's like
it's like some kind of mental torment
also Yom Kippur I don't say happy Yom
Kippur is a very solemn holiday a Ben
was explaining it on the on our
backstage show yesterday is when they
take a day Jews take a day to repent of
their sins then it's probably gonna take
a couple days I would think give them
his sins but he'll be back and and I
wish you all a good Yom Kippur uh you
know you remember during the financial
crisis rahm emanuel who was going to
become Obama's chief of staff and then
go on to become the mayor of Chicago and
preside over the decline of Chicago into
chaos and crime and murder he said you
should never let a crisis go to waste
and of course what he meant by that is
when there's a crisis people panic and
you can stuff left-wing laws and
regulations and ideas down their throats
because normally people protect their
freedoms they want their freedoms
especially in America where our freedoms
are kind of in our blood they're kind of
we've inherited heritage this tradition
of Liberty we know that we're supposed
to be free and so you need a crisis to
make people panic and take their
freedoms away I'm watching this Brett
Kavanaugh thing is this devolves into a
really a circus at this point is a
circus in which the Democrats are really
just using this woman's unsubstantiated
charges to delay the process their hope
is that they can delay the process until
after the midterm elections so that
people up for election Democrats up for
election in red states won't have to
cast a difficult vote against Cavanaugh
and then get punished for it at the
polls that's one thing they want and
then in the outside chance they take
back the Senate then they can just delay
the Supreme Court pick forever and
that's the plan that is the plan is not
about sexual justice it's not about this
woman it's not about her pain but
they're always always always using the
same argument and the argument is you
should give up your Liberty because
feels because feelings you know
give up your Liberty because it's a
crisis because my identity because I'm a
victim because I look at my sad face
give up your look yes yes okay okay
humankind has crawled for thousands of
years out of the muck of slavery out of
the muck of savagery you know it used to
be that if you were living a slave of
the Pharaoh the Pharaoh died they buried
you with the Pharaoh you were dead it
took thousands and thousands of years
for people to crawl up into the idea of
individuality people fought and fought
and died mothers lost their sons on
battlefields yes yes yes the
Constitution greatest piece of political
writing ever done ever it's a completely
unique document enclosing the wisdom of
thousands of years
yes but I'm sad I'm sad give it and give
it back give us you give us your freedom
back please because it's oh look it's a
woman it's a woman a woman a woman are
you going to hurt a woman by being free
oh my goodness gracious do not do that
she's a victim she has an identity her
identity she's gay she's black she's
short she's tall give up your freedom
because this is a crisis it is a crisis
and we're SADS it's always the same
argument and the argument kind of got
its strength got its power from the
restoration of rights to black people in
this country which was a true injustice
and it required federal action against
states rights remember during the time
of segregation when the Democrats were
fighting for some segregation down in
the south they called them Dixiecrats
because they were the Democrats down in
Dixie then they were fighting to
maintain the Jim Crow laws that they put
in place after the civil war that they
lost when they were fighting to keep
blacks from voting that the Supreme
Court had to step in the federal
government had to step in with the civil
rights law and that is the template that
they always want to use but of course
that was an exception because a segment
of American citizens were being kept by
Democrats were being kept out of the
constitutional system so it was an
exception because they were being
deprived of their constitutional rights
it doesn't make any sense to say because
they were being deprived of their
constitutional rights we should get rid
of the Constitution
no it's we should enforce the
Constitution in everybody's lives but in
these cases in all the other cases that
come out of this the gay rights
the women's rights and the me2 movement
it's always always the same argument the
argument is give up your rights because
a victim is being oppressed because
their identity is oppressed because they
have the SADS they feel look how brave
the accuser is give up your rights so
right now we've got this guy Brett
Kavanaugh by all accounts a guy who's
lived an unimpeachable life woman after
woman has come forward saying what a
great guy is women who dated him have
come forward and now this this one woman
says that 35 years ago in a drunken
party she can't remember exactly when
she can't remember exactly where he
climbed on top of pushed her into a room
lock the door climbed on top of her and
felt her up and she thought he was gonna
rape her he says he wasn't even at the
party he says he may not even know the
woman he says you know that he certainly
didn't do it he's never done anything
like this and these and so the
Republicans caught in the me to trap
because the victims would always say
okay okay
due process let's have a hearing bring
him in Monday Kristine Blasi Ford is now
saying nope not coming in this is the
latest now it all made change but the
latest is she said her lawyer sent a
letter saying she wants an FBI
investigation of her charges which is
absurd because that's not the way the
FBI works right the FBI investigates
federal charges if this would be a state
crime if it happened 35 years ago if
it's not a felony it would be past the
statute of limitations the FBI when they
do a background check which they've done
six times on Brett Kavanaugh if there's
a charge they bring that charge to the
Senate which then investigates if it
wants to by having a hearing which law
Republicans are offering to do on Monday
but no because that's not the point that
was never the point
so all but all we want all the thieved
left and it's media which is basically
the mainstream media want is the
emotions to carry away to create a sense
of crisis to create a sense of
victimhood a sense of the preservation
of these identities that they have
invented and they've divided us all into
so that you give up those thousands of
years of Rights those rights that were
fashioned in blood and death and human
thought and human enterprise and
climbing
I'm up cuz it's a woman it's a woman
she's a woman so I I have to start this
by playing this cut of Anna Marie Cox
and I don't want to pick on Anna Marie
cos she ran this website one ket which
she talked about all the sex people were
having in Washington and all this she
became a Christian I think about three
years ago and she has a I've heard her
talk about her Christianity and it's not
my idea of Christianity she says
everybody was nobody's born evil where
Christians really believe that not
everybody's not born evil they're just
born broken and they do bad things they
have a tendency to do all of us have a
tendency to do bad things
but now she this is her standard that
she puts forward on MSNBC for how Brett
Kavanaugh should be judged if he cut if
he has to come forward and testify on
Monday which he has said he is more than
willing to do we need to judge Brett
Kavanaugh not just on what he may or may
not have done but how he treats a
woman's pain and that is something I'm
even paying attention to on Monday how
does he respond to what is happening
whether or not he agrees that this
happened with her
does he take her pain seriously do the
do the people interrogating her take her
pain seriously now I'll give you a
spoiler alert I don't think Brett
Kavanaugh takes women's pain very
seriously and I know that because of the
decisions he's made as a judge but I
think that for have that unfold on
national television live and will be
quite instruction instructive
you can follow the logic of that he's
making decisions as a judge as he has
repeatedly said on the basis of the law
but not on the basis of a woman's pain
you mean the anglo-americans system of
law which is one of the treasures of
humanity it is when they trace it's like
a Cathedral that humanity built again
sweat blood thousands of years
anglo-american law huzzah but a woman's
pain a woman's woman's pain and listen
none of us wants to see women in pain
and we all have women in our lives we
love the women in our lives no people
keep saying to me oh if this happened to
your daughter you'd punch the guy out
and the answer to that is because they
want to personalize that they want to
make it an emotional thing for me but
the thing is if it if somebody did this
to my daughter I would punch him out but
if somebody did this to my daughter and
I found out about it 35 years later and
the guy had lived an unimpeachable life
I would not punch him out that would be
insane
would be graceless that would be
unforgiving it would be inhuman of
course if I found out about it 35 years
later and the guy had lived a good life
since then you know I just have to let
it go I'd have to deal with my pain
that's the way it would be but now is
this is this kind of bullying idea that
somehow the accusers courage over and
pain overrides the rights here is Brooke
Baldwin on CNN just listen to the
bullying tone here well wait yeah you
want him to have due process the it's
the accused who gets due process right
the accused they get do possible what
about the woman god I gotta push back a
little bit what what process is there
when you are a woman who suffered sexual
and physical assault allegedly who is
all of a sudden realizing this past
summer that the person she says
assaulted her is the guy who could be
the next justice on the US Supreme Court
absolutely none of us can begin to
understand what that process her own
process looks like
to then have the guts to come forward
and write a letter
at first anonymously because she feared
the the lashing which has begun so I'm
just saying when you say the process
well if it's emotional bullying no one
can understand what she's do my goodness
the pain the suffering and again maybe
so on that I'm not attacking the
Christine Blasi for it I'm not attacking
her you know I don't know what she
remembers what she miss remembers but
due process is more important than our
pain the Constitution more important
than our pain our liberties more
important than her pain and I know it's
sad we feel for it but that's not a
reason to give up your rights or the
rights of Brett Kavanaugh or his
judgeship hey I gotta talk to you about
pair of thieves over the weekend I tried
I test drove some pair of pair of
thieves underwear now we don't want to
think too much about my underwear right
we want you know we've got enough and we
don't want to think about like the
mushrooms on the
Mario Cart or anything like that but I
gotta tell you this stuff is so
comfortable it is it's it really is as
close to clean commando as you possibly
can it is it's got designs on it and all
that stuff but that's not what got me
what got me is it's like wearing
absolutely nothing just incredibly
comfortable they want me to talk about
oh you know this proprietary moisture
wicking fabric what do you care
you're not to make the underwear you
just have to wear the underwear they got
one of the guys who made this he says
his wife all his wife wants is to see
him in a pair of they're super fit
briefs and his wife is Jessica Alba
so we're guaranteeing you that Jessica
Alba will come to you're out no we're
not but they are incredibly comfortable
and for a limited time this month only
our listeners get 20% off their first
order at pair of thieves calm slash
Clavin get 20% when you go to pair of
thieves dot-com slash Clavin this month
only pair of thieves calm slash Clavin
as you are wearing them think of my
underwear and you say to yourself how do
you spell claiming it's que la vie aan
all right so of course you know Joe
Biden also said this by the way Joe
Biden said exactly the you remember Joe
Biden the former vice president with the
brains of an ashtray he he said for a
woman to come forward in the glaring
lights of focus nationally you've got to
start off with the presumption that at
least the essence of what she's talking
about is real whether or not she forgets
facts whether or not it's been made
worse or better over time Biden said no
you don't know you don't I mean I'm
sorry if she's courageous she's
courageous but if she doesn't show up on
Monday they should vote and by the way
if you're a man if you have an opinion
about this like me and you're a man the
senator from Hawaii
mazie Hirono I guess her name is
pronounced she has something a little
message for you here it is of course it
helps that there are women on that
committee but you know what I expect the
men in this country and the men in this
committee and many of them believe me
because we all signed on to this letter
to demand an FBI investigation but
really
guess who's perpetuating all of these
kinds of actions it's the man in this
country and I just want to say to the
men in this country just shut up and
step up oh yeah yeah just shut up
just shut up man because it's all you
know when you get to the point of if
you're not gonna deal with rationality
if you're not gonna deal with the law if
you're not gonna follow process and if
it's all emotion it's all bullying you
know you know who gets this right again
Donald Trump is playing this really well
he's being much more restrained than he
usually is
just listen to what Trump had to say
because it's important I feel so badly
for him that he's going through this to
be honest with you I feel so badly for
him this is not a man that deserves this
this should have been brought to the
fore it should have been brought up long
ago and that's what you have hearings
for you don't wait till the hearing is
over and then all of a sudden bring it
up when senator Feinstein sat with judge
Kavanaugh for a long period of time a
long long meeting she had this letter
why didn't she bring it up why didn't
she bring it up then why didn't the
Democrats bring it up then because they
obstruct and because they resist that's
the name of their campaign against me we
they just resist and they just obstruct
then frankly I think they're lousy on
policy and in many ways they're lousy
politicians but they're very good on
obstruction and it's a shame because
this is a great gentleman with all of
that I feel that the Republicans and I
can speak for myself we should go
through a process because there
shouldn't even be a little doubt because
Brett Kavanaugh has feelings too that's
why we don't give up our rights we stick
to the process alright let's let's move
on here a little bit and talk about
Trump declassifying these FISA warrants
versus the deep state because I've
always said I've been very clear that I
sometimes have trouble with trouble with
Donald Trump I've always been very
honest about it but the people who say
he is fighting a swamp a deep state a
government unelected government that has
gotten completely out of control
those people are absolutely right and
you've never seen it as clearly as this
because Donald Trump is talking about
declassifying information in this Russia
investigation he wants to show that the
FISA Court warned that let them spy on
his
campaign that it was based on false
unsubstantiated charges from his
opponent from Hillary Clinton so he says
I wanted to classify this perfidious gas
bag John Brennan right who had a big
hand and starting a lot of this he goes
on and says oh yeah he can't he's
allowed to do that but we shouldn't
allow it we shouldn't obey the is power
I think it's highly inappropriate and
unethical for mr. Trump to take any
action that pertains to the FBI criminal
investigation of Russian collusion and
Russian and cooperation with Russia
during the election of which mr. Trump
and close associates are subjects so
that should not happen that he would
able to be able to take such an action
he certainly has the authority to do it
but I do think it's highly inappropriate
well I think Christopher Rea director of
FBI and Dan Costa rector of National
Intelligence as well as rod Rosenstein
who is overseeing this investigation
should push back against any directive
that is going to have negative impact on
our capabilities as well as the
investigation so I think that should
continue to push push push if mr. Trump
in the White House does not relent well
then I think they have some decisions to
make whether or not they're going to
just not follow that direction and be
fired or to resign so he has the
authority but the deeps the law
enforcement should resist the law law
enforcement should resist the law and
resist and resist and obstruct and
obstruct now we saw I'm not going to
play this right now but James O'Keefe at
Project Paradis has been doing his usual
thing where he goes in with hidden
cameras caught this guy in the State
Department who is one of the Democrat
socialists of America who says yeah they
can't fire me so I'm writing Democrat
socialist letters but earlier this week
Alexandria Google eyes Cortes the
Democrat socialist candidate from Queens
was talking to Jake Tapper and he asked
her to explain how she was going to pay
for all her projects and everybody said
oh she can't explain so we'll play that
because there's another kind of logic
here that tells you why the deep state
feels as empowered as it does your
platform has called for various new
programs including Medicare for all
housing as a federal right a federal
jobs guarantee tuition free public
college canceling all student loan debt
according to a nonpartisan and
left-leaning studies friendly to
your cause including the Center on
Budget and Policy Priorities or the Tax
Policy Center the overall price tag is
more than 40 trillion dollars in the
next decade you recently said in an
interview that increasing taxes on the
very wealthy plus an increased corporate
tax rate would make two trillion dollars
over the next ten years so where's the
other 38 trillion dollars going to come
from well one of the things that we need
to realize when we look at something
like Medicare for all Medicare for all
would save the American people a very
large amount of money and what we see as
well is that these systems are not just
pie in the sky they are many of them are
accomplished by every modern civilized
democracy in the Western world the
United the United Kingdom has a form of
single-payer health care Canada France
Germany what we need to realize is that
these investments are better and they
are good for our future these are
generational investments so that not
just they're not short-term band-aids
but they are really profound decisions
about who we want to be as a nation and
as and how we want to act as the
wealthiest nation in the history of the
world
so everyone made fun of Google eyes
Cortes there she really does have Google
eyes I'm sorry because she couldn't
figure out how to pay for these 40
trillion dollars of program but that's
not what got me about that clip what got
me about that clip is the logic of it
she says this is going to save the
American people money and we're going to
make an investment but whose money whose
money what that what she means is that
your money is belongs to the American
people which means to the state which
she means when she says we're going to
invest it is we're going to invest it
sure you earn it you work for it but
we're going to invest it because we own
your money and if they own your money
they own your time and if they own your
time they own your life and it's because
they think they own your time and
because they think they own your life
that they can do whatever they want no
matter who you elect and that is why
people voted for Donald Trump all right
it is time for the mailbag all right we
have a lot of good questions from Jacob
hello Clavin I would remember the Lord
Clavin they used to call me the God of
the multiverse
cliven eight kleitman I have a question
on grief alright sad question here I
lost my mom to cancer last month right
after my birthday and I'm having a hard
time grieving over whenever I think
about her I switched to thinking about
something else I feel like I'm not
grieving her properly but I don't know
what to do about it I'm only 20 and I
don't have anyone to talk to about this
kind of thing but I don't want to ignore
my thoughts about my mom this question
is the first time I've really sat down
and thought about my mom since she died
all right I'm really sorry pal I'm very
tough to lose your parents very tough to
lose anybody you love I said this many
times but it is worth saying again grief
is a desert that has to be crossed on
foot and the reason I say that is
because it is a space of time that you
have to get through and there's no
driving across it there's no taking a
camel or a bike you gotta walk it step
by step
don't feel guilty about where you are
right now you are in this place that you
are supposed to be in where your mind is
saying you know what that's too much
pain I can't quite deal with it yet I'm
gonna kind of put it aside just relax
relax and be sad be sad if you have
someone to talk to it's good to be able
to talk to people if you can't talk to
people sit down and write it down a
little bit because that'll help you
focus your thoughts or talk to God go in
someplace where you're alone and talk to
God out loud because that'll focus your
thoughts but don't blame yourself for
where you are in the desert of grief you
know a lot of times what happens is
grief can go on for a long time and a
lot of times people around you get tired
of hearing about it and there's like
shouldn't you be over this by now just
take your time walk across the desert it
is a revolve you know people who've lit
anyone who's lived for a long time as I
have has been through the desert of
grief just walk it pal step by step put
one foot in front of another and you
will get to the end of it and if and if
you believe pray because God will let
you get to the end of it in a place that
is a good place I'll let you come out of
that desert in a good place from Matthew
I am a proud combat veteran well thank
you Matthew and we appreciate that and I
listen to you daily while I don't agree
with you on some things I love your
viewpoint on freedom I mean that's what
I fought for all these years what is it
that prevents everyone from reaching the
seemingly unattainable goal of freedom
in America and will it ever be reached
well you know one of the things that
George W Bush used to say that I used to
just tremendously disagree with you
would say every human heart yearns for
freedom and I used to think you know
george w bush's it evangelical christian
he read the Bible if you read the Bible
if you read the story of Exodus the
people are enslaved they're being
whipped they're being forced to labor
and under hard hard circumstances and
Moses comes and he says to Pharaoh let
my people go and when Pharaoh's know he
brings in gods showers curses on the
land you know breaks the heart of
Pharaoh so that finally Pharaoh relents
the people leave Egypt they're free
they're finally free and the waters part
and when the soldiers of Egypt come
after them God closes the waters over
their head and they're drown and they
get out into the desert and suddenly
there's no food and they say to Moses
hey we were happier as slaves we had
food we had water now what did you do
were there no graves in Egypt that you
took us out here into this desert people
don't want to be free they want to be
comfortable they want to be safe they
want everything to go okay and if that
means they have to give up their freedom
they will that's original sin that is
our brokenness not yearning for the
thing God made us for God freed us for
freedom he made us for freedom but we
are broken and so there's something in
our heart that says okay and slave me
but feed me lord acton who was the great
historian of freedom wrote that those
who support freedom are always in the
minority and they always have to make
common cause with someone else
and sometimes that someone else is not a
very nice person and so freedom gets
tarred with the desires of bad people so
for instance if a racist says I should
be free to not associate with black
people well yeah he should be free to
not associated with black people he's a
schmuck but but he should be free to do
it so as you're defending freedom you
get caught tangled up with this bad guy
and it makes you and freedom look bad
and those are the kinds of things we
face the brokenness of the human heart
and the fact that them it's always a
minority who are fighting for true
freedom
from Christina hello Supreme Leader
Clavin I am a writer and a woman I love
your commentary on men and your
discussions on Raymond Chandler and the
main streets I appreciate that you
highlight how we all need to fulfill the
Honorable requirements I was wondering
if you could expound on that idea for
when
as a conservative and the writer I like
the structure of a hero's quest but I
still know from my own life experience
the hero's journey for women is
different than that of men I did and she
says I'd like to know what you think
from a cultural and biblical perspective
you know this is really true that
women's hero journey is different I've
said this before that the essential
story at the heart of every story is can
the woman be loving enough to find a man
and create a new generation and can the
man be brave enough to protect her those
are the things that the kind of that
we're kind of dealing with and can the
man break away from his father can he
become you know the man that he wants to
be and can the woman become the woman
that she wants to be it's not you know
they always feminists impose all these
ideas of strength and all this stuff yes
it does take strength to become a woman
and a full woman but it also it takes a
certain kind of tenderness and
lovingness and vulnerability that men
don't always express you know the person
who writes about this I have to tell you
and I know is plugging my own family but
is my daughter faith more she has a
website a blog about Disney Princesses
and she talks about how the fairy tales
show the woman's journey because fairy
tales are one of the great cultural
contributions of women to society
because they were all made up by moms
telling their kids fairy tales and so
faith anyway if you go to faith K more
on Twitter she will lead you to her that
will lead you to her blog site and you
can read about that as well but the
woman's journey is different it is more
tied up with love the man's journey is
also tied up with love but it also tied
up with a kind of physical warrior
courage that is required to protect the
people he's going to create the woman's
journey is much more invested in
recreation and recreate because men
can't do that women superpower is to
recreate the generation and all stories
are kind of these stories that come out
of the very deepest level of the human
heart how do we stay alive into the next
generation I think is really what's
underneath a lot of them from Isaac dear
Clavin the wise about 90% of my family
believed in a literalist interpretation
of the Bible however I think more along
the lines of ben shapiro and jordan
peterson
to God in the Bible how do I convince my
mom for example that I'm not going to
hell well you know what you don't have
to worry so much about convincing your
mom and and you know people people have
different levels of understanding of the
Bible but the important thing really is
their faith and the fact that their
faith connects them to God and that to
God God gives a meaning and fulfillment
in their lives you know necessarily have
to argue with your mom about faith I
mean let her have her version of faith
and you have it you know so these are
all metaphors that we use to get to the
truth of God I'm not saying the Bible
isn't true I believe a lot but the Bible
is true but I don't believe it literally
in every single place I believe it has a
genres in it and different ways of
talking about God but but you don't have
to convince other people let people have
their faith and you never want to
undermine people's faith if you can help
but unless they're doing something bad
in the name of their faith from Adam
hello Andrew I'm writing this because a
recent life event has led me to reread
the great good thing the great good
thing is my memoir of my conversion from
Judaism to Christianity and he's
particularly reading the sections where
you discuss your relationship with your
father one time in my life my father was
my closest friend
however as years progressed he struggled
with alcohol abuse and there was
tremendous strain in our relationship
just as I thought I was on the road to
mending the relationship he died in a
house fire this past April he was only
55 years old and I'd like to believe
that he might have turned a corner now
I'm left to remember the good about him
but I'm struggling to make sense of the
combination of grief anger love and the
desire to forgive any thoughts yeah
again you know let yourself struggle
with these things think these things
through you want to be moving toward
forgiveness I did have a very difficult
relationship with my father but I did
try to you know find forgiveness and
when I found forgiveness I found it
through will I willed forgiveness and
then the forgiveness the feeling of
forgiveness followed my willing that
forgiveness but be honest with yourself
you know go through the relationship
sorted through that's a very painful
thing you've been through sorted through
in your life hey I got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but come on over to
the daily wire.com and there you can
subscribe for a lousy 10 bucks a month
or a hundred bucks for the year if you
subscribe for the year you get the
leftist tears tumblr but also more
importantly get so much you get been you
get NOLs
which okay you know you get Knowles that
whatever that's worth but you also get
to be in our mouth my mailbag Knowles's
mailbag Ben's mailbag you get to be part
of the conversation when that comes
along when we do these back stages with
our special guests you get to ask
questions they're good reasons to
subscribe also you get to watch the
whole thing streaming live right on the
website and we don't have to cut you off
as we have to now come on over to the
daily wired.com alright from curt mr.
Clavin left this culture and mainstream
media always state that fascism and the
Nazis are a product of the far right
after watching Dinesh D'Souza's movie
death nation I'm now questioning this
mr. D'Souza presented compelling
information that these two were a
product of the far left he was basically
saying it was the combination of
progressive and nationalism with Nazis
also adding racism he was also stating
that the alt-right has more in common
with the left than the right what is
your opinion on this okay
well an excellent book to read about
this by the way is Jonah Goldberg's
liberal fascism he goes through the
entire history of it it's a little murky
IIIi love Dinesh he's a great guy makes
really fascinating movies and writes
really fascinating books but I sometimes
think he pushes this argument a little
bit too far Hitler was a man of the left
I think that is fair to say but Nazism
with its intense nationalism which in
Europe is usually associated with being
a conservative with being right-wing
Hitler with his nationalism was kind of
a hodgepodge he was also a psychopath he
was an evil psychopath and so that
doesn't really have a party believe me
believe me nothing will protect you if
you are an evil psychopath you can be an
evil psychopath on the Left you can be
an evil psychopath on the right but
here's the thing
the categories in Europe are different
from the categories here and that's why
when you read a newspaper and it says
far-right party in Britain or far-right
party in France it's different why
because they don't have a Constitution
that they are trying to conserve when we
say here that we are conservatives we
are trying to conserve the Constitution
when we want a constitutional literalist
on the Supreme Court benches because
we're trying to conserve the rights of
man that has never been that has never
been a
conservative point he on on the far
right certainly in Europe on the far
right nationalism blood and soil I get
this all the time by the way from people
on the right here and I guess it's the
alt-right where I'll say America is an
idea America is a Creed that's what the
founders believed America is a Creed it
is something you can ascribe to who can
subscribe to the idea that all men are
created equal that we have rights given
to us from God that the government is
there to protect our rights that is as
far as I'm concerned what we are trying
to conserve as American conservatives
has nothing to do with blood has nothing
to do with soil it happens to be here on
America what would you be if you didn't
love your native land it would be some
kind of empty shell of a human being
what would you be if you didn't love
your native land but having said that
yes nationalism can goes too far
so my point about Hitler is Hitler grows
out of several trends in European
history the anti-semitism which was a
absolute embedded idea in Europe the
nationalism again not particularly a
left-wing idea but they were National
Socialists they were fighting the
Communists but they were National
Socialists Hitler was a man of the left
all that means is all that means is when
the left immediately calls you Hitler
you can strike back by saying hey Hitler
was a socialist okay if you want to get
into that level of argument that's what
it is but if you want to look at it a
little bit more deeply it's a little
murkier than that all right
hello supreme leader Clavin now we're
talking now we're getting back to what's
on my business card I'm a writer
oh I think I did that one already I'm
actually running out of time but I'll do
one more from John my college roommate
was born and raised in China but has
become more libertarian as he's lived
here he wanted to ask if communism as a
result of actual need or simply a result
of want and greed has it ever worked it
never works it never works because the
logic of communism is the logic of
slavery we were talking about this with
Alexandria Google eyes Cortez the logic
of communism is that your work what you
own what you have created is belongs to
the state and that's why it always
devolves it always devolves into slavery
it always devolves into cruelty plus
plus capitalism you know this is so
strange
capitalism has lift
that so many people out of poverty
around the world and wherever wherever
you have a rule of law
free trade property rights capitalism
you have these incredible glorious
benefits why because it uses the human
soul human nature to create the economy
it uses freedom to create the economy
and that is it's kind of a miracle it's
all showing choice it's all oh look I
made an iPhone ooh I want an iPhone I'm
willing to give you some of my money for
that I mean that is a beautiful thing
even greed even your greed starts to
serve my need under capitalism but when
you put it all on the state it all
devolves into power it all becomes about
I own what you made I own your money I
own your time I own your life even if it
worked it would be immoral but it never
works because it doesn't have the
brilliant genius of capitalism and the
brilliant genius of freedom all right
time to move on to tickety-boo news well
I'm not so sure what stickety-boo about
this except it makes me laugh
uproariously and I think that that alone
is something that is just incredibly
worthwhile stormy Daniels has brought
out her memoir and as we might have
imagined it is you know of course
depressing you know useless I memoir the
fact that Donald Trump did what we all
could have guessed he did which is slept
with the pornstar right but she goes on
to these incredible descriptions these
graphic descriptions which I have now to
my great shame actually read it she
describes his junk she describes you
know Trump's tower and what she says
is that is that he is junk looked like
towed from Mario Kart and as a gamer I
have to tell you this just broke my
heart because I love all the Mario games
the Mario games were like some of the
first really great games I play it I
mean I played video games since they
were invented so I played them all but
super Mario was one of the greatest
and I cannot stand the fact that from
now on when I see toad smiling little
toad in in Mario Cart I've got to think
of Donald Trump's junk but the thing
that makes me laugh about this okay
is how the fact that the news is
covering this the news media is covering
this is if this was important here's
Jake Tapper like what happened to you
Jake hey Jake you had a career you had
dignity you were somebody now you're
doing this listen to this lots of books
claim to be tell-alls but they don't
follow through stormy Daniels new book
about her life it's not that book Wow
she tells all from the details of her
career in porn - yes being in bed with
the future President of the United
States and even being able to pick
certain parts of him out of a lineup and
then being threatened to shut up about
him all these accounts are in there Jake
Jake Jake here's the funny thing to me
I'm I am old enough to remember when
they didn't even report that the
president was having an affair you know
in the Oval Office of the play FK was
banging everybody who walked through
there I mean like yet he had two aides
they called them fiddle and faddle that
was their names for them who they were
skinny-dipping in the White House pooled
together and the press knew all this
stuff and they just didn't report it and
when they first started to report on
back in the 80s I would say it was when
they first started to report on the
sexual shenanigans of powerful people
powerful men mostly when they first
started to report on that there was this
big debate about whether it was relevant
important news because it was the
character issue and I made fun of this I
wrote this novel true crime which became
the Clint Eastwood movie and in that he
says the character issue is just a way
of reporting about sex all we want to do
is report about sex why because people
want to read about sex because people
are salacious and they're judgmental and
they're gossipy and they want to talk
about sex so they will turn sex on so
while they were sitting there with their
serious faces just like today they're
sitting there with Brett Kavanaugh with
their serious faces when it's all about
politics when they were talking about
the the character issue back in the 80s
they were really just talking about sex
that's all they wanted to do
so now we have moved on and now we have
the horrible concept suckin red forever
like I used to you know I've been
walking around for days going like beep
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
singing their theme song because this
thing is stuck in my head and now
forever we have it stuck on our head
that Donald Trump is walking around with
toadstool o card
pants and that's the character issue
that's the seriousness the serious
character issue on top of this on top of
there's the guy one of the people who
wrote for Sesame Street now says yes I'm
a gay man and Bert and Ernie were gay
they're puppets they're puppets they
haven't even got toadstool they haven't
even got to they're just puppets they
don't have to be gay they can just be
pals I could just be friends and if you
want to think of them as gay go ahead
but leave us alone leave us alone
your sex life doesn't matter to us if
that's a factor to us and by the way
Frank Oz said you know he's the guy who
created Bert and Ernie and he says
they're not gay they're friends of
course of course they're just friends we
saw it on the air there were pals they
were friends these guys with their
obsession about sex they will ruin
everything it really does it really does
he have a right to be entertained you
have a right to watch Bert and Ernie you
have a victor play Mario Kart without
these clowns getting in your head with
their filthy ideas all right I got to
say goodbye it's been great we will have
Glenn back here tomorrow will we not I
believe we will the great the great
Glenn Beck I'm Andrew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show we'll see you then
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina
hair and makeup is by Jesuit vera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Clavin show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
