Trump is selling this big time he knows
that people are seeing this on TV and
the press can tell you it's not mob rule
as much as they want its mob rule so
he's out there you know really selling
it he's got it he says his new hashtag
this is cup number six the Democrat
Party has become an angry ruthless
unhinged mob determined to get power by
any means necessary your vote in this
election will decide which party
controls Congress the choice for every
American could not be more clear so
Democrats produce mobs Republicans
produce jobs that's become that's called
hashtag that's a new hashtag that's a
hard one this November vote for jobs not
mobs if Nancy Pelosi crying Chuck
Schumer and the radical Democrats take
over Congress which would be a shame
they will try to plunge our country into
a nightmare of gridlock poverty and
chaos so the left knows the Democrats
know this is a problem for them they
know they pushed too hard they know they
went too far
hating Trump is not a campaign issue it
may be a campaign issue for certain
groups for some people but ultimately
ultimately people care about how they
live especially in congressional races
where you're voting for your local guy
so they want to turn this you know
whatever they do they want to turn it
around and throw it at Trump and Trump
made a comment at one of his rallies
where he was talking about this thing
happened it happened they may 2:17 2017
where remember that Guardian reporter
asked the Montana Republican
congressional candidate Greg Jian Forte
I think and he body slammed or he
knocked him down
allegedly so Trump made a joke about
that here's the joke by the way never
wrestled him
never any guy that you do a body slam
he's mica imitating the body's like
alright listen I've compass hilarious
but I'm not going to approve the violent
rhetoric laws but the people there
obviously they don't want to bodyslam
reporters they just telling you they
hate reporters because reporters lie is
a way an in a graphic way of the people
telling the reporters you lie we hate
you you hate us 50 years we've listened
to you tell us we stink fifty years
we've learned we've listened to you skew
the news we hate you that's what the
message is
