so what issues can they run on they
can't run on immigration they'll lose
they can't run on taxes they'll lose
which is why the Republicans are
doubling down now you're saying oh yeah
you like that tax cut
we'll give you another one this is a
really something I find charming about
President Trump's political I don't call
it naivete but you know he's not the
subtlest guy in the world is you know a
really crafty sophisticated politician
he'd say okay how am I gonna package
this to look like this and then but
president Trump it seems like someone
gave him a sheet that said tax cuts
popular is like doing more tax cuts to
more tax cuts I'll give you more tax
cuts because they're popular it's like
this that really that honest you know
you know what the strategy is you know
what you're getting and we'll we'll get
to the advantages of that in a second so
they can't run on that they can't run on
the taxes they can't run on joblessness
which basically doesn't exist so what
are they gonna run on the Sun monster
they're gonna run on the boogeyman
hiding underneath the earth that then
rises up and threatens to kill us all
they're trying to run on global warming
so fortunately we can turn out of the
thought leader of the Democrat Party to
use Steve Hayward's nickname for her
Alexandria occasional cortex who has the
American strategy on fighting the Sun
monster
what
Marshall
we keep cutter there I've had enough
Alexandria occasional cortex so she said
just that last bit she says we put
hundreds of thousands of people it may
be millions to work defending our
country 16 million Americans served in
World War two just think if she's gonna
use this talking point you would have
like googled basic facts of World War
two but that's fine she says that the
strategy to fight the Sun Monster this
strategy to fight global warming is the
same strategy that we use to fight the
Nazis by which I assume she means
evacuate Dunkirk and storm the beaches
of Normandy I would just we've never
tried that we've tried capping fuel
emissions
we've tried banning certain plastics but
we've never tried evacuating Dunkirk and
storming Normandy so maybe that will
work
maybe that's what they'll do if the
Democrats win the house ironically the
other strategy that we would use if the
the way to fight global warming is the
same as how we fought the Nazis is to
collude with the Russians we could not
have defeated the Nazis if we didn't
collude with the Russians and it would
be a beautiful about-face it would be
Nixon going to China if the Democrats
came into the house after the midterm
elections and they said you know what
we're gonna do guys we've been wrong
about this let's start colluding with
Russia something tells me they're not
going to do that though
