all right Sara Gonzales is a reporter
producer and host of the blaze show the
news and why it matters
sara has written for several
publications including the blaze and red
state hey Emma Sara's good to see you
I'm great thanks for having me it's a
pleasure what is the news and why it
matters the news and why it matters
which by the way I did not pick the
title I realize it does not blow off of
the tongue you might wanted to however
it is very important because we live in
an age where we're just inundated with
all of these different media outlets
just pummeling you with all of these
different stories some of which really
may not matter to you in your life so we
try to take the stories that actually
matter you know to our audience and to
America and just try to fit it into a 30
minute show on television and then we go
over time on on demand and on podcast
where we fit in a little bit more a
little bit extra but we just Americans
don't have that much time to sift
through what's important to them so we
try to help them out with you pick the
story that's that matter what story
matters today today today we're gonna be
talking Cavanaugh it's got to be brought
down tonight
yes yeah I said something maybe a little
controversial at the opening the show I
said even if he's guilty if this story
is true which I don't believe it is but
if it's true I don't care so you tell me
why I'm wrong well I'm not gonna tell
you that you're necessarily wrong I am
gonna tell you it matters to America
just based upon the fact that you know
it's it's something that everyone wants
to know but being that he even if this
was true he's he was 17 at the time yeah
you know kids are allowed to make
mistakes in high school you know and I
mean we live in an age now where even
you know adults can make mistakes let's
say James Gunn you can make a mistake
you can repent for it you can apologize
for it before it even surfaces in the
mainstream media then you get attacked
for it and then you lose your career
over it and I think that we're seeing
this happen to everyone at such a rate
that eventually we're gonna get to the
place where nobody's gonna be able to
keep a job because everyone's done
something in their past that could come
back to haunt them if we judge everyone
by what they did 30 40 50 years ago it's
a horrible way to look at the world it's
a horrible way to look at humanity
without you know not you know the
comedian norm
Donald yes he said recently that when
you admit to these especially these me
to offenses when you admit that to them
you get destroyed yeah whereas if you
deny them you might survive yeah I mean
it's kind of unfair
well it isn't I mean we're living in a
time where you know we're supposed to
live in a country where we are innocent
until proven guilty but the court of
public opinion is a very harsh Court and
apparently you know you can lose your
job lose everything just based on what
someone accuses you of with no evidence
I mean it's we live in a post fact era
for sure well now at the blaze I mean
one of the things I've always admired
Glenn for is that he's he he's actually
living on air in real time you can see
him change his mind sometimes you can
see him and he has been you know he's
written this book addicted to outrage
and he's talking about the fact that
we're at each other's throats yes is
there anything that you feel like as a
as a person in front of a camera with a
microphone is there anything that you
feel that you should be doing to
mitigate that well what we try to do
especially on the show which generates
some really great conversations is we
try to just look at things objectively
and you can say you know for instance we
had a conversation and not too long ago
about being pro-life
you know obviously we're all very very
pro-life and we had a story come up
about the death penalty and so you know
I posed the question you know we say
that we're very pro-life we're all on
the side of pro death penalty so how do
we reconcile that so I think that the
key to that the key to understanding
America is addicted to outrage and we
need to break that cycle is we have to
be introspective and we have to look
inside ourselves and say okay we need to
make sure that we're being objective and
we need to make sure that we're making
sure that you know we're calling
ourselves before we call out the other
side I mean I think that that's very
very key yeah absolutely true that we
have to do that what do you say to
people because this is the response I
get to this all the time just this this
week this nikki Haley last week of Nikki
Haley's yes I mean that was scurrilous
and there's no there was not a mistake
that was not an accident that was a good
job on nikki Haley hater and they do it
every day it's I mean I read The Times
every day mostly for the satire but I
mean it they do it every day
you say to people who say if we play by
the rules and if we get into the ring
wearing gloves and saying we're gonna
fight by the Marquess of Queensbury
rules and they get in with an ox it's
not fair I mean shouldn't we fight back
it's it's a very it's a very slippery
slope it's a very slippery slope and you
know you can only do that to a certain
point until we just we've completely
destroyed each other and there's nothing
left so you know I do think that there
there is some sort of awakening
happening right now even with the left
you know you look at Alexandria Acacio
Cortez and a lot of the mainstream
moderate Democrats have come out against
her and said what are you talking about
or you you have no idea how you're gonna
pay for this you know we need to look at
something better so I think that there
is a little bit of an awakening
happening and if we can use that as a
catalyst and take the high ground
instead of constantly getting down in
the mud with the other side we're gonna
come out better wow that's the most
optimistic thing anybody said to me 2018
I think well I work with Glenn Beck's
like some way to get some optimism in
there absolutely true where do you place
Trump in all this I mean what do you
think the effect of him has been
Hurricane trumpism yes hurricane Trump I
mean he certainly doesn't help it I
dunno you know stupor here Glenn's
co-host does always like to say he just
doesn't like to pay attention to
anything that he says that he tweets
anything like that just look at policies
in particular I I can see what he would
want to do that but you know anytime
that our president is coming out saying
anything controversial you know I just
wish someone would take away his Twitter
really just take away his phone but he
doesn't help he doesn't help that but
he's fighting with the media and he's in
this constant battle with you know who
is going to be the martyr and who is
going to you know be the winner in this
one particular battle and it doesn't I
feel like as the president of the United
States he should take the high road it
doesn't always happen I wish that he
would because then we could at least say
hey the leader of the Republican Party
is the one setting the example for
everyone else but you know if someone
has someone
has to do it first and it sure ain't
gonna be the media well then that is the
thing I mean that is the answer to this
you know I know a lot of people
sometimes me who say if you know I mean
if we could take twit Trump's Twitter
away the guy would be on the $20 bill at
this point accomplished yeah what he's
done a lot of really nice and done a lot
of things with the press screaming that
we were all gonna die I've seen that
before I mean Giuliani did that in New
York he transformed New York he was
called a racist every single day by the
New York Times Reagan did it and he was
called all those names they said
everything about Reagan that they say
about Trump obviously different people
but still yeah what do you say to people
who say he's fighting back I mean we
watched the George W Bush and Karl Rove
has admitted this we watched george w
bush just taken on the chin
day after day too dignified to
presidential to fight back trump fights
back and a lot of people especially his
base say yeah it's about time there's a
way to fight back in which you're still
not going negative so you could point
out you know the New York Times had a
misleading article about me it was
completely false and then you could say
you know look at the economy look at
look at these statistics look at the
jobs and you could say you can fight
back in a way that you're not getting
down in the dirt you're not calling the
press the enemy of the country you know
you're not making these inflammatory
remarks but you're still pointing out
look at all these things that I've done
a good job on look at the economy
numbers look I mean these are actual
statistics that he could be spouting off
to everyone
anytime anything negative is said about
him and it's he just she chooses to get
in the mud every single time instead of
sticking to all of the positive things
he could say I mean one of the reasons I
think he's both effective and harms
himself he's actually one of them he is
one of the media he said he's a media
guy yeah and so he understands he
understands that he can't let the
attacks stand but he also fights back in
the same way they fight with him I mean
everything they do to him he does back
to them yeah and a lot of us I mean I
get a lot of Glee out of that when he's
right you know but it can be it can be
awful so when I look at the polls and I
look at the economy and I think
everybody is thinking this like where
where where is his popularity and it
there's a lot of
reasons why he doesn't have it if you're
talking to an ordinary person by which I
mean somebody who's not in the media
they must still be people who left or
not in the movie what would you say to
them you know how what if you were gonna
write a book said how to watch the news
what would it say how to watch the news
don't watch the news I think that you
know you have to decide for yourself
what your principles are what you what
is important to you so you know I mean a
big part of the reason that Trump won
that the Democrats completely overlooked
was you know what we call flyover nation
so there are these people that you know
they're middle class and they they're
historically Democrat right they voted
for Obama but they were finding that the
Democrats we're not paying attention to
them they were paying attention to the
lgbtq XYZ Brigade and they were paying
attention to you know the bathroom rules
and they're paying paying attention to
all of these things and they left out a
giant portion of the nation so you know
these people are saying my paycheck is
important to me you know where my money
goes is important to me you know my my
job is important to me and they're
leaving all of those people out so I
think that you know they need to watch
the news according to what is important
to them and their life which again is
where we have the news in my a matter
that is very good advice and yeah the
news and why it matters is good thing I
have to ask you one more question a
personal question but because I saw this
online yeah is the only reason for those
many people listened to the show if then
they can't see you you're absolutely
lovely and you look like a fashion model
you wait a hundred pounds more yes I saw
a picture of you you were I was fat we
can say that how did you we're not
people we're not that was fun I was very
much so I it was a little over it was
probably 12 years ago and I was in my
last semester at college
and I just decided I wanted to go into
law enforcement and so I wanted to get
ready for that I knew I couldn't do it
being so overweight so low carb exercise
every day so no sugar no bread well yes
and I did it it took me two years yeah
you tell you a hundred pounds yeah I did
it the right way right I did it the
right way so it took me two years and I
got pregnant gained a little bit of
weight back with pregnancy and then lost
again Wow just with the same style
modification you still live that way Wow
okay I'm impressed yeah I I haven't
touched a carbon 10 years now every once
in a while every once in a while I make
mix make an exception very impressive
shower Gonzales the news and why it
matters on the blaze really nice talking
to you and I hope I hope to see you
again soon
thank you so much for having me
