the European Union has banned means I
wish I were making that up but I'm not
the EU Parliament sometimes accused of
being a useless pack of intrusive busy
buddies who sit around passing absurd
regulations to enhance their own sense
of power and prestige while having
absolutely no sense of the regulations
realistic effects or expenses because
the parliamentarians are out of touch
elites who despise the people they're
supposed to govern and really should be
tarred and feathered before being tied
to a rail and tossed in the Zen river
then pelted with rotten vegetables as
they flowed out of Brussels into the
North Sea and I guess I sort of lost
track of where that sentence was going
but anyway the EU passed a law that
would make it illegal to post screen
grabs from movies and TV shows on
Facebook or Twitter
this would mean Europeans or serfs and
slaves as they're now called would not
be allowed to make those little visual
slash verbal jokes that enliven the
internet with their rollicking hilarity
in a statement issued after the ban EU
president Klaus von blunder schmuck said
quote although maybe some cool memes may
appear fun and harmless they are in fact
the beginning of a slippery slope that
could lead to the sort of satire that
mocks and belittles absurd abuses of
power like this one by petty politico's
like ourselves we must protect the
leaders of Europe from the wit of the
common people
unquote Dutch MEP yunk had dunked for
brains addressed reporters under the
moose head on the wall at his hunting
lodge saying quote a Europe that can
recklessly publish pictures and ideas is
only one dangerous step away from
becoming a land of widespread artistry
and free thinking and those are not the
sorts of things we want to see going on
in Western civilization unquote previous
to this voters in the United Kingdom
reacted to the --use officious
intrusions by voting to exit the Union
entirely but elites are calling for that
referendum to be held again until those
darn voters get it right
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right before we start the show today
I have to say I'm sorry for something
stupid I did yesterday I was I got a
story off grey bein usually an
incredibly reliable site conservative
bent but I always adjust for that but
they're very reliable and they had this
story that I reported here and actually
tweeted out that the accuser of Brett
Kavanaugh Christine Blasi Ford who is a
research psychologist who teaches at
Palo Alto University and I quoted some
attacks on her by students students
criticizing her saying all kinds of
things about her that story the gray
bein put out they later corrected and
said they had gotten it wrong the woman
who is the teacher who was being
criticized had the name same name
christine ford but was actually a
different person so I'm really sorry I'm
sorry I did it and I'm really sorry I
said nasty things about the woman that
weren't actually that didn't actually
apply to her had nothing to do obviously
with the story it wasn't true you know
what bugs me about it particularly is as
I was reaching to tweet it in the
morning before I came in I had that
little twinge I sometimes get before I
tweet something whenever I get that
twinge I don't tweet it so I actually
went back and checked the story three
times I thought no this is what they're
really saying they're really saying so I
I went with it and I'm sorry this is why
I can't understand how people work for
the New York Times like that was an
innocent mistake and I feel really bad
about it imagine how you feel if you
were doing it on purpose
all right tomorrow is the mail bag if
you want if you want to get me to get be
a hundred percent correct just ask me
your questions in the mail bag all my
answers are guaranteed to be correct and
will change your life sometimes for the
better what you do is you go to the
daily wire.com hit the podcast button
hit the Andrew Klavan podcast and
there's a picture of a mailbag you hit
that and if you are a subscriber for a
lousy ten bucks a month you can ask me
anything you want
ask me
about politics religion your personal
life and I think we're doing been show
tomorrow so you'll actually be your your
personal problems will be broadcast all
over the nation's so that that will
actually help your life by ruining it
now thanks cream it will be it will be
hearing that about fifteen times it's
tomorrow or until I have a heart attack
whatever comes first all right a lot of
people ask me you know how did you get a
show on The Daily wire and the answer is
they forgot to use zip recruiter dot-com
that's how you get really good employees
if you go to other job sites they
overwhelm you with tons of the wrong
resumes but it is smarter to go to zip
recruiter dot-com slash Daily wire
because unlike other job sites zip
recruiter doesn't wait for candidates to
find you zip recruiter finds them for
you it's powerful matching technology
scans thousands of resumes identifies
people with the right skills education
and experience for your job and actively
invites them to apply so you get
qualified candidates really fast no more
sorting through the wrong resumes no
more waiting for the right candidates to
apply it's no wonder that zip recruiter
is rated number one by employers in the
US they just tune in this show and think
I gotta get the zip recruiter so that
doesn't help that happened to me right
now my listeners can try zip recruiter
for free at this exclusive web address
zip recruiter comm slash daily wire
that's zip recruiter dot-com slash daily
wired Dai ly WI are you notice spell
that is zip recruiter dot-com @ / daily
wire zip recruiter it is the smartest
way to hire so I got to say it well
played slimy Democrats you stooped to
the lowest possible stratagem coming out
waiting till the key Brett Kavanaugh
hearings were over than releasing this
anonymous attack about a supposed sexual
event that happened 35 years ago in high
school there's no way there is no
possible way that this should matter if
the guy's life has been as clean as it
seems to have been for the last 35 years
there's no way it can be proved and so
there's no way to address it you know
personally and and yet because of this
me too garbage that's going around some
of its garbage some of the
not but because in this case it is being
used in a garbage like way well played
slimy Democrats they had to put off the
vote on Thursday and they are now going
to have a hearing where the lady will be
able to come forward and state her case
and Cavanaugh who not only says the
thing never happened he says he wasn't
even at the party where it was supposed
to have happened he will also testify of
course the Democrats do not want this to
happen they're just trying to delay the
whole thing Dianne Feinstein has already
said oh we're rushing to judgment
they're not rushing to judgment they're
just gonna have the the testimony you
can bet they will do everything to
obfuscate and delay they will do
everything they can to hold this off
that's all it about but they got you got
it from Thursday to Monday well played
slimy Democrats and just so we remember
that this is who the Democrats are it is
not after all I can tell who the
Republicans are they have their own
problems their own things that I yell at
them about they can be spineless they
can be inert but they do not do this
stuff just to remember who basically
made this a steady standard operating
procedure in Congress let us go back to
Harry Reid during the MIT Romney Barack
Obama election he went out on the floor
of the Senate and maligned both the Koch
brothers and Mitt Romney's had Mitt
Romney didn't pay his taxes because on
the floor of the Senate you can't be
sued you can't be sued for slandering
somebody on the floor of the Senate and
here was Harry Reid when he was
questioned on CNN about these tactics he
used the Senate floor to go after GOP
mega donors the Koch brothers and
accused Mitt Romney of not paying his
taxes with no evidence let him prove
that he has paid taxes because he hasn't
I don't regret that at all the Koch
brothers no one would help me they were
afraid the Koch brothers would go after
them so I did it on wheels so no regrets
about MIT Romney about the Koch brothers
some people have even called it McCarthy
ID
well they call it whatever they want
Oh me then when did he Romney didn't win
did he so it doesn't matter that I lied
about him doesn't matter they stood on
the Senate floor the floor of the United
States Senate and said he did not pay
taxes Romney didn't win that is all this
is about so this is the thing that the
you know this is why I say well played
slimy Democrats because now we're all
discussing well does it matter who do we
believe me to sexual battery of a high
school this and that whatever all that
stuff it's not about any of that it is
about they do not want a conservative
vote on the Supreme Court because they
believe the Supreme Court should be a
super legislature let legislature that
will churn out left wing law five people
churning out left wing law because they
cannot get approval from the populace so
they don't need it in the Supreme Court
so all this is about luck one of three
things is true right one of three things
either didn't happen that's one two it
happened and it speaks to his character
so for 35 years Brett Kavanaugh has been
a secret abuser of women soon all these
women will come out and finally he will
rip off his mask and reveal that he's
really Bill Clinton in disguise or Ted
Kennedy or one of the other scurrilous
Democrats the left and the media rally
round when they're the ones who were in
trouble so that and then and then in
that case I would say get rid of him get
rid of him if he's really Ted Kennedy if
he's really Bill Clinton on in disguise
and this whole 35 years of absolute
perfect reputation means nothing then
I'll say get rid of him
then there's a third possibility that I
talked about yesterday that for 35 years
he has been a unimpeachable terrific guy
doing what was right trying to be a live
an honest life and once in high school
he got drunk and you know mauled this
girl in which case again I just don't
care I do not care I think you have to
be able if I was there the day after I
that would have been a different thing
but we live in time not just in space
that's why abortion is wrong we lived
near not only who we are now or who we
will be he has erased that with with his
life and I don't think he should be used
now the other thing is it's simply after
35 years it simply cannot be proved or
disproved and I mean I wrote a memoir I
wrote a memoir with no motive but to
speak honestly about my life and my
conversion
Christianity the great good thing and
now and again I would bring the the
manuscript in and my wife would read it
and say that's not how that happened it
happened totally differently and we'd
have to discuss in some times she was
right sometimes I was right we would we
forget things over 35 years she's the
accuser says she was drunk that her
memory is hazy there's no way to prove
it and of course all the left has to do
is what Kamala Harris former prosecutor
but she did the way she put it on TV
yesterday's cut number two it comes down
to credibility to your point Gail and
it's gonna be about listening to what
each party has to say but I believe her
listen first of all anybody who comes
forward at this point to be prepared to
testify in the United States Senate
against someone who's being nominated to
one of the most powerful positions of
the United States government that takes
an extraordinary amount of courage and
frankly you know I have personally
prosecuted sexual assault cases and my
concern is and she knows this she is
putting herself out there knowing that
they're gonna try and excoriate her and
she's doing it I believe because she
knows that this is an important matter
it's a serious matter who serves on that
Court and she has the courage to come
forward she's nothing the game well
played slimy Democrats IRA seriously I
mean she looks credible I believe her
who cares if you believe her who cares
if she looks credible doesn't matter
doesn't matter you are innocent to prove
guilty there is no way to prove this
there's no way to disprove it there were
no witnesses the one witness she says
was there says it also never happened
guy named mark judge says it also never
happened Kavanaugh has been adamant
about this he says it absolutely I never
did this to anybody nothing like it ever
happened so it's so it's brilliant you
know now we're sitting around discussing
well should we women must be heard why
why women needn't be heard any more than
men need be heard after 35 years saying
something that cannot be proved
you should not your career your life
nothing should be based on a person
coming forward with information like
this and we know how the press is going
to play it we know because they've
already started started yesterday
Matthew Dowd who
Bill's himself as chief political
analyst on ABC News and you certainly we
have a picture of him but he but the
picture I was just so you know he is
Matthew Dowd right former Republican guy
it calls himself a proud independent
this is what he tweets okay listen to
this or hey this is in the United States
of America this is what this media guy
tweets
enough with the he-said she-said story
line if this is he-said she-said
then let's believe the she in these
scenarios she has nothing to gain and
everything to lose for 250 years we have
believed the he in these scenarios
enough is enough
now that tweet raises an interesting
question what the hell are you talking
about you stupid not go ahead what that
wait wait on earth is he talking about
for 250 years we believe one thing
you're innocent until proved guilty oh
you know I'm not aware that women have
been unfairly treated in these things
it's just that if you can't prove it you
can't prove it you can't send a man to
prison you can't destroy his career or a
woman anybody to prison you can't
destroy his career with unsupported
allegations I mean that is the very very
basis of anglo-american law and he's
saying well enough of that we've we've
had quite enough of that justice for 250
years no more we don't want any more of
that justice here we want to delay this
nomination so we have you know again
well played
slimy Democrats it cannot be proved and
now and now to they have managed to
maneuver Cavanaugh into a situation
where there actually is an issue there
actually is an issue I said yesterday
and I say it again that if he did this
in high school he you know got out of
hand I don't believe he did I don't
believe it at all but if he did I don't
care but now there's an actual issue
Susan Collins who has been very fair
about this I mean she's a liberal for my
tastes but that doesn't mean she's
dishonest and she has been stalwart and
and steady about what she said she gave
this comment to the press and listen to
what she says because it actually raises
an important issue we need we need to
know what happened it's my understanding
that the staff is doing interviews or
has proposed to do interviews and then
that I assume would be the prelude to
some sort
here senator Collins I don't know enough
about dr. Ford and her allegations yet
to reach that kind of judgment that's
why having the opportunity to observe
her being questioned read a transcript
or and a deposition and make that kind
of assessment is so important
obviously if judge Cavanaugh has lied
about what happened that would be
disqualified you see that's the
well-played slimy Democrats well-played
because now you wait till the hearing is
over then dianne feinstein releases the
synonymous charge then the woman is
forced to come forward because she was
you know she wants to be heard that's I
understand that and she has this memory
I don't you know I don't have no idea
what it refers to but she has this
memory she didn't talk about it for
thirty years but then she did no one
else in the room corroborates but there
it is she wants to come forward and
Cavanaugh says and will says he will say
under oath this never happened I wasn't
there if he's lying if it can be shown
that he's lying
then of course that is disqualifying
even I would say you know you can't you
can't go to your hearings in the Supreme
Court and commit perjury after all
you're not Bill Clinton you're not above
the law you know you're not a Democrat
you're a Republican you have to obey the
law you know it's not you can't just
like drive your girlfriend into the
drink and leave her there to drown while
you set up an alibi and change clothes
my god you're a Republican what's wrong
with you what on earth made you think
you could transgress the law like a
Democrat well you can't you can't why
because we Republicans we conservatives
actually have principles and we will
hold you to them so well-played slimy
Democrats you have now put the guy in a
position where there is something on the
line which is whether he's lying but
it's not whether you believe the the
woman it's whether she can prove whether
she can prove these allegations that's
the only thing that he has to stand up
to only proof only proof not allegations
you know who else is playing this well
though I have to say Donald Trump Donald
Trump has been unlike himself he has
been really
restrained really measured his comments
have been excellent here he is talking
about about this just as the pressure
out of him they had this information for
many months and they shouldn't have
waited too literally the last days they
should have done it a lot sooner but
with all of that being said we want to
go through the process one thing I will
say is that as I understand it Judge
Cavanaugh spent quite a bit of time with
senator Feinstein and it wasn't even
brought up at that meeting and she had
this information so you would have
thought certainly that she would have
brought it up at the meeting not wait
till everything's finished and then have
to start a process all over again but
with all of it being said we want to go
through a full process I have great
confidence in the US Senate and in their
procedures and what they're doing and I
think that's probably what they're going
to do they'll go through a process and
hear everybody out I think it's
important I believe they think it's
important but again he is one of the
great intellects and one of the finest
people that anybody has known you look
at his references I've never seen
anything quite like it
smart don't back down but don't jump the
gun plus plus he finally Declassified
some of these documents that will tell
us whether the FISA warrant in the
Russia collusion case was actually a
political document or not even he said
he's going to did he called for the
immediate declassification of selected
portions of the FISA application on
former trump foreign policy aide Carter
page as well as all FBI reports prepared
in connection with the FISA warrant
request people have been calling for him
to do it I think it's a great idea and I
love the Democrat reaction the
Democratic reaction is basically you
can't interrupt our baseless innuendos
with the truth we're lying here hold
down the truth please hey okay the good
we could have some cover up for deep
cover our as we slander you please so if
this nice editor Eric's wall well one of
ours he's one of our senators in
California a congressman I'm sorry
congressman Eric's wall well in
California in 2017 he he called for he
said if the president wants to say that
Susan Rice committed a crime he has the
power to Declassified let him de classe
by the documents no one else has that
power he could actually show us where
the crime was I don't expect he will
because I think this is just more
obstructionism yesterday when he heard
the news that he was going to declassify
governments the same guy congressman SWA
well goes lawless
he's absolutely lawless he's the Donald
Trump is the subject of an investigation
using his power to selectively release
classified information
he's an abuse of power it's like do not
interrupt our baseless innuendos with
the truth and one thing I gotta say the
Democrats they are slimy they are low
but they won the day yesterday so well
played slimy Democrats my
congratulations to you all you can pick
up your Emmy at the Emmy program but no
one will be watching all right we got
those lefties dictionary is back hooray
is back this is one of my favorites it's
I is for intersectionality I I is for
intersectionality intersectionality is
the theory that people can be understood
from intersecting social identities such
as race gender class and sexual
orientation it's only when the effect of
all these inter woven identities is
fully understood that a person knows how
much he's allowed to blame his crappy
life on white men blaming one's crappy
life on white men is called being
oppressed and being oppressed gives you
the right to shout stupid stuff while
wearing a pink hat it makes you look
like a complete idiot this is a good
thing because it keeps you from having
to take responsibility for yourself
which can use up a lot of your social
media time if you don't have enough
intersecting social identities and you
are designated as just some schmuck or a
white man as a white man everything's
your fault and you now have to work for
a living to pay taxes to support
intersectional people so they have more
free time in which to blame you for
their crappy lives now you may say well
wait in America people aren't really
oppressed very much and they can improve
their Lots by rising above the
dysfunction in their communities in
order to live productively these are
called facts under the rules of
intersectionality people using facts are
fascist and can be shouted down and
bigoted stick you may say what if you
people down and hit them with sticks
than you are the fascist that is called
logic and under the rules of
intersectionality people using logic or
fascist and can be shouted down and hit
with sticks some people object to the
underlying ideas of intersectionality
these people say that intersectionality
is just a way of organizing Americans
into random interest groups in order to
turn them against one another so that
left this feces power by pretending
they're alleviating various forms of
oppression that don't actually exist
these people go on to say that each
person's identity is unique and
god-given and that what you make of your
life depends on your choices and the
natural luck of the draw these people
add that in fact if you were lucky
enough to be born an American you've
already been given a head start and have
no business complaining about anything
so take off your ridiculous pink hat and
stop shouting stupid things and go get a
job this is called truth and under the
rules of intersectionality people who
speak truth are fascist and can be
shouted down and hit with sticks so now
you understand that intersectionality is
a new and original way of weaving
together facts logic and truth and
beating them to death
I is for intersectionality I'm Andrew
Clavin with the Lefty's dictionary this
is great
Rebecca Shapiro there you talented
Shapiro as we call her the does the
great art work on those there really are
good there really came out well I'm
incredibly happy with them and well are
we making the into a book come on come
on get it get with it we got a lot
coming up Jenna Ella's one of our
favorite guests yesterday was
Constitution Day today we're gonna talk
about her book the the legal basis of a
moral Constitution we had a great
interview with her really interesting
argument that she makes later today
at 6:30 p.m. Eastern 3:30 Pacific our
next daily wire backstage will be going
on with Ben Shapiro you may have heard
of him the daily wire god-king Jeremy
boring me Alicia Krauss and our special
guest Glenn Beck who we have brought in
simply too so he's like blowing smoke at
him
drinking in front of him because it
drives him insane but he's got a new
book called addicted to outrage I just
got my copy I haven't got a chance to
read it yet but I've talked to him about
the stuff and it is really fascinating
we might even let knowles come in now
maybe okay no he will be there with us
all and we'll be taking questions but
only from daily wire subscribers so make
sure to become one today which will also
get you in the mailbag tomorrow again
that's today at 6:30 p.m. Eastern join
the daily wire backstage with our
special guest Glenn Beck become a
subscriber and you can ask us questions
all right we got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube remember tomorrow
is mailbag day so go on the daily
wire.com if you're a subscriber hit the
podcast button hit the Andrew Klavan
podcast hit the mailbag ask me anything
you want and all your questions will be
answered answers guaranteed a hundred
percent correct and it will change your
life for the better who knows
alright come on over
you are a listener or viewer of this
podcast you have probably seen the
excellent Jenna Ellis talking about the
law she is the director of the Dobson
Policy Center a contributor to the
Washington Examiner the Federalist and
the Daily wire she also has her book
which is a lot of what we're talking
about today the legal basis for a moral
Constitution a guide for Christians to
understand America's current
constitutional crisis I read it and I
talked to her about it here is Jenna is
so nice to finally meet you
that's right great to have you here and
I'm finally get to talk to you about
your book the legal basis for a moral
Constitution which is really interesting
before I talk to you about that though I
want to ask you a little bit about a
comment you made on the show a while
back that you yourself had kind of lost
some faith you would had a crisis of
faith that become kind of a feminist and
how how did that happen and how did you
come back yeah that's a great question
so I grew up homeschooled all the way
through I had parents who were
absolutely and they still are absolutely
amazing and I grew up very founded in
the Christian worldview understanding
truth being a Christian and then I went
to law school and I went to law school
with the intention of being a career
prosecutor
that's what I wanted to do and law is
taught in law schools today as whatever
the legislature sets is legitimate so
it's completely arbitrary whatever
whoever is in authority now then they
can enact whatever they think is OK and
whatever is not permitted today could be
permitted tomorrow whatever is
prohibited today we could be fine with
tomorrow and so there were no objective
truths that were taught in law and so I
didn't get a sufficient answer from
professors of mine who actually were
Christians about how we can go into the
court system today and advocate for
objective truth and morality and that
really spun me into a crisis of faith
because I had loved law I upheld justice
as probably the prime virtue which now I
understand truth and objective truth is
really what we're striving for and so
that's really bifurcated to me my faith
in one corner but then the law in
another and so I
didn't see how well why shouldn't we
have civil unions why shouldn't we do
all of the social issues why doesn't the
left have a point and so I would have
identified and I did as a feminist and
saying you know these types of social
issues we should there should be no
moral basis to the law and that question
kept really nagging at me and so once I
got into practice I had to find out for
myself
what is a real answer to this question
and so through my study and research for
about five years I that became why I
wrote this book is to actually have a
genuine answer that's better than just
well whatever the legislature says and
whatever civil society decides today
that they want now that's okay and I
wanted a more satisfying answer and so
the curve back if you will is they was
through understanding where laws origins
are from and where morality genuinely
comes from really interesting I mean one
of the things I really liked about this
book and the minute I read it I thought
gee I haven't heard this argument before
was you say that when we discuss the
judeo-christian basis of our society we
always get into an argument about
whether the founders were Christians or
many of them were deists and some many
were Christians but you say that that's
not really the issue the issue is
whether they were lawyers why do you say
that yes so if we look at even even law
today when I go into a courtroom and I
as a prosecutor and I would say we need
to enforce this particular law there is
no defense or argument about the people
who enacted that law whether or not they
were sincere Orthodox Christians that's
not the basis of legitimacy in law it
matters where does the authorization and
authority to enact those laws
legislatively derive from and so in
looking at the profiles of our founding
fathers and what they actually did in
our legal documents the Declaration of
Independence and the Constitution it
doesn't matter as much whether or not
they were sincere Orthodox Christians
and their personal lives
it matters what did they put into our
legal documents so that two hundred plus
years later we can look back and say
that is the basis of our law that's what
they meant
because lawyers kind of under save know
what each other talking about all the
time right so that's so they were very
specific explain to people because a lot
of people do not know this what is the
relationship between the Declaration and
the Constitution because people think
well the Declaration just said we're
free and then the Constitution is the
law but that's not really true is it
right it's not because the Declaration
was the first legal document that
essentially effectuated our national
sovereignty and so a lot of people will
say today that the the Declaration is
just this you know wonderful historical
document we celebrate on the 4th of July
if that if they didn't know that but but
really the Declaration set out our
worldview statement and it legitimized
why our revolution and our separation
from England was an exercise of
legitimate Authority and so when they
started out nice and they said we hold
these truths to be self-evident they
were saying truth is discoverable all
men are created equal they're endowed by
their creator not their government with
certain unalienable rights and among
these are life liberty and the pursuit
of happiness and that's that was their
premise to say this is the only proper
role of government is not for the
government to give us our rights like
all most of the other societies today
I'm in certainly England then but rather
saying that our unalienable rights are
what the government is designed to
preserve and protect so they provided in
the Declaration the only mandate for
government and as really good lawyers
they appealed to the highest authority
of the law that they knew which is the
supreme judge of the universe because
they were going over the head of the
king - right exactly and that was their
name for God in the Declaration and so
just like for example if you and I had a
contract dispute right and and we had
you know there was a contract that
you're gonna sell me your leftist tiers
mugs and you're gonna sell that to me
for five hundred dollars right because
it's so amazing and then two hundred
years later are our errors and you know
our posterity are going to litigate that
contract nobody is going to come in and
say oh well the terms of that were so
completely
we possibly know this this evolves over
time you know nobody in the contract
world will ever ever say that the terms
didn't mean what they meant to the two
parties that entered into the agreement
so why is our Constitution somehow just
this magical document that we can say oh
well the terms just evolved over time
our rights evolve over time they're not
looking at the five pages of the
document so they are establishing in the
in the declaration that the authority
for the Constitution is the authority of
the supreme judge of the universe but
they obviously didn't mean for the
church to be the that judge right they
meant when they said God they meant God
right what does that mean in real terms
yes so that's a question I often get is
well you're advocating for a theocracy
Jenna well that's not true because if we
look at the reality to which we're
presented and we also look at at
Scripture God has ordained three spheres
of government the civil government the
church government and the family
government they have very different
delegated authority from God himself if
we look at Romans 13 then the civil
government is supposed to bring about
justice in society and can carry the
sword meaning capital punishment capital
punishment is not given to the church or
the family thankfully a lot of families
my family so we see they're very
different Authority so that's what
Jefferson meant by the separation of
church and state is a separation of
delegated powers which is what our
founders recognized delegated powers to
government have to be under the
authority of what God's design and
purpose for government is and that
doesn't mean that Christians or people
of faith can't participate in all three
spheres it's just that the church's
authority structure and how what their
role is in society and and humanity just
like the family is very different from
the civil government but when they
talked about nature and nature's God
they they meant that that God's Will was
discoverable in life right that it was
not necessarily had to be based on
scripture according to the documents it
could be natural law essentially those
things that we know to be right and true
absolutely you talked about that
my idea being replaced by the idea of
the social contract what does that mean
yes so so CS Lewis actually has a great
definition and argument for what natural
law means and if we look just to at the
reality to which were presented there
are certain things and legal principles
that we just can't avoid because we are
in our reality and so for example if our
on one the examples I give in my book is
if Congress tomorrow said you know would
be really great let's just pass a
resolution that says that gravity no
longer applies we all can fly because
yeah it's too expensive to go to
translate we would all laugh right and
we we know that they don't have that
authority they are bound by the rules of
the universe and God for his own
sovereign purposes ordained and
established our reality and so what has
been replaced in thinking is is to say
that the origin of law is not reality
but man himself
is the divine lawgiver it's just an
agreement between folks it's just an
agreement and so if we look at where
does law come from it either has to come
from man or something outside of man
meaning God and we can have the
conversations about who God is obviously
but when we're looking at what the
replacement for the social contract
theory is what our society today would
like is just the ability of contract and
to say whatever man consents to and this
is what they teach in law school law is
totally arbitrary if Congress wants to
say this is abortion is fine it's legal
it's permissible they can do that they
have all authority to determine morality
on their own on their own whim and so
the social contract theory is based in
the worldview of secular humanism
basically meaning that man is the
sovereign and we can do absolutely
whatever we want and we can define
morality on our own terms and so people
use that term we the people to mean a we
the people are the moral law givers we
can determine our own reality but in
fact we the people in the Constitution
in the preamble is referring to the very
same people in the Declaration that are
endowed by their creator not their
government with those unalienable rights
among them the right to life right so
that's that is actually right in there
is
naturally and our posterity as well when
we talk about in the preamble of the
Constitution it refers to ordain and
establishing this Constitution for
ourselves and our posterity we still in
American law in property rights we will
just have heirs apparent because we
understand that there may be future
children born to a certain family that
will then inherit some of the property
and so even before they're born they
have property rights how much more
should they also have the right to life
so so your argument is that there has
been a concerted effort by the left to
replace natural law with social contract
law and that this has come up in a
number of cases through the years that
have actually managed to kind of do this
to replace that one idea with with the
other in our constitutional law am I
giving a fair description so let's talk
about some of the cases well what what
would you say the some of the cases that
people don't know
that have affected that exchange right
so when people are looking at a lot of
the cases that they disagree with
they're looking only at the outcome so
for example Roe versus Wade everyone
knows and they disagree or agree with
the outcome of that case but what
they're not looking at is what led up to
that and why does the supreme court
think that they have the authority to
determine those types of outcomes so
with the rise of the sexual revolution
and with this idea that man can
determine his own reality and that are
rights rather than being pre political
unalienable before our Constitution and
if you think about that the Declaration
was referring to rights in 1776 the
Constitution wasn't ratified till 1787
how could they possibly be talking about
constitutional rights and so what what
happened with the rise of the sexual
revolution is that the progressive left
wanted to legitimize their immorality
and they had rejected the church sphere
as an authority and the family as an
authority so they're only left with the
civil government and so with that they
wanted the the so-called right to
contraceptive to abortion to same-sex
marriage all of those things but that's
not actually in the Constitution the
Constitution only gives powers to the
government limited powers to operate to
preserve and protect our fundament
rights so what happened in 1965 with a
case called Griswold versus Connecticut
it was one of the very first
contraceptive cases and it led to
Planned Parenthood versus Casey rivers
has weighed all of the sexual revolution
cases have out flowed from that one case
which the the panel of justices looked
at the Constitution and said really we
don't have any authority to determine
this but what they did is it said that
there is a so-called vast penumbra in
the Constitution where we can literally
read between the lines of the text of
the Constitution and find rights that
emanate from the Constitution that then
we can regulate and we can enforce that
one so it was entirely a legal fiction
when what was the issue this was it was
a contraceptive the contraceptive one
okay now you talk about the case where
we got the numbers and the emanations
which I love I always thought that was
so creative and that leads that really
does lead to roe v wade and and not I
don't even know if it leads to Oberkfell
the gay marriage decision that seems to
just come out of nowhere the out of
Anthony Kennedy's ear I mean he just
seemed to pull that out of his ear am I
wrong well but it's it's a whole line of
the progressive left wanting to use the
judicial branch to legislate their
activism and their agenda and so as a
conservative myself what conservatism is
is conserving the rule of law conserving
the limited powers and the actual proper
role of government so unlike capital L
libertarians that say government is
essentially evil its only purpose is to
enforce and moderate contracts right
that consent that's still a secular
humanist principle but then the left
will then say well big government should
tell should be able to regulate
everything conservatism is not about a
political party it's about conserving
objective truth so so much of this and
you you do point this out in the book so
much of this revolves around sex now sex
has changed because people have birth
control that has made people more free
to make decisions
I can't imagine us ever going back to a
world in which
the state's legislative against certain
kinds of sex can't is it inherent in
sexual freedom that we lose our
political freedom are those two things
related or can we have a world in which
I don't have to care about what my
neighbor is doing which I deeply want I
deeply not want not to care about what
my neighbor is doing privately can we
have a world in which we don't care
about that and remain free as the
founders intended and I think your
question is to the heart of can we
legislate morality and the answer to
that is that we do every day I mean
every single criminal law that's on the
books is society's designation of what
we believe and understand to be wrong
there is always a moral implicit
understanding in our law of our society
saying certain acts are prohibited and
so when we're looking at the sexual
revolution and this whole idea that mere
consent and you have to be a person of
the age of consent to say you know we're
going to enter into this contract that
divorces any sort of moral component to
that and so the question becomes at what
point does the civil government have a
mandate and an obligation to protect and
preserve our fundamental rights but then
also with that enact justice in society
and so I don't think that those two
premises are mutually exclusive when you
say that an individual should have
liberty and freedom that's true but our
liberty and freedom isn't the ability to
do literally anything that we want our
criminal law tells us that now I have
the Liberty to make bad choices and
accept the civil society consequences
for those choices that's what we do in
court every day in the criminal context
but for the government to say we have to
completely step out of any sexual issue
is not enforcing and enacting not only
justice but also preserving and
protecting certain rights and so for
example when we look at something like
pedophilia when we look at the
progressive left how they are wanting to
separate this idea of personhood and say
you're only a person after you're born
well if you do this and ben shapiro
talks about this really well if you if
you designate personhood at any
other point than the time of conception
then there's no reason not to draw the
line anywhere you want arbitrarily so
what's to stop someone from saying well
personhood doesn't attach until 16 or 18
so now you're left with there's no crime
because love is love and if I then if a
pedophile would go and perpetuate that
act well it's not really her because
that child is no longer a person so you
can see how the understanding of the
philosophy will get us so far down the
road unless we understand the legitimate
role of government which would be but it
would have to be at the local level
right I mean the federal government has
given no right to legislate our private
lives absolutely and that's something
where the federalism model we have to
understand that there's there's two dual
arguments here one is what can the
government and should the government do
and what are the limited powers that are
actually granted to the federal
government so the easiest way and the
most proper way to overturn something
like Roe versus Wade or a birch FL is to
simply say that the federal government
doesn't have domestic relations or
health care as their ability to
legislate and to leave that to the state
level but then on the state then they
still have to go by the declarations
mandate as well okay I don't have any
more time but I want to ask you one last
question what what would you like to see
conservatives doing to reverse the trend
is that pot even possible that is a
great question and first we need to be
educated we need to actually understand
like like I did I wanted to understand
what is the genuine argument here
because if it's just what I believe
versus what you believe that's not
getting us anywhere toward truth we have
to understand where does law come from
educate ourselves have not just the some
arguments but have the best and most
accurate and truthful arguments so we
have to first educate ourselves then we
have to get involved we need to be
involved in our government process we
need to be speaking on these issues but
then the best in the last chapter of my
book talks about the convention of
states project which is a way that the
state legislators can propose amendments
to our federal constitution
for the purpose of reining in the
federal government's abuse and overreach
and so if the state legislators pass a
petition in in two-thirds of the states
then they can call a convention for the
purpose solely the purpose of proposing
amendments they have to be ratified the
same way as congressional minutes all of
our previous 27 amendments have gone
through Congress than the ratification
process but what we've never done is
call a convention of the state
legislatures and they're the ones that
really need to be determining all of
these social issues they need to call a
convention of the states and they need
to reign in the federal government
there's a great project right now called
the convention of states project
convention of states calm and that is
for three different areas for term
limits on on Congress a balanced budget
and then also for judicial activism and
overreach her reform of the judiciary
and we absolutely could deal with some
of these issues and some of these cases
that we're talking about through a
convention of the state great Jenna
Ellis the legal basis for moral
Constitution where do people find you
where's the best way to look at it yes
I'm with the James Dobson Family
Institute and so you can find us at
Dobson Family Institute com there's a
profile under the public policy tab and
my email address is out there so if you
have any questions and are certainly on
Twitter or social media now that you're
following me on Twitter yay you can find
me there all right great thank you very
much thank you all right Jenna Ellis we
will always have her back and this so
much stuff going on about the Supreme
Court I'm sure we'll hear from her again
soon good interview I'm gonna skip it
went long so I'm gonna skip sexual
follies but I do have to mention this
one story you know there's this movie
coming out Gosnell the trial of
America's biggest serial killer I wrote
the screenplay and it comes out in
theaters October 12th so the producer
the executive producer John Sullivan who
is he's worked on Dinesh D'Souza's
movies as well he reached out to NPR
National Public Radio to get a
sponsorship for fresh air for the show
fresh air on NPR and he wanted to put an
ad copy to publicize Gosnell the trial
of America's biggest serial killer and
they told him he could not describe
Gosnell as a No
abortion is what he was so he changed it
to abortion doctor and they said no we
can't say that and they said sponsor
credits that run on NPR are required to
be value neutral think I was an abortion
doctor who killed people that's like you
know how value neutral are we gonna get
about that
anyway that's NPR you know it's like no
truth speaking in here this is National
Public Radio but that is it really isn't
me you know how that's the whole point
how much how far will they go to cover
up what this is what abortion is it is
an amazing thing alright tomorrow
mailbag sketch your questions in now we
will answer them all tomorrow all
answers guaranteed 100% correct will
change your life for some of you for the
better for the rest of you it's just sad
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
