there were there were protests yesterday
yes protests if you can believe it I
mean it had been probably six or seven
hours since the last one so we needed a
good protest but these protests were
aimed at Donald Trump because news broke
that the Trump administration is
considering defining gender as as as
based on your biological sex at birth
the horror what a horrible thing right
and the point of making this completely
reasonable and necessary change is for
title nine purposes and when assessing
discrimination complaints and so on and
so forth so so what the what the
administration wants to say is well
you're you know male or female those are
the two categories and that's determined
anatomically biologically that's that's
the the change that the Trump
administration wants to make but the
left which has descended completely and
irretrievably into anti-scientific
madness insist that sex has nothing to
do with biology at all so they are very
upset about this in fact the New York
Times The New York Times Science Twitter
page tweeted out an article today with
this headline this is the headline it
says the idea that a person's sex is
determined by their their Anatomy at
birth is not true and we've known that
it's not true for decades and then they
and then the article gets into this
whole scientific explanation as to why
the biological sex essentially doesn't
exist now look at what they're doing
here okay there's always a slippery
slope with these people and and and you
know you should really pay attention to
this because they used to say that sex
is biological but gender is a spectrum
which was crazy enough now they say that
both of them are a spectrum have you
noticed that change is a very important
change and it may have been kind of
subtle you may not have noticed but for
a long time it was well you know there's
a difference between sex and gender
that's what they used to say
they invented this concept of gender as
distinct from sex so as to introduce the
idea of spectrums into the into the
conversation and now they're reverting
back to sex and gender being
interchangeable concepts and both of
them now are are our spectrums gender by
the way is a it was originally a
grammatical term gender denotes that a
word is masculine or feminine which
doesn't come up much in modern English
but in other languages it does so
leftist they took that grammatical
concept and they applied it to humans
they turned it into an actual state of
being pretending that you had that a
person has both a sex and a gender as
two distinct things but now it which was
which was crazy and makes no sense but
now they're there they're merging the
two again it seems
