going down the only Road boss mother you
had this pillow he'll be dead Oh cut to
you know I would beat you up what hi
everyone
you're war life with our newest episode
of the conversation I am your host
Alicia Krause and with me is Ben Shapiro
who really doesn't want to be here so
you all better ask the best questions
and only the best questions no spamming
okay because he's gonna be here for an
entire hour live even though he doesn't
want to be we got to roll through these
suckers as fast as possible so our
conversation is streaming for everyone
to watch but only subscribers get to ask
the questions how do you become a
subscriber you ask well click the link
in our video description if you want to
ask a question or go on over daily wire
comm right now to become a subscriber
and be sure to tune in for our next
month's episode it's going to be on
Tuesday October 16th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific featuring
Andrew Clavin can you believe we've been
doing these for a year it feels like
it's been longer than that
I can I can each episode is it's like
it's like time and interest element just
compresses wait so are we really
SuperDuper old or are we really
SuperDuper young don't get more complex
than it has to be it's just taking that
joke out back and shooting it just
putting it down like Old Yeller that's
right that's exactly dug a grave for it
and a cornfield somewhere in Iowa you
put that joke right in there and you
just beat it to death with a bat like
Joe Pesci we still work with somebody
like that that is true and I still do as
it turns out ah
so yes bitter Ben is the best been said
in all of those questions right now
we're waiting for him to roll in and all
of the producers have asked me guys you
need to not comment about how you want
to marry Ben and how his wife is a
doctor or how pretty you think I am we
cannot be spending the chat okay intent
I'm just kidding so it's Friday we don't
usually do these on Friday right but
we'd do it on Friday this week yep how
do you like going into the weekend
getting to see me and the whole crew
this is terrible
yeah this is really garbage hey guy I
mean I got to be honest with you it's a
Friday afternoon I could be home with my
kids having fun somewhere with you
I guess that's alright but I mean like
I'm the upper end of like the lower end
of alright like very close to not
alright uh-huh and so all I can say is
we have no ads today folks so if you're
not subscribing what the hell are you
doing you need to subscribe right now
because otherwise you're not making it
worth my while
okay like why am I here if you're not
gonna pay me let's let's be perfectly I
love you guys
or at least I'm okay with you guys but
like you bringing me here on a Friday
for an hour I mean just subscribe okay
just subscribe so we're having some
inner Internet issues real quick so
we're gonna go eat look at the Banff I'm
this theme for a while so uh but I have
a quick question for you there's all
this stuff in the no good Cavanaugh
yes Stotts my thought is that I was told
by an anonymous source that Diane
Feinstein eats the legs of small
children I can't tell you who the source
is yeah I can't tell you anything about
the actress accusation beyond the actual
merit of the accusation is she denies
that this is in fact the case is because
she's not believing women and if she
were to bring forth a bunch of people to
say she's not a cannibal that's because
those people have not actually been
cannibalized so it's actually not proof
that she's not accountable it's mostly
just proof that she's defensive about
the allegations of her own cannibalism
so that's that's my thought on the Brett
Kavanaugh accusation my two thoughts are
one I hope that Roman Ronan Farrow
doesn't ruin his reputation with this
nice he's actually done good work
there's one on the left it was nothing
and then two typically I don't know Bill
Cosby Bill Clinton Harvey Weinstein any
other person that is a disgusting human
being and a perv there's typically more
than one that's right multiple
allegations Roy Moore multiple
allegations actually so where are the
other women yeah there's no one else
alleging this also the fact that it's a
late hit that she's had this since July
it looks politically motivated and gross
but that's the way this stuff works all
right we're gonna do some mailbag
questions while we get the internet back
up and running this comes from Shawn
he's a shabbat shalom you used to give
advice to students to suck it up to
graduate when bombarded with SJW
professors and i agree but i'm a
mid-level position in a big tech firm
that has mandated unconscious bias
training is looking to force gender
parity has endorsed black lives matter
etc i think i want to leave but is there
anything you can recommend to help save
my company from blind self destruction
thank you and oh the
tumblr is fantastic so much better than
the mug well thank you for that we work
very hard on our tumblr as we have small
slave children who actually chisel the
letters into them along with the blind
nuns who actually paint them so really
it's a beautiful product I think with
only a minimum of human exploitation but
as far as the as far as the question
about your company this is just a moral
decision you're gonna have to make for
yourself unfortunately are you more
productive in that slot for your moral
feeling or are you less productive in
that slot I'm not sure a company that's
doing that can be saved the truth is
most of those sorts of programs are done
to prevent legal liability the whole
goal of these diversity and unconscious
bias training programs is that if
someone were to sue for discrimination
they could say well that's not our
policy see we even did this unconscious
bias training so even the companies
don't take it seriously because the
evidence behind unconscious bias
training is extraordinarily weak Jessie
single at New York magazine has written
extensively about this and of course
he's right so yeah I don't know that
your company can be saved from all of
that it depends what you can stand pens
if you need the money to support your
family but these are I think individual
decisions I don't have really a blanket
rule on them alright Luke says that he's
currently an 8th grader he seems kind of
like you like no burr achiever cuz he
wants to become a political commentator
when he gets older and start a podcast
and he said if things look good I hope
to run for political office do you have
any advice yes don't go on Twitter don't
do it really like if you want to ruin
your political career go on Twitter and
tweet a bunch of stuff now or go on
Facebook and put a bunch of stuff down
now see one of the nice things about
being young in this space because I was
17 when I started writing my syndicated
column is that you have a chance to
develop your views publicly over a
lifetime the bad news is you've
developed your views publicly over a
lifetime there's a lot of stuff you
wrote when you're 17 18 years old you go
back booth I wouldn't have written that
because now I'm 34 and I've thought
about these issues a little bit more and
new evidence has been presented to
change my mind so you know if you're
interested in writing you should you
should certainly write
you should write in publications that I
think are appropriate to age for example
but I would not spill out your every
thought on Twitter or Facebook treated
as though you're running a presidential
campaign now because the truth is that
when you do run a presidential campaign
they're gonna treat you like you were
running a presidential campaign when
you're eight that's just the way that's
gonna work
norm says hey Ben since NATO now fights
global terrorism rather than global
communism shouldn't we be working with
Russia rather than antagonizing no
because Russia is antagonizing NATO so
the idea of encompassing Russia in NATO
makes
very little sense when Russia is indeed
a threat to borders within NATO itself
the original concept of NATO was in the
sort of famous phrase to keep Russia out
to keep Germany down and to keep America
in that was basically the idea of NATO
and Russia remains a threat there's a
great book called the end of Europe by
by dreaming by Jimmy Kerchak that is
well worth reading specifically on the
NATO alliance and why it's still vital
obviously Russia has different geo
strategic priorities than we do both
Bush and Obama and now Trump believe
that Russia is sort of on our side when
it comes to terrorism that's not really
true they pursue their own goals with
regard to terrorism this has been true
in Afghanistan and Syria as well just
because we want to kill some of the same
people doesn't even want to kill all of
the same people and it certainly doesn't
mean that NATO's and anti-terror
Alliance NATO is is a Western alliance
when Russia starts acting like a Western
country then we can talk about Russia
being admitted to that - that most
durable of alliances ok we're going to
move along to a religious question from
Andrew he says why is it that men are
less religious and more likely to be
atheist than women so I have not you
seen the poll numbers on that if that's
true I mean I'll assume that's true
and then I'll theorize and if it turns
out that's not the underlying fact and I
will present a reverse theory but as but
as long as we that it makes a certain
amount of sense to me I think the way
that men and women come to religion is
very different I think that men come to
religion typically through thinking
about the world and thinking about the
nature of God and logic in the universe
or they have a personal experience with
God I think it's more much more
individually driven religion from it I
think for women for the vast majority
women I know who are attracted to
religion it really is a lot less about
sort of personal experience with God and
a lot more about experience within a
community it's within it's about being
ensconce in a church that believes
things
it's about being ensconced in a in a
social fabric that brings up children in
a particular way and when women lose the
community they tend to become less
religious generally men have to be
individually sort of brought into the
fold and it's not as much about the
feeling of community as it is about do I
have a relationship with God on a
personal level or not that's a harder
thing to do generally and men all human
beings tend to be arrogant when they are
when they are doing well and they tend
to blame when they're doing poorly which
tends to cut against God if when things
are going well you say I don't need God
I'm doing all of this myself then you're
not gonna be religious and if when
things are going poorly you say this is
all God's fault or less likely to be
religious as well so
individual religion is a lot harder to
keep than communal religion and that's
why in Judaism there's always been a
feeling that women were what kept the
Jewish people going and this goes all
the way back to Egypt in the Bible when
the women were maintaining the lives of
Jewish infants in the face of genocidal
terror from the from Pharaoh it was the
women who are really doing that job it
really wasn't the men all right at least
says hello Ben / Thanos can you use the
Infinity stones to control the weather
maybe the power stone to make the Sun
brighter or the reality stone to create
rain please enlighten us mad Titan well
I mean as you saw I snap my fingers Ely
should did not disappear so obviously my
powers are deeply limited there's only
so much I can do I didn't even have to
snap my fingers make gems gun go away
but everybody comes to but when it comes
to members of the office who I don't
like or political opponents apparently
I'm much less successful with the
snapping stock that also like Jews
controlled the weather so you're
supposed to have the Infinity stones and
and your face surely at our synagogue
every every evening we decide what we
want the weather to be tomorrow this is
why I mean with with this hurricane
bearing down on the East Coast I think
you can safely say that these are not
regions well populated by Jews obviously
if the Jews were there they would've
been able to turn aside the hurricane
simply by holding up their hands and
it's definitely not senator so Shawna's
district no it is not she she controls
the weather that is true sir says whom
would you consider to be the greatest
writers in the English language in terms
of style is there anyone in particular
that you try to emulate in your own
writing stuff I mean in terms of fiction
the people who usually are named here
Arnav akov who's word choice is
spectacular if you repay a fire for
example as weird choices just beautiful
Faulkner in terms of stylistics in terms
of in terms of plotting and ideas I do
love Herman Melville I've always been
partial to Moby Dick if you are talking
about sort of humorous style then Mark
Twain I love an awful lot as far as who
I try to emulate my own style the truth
is I don't emulate anybody in my own
style at this point and that's because
you spend a lifetime writing in various
different stats how when I was younger I
was purposefully trying to emulate Ann
Coulter who was very popular at the time
and then over time you say I don't
really want to be in that space and you
start trying to emulate Charles
Krauthammer for example and now I would
say I really don't think about who to
emulate I just tried to express myself
as clearly as I possibly can in my
writing all right Joel wants to know Ben
why are you an OL tater can you
explain your complex relationship oh yes
oh yes I can
Michael Knowles a man who only fails
upward Michael Knowles a man hired at
this company for one job did not do that
job well and so was given a podcast
Michael Knowles who wrote a blank book
with a quote from me on the cover and
proceeded to sell 250,000 copies of that
blank book and then I liked the fool
that I am the generous generous fool
that I am finding Michael moles an agent
from which he earned another massive
advance for a book filled with no words
why do I hate Michael Mo's because the
gods have smiled upon and Michael moles
for no reason I can discern it's like
Salieri with Mozart except he doesn't
have any skills so there's that that's
why Michael moles will eventually will
eventually pay the ultimate price when I
run him over with my car so I should do
all those things and then I get a
podcast well yeah I mean you have to be
worse at your job this company listen
yeah come take over I'm out all right
juices dear been I've always been fond
of animated shows whether they were
Nicktoons like Avatar The Last Airbender
or adult cartoons like South Park do you
have any favorite shows in this genre so
I used to not be a South Park fan
because I didn't like the style of
animation but it is really really funny
and when you actually watch South Park
and spend any time with it it is
hysterically funny show I'm not a big
fan of adult cartoons as a general
matter most of the cartoons that I
remember from my ute and when I was ute
then I used to watch a lot of horror
Brothers cartoons some of the old
classics if you go back and watch you
know I think that probably the best
cartoon widely considered one best
cartoons ever made is the is the cartoon
where Daffy Duck is being kind of
redrawn by the artist throughout the
cartoon it's it's really spectacular
some of that some of the art is really
fantastic in the old cartoons plus there
are all sorts of classical music
references the old cartoons are really
literate and so I tend to prefer those
alright Joel says modern ben-hur
Shapiro's thoughts on libertarians in
the midterms and Beyond in the lost
cause areas for the GOP so like Larry
sharp who's running in New York and
thoughts on Austin Pierson floss in
Missouri it's very difficult to trump a
party infrastructure you can run apart
you can run a campaign within a party
infrastructure like Trump did but if
Trump could run as a libertarian or
which he's not or if he'd run as a third
party candidate he wouldn't have won the
election he wouldn't
close to winning the election who had
been fringed out everybody sort of makes
the assumption that if you're outside
the traditional party norms this means
they are automatically a fringe
candidate now with that said the
Libertarian Party had a massive
opportunity in the last election cycle
if they'd run a non crazy person right
if they if they had not run Gary Johnson
well if they'd run if they'd somehow
been able to get very elder for example
to run on the Libertarian Party ticket
they would won fifteen percent of the
vote in the last election cycle the
problem is that they the Libertarian
Party seems to me rum it appears to me
to be run like a scam it appears to be
run like a corrupt party organization
that is determined to get less than
fifteen percent of the votes that
they're not federally audited because I
can find no other excuse for trotting up
naked men and iron crosses at your
national convention and then having John
McAfee give a keynote speech that
doesn't make any sense to me at all that
guy he's it was it was it the the the
alleged drug crimes with the alleged
murder crimes that they got either all
of the above yeah they're if you think
so Braden wants know when you're elected
president will you make Knowles the
White House press secretary I thought
that was my job and he also wants to
know or do you have a better use for him
so I'm I would make dana perino White
House press secretary because I'm sure
on show on Fox now I know but Dana's
great at her job and they know at dinner
today I work for her and yeah why not
yeah I mean she that's her decision I
mean I I delegate by do but when I would
I make Michael Mills press secretary in
my administration nobody do get up there
and just stare at people Oh weird like
no Michael Mo's would be the court
jester
Michael Mudd forced Michael moles to
come in wearing a full-on Jester Costume
and then to dance around to my to my
heart's content and then we would and
then we would drag him out by chain and
place him back underneath the White
House where we would feed him only beans
and biscuits sorry moving on Evan Ben
why do you have a problem with men
wearing minimal clothing ie a crowd
arranger panties well most excite not a
homosexual
so there's that mostly is there another
part of the answer yeah just in general
I'm a fan of modesty so it's both II I'm
not gay so I don't really enjoy that and
also the and also the I'm generally in
favor of modesty but most of it is the I
don't really enjoy seeing men
clothes so it's it's I would say it's
mostly up neither do i which makes it
real hard to work with knowles
or to be married apparently i mean
that's weird mainly labels we should
have taken a picture though of crowder
in his shorts with knowles and his
boxers that he likes to wander around
law office him it's like there's one
creep at every company i would just set
this place on fire man and we have ours
on fire
avi says hi if someone were to travel
back in time 15 to 20 years what would
he have to be like to be friends with a
younger Ben Shapiro I don't know it
wasn't really a friend's person Shaffer
it's always been more of a family person
than a friend's person honestly the the
thing that would have been interested I
always like to have interesting
conversations with people so you'd
actually have to be interested in things
my pet peeve is people who are boring
because the truth is that when people
this is a dennis prager line it's
exactly right when people say they're
bored with things it's because they're
boring right if you're interested in
things and you find the world an
interesting place and you are and you
want to talk about ideas then this was
always true and this is true of my
friends now all of my friends now we
enjoy talking about ideas we don't
really like when when I'm at a lunch
and people are talking about people I'm
really not all that interested in it all
right some Z singer eight says I was
listening to pod save America I don't
know why a couple of weeks ago they
mentioned how Oklahoma that's my home
state passed a massive tax cut that
crippled the state's finances how much
of this is true you know honestly I
don't know the answer to that I'd
actually have to research that I haven't
paid a lot of attention to Oklahoma
because I don't live there but it's but
I'll check that out when I get back in
that one all right Brad says Ben my dad
is in kidney failure and had a heart
transplant a year ago I spent all of my
savings for bills and had to take out a
loan for grad school I think I am in
need of charity any advice well I don't
know what social organizations you are
associated with but for me all I can say
is that I would go I assume that you
have family beyond your immediate family
I would start with that I would then
move out to a broader religious
community for part of a broader
religious community and then there are
charities that are set up specifically
for for cases like this I do think that
the American people are extraordinarily
generous people and and willing to help
out people who are in deep need and and
suffering and so I don't know you know
kind of where you're located in life but
that's that's where I would start Dylan
says hi Ben what is the best pro tip for
starting us
festival business spend one less dollar
than you make really this is it sounds
stupid and easy but it isn't most people
think that you just blow out the
spending then you'll make it up later
and the reality is at the beginning
there will have to be a little bit of
debt if you want it if you want to be
involved in building a successful
business because marketing is really
where most of it is that people spend a
lot of money on infrastructure and
people and where you really ought to be
spending all of your money is on
marketing whatever product you do best
because the marketing provides you the
the funnel and then the and then at the
very bottom of the funnel is the number
of customers you're gonna get so spend
money on marketing but make sure that
you're not overspending in other areas
particularly staffing before you
actually have the demand to to meet the
supply all right we have a fan from
Israel who says do you think there's a
possibility of something happening in
the United States that is so bad that it
will force you to make alia am I saying
that right yes and which means emigrate
to Israel and he also says Shabbat
Shabbat I mean if there were pogroms in
the United States if it got to the point
where religious people were being forced
to violate their their actual religious
prescriptions and I didn't have another
choice inside there's a federal law that
came down and said I couldn't circumcise
my son right or there was a federal law
that came down that banned shaquita
which is the the kosher slaughter of
animals for example you actually see
this in Europe right if the if
immigration of anti-semites became so
large that regular crimes against Jews
were being yeah we're endangering my
children I would have to think about
that but it really would have to be I
mean America is is my country America's
the greatest country in the history of
planet Earth and I don't have any
intention to make Nelia all right
Christian wants to know hi Ben I was
wondering if there are any examples of
libertarianism being successful and if
not how do we know that it won't turn
into anarchy like socialism has become
communist so the answer is to whether
libertarianism has ever been successful
is that most of America's early
government was essentially libertarian
because the federal government just
didn't have that much power and neither
did state governments basically the the
ideas behind the American government
were libertarian ideas the government
was going to do the minimum amount
possible and social fabric was going to
fill the rest and that led to the rise
of the greatest country in the history
of the world along with the most
powerful economy in the history of the
world so that seems like a pretty good
case study that doesn't mean that
America is a perfect libertarian country
or that it achieved all of its moral
goals particularly in areas of race and
sex like slavery and treatment of women
but it does mean that the the basis of
libertarianism then this work I think
some libertarians go wrong
is that you do have to have a strong
social fabric if you do not have a
virtuous people then libertarianism is
not going to work if you do have a
virtuous people libertarianism will work
virtuous people make for good good
countries almost no matter how you slice
it but there there are easier ways to do
it in harder ways to do it and higher
levels of growth and lower levels of
growth like I think that if you look at
Norway right now which is an
economically successful country it's it
operates along capitalistic principles
and has a high level of state ownership
and state-sponsored capitalism but most
of the growth in Norway most of Norway's
economic growth predates the
establishment of a more socialist system
and is really due to the fact that
Nordic social fabric was extraordinarily
strong long before any of these social
programs were ever attempted which is
why if you look how Norwegians earn in
the United States actually earn more in
the United States on average and they do
in Norway and the same is true of danes
from denmark and it's true of people who
are swiss basically if you take
successful populations in any area and
you import them to a free system like
the United States or a freer system
they're likely to earn more than they
would in a non-free system and I have to
add to being a fan of the Scandinavian
countries with French from there Norway
is the most expensive expensive of the
skin and it's incredibly expensive to
have in these places that but the reason
they're able to survive is because they
have a strong social fabric or did and
now that social fabric seems to be on
the wane because of loss of civilized
values with regard to judeo-christian
values and lack of birthrate and people
being imported from other countries that
don't necessarily respect Western values
and it's creating this radical upsurge
across Europe in kind of far-right
nationalist parties that pledge to make
their countries powerful again through
nationalist in-group exclusion of others
got it Megan says that she works for a
company here in Southern California it's
a Chinese owned company that imports
furniture from China and the mood in the
office lately is very frantic she's
specifically asking about how these
tariffs are going to affect the economy
I mean they are gonna have a cost on the
economy and it depends how widespread
the tariffs are and which companies they
affect but there's no question that
American to import an enormous amount of
goods and services that they then use as
inputs for their particular products if
you make a car in the United States most
of that car is getting made in places
other than the United States and if a
car is made in Germany a lot of that car
is actually made in the United States
and then shipped to Germany for final
assembly for example well that suggests
that if you are to cut off the supply or
raise taxes on the supply of goods from
China you're raising prices of American
American products you're forcing
American taxpayers to pay more now there
may be good national security reasons to
to tariffs China let's say that you
actually think that the way to to hamper
China's aggression in the South China
Sea is to place economic tariffs on them
the way to undermine their
state-sponsored their state-controlled
capitalism is to is to basically tariff
them that's a national security case
it's not an economically beneficial one
I think there's a case for it but I
think that it's a likes to suggest the
tariffs are suddenly going to make
America more prosperous all right Ryan
wants to know if you would have been
best friends with best-selling author
Michael Knowles in college no why not so
Michael Moses a deeply immoral man in
college you know I don't want to let her
go I don't want to spell although
Michael moles the secrets let's just say
that there are hundreds of little
michael moles is running around from his
days at yale and that was not what i did
when i was in college i was i was always
pretty straight-laced it sounds like
michael was a party animal back when he
was in college
which means he was a douchebag back in
college and so i probably wouldn't be
friends with him then well i'm trying to
be friendly Alicia I'm trying to be I
also don't know that he could have
gotten into Harvard Law well he clearly
couldn't go that's why he's here but so
are you
I graduated there person Marcel says hey
Ben what is your take on the European
Union's attempt to distribute migrants
among member states and about the
backlash that is on the rise in some of
those countries and thanks a lot for
what you do well I think it's a huge
mistake the European Union should not be
attempting to distribute refugees
without vetting them once you get into
the European Union there's freedom of
travel and that has led to a massive
upswing in right-wing nationalist
parties who are rightly looking and a
lot of these refugees are
disproportionately male and saying these
are folks who are not going to
assimilate well to our nation obviously
the best example of that were the New
Year's sex assault attacks that happened
in Germany among other countries and a
lot of countries in Eastern Europe
looked at that and said well we're
shutting our borders we're not doing
this is what Hungary has done the the EU
is not established in order to
redistribute immigrants from countries
that have no vetting and it doesn't seem
unreasonable to me for countries inside
the EU to look at this and say listen
I'm not interested in integrating people
who we have not been it ourselves we're
still a sovereign nation not taking that
seriously is one of the reasons that the
e they're there two reasons that use in
serious trouble reason number one is
because
it's an economic Federation in which
half the members have decided to simply
live off debt that's always a mistake
and number two the the influx of
migrants from countries that have not
been vetted and then the free movement
of people from country to country is
leading a lot of folks who are natives
of those countries to say these people
have not integrated into our country in
any way why would why why should we do
this well this was not the deal
all right Louis wants to know Benjamin
the great the Shapiro 20 2014 your store
has my wife and I all excited are you
just teasing us all I don't know am i I
don't know who knows the future may
bring different things I don't know I
don't know Maximilian wants to know can
you recommend any good books that
describe the problems and possible
solutions for the United States
education there is a there is a book
that so Orrin Kass has a new book out
called the case for the American worker
I think it's called I recommend it on
the show it's it is a very good book and
it has a chapter on education there's
also a good book that came out a few
years ago about I think it's the Swedish
education system and the South Korean
education system and lessons that we can
learn from those education systems the
main ideas of these education systems is
that we need an education system that is
more skills based and less kind of
general education based at least once
you get to middle school and above we
need vocationally based education which
is what you have in a lot of European
countries in in the Scandinavian
countries a huge number of people go to
vocational training and don't just go
straight to a liberal arts college
disproportionate numbers of people go to
liberal arts majors in the United States
and those aren't necessarily marketable
quantities after you after you graduate
we also need to recognize a basic fact
about education most of the value of
education is gonna be happening in
though the great lie the government can
fix what what the home broke is just not
right if you are living in a downtrodden
area with a lot of families where
education may not be valued and this has
nothing do with race there lots of white
communities like this lots of black
communities like this if you live in one
of those communities it's gonna be very
difficult for the school to fix all of
that for you if you live in a community
where education is highly valued poverty
rate almost doesn't matter your kids are
gonna do well in school because you care
about education so the best thing you
can do for your own child's education is
recognize that you are the chief but you
you are the chief instigator in your
child's education is your job make sure
you
educated properly and that's something
that you and micro touched on in his
Sunday's special interviews the
vocational jobs and how many of them are
out there that pay so well literally
millions literally millions of jobs and
if you look at the top ten majors in the
United States they're all engineering
majors Chemical Engineering petroleum
engineering and then if you look at the
bottom it's all education communications
English like the drama all the ones you
would think don't earn a lot of money
turns out they don't earn a lot of money
that's something that you and Christina
Hoff Sommers talked about as well the
early childhood education is what women
typically go into and it pays crap
alright then they're like why is there a
wage gap yep because early childhood
education that's present wage gaps we
know the Sunday special Ben says that he
wants to know how much prouder leg cam
do they have to mentally prepare for
before watching this week's episode you
know I don't know how they shot it I can
tell you that when I was in the opposite
chair it was it was it was probably the
most difficult thing I've ever had to do
I mean and I've and I've watched my kid
go through open-heart surgery I mean
that was that was that was one of the
most that was just it was brutal
I mean I had to have full-on therapy
afterwards it was it was it was quite
the time I mean I don't I don't like to
go back to that time did they have to
like blur it out in the editing their
little like you'd have to ask the
editors all I know is that steven
crowder is a bad man and what he's done
to people's minds you know with that
sort with that sort of inappropriate
indecent exposure I I'm not sure can be
undone all right so brace yourselves
this Sunday your Sunday steven crowder
day for a lot of crowd were like vs
tumblr folks tumblr always wins
please remember that our conversation is
live for everyone to watch but only
subscribers did get to ask the question
so your if you're wondering where all of
these amazing questions are coming from
they're coming from our incredible daily
wire subscribers you can click on the
link in our video description to ask
questions or sign up over at daily wire
calm and be sure to tune in for next
month's episode it's going to be on
Tuesday October 16th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and it's
featuring our very own Andrew Clavin
yeah less hair more wrinkles john wants
to know when does Sabbath officially
start is it when the sky turns darker at
a specific time
and when will you have a rabbi on the
sunday special that's a good question as
far as where a rabbi on the Sunday
special I figured that you know it might
be a little too jewy for y'all so you
know having it depends whether we can
find is that you would like to have
Jonathan she has to be great ok GaN is a
he's the former chief rabbi of
Great Britain yeah he'd be terrific and
he's he's got a lot of philosophical
knowledge studied philosophy at
Cambridge I believe he's really
interesting too as far as when Sabbath
happens it is at sunset so you can look
at a calendar and determine when Sabbath
begins in the Jewish community tend to
start a little bit before him because
you don't want to miss the Sabbath
because if you actually miss it then you
can't like the candles for the Sabbath
you're not allowed to Kindle a flame on
Sabbath so we have a calendar at our
house that shows what time Sabbath
starts I think tonight it's something
like 6:30 625 Pacific time which is why
we can still be on the air if you're
watching this on the East Coast so I
still have a solid three hours before I
have to shut off for the for the Sabbath
and that's why when you went on Bill
Maher show you had such like a limited
time yeah that's right actually he was
so Bill Maher wanted me on for a long
time and I was interested in going on a
show but it always had always films on
Friday night and they're legitimately
two Sabbath's a year where I could be on
for any portion of the show and I said
to them like even if you want me on the
panel the only way I can do even part of
the panel is at 7:50 cuz when Shabet
Shabbat started at 7:45 I'm gonna get up
I'm gonna take the microphone off I walk
off your panel and I was just leave the
studio and then I'll just walk over to
the nearest shul
but they were nice enough to make it so
that I could just do the interview at
the very beginning I ran out hopped into
a car made at home for Shabbat in plenty
of times I got alright well hopefully at
least once a year we'll get you back
over there well then they yeah I mean
they would like to they were trying it
for a couple of years they just has to
work logistically cool Christopher says
hi Ben do you think a goal oriented
person and someone who has no long-term
goals can have a stable relationship no
no I mean at first of all I don't think
anyone who has no long-term goals can
have a stable relationship with anyone
including someone else who has no
long-term goals I think that you have to
have some long-term goals whether that
is the goal of creating a family living
a religious lifestyle not being a
virtuous person right these are these
are all goals and people who are not
driven are gonna have a very difficult
time in life because it is the drive to
accomplish the drive to make a
difference the drive to create the drive
to reason and wrestle with existence
that makes you human it's it's I think
lack of directed goal is the chief
reason for depression and the chief
reason for for anxiety and folks they
don't know which direction to turn and
that's why frankly I think
judeo-christian values are very helpful
in this way I mean if you say that God
expects X of me and I have a
I think Duty is much more important than
calling a lot of people are very
interested in calling I think that
feeling that you have a duty to do
something is much more important than
you finding your calling because how do
you find your calling just walking along
on the street one day and you stumble
over it that's not the way that it works
you have to have a deeply inculcated
sense of what it is that you are on
earth to do and you wake up every
morning thinking about how best to
fulfill that what you think the
difference is between duty and purpose
because purpose is a kind of evangelical
term of course so sort of a join cop
yeah yeah I mean I think that the only
difference between duty and purpose is
that Duty is what you have to achieve in
order to accomplish the purpose so you
have to have the end goal in mind but
you also have to you also have to
fulfill steps that lead up to that you
know obviously Judaism is an
extraordinarily duty driven religion
because we have all sorts of things that
we have a duty to do on a daily basis
and that's built into the system
specifically because it's supposed to
help you achieve this purpose of
reaching consonance with what God wants
of you and the universe all right Eric
wants to know what is your opinion of
the Netflix series altered carbon so I
really liked it I really enjoyed altered
carbon it's a lot of gratuitous nudity
so once you get past that but that's
like every show now so I'm legitimately
every show has Ark there's no need for
it but is Mazal it also carbon in
Altered carbon there's there's at least
a sort of rationale for it because the
idea is that human bodies are sort of
interchangeable you can install
consciousness in various human bodies
and so the idea of the body is basically
just a piece of meat is sort of endemic
to the series the it's it's really good
also I am a big James Purefoy fan if you
don't remember plays Mark Antony in Rome
and he plays one of the main characters
in alternate carbon he's a really good
kind of creepy actor and I really
enjoyed it I thought it was quite good
all right I'll have to watch it mark
says hey Ben I'm sixteen years old and
I'm worried about what is happening to
my generation do you have any advice on
addressing people that are my age who
seem not to care about the future of
America well I mean I think that the key
to addressing people is not to lecture
them on what you think they ought to be
thinking I think that the I talked to
high school students all the time and
when I talk to high school students
usually what I say is what is it that
you are interested in and now how can we
direct what you're interested in towards
something higher useful good the where
fulfillment lies is in the
is in the confluence between the stuff
that you are good at the stuff that
there is a market for and the stuff that
you like right so those three things has
to be something that you like and it has
to be something that other people care
that you're doing and then it has to be
stuff that you're good at right so those
are that may mean that the thing that
you like the second most is actually the
thing that you have to spend your
primary time on because there's no
market for like you like finger painting
okay well finger painting ain't gonna
provide a market nor are you
particularly good at it so why are you
doing it all day you actually have to
find what lies in that confluence that
starts when you're in high school with
what do I like and what am I good at and
when you're high school you know that
and then the question is how do you
direct that toward what is there a
market for what makes a difference and
and then I think that that's where
happiness lies again this goes back to
the purpose directed question people who
have no purpose have trouble and when
you're a teenager it's hard to discern
purpose but that's when it's most
necessary to start thinking about what
you want your life to be like alright
Samuel says hello Benjamin
I am a 1l and at the University Oh first
year law student at the University of
Missouri where I'm also studying econ I
have finished postulates the law and I'm
curious about your opinions on him what
would you recommend or who would you
recommend reading next so Bastiat for
those who don't know is sort of the
classic libertarian text the law is a
pretty short pamphlet about 50 pages
long maybe all about you know the role
of the state and how the state is almost
the Great destroyer I would recommend as
a counter to to Bastiat you might one
read Edmund Burke simply because Burke
was also a conservative who was
distrustful of government but he also
believed that government and and social
fabric needed to exist for the express
purpose of of keeping traditions going
that you shouldn't tear out a fence
before you know what the fence was for
uri boss gets the law and then you're
basically like okay let's just tear out
everything and you read burke you're
like well maybe we should still tear
things out but we should know why we're
tearing things out first I recommend
Edmund Burke is sort of the
counterweight alright Mary says hey Ben
you answered one of my questions last
week about the first site you go to when
you wake up my follow-up question is of
those you follow on Twitter which sites
do you trust the most um it's more which
journalists I trust the most and I
follow a wide variety because the way
that I gain trust is not in particular
people but in people from various sides
of the aisle reporting on the same issue
so the way that I tend to look for what
I think is factual is I find somebody on
the left and then I find somebody on the
right and then what they are saying
that's in common is the fact and
everything else is their opinion so if
I'm
reading a piece from the New York Times
and then I see a counter from Andrew
McCarthy at National Review then that
gives me a good perspective on what are
the two views on a particular set of
facts and it allows me to draw out what
exactly was the set what exactly was
factual and what exactly was opinion
driven all right saez says why do
pro-choice advocates always correlate a
pro-life stance to religion you don't
need to be religious to be pro-life and
science tells us that life starts at
conception and it doesn't have anything
to do with really one of my absolute pet
peeves the reason that they do this is
because they think that religion is
stupid and so anything they can blame on
religion is similarly stupid this is
really why it's it because if they
actually had to deal with the ACMA the
scientific argument may be in trouble
because there's no scientific
differentiation between a fertilized egg
on day one and a fertilized egg on day
40 a fetus on on day 50 how do you how
do you make that distinction with any
sort of intellectual rigor or or any
sort of philosophical consistency very
very difficult to do so and so instead
what they do is all you only believe
that because you're Jesus Freak oh you
only believe that because of what it
says in the Book of Psalms who cares
what the Book of Psalms is like well I
care about the book songs that's not why
I believe that I believe that regardless
I've never made a religious case in
favor of the pro-life position I think
that the the only thing that is
necessary from religion to having a
pro-life position is the same thing that
is necessary from religion to having a
liberal democracy or a rights based
society and that is every human being is
made in the image of God I think that
that has to come from a higher source it
has to come from some feeling of
objective morality if it does not then
you ends up in moral subjectivism where
you can kill like a newborn baby let
alone a baby in the womb Gary wants to
know if Trump somehow was booted from
office would you consider running him
2020 me t-shirts yeah exactly I mean
first of all I don't think that's going
to happen second of all I'm I think
there are a bevy of good Republican
candidates who are out there including
nikki Haley who is my spirit animal as
I've said before and also the most
popular politician in America so I love
her she's she's great I also love that
the New York Times went after her for
curtains that weren't even her but
Samantha Power's and Obama's right yeah
those nose does write the note I'm sent
retract the entire story it's pretty
great it's amazing Kendall says Ben I'm
taking an English class this semester
and I'm writing about abortion and I was
wondering if there was any books
articles or resources that you could
recommend on the subject so I mean when
we actually get around to it I have a
whole book of kind of myths and facts
myths pervade by the left I have several
pieces
abortion I've done several videos on
abortion that are worth taking a look at
you should frankly the abortion topic is
read a biology textbook that's that's
that's really what the abortion topic is
about because I think just comes down to
whose rights Trump whose rights right is
your right to control your body greater
than the right of the infant within you
to live do you think that the infant at
any point was not worthy of living if it
was not developed enough why does that
argument new how can that argument be
intellectually consistent based on on
what you are suggesting because some
people suggest sentience as the as the
standard in which case I'm not sentient
law and sleeping can you kill me
you know some people suggest it's it's
brain development in which case there
are lots of people who are born who have
mental issues does that mean we can kill
them now these are all issues that that
are basically come down to do you value
human life and is this you human life
and it's hard for me to see the counter
arguments of this being a human life
actually I would also add I think Dennis
Prager and per-view have done some good
videos on the torture as well Dennis
specifically broke down the why it is
not the woman's choice because it is a
separate human being right a separate
DNA structure it has every blood type
yeah it's an absurd argument frankly the
biology recommendation is great though
because there's actually somebody in the
office that is ten weeks pregnant and
like there's a working heart
there's working liver and kidneys and
they had a blood test to figure out what
did sex and I'm just sitting here trying
to figure out who's pregnant in the
office the email went out you know what
the yeah yeah I know that one oh that
one I have three fun for now all right
John says of Nikki hailey runs for POTUS
in 2024 would been run as his VP as her
VP yeah I don't want to assume Nikki's
pronouns but but I think shiny yes hey
would you be would you be VP or you just
want to go straight to the top let me
just say this I would be um I would be
the best VP Canada ever as you can just
say antastic VP candidate because the VP
can that it's only job is to destroy
right that really is their only job it's
just like you are the death's-head like
that so that's that your only job is to
go out and wreck people and that's why
Paul Ryan was a terrible VP candidate
because Paul Ryan has yeah I mean he's
never wrecked anything he's a puppy dog
and and you know Joe Biden was good at
that because Joe Biden is a wrecking
ball you need somebody out there is
gonna be a wreck
also also it seems like a fairly cush
job you know I like I'll admit I mean
it's a warm bucket of spit according to
John Adams but you get a nice house out
of it and still get to fly an Air Force
One but it's not called Air Force one
that's right you'd have to travel a lot
and do a lot of fundraising which seems
kind of crappy but um it's there
attractions to the job would I would I
give up what I'm doing to do that you'd
have to make somebody have to make a
very very very strong appeal a very
strong appeal you could help your spirit
animal be in the Oval Office it's a good
appeal but I'd have to I'd have to think
more about it is my campaign I lose a
serious proposal so I think this is okay
well hard to see please Nicki please
Elena says Ben if you could ask God one
question without burning up in his glory
what would it be I mean the same
question that anybody would ask a head
right which is why bad things happen to
good people or it's the same question
that Moses supposedly asked to God in
the book of Exodus when he says that he
wants to see God's face what the
commentaries say is what he's really
saying is I want to understand your
logic that is the question that you have
for God is why you know children suffer
may the dusty have ski question you know
all the healthy ology in the world is
not worth the suffering of one child how
do you how do you answer that question
the answer is there is no good answer to
that question so if you could ask God
one question
that would be the question but you know
there's no great answer to it if there
were then somebody would come up with it
by now
all right Alex says that he was recently
in a poli-sci class and the teacher
pulled up a graph that said
conservatives have gone more extreme
than Democrats in recent years do you
think that this is true and if so why no
this is blatantly false oaken's have not
gone more extreme than Democrats in
recent years the reason I can tell you
this is that if you look at the
Republican platform in 2000 versus the
Republican platform now the only area in
which the Republican Party has moved
right at all isn't some of its talk
about fiscal responsibility
that's legitimately the only area where
they've moved right if you look at the
Democratic platform since 2000 in 2000
the Democratic the Democrats opposed
same-sex marriage the Democrats wanted
abortion to be safe legal and rare right
and Democrats were in favor of fiscal
responsibility I believe in their 2000
message they were in favor of a larger
military they liked the Democrats have
moved wildly wildly to let their not in
favor of nationalized health care they
were still in favor of capitalism and
the dead are still okay with Jerusalem
is right that's right if Jerusalem is
the capital of Israel they weren't
booing Dada at their convention like
they did in 2012 the Democratic Party I
mean their actual charts that show this
at
from RealClearPolitics showing that the
last time the Republican Party moved was
basically 2010 since 2010 the Democratic
Party has shifted significantly the left
say it says do you want to know do you
let your kids watch cartoons and if so
which one yes uh my my daughter is right
now very into The Cat in the Hat
cartoons so she's really likes those I'm
trying to she she does watch Dora the
Explorer trying to think what else you
watch didn't watch that much TV
so it's mote it used to be mostly old
movies and Disney movies so a lot of old
Disney movies she likes in the animated
Disney Princesses what about your son my
son isn't my son can't sit still to
watch TV
my son is bouncing off the walls yeah
it's crazy he he's just the most
charming child
no no it's so cute you know how you
don't big my social media filing would
be if I could show pictures of my
children and my kids are just
astonishingly beautiful they're they're
the cutest jokes there's like their mom
in case you're wondering they do they're
there they're both are there they're the
best and also there comes a time when
they need to go to sleep okay this is
just it like this is what it is to be a
parent is I have to sleep when when
you're a parent you're here's how your
day goes the kids wake up in the morning
like oh this is the best I love my kids
so much
I can't watch them all day and then
about like 11:00 a.m. you're like wow
this is this is kind of draining it's
kind of training I really hope they
their lunch and then as they scream
their way through lunch you're like wow
this is even more training than I
thought it was I hope they DAP soon then
they'd happen to get back up you know
look oh I'm so glad to see you this is
awesome and then by about 7:30 or like
it's time to go to bed daddy needs some
daddy needs a drink
you decided it's time for you it's time
for you to go to sleep right now and
that honestly it's the same way I feel
about American politics these days it's
like it's not I need you all to go to
sleep just stop just stop
daddy's had enough daddy needs a drink
stop but he loves you unconditionally
guys hey daddy your daddy loves you it's
okay I just want to be there in 20 years
when they're on the therapists couch my
kids aren't gonna need therapy you
kidding I'm an amazing father winces hey
Ben what are some good books to read in
order to become more intellectually
fortified so to speak as a conservative
they're an enormous number of them the
journal Goldberg's new book I think is
quite good if you want to go back
further than that I mean Robert Bork's
attempting of America and slouching
toward Gomorrah are quite good Russell
crux conservative mind is very good
Federalist Papers obviously the William
F Buckley has written a couple of books
wrote a couple of books that are that
are fun to read and and quite good
they're about basics of conservative
philosophy then the Heritage Foundation
has a great compendium on the
Constitution that is that's quite
excellent
Edmund Burke of course is sort of a
classical genre honestly I think my new
book is gonna be really good I think my
new book is gonna be a really good for
you to read in terms of kind of giving
an intellectual primer to the history of
Western philosophy that's really what it
is it goes Western philosophy from Sinai
to now and it hits pretty much all the
high points so that should be a good
kind of starting place it's not the
ending place by any stretch of the
imagination there are people who are
much more expert in all of these
philosophers than I am but it is I think
a very solid summation of the evolution
of Western civilization over time due to
the the impact of Jerusalem on the one
hand judeo-christian religion and Athens
meeting Greek reason and Greek natural
law theory on the other I'm really glad
that you added the caveat that there are
people that are more oh no they I mean
there's no question I was gonna start
singing you're so vain to you yeah it's
really good well I I knew that and
that's why I'm definitely going to
caveat again but is it but yes there
there are people who actually spend
their lives studying these texts and far
more depth than I do but they're sort of
widely accepted understandings of these
taxon and that's what I am sort of
trying to drive people take a look at
Paul is a freshman in college who wants
to start a political podcast and needs
tips from you start with the facts and
then give your opinion and this is the
same opinion that I have with regard to
reporting or writing every opinion
column I have basically starts the same
way this week blah blah blah happened on
Monday blah blah happen and then it's
okay and here's now what I think about
these things I think that's the best way
to do a podcast as well even folks on
the left hand listen my podcast and at
least get what happened today they may
not agree with my perspective but
they're gonna hear what was in the news
and then they'll hear my perspective on
what was in the news Alexis says hey Ben
she loved seeing you in Dallas with her
mom sure and how should Catholics such
as myself fend off attacks on her faith
based on the recent scandals she loves
her church but it's obviously very
disappointed Lee yeah I mean as I've
said on the program many times there are
people who are going to defend an
institution no matter how badly the
institution acts but the best way to to
defend your religion is by saying right
I hate that stuff - which is why I'm
fighting it inside my church and that
just because somebody did something bad
inside your church doesn't discredit the
entire church which is why you know I
haven't spent a lot of time
my program even with regard to religions
with which I have greater disagreements
like Islam yeah I haven't spent a lot of
time ripping on
I know spent no time ripping on the
Quran or on Islam as a religion I have
spent a lot of time on the failures of
people to condemn terrorism or the
percentages of folks in particular
countries who support radical ideas but
when it comes to you know religious
observance I think the proof is in the
pudding how you act as much more
important to me than what you think per
se although I do think there's a
connection between how you think and how
you act there's no reason for you to
lose your faith based on people of your
religion acting terribly even if they're
in the hierarchy of your religion it's
just a violation of what they were
design of what they were there to do
Erika wants to know in Crowder's
interview with naomi wolf regarding
abortion she said that in the Jewish
faith there are 40 days before a fetus
is considered a life can you explain
what she meant so this is a
controversial area of Jewish law wrote
an entire piece about this for daily
wire and I wouldn't want to screw up the
summation but there is Tom Munich thing
where it says that before for 40 days
then a fetus is considered Khmer is I
think the Aramaic the meaning like water
I mean he has the whole logic status of
water that said they're heavier Abednego
forties Rebbe moshe feinstein most
prominently rough solavei chick wasn't
really a hoe office but was was he
wasn't opposed egg its per se but he was
a whole office i he felt the same way
they're a huge bevy of religious
authorities and judaism who believed
that abortion is essentially banned
except in the case of the life of the
mother
any straying from that is done on a
case-by-case basis so there was a big
argument the jewish community when I
said this where people are saying well
no it's a case-by-case basis no judaism
says that there is a baseline rule which
is abortion is not allowed and then
there might be what's called the heads
hair there might be like a loosened rule
in specific cases but the baseline rule
is that abortion is is considered sin
now there's really a rich argument in
jewish law about whether it's tantamount
to murder but it's certainly not
something that is allowed regardless of
whether it is considered murder or not
alright mary says that she grew up in a
christian home and she's learned limited
information on revelations and she's
very interested in learning more how did
the Jewish beliefs of revelations differ
from Christianity no I mean a
revelations I assume meaning end of
times I saw so jus it so the the Jewish
kind of time is belief again
controversial because it's not clearly
stated anywhere it's in some of the
prophet
right it's a nice a and there's some
talk in it's Acharya that in Zakaria
about you know the valley of bones and
all that but the but the the basic idea
is according to Maimonides which is the
one that I believe most is that in the
end of times there will that the Jewish
Messiah is a political figure it's not
an out of world figure it's not like
it's not like Jesus who's gonna come
back and actually be God on earth again
there's nothing like that in Judaism the
Messiah is a political figure who is
there for a couple of reasons to
reestablish peace to ensure that Jews
are safe in the in the Land of Israel to
reinstitute the temple services for
example to rebuild the temple and once
those things are accomplished and then
the Messiah has basically done his job
in the messianic era according to my
Monty's Rambam in the Jewish terminology
or in Hebrew terminology anyway is is
the reality doesn't change all that much
other than these things have been
accomplished and now there's peace on
earth so the idea that you're now going
to live forever or you won't have to eat
food or that kind of stuff like that's
not there's nothing like that in in
Judaism there's no idea of rapturing in
Judaism either so Judaism is pretty
practical as far as I'm aware about kind
of the end times but obviously that
that's that is a place of sharp
differentiation with with Christianity
there are other opinions in Judaism that
say that there will be a lot more
miraculous events I tend to be more of a
rational aside you know like how how
Rambam use it all right Dylan says that
you're clearly a movie buff do you have
any scripts you've written or any
projects that you think would be great
movies yeah there's a script that I
wrote that actually in circulation right
now on the story of John Brown who is
the the who was the Christian
essentially terrorist who led the raid
on Harpers Ferry he was trying to lead a
slave revolt in in Harpers Ferry
Virginia this is on the eve of the Civil
War and basically because of John Brown
the Civil War starts John Brown took a
bunch of whites and freed slaves went
down south into Harpers Ferry Virginia
and tried to raid a federal Arsenal he
was gonna try and free a bunch of slaves
go up into the mountains and basically
establish a new republic and he failed
dramatically but in his failure he
brought the issue of slavery to a head
in fact he he met with all these famous
folks like he met he bought he tried to
recruit Harriet Tubman for the mission
she was sick so she couldn't go he tried
to recruit Frederick Frederick Douglass
who turned him down he had he had met
William Seward or people who are close
to William Seward women ended up being
sucker
defense under Lincoln Seward was
supposed to be the actual Republican
nominee in nineteen in 1860 and because
specifically because of his supposed
connections with Harpers Ferry the
Republican Party passed him over and
picked a moderate named Abraham Lincoln
so it's it's really fascinating a lot of
ways at his the people the federal
troops that went to capture John Brown
it turned to a slaughter of John Brown's
men bunch of his sons were killed the
the federal troops were sent to stop the
entire mission were led by a guy known
as robert e lee and at john brown's
hanging where robert e lee's Stonewall
Jackson and John Wilkes Booth who was
who was there with the Richmond Graysons
it's really just a historically
fascinating piece and it really it shows
you how everybody tends to think of
history as sprawling but the truth is
that most people in history kind of knew
each other and this is particularly true
with important events interesting is
there another story that you would like
to work on or like Hollywood make I've
said before I think that there's a great
movie to be made about the Muhammad Ali
Joe Frazier fights I Joe there's a great
documentary called ghosts of Manila well
it's a book called ghost of Manila
that's really fantastic made a
documentary on it for HBO all about the
series of three fights between Muhammad
Ali and Joe Frazier because Ali ends up
becoming this American hero but Frazier
was the guy who really got the raw end
of the deal Frazier was a very Pro
America guy he was he grew up in the
slums of Philadelphia
Muhammad Ali grew up middle class in
Louisiana Muhammad Ali became this this
left-wing hero and really slandered
Frazier in pretty awful ways I mean he
was calling Frazier the gorilla in
Manila and and claiming he was stupid
and really using a lot of racial
stereotypes with regard to Frasier
Frasier never forgave him he came to
have a blood feud it would make it would
make a fantastic movie Michael says hey
Ben it seems Democrats are embracing
socialism in response to president
Trump's presidency would it have been
better if Clinton had one and we just
suffer through the Democrats
administration so in the short in the
short term absolutely not in the long
term you don't know because you never
know what's gonna happen over the next
six years so let's say for example that
President Trump loses in 2020
Republicans lose the house now in the
Senate in 2020 and suddenly it's
Elizabeth Warren with the Democratic
majority in both houses and now Ruth
Bader Ginsburg steps down now Clarence
Thomas steps down and the court shifts
again of a 5-4 in favor of Democrats you
know then you're gonna have to consider
whether the political polarization that
Trump engaged in was worth the cost
with that said have we got an enormous
Manta great policy at a president Trump
right now you have to say absolutely not
it's not worth Hillary Clinton being
president but again you don't know
except in the hindsight of history where
things are gonna turn out four or eight
years from now as I've said before if
the election were held today I'd be
inclined to vote for President Trump for
reelection that changes on almost a day
by day basis depending on his behavior
or his tweets or what Democrats do but
the demo but most of my feeling is that
most of the damage president Trump has
done in terms of the social fabric has
already been done meaning he's already
done it I'm not you know for my mouth to
God's ears hopefully that will stop it
and then you know in terms of the the
other worries that I had those are still
on the table so I can't give you a
straight answer on that because all they
can like right now the answer is no four
years from now I don't know what the
answer is going to be all right Eric
wants to know can we drop michael
knowles in a pit if the rancor pit were
real not only would we drop michael
moles in the rancor pit we were also
clear the area of bones first so that he
couldn't actually use the bones as
implements in his fight against the
rancor we would make sure that sucker
was absolutely clear it was just sand no
stones no rocks we would make sure that
that electronic door at the end with the
grade on it that that sucker was
definitely locked down we would not have
that up that's just there's just bad
logistical work by the folks working for
Jabba which makes sense but that place
was just a pit so Michael has a good
question I mean do to trump and
Cavanaugh and Gorsuch and net neutrality
and all these other things why am I not
dressed Handmaid's Tale style that's
really more of a question for you like I
mean we don't like to force that on
people here we've recommended it I mean
they're they're a bunch of people who
are behind the camera right now who are
wearing handmade outfits it is and
that's yeah it's it's weird around here
but it but you know we would never force
anything like on you and say threaten
you with being fired and you know
threatened your family and anything like
that well no we wouldn't e would never
call you like of Jeremy or something
like that's not something that we would
do so yeah we wouldn't do anything like
that haha
but if Mike Pence were president I can't
say that things would not radically
shift the country be very different if
Mike Pence were president you know I do
look pretty good in red and white so
just saying okay well I mean that's your
choice in
why are you making a pitch for your own
subjugation you look at it look at this
woman who's internalized the patriarchy
look at this michael says ven are you
going to get a DeLorean with a flux
capacitor and go back in time ha ha ha
ha
and go back in time and sabotage Michael
Knowles is DeLorean and fire him after
all if I if I do have that capacity I
will do that not only will I do that
I'll go back to before Michael's parents
met and I'll prevent them from ever
having met it'll be it'll be like Back
to the Future but on purpose I'll go
back and there won't be any seduction
involved but will somehow find an excuse
for separating his parents before they
ever met then nobody will ever know
though the pain that has to let it
happen then my t-shirt wouldn't exist
that's true as you say I fired Luke says
Ben what do you think of the trend of
younger Catholics towards more
traditional Latin liturgies and why do
you think this is from a sociological
point of view is there a similar trend
in Judea so it is good this is good okay
people returning to the traditional
roots of their religion and
understanding the traditional roots of
their religion this is a very good thing
I wrote an entire piece on this for
National Review this week so this week
was Rosh Hashanah which is the Jewish
New Year and next week is Yom Kippur
which is the Jewish day of atonement
these are the high holy days and there's
an article in the New York Times and one
in The Wall Street Journal about all of
these idiotic leftist services where
they don't do any real services they
have things like don't yoga on Yom
Kippur which is idiotic
fully idiotic they crack a lot it's
first I mean you know more about both
yoga and goats than I do you grew up on
a farm and you do yoga so yeah if you
want to talk about yoga here is the
woman to discuss this with you but with
that said yeah the only areas of
religion that are actually growing are
the ones that suggest that these
religions actually have eternal value
these religions are promoting eternal
morality and that these religions matter
more than you having a good time at the
at the church because let's be real
about this if you want to have a good
time you don't go to synagogue if you
want a good time you don't go to church
this is not where you go to have fun no
one has ever been like you know it's
just a Saturday night let's get up let's
go to church man let's do that you
should party it up at the synagogue and
boom it's amazing nobody has ever done
that in human history but people do go
there and have been going there for
thousands of years because the idea is
that there is something a little bit
more important than the latest movie
that
that that's to be available there so if
you think you're gonna drop people with
go yoga you can go for the go yoga and
skip the whole prayer service if you
want people returning to Latin liturgies
and returning to Hebrew you know in in
Jewish services all of this I think is a
good sign for Western civilization young
people should reconnect with their
religion on a basic level while still
understanding the way that religion has
been in tension with reason and has been
to a certain extent changed by by reason
in particular ways over the last several
thousand years I cannot believe this but
we're almost done this is our very last
question Ben gets to TGIF it up after
this arun wants to know and he says that
he enjoyed watching you on bill maher
show but the allotted time was too short
we referenced that earlier would you
have ever had bill on the sunday special
for a longer discussion on free speech
and thought i would love to have bill
maher on the sunday special I believe
we've invited in heavenly I'm not sure
that he's actually returned our phone
calls which is sad and makes me feel
lonely but he but if you were to come
into the Sunday special that would be
great I'd love I'd love to have Bill
Maher obviously all right we're done you
can get out of here thank everyone for
joining us and watching and don't forget
to subscribe to daily wire calm right
now so you can join us for next month's
episode of the conversation on Tuesday
October 16th
I have 5:30 p.m. Eastern and 2:30 p.m.
Pacific that's featuring our very own
Andrew Clavin I am Alicia Krause this
has been Shapiro
have a great weekend we'll see you next
time
