what do you think of Trump's idea for a
space force yeah so you know the the the
Trump naysayers you know they made fun
of it but the fact is the concept of
space force is not new in fact in the
early 2000s I I'm sure I'm not wasn't
the first one suggested this in a
commission that I was appointed to by
then George W Bush are there were twelve
of us to study the future of the
aerospace industry was on hard times
back then it has lost half a million
jobs
there was consolidation it was worried
that if we lose our aerospace industry
that would affect our commerce did you
order something today it's on your
doorstep tomorrow from Amazon an
airplane brought it there alright our
commerce our our transportation and our
security because they make the Jess for
the air for the Air Force jets and maybe
jets so so I'm on a on a pat on a
commission to study this and in so doing
that's when I saw sort of how some of
that sausage is made and what the values
and I said well should we separate out
space from air here these are two
different areas of command and control
the dynamics are different the the
expertise you need to operate in those
regimes are different and the Air Force
guy says we don't think that's necessary
they're in control then and now of US
Space Command we already have space
under military control it's done by the
Air Force so if we made a space force
it's mostly an accounting shift you take
all these things that were under the Air
Force and you shift them over now it's
just a space force the Air Force
launched the GPS satellites might under
the US Space Command branch of the Air
Force so it would not be a weird thing
and we've done this before with the Air
Force right then the world war two it
was the Army Air Force so they were not
their own branch and then we said look
guys if you're training them you need
your trained pilots and not infantry
that's a different thing the engineers
have to fix aerodynamic surfaces and not
tanks so the Air Force became its own
branch of the military and no one today
would question the value of that right
so I imagine the future where no one
questions the value of us
