Norma Donald the comedian or McDonald is
the latest to end up getting trampled by
the pitchfork mob and this was I mean
this was inevitable this was gonna
happen with or MacDonald because he's
known for being irreverent and
politically incorrect and all that and
also he's got a Netflix show coming out
so he's been he has poked his head up
above everybody else and made himself
visible and once you do that then
they're gonna come after you and try to
beat you back down that's the way it
goes so so his his his appearance on The
Tonight Show was canceled a couple
nights ago amid outcry over some
comments that he made comments that
allegedly minimized sexual assault and
racism and supposedly these Carmel read
the chemisty in a minute but his
comments were so terrible that they made
some producers on The Tonight Show cry
the Jimmy Fallon came in two before you
before they're about to go on air and
said you know my producers are in tears
I know I can't these were comments that
Norm Macdonald made to The Hollywood
Reporter he was giving an interview with
The Hollywood Reporter I can't imagine
reading an interview in The Hollywood
Reporter with a comedian and weeping I
can't imagine anything I mean literally
I cannot think of a single thing a
comedian in The Hollywood Reporter could
say that would make me weep I just can't
imagine what that would be but that's
what happened so the appearance was
cancelled and then and then you know
there been a lot of hot takes in the
media explaining why or McDonald's
comments were problematic and
symptomatic and blah blah blah blah blah
so let me I think of everything that he
said in the interview here are the two
segments that have gotten all the
attention and are supposedly
controversial I read them through you
says he says I'm happy the me2 movement
has slowed down a little bit
it used to be 100 women can't be lying
and then it became one woman can't lie
and that became I believe all women and
then you're like what
that chris hardwick guy I really thought
he got the blood the blunt end of the
stick there and then a little bit later
on he says well Lois CK and Roseanne are
the two people I know and Roseanne was
so broken up that I got Louie to call
her even though Roseanne was very hard
on the we before that but she was just
so broken and just crying constantly
there are very few people that have gone
through what they have losing everything
in a day of course people will go what
about the victims but you know what the
victims didn't have to go through that
okay
now let's just let's just say first and
foremost here that the outrage is
ridiculous because he's not wrong about
what he said is he
what where what's the what what did he
say that was wrong
what's he wrong about and I know that
doesn't matter anymore it doesn't matter
with the with the outraged culture it
doesn't even matter if what you said is
true
