Electronic Arts is beta testing its new
video game battlefield 5 the game is a
first-person shooter in which players
fight in world war ii but in order to
keep the game from becoming toxic EA is
banning the use of the word Nazi during
online game chat the Nazi ban raises
several questions for gamers like why
are you shooting it all those German
people and what have they ever done to
you when asked these questions during
online chat players responded with
answers such as it's because they are
and those lousy Krauts are all a bunch
of which seemed highly unsatisfactory
given the appalling level of violence
one gamer said he was killing the
Germans because their leader was quote
literally Hitler unquote but this just
seemed like the usual left-wing
hyperbole after all what's wrong with
Hitler being literally Hitler as long as
he's not a Nazi and is he a Nazi no one
could say there are other controversial
issues with the game for instance some
players complain battlefield 5 allowed
gamers to play as female soldiers
fighting on the front lines which they
said was not realistic
but while Electronic Arts said they
would not remove the female soldiers
they did agree to make the game more
realistic by having them lose every
battle to the superior all-male German
army which they're fighting for no
discernible reason further investigation
revealed that the ban on the word Nazi
was the idea of EA game developer hawk
Mead in with's who previously
contributed to the George W Bush
administration by naming the war on
terror dimwits told reporters quote Bush
wanted to call it the war on radical
Islam or the war on any damned sob you
can't worship God like a civilized human
being but I thought war on terror would
be less toxic by depriving the entire
conflict of any comprehensible motive
unquote battlefield 5 will soon be
available in stores to anyone who wants
to kill Germans for no apparent reason
so it should be a popular game trigger
warning I'm Andrew Klavan and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
tickety-boo there's a we need also sing
Topsy zip it easy
all right hooray the hor-aha guy is back
the eight-year-old called me the race
what my name from now on the parea raga
we have a really interesting interview
with Neil deGrasse Tyson today he has a
new book out called accessory to war and
Tyson gets a lot of dinging from the
right because he has sort of yeah he
said a lot of things about religion and
he made some comments about you know
Trump and right-wingers and all this but
I asked him about all of this it's a
really interesting interview and we had
a very good conversation and I thought
he came across a you know held his put
forward his line pretty well it's really
worth listening to and I hope you'll
hang around for that we will stay on
Facebook and YouTube that's not no
reason it's actually more reason for you
to come over to the Daily wire and
subscribe and also of course the main
reason we want your money
also if you're obviously on the Carolina
coast it's going to be a big clayvin
last weekend over there the hurricane
Florence is coming in my advice to you
do not be an idiot
be a smart guy the way you can tell is
if you are on the Carolina coast and you
turn to the person next to you and he's
no longer there he's the smart guy you
were the idiot okay that's how you tell
that all right and and when you evacuate
take your quip toothbrush with you you
got to have your equip toothbrush with
you because as my dentist has told me
and my dental hygienist has told me that
the electronic toothbrushes are better
for your teeth
and will keep your teeth cleaner and
whiter so you will have that beautiful
smile that you will still have after you
evacuate the Carolina it goes but the
problem with electric toothbrushes is
that they are the size of bazookas not
quick quick has this beautiful slim
design it packs just the right amount of
vibrations into a slimmer design at a
fraction of the cost of the bulkier
traditional electric brushes qyp also
comes with a mount that suctions right
to your mirror I like to suction it
right to my forehead just because it
makes me laugh and it you it unsticks to
use as a cover for a hygienic travel
anywhere whether it's going in your gym
bag or carry-on you can take it anywhere
you go and quip starts at just 25 bucks
and if you go to get quick comm slash
Clavin right now you'll get your first
refill pack free with equip electric
toothbrush very important to subscribe
and get the refill pack every three
months so that's what they recommend
that's your first refill pack free at
get quip comm slash Clavin
that's GE t qu IP comm slash Clavin and
as you brush your teeth you can say to
yourself is que la vie a n so I was I
was on Crowder show yesterday we were
talking about the way we have these
conversations right and the way that
suddenly everything is a revolution
everything is a moral crisis that we're
in all of a sudden it happens just like
the rug being pulled out from under you
so for 2000 years homosexuality is the
sin that dare not speak its name it's so
horrific that you can't even talk about
it you can't even mention for 2,000
years then one day it's like if you are
not in favor of gay marriage you're a
hater you're a bigot you're a terrible
person it's like that it's Tuesday
12 o'clock sorry you were normal before
12:01 you're a hater and by the way if
you're a Barack Obama and you had us
another opinion but it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter but it is you you are a
hater the next day if anybody had come
to you and said you know let's have a
conversation about this let's talk about
this I know 2,000 years I know I know we
thought you know this was oh terrible
sin but here's my argument why it's not
such a we on the show you and I the
audience and I have had civilized
conversations about this back and forth
that have given me a lot of cause to
think about things I hope I've given you
some cause to think about things but if
just one day I came in and said oh you
know that thing you've been believing
for 2,000 years now you stink bang
suddenly suddenly it's a crisis
same thing meant transgenderism even
worse really but transgenderism the the
difference between men and women is a
human universal there is no such thing
as a society that does not divide the
roles of men and women for obvious
reasons why because there are two kinds
of people in the world only two kinds of
people in the world one of them as men
one of them as women they're different
they have different roles they have
different roles in procreation they have
different kinds of personalities so it's
a human Universal that they're different
one day Thursday 1:30 bang if you
believe that you're a hater yes all of
humankind for all of human life has
believed one thing Thursday sorry
you stink so when you have that idea of
course it's all based on the idea that
they are selling you something that they
really don't have an argument for they
really do not have a good arguments and
so they just make it a panic situation
they make it a situation of right and
wrong it's like one one side one idea is
their idea that suddenly there are no
such things as gender suddenly that's a
construct and the other is hatred
there's not like oh what's what is your
one of the things are so interesting
about this conversation between neil
degrasse tyson and i I know he's has
different political views than I do I
know he has different religious views
than I do but we were two people just
talking
we're upon you find that can actually be
accomplished so this brings me back and
I mentioned this yesterday but more
information has come out about it this
brings me back to norm macdonald one of
my favorite comedians really an offbeat
guy I mean I think he's had lots of
problems in his life but he's also stood
up for a lot of things he was thrown off
Saturday Night Live for making jokes
about OJ Simpson when he was on trial
again and he was obviously guilty and
the president of NBC was unhappy because
he played golf with Simpson and
basically that cost him like one of the
top jobs in television just being an
honest guy he's got a big mouth but he
is hilarious I listened to his audiobook
I've said this before based on a true
story he's kind of fake novelized memoir
twice I had to pull off the road I was
laughing so hard I would have died I
said when I say that I mean I literally
would have crashed the car I was
laughing so hard the tears pouring down
my face router calls him the most
important comic mind in the country I
think that's absolutely right he's
certainly the most original stand-up guy
going so he went out he made these
statements about me - he's supposed to
be on The Tonight Show and it was Kimmel
show right was it Jimmy Kimmel show
Valon okay it's Fallon show sorry so he
was going to be on Fallon show and he
made these comments in an interview with
The Hollywood Reporter where he said you
know it used to be they would say well
there's so many women accusing 100 women
can't be lying then it became one woman
can't lie and that became I believe all
women and you're like what and obviously
he's right he's right we don't believe
all women any more than we believe all
many of this right to due process
does when a company has you know 100
people complaining about one of their
employees maybe it's time to look at
that but that is but he's absolutely
right about it and then he said he said
that you know he started to talk about
his feeling for people that he knew like
roseanne barr and louis c.k and he was
talking about how sad it was and all
this and so Jimmy Fallon comes backstage
and here's am reading norming Donald's
description of how he was bounced off
that's a nice show for making these
remarks Jimmy came back in can I talk to
you buddy and he said he was very very
broken up about it he didn't want this
he said I don't know what to do I said
you think I shouldn't do the show and he
said people are crying and I said people
are crying yeah he said senior producers
are crying I said good lord bring them
in let me talk to them I didn't even
know I had the capacity to make people
cry so I felt so bad from that comment
Jimmy said come back whenever you want
but I think it will hurt the show
tonight I said Jimmy I don't want to
hurt your show that's the last thing I
want to do is hurt your show they crying
about what are they crying about I mean
even if he's wrong and some of the
things he said are wrong but even if
he's wrong you know what are they crying
about do you talk to people he's going
on a talk show talk that's all you know
if it's not a crisis why does everybody
have to get fired why does that have to
happen when people why does he have to
get banned I mean they just banned
Brandon Straka
from Facebook for 30 days he's we have
an interview with him we're gonna play
it a little closer to his March he's the
walk away guy walk away from the left
and he's staging a March and they banned
him because he mentioned Alex Jones or
tried to link to Infowars or something
like this they're not banning him for
that they're banning to keep his March
from getting publicized they're doing it
on purpose why why is it a crisis why is
it a crisis but there would be two
different opinions you know and like I
have to say when it comes to this me to
thing oh the funny part about this by
the way is of course of course Norma
Connell had to apologize so he
apologized and said you know I do feel
for the victims of me too because he
made some joke about oh it's not so bad
to be a me-too victim you just buy some
new shoes or something like this and he
said I apologize you have down syndrome
you have to have down syndrome not to
sympathize with the victims every
it's altered people with Down's syndrome
now it's like you just can't move he
can't talk and he's only four people on
the right let's be clear there's only
four people on the right who get
crucified like this for what they say
the thing about the me to thing is this
too this too falls into the same
category of one side is all right and
the other side as crisis is hatred you
know I mean there's no way to have a
conversation about it and I want to I
want to talk about this room and I want
to talk about me too but let me first
talk about helix sleep why because some
of you want a comfortable sleep not me I
just want to lie comfortably awake
because I never sleep and helix sleep is
the way to do it helix sleep has built a
sleep quiz that takes two minutes to
complete and they use the answers to
match your body type and sleep
preferences to the perfect mattress for
you whether you're a side sleeper hot
sleeper or like me a not sleeper helix
there's no more guessing or confusion
just go to helix sleep calm slash Clavin
take their two minutes sleep quiz and
they'll match you to a mattress that
will give you the best sleep of your
life I have their pillow it is so
comfortable I know it's comfortable
because I used it once and then my wife
stole it right now helix is offering up
to a hundred and twenty five dollars off
all mattress orders get up to 125 bucks
off at helix sleep calm slash Clavin
that's helix sleep dot-com slash Clavin
for a hundred and twenty five dollars
off your mattress order helix sleep calm
slash Clavin and let's hear it how do
you spell it it's que la vie aan so the
thing about me too is I feel this is
also there's some nuance room for nuance
here - I have mixed feelings about Kevin
Spacey who obviously behaved badly on
the set of house of cards and on other
sets and was chasing the boys around or
whatever he was doing but since
everybody knew it was going on and
nobody stopped them shouldn't everybody
quit why is it just him him I mean the
rules changed if the rules change I
think the guy has a chance - should get
a chance to adapt to the new rules I
mean even some of these guys who behaved
in really ugly ways toward women if they
didn't actually break the law some of
them were playing but this is what's
going on in this place you know why
isn't everybody to blame
that one guy get targeted so I really do
have feelings feelings about it now in
Les Moonves we were talking about if
those charges of the violent assaults
are true then obviously that is a
terrible terrible thing and now there's
a new one the guy from 60 minutes Jeff
Fager the longtime executive producer of
60 minutes he was fired after Jericka
Duncan I like this because she reported
on it
Jericka Duncan a reporter was said you
know there were accusations against him
in The New Yorker and she said she was
gonna report on it and he wrote to her
if you repeat these false accusations
without any of your own reporting to
back them up you will be held
responsible for harming me be careful
there are people who lost their jobs
trying to harm me and if you pass on
these damaging claims without your own
reporting to back them up that will
become a serious problem so he's saying
that claims are untrue but he threatened
her and that's what he was fired for he
threatened her basically with losing her
job and that's why he lost his job very
disturbing video very disturbing video
of Harvey Weinstein and a business lady
named Melissa Thompson and I'm gonna
show like just a few minutes of this
while she's also talking to I think it's
a Sky News reporter so she's walking the
Sky News reporter through this video she
was selling a demo for her tech startup
company a new video and analytics
service and as part of this she was
recording the sales pitch right and
Harvey Weinstein came in and dismissed
into her office and dismissed all the
people and locked the door and so she's
in there alone with Harvey Weinstein and
he's offering basically to buy her
service but then he starts to flirt you
know flirt with her and he says can i
flirt with you and she says well you can
flirt with me a little she's a very
attractive lady let's just play a little
bit more of this and this is both the
video and her explaining it okay in
Menomonee is your service Marilyn Monroe
okay Simon yeah so your boss and so he's
going from almost pulling a trigger on
using this platform to then he put his
hand up under the table up my dress I
was trying to save face but at first I
was trying to kind of manage
situation there was a combination of
confidence and a naivety that led me to
you know this dynamic that we see now TV
is still hot okay so she's kind of
flirting with him she slaps him on the
shoulder she says date is so hot he says
if you couldn't hear it he's kind of
muttering he says you're so hot and he's
puts her sand under her dress and she
says that's a little high that's a
little high now there's all kinds of
nuance here right you can say oh well
she said he could flirt a little
she didn't say take your hand off me she
said that's a little too high later he
enticed her to his hotel room and raped
her she says she says he he actually
raped her now I got to tell you I
watched this thing I have no feeling in
favor of Harvey Weinstein here
I understand there's nuance he may not
be guilty of anything in court for what
is on that video right he may not be
guilty on anything for anything that's
on that video she herself says she let
him get away with things she kind of
fell into he he's playing her he's good
at what he does he's you know these
these rapists guys are always good at
what they do he's playing her he knows
how far he can go he backs off a little
he comes back on again I got no respect
for him I've got no feeling for him if
he was backed over by a truck I wouldn't
blink okay that's that's the way I feel
about this but the reason I feel that
way is because I'm not a feminist that's
the reason I feel that way if you're a
feminist if you believe that men and
women are equal if you believe that they
are on complete equal footing then she's
responsible she is responsible wholly
for herself she is responsible for
saying take your hand out from under my
dress I do not want you doing that I
don't care whether you buy my product or
not if you're a feminist if you're not a
feminist if you're me like the last non
feminist on earth right then you believe
that he has some responsibility for her
because he's a man and she's a woman
that we have to take care of women a
little bit
we have to watch out for them a little
bit the world has changed when I say I'm
not a feminist it's not like I don't
understand the world has changed it's
that I don't feel women were oppressed I
feel that they had a certain role that
some of that role changed because of
Technology and the world changed that
some of their economic power disappeared
with the Industrial Revolution when a
lot of industries moved out of the home
their women's lives change now they've
changed and moved into the business
world they can make any choice they want
as far as I'm concerned but they don't
stop being women and men don't stop
being men and if men do not behave like
gentlemen women are going to suffer so
you know there's a piece by a New York
Times writer Curt nice endured and she
talks about having a younger man come
over she meets him on tinder good
thinking Courtney she meets him on
tinder and he comes over and everything
he does he asks for permission can we go
to the bedroom can I can I take take off
your sweater can I take off your tank
top you know you to ask every step of
the way
he asks finally he sleeps with her gets
in an uber disappear never calls her
again right and she says well gee maybe
consent should go beyond just sex maybe
afterwards you should have some
responsibility for the person that
you're in and it's like I'm thinking
wait wait I have to you have to give me
your consent after I'm gone after it's
over no that's not the point
you cannot twist the word consent to
mean that but maybe maybe the whole
system is broken you know maybe this
feminist system isn't working maybe you
cannot twist human relations to that
degree and get away with it and so you
know if we discuss these things instead
of bursting into tears if we discuss
these things instead of condemning
people instead of throwing people off I
would have liked to hear the
conversation with noir McDonald if Jimmy
had said said if Fallon had said to him
you know those were some stupid things
to say you know let's hear your excuse
you know that might have been an
interesting conversation crying doesn't
you know there's no crying in freedom
there's no you know it's that door movie
that with Tom Hanks was no crying in
baseball well there's no crying in
freedom you got to be tough to be free
and it's not enough to sit there and say
oh he said something that's hateful it's
hateful find out talk to him
you know I want to just play one more
clip before we go into the Neil deGrasse
Tyson interview because it's a long
interview I don't have time to play at
all but they just released Breitbart got
home
of a meeting the first all staff meeting
that they had at Google after the Trump
election okay and they're - they're
crying so let's just play a little bit
of this they the Ruth Borat she is the
financial officer chief financial
officer describing the elect the night
of the election to the entire staff for
hire staff of Google fighting back tears
I want to take you back to 8:30 p.m. on
Tuesday night I was at home with friends
and family watching the election returns
and as we started to see the direction
of the voting I reached out to someone
close to me who was at the Javits Center
where the big celebration was supposed
to occur in New York City somebody we've
been working on the campaign and I just
sent him a note said you know are you
okay it looks like it's going the wrong
way and I got back a very sad short text
that read people are leaving staff is
crying we're gonna lose how was the
first moment I really felt like we were
gonna lose and it was this massive like
kick in the gut that we were gonna lose
and it was really painful yeah note the
use of the word we there she's talking
to a roomful of people assuming all of
them are on the same side so much to say
about what she just said you know that
we're all on the same side and they
probably are because if they're not they
get fired we know that they fire you for
disagreeing on all these social media
companies when google fires people if
they think men and women are different
so she's fighting back tears it's so
terrible and let's also remember who
Donald Trump was running against right
let's remember that he was running
against you know I don't know what C
means on a classified document I had no
idea those documents were classified I
just saw the letter C I thought they you
know it was like Sesame Street or
something like that you know so the
whole thing is so absurd as if there
weren't two choices to be made there as
it you know it was it maybe it was Gorgo
versus Godzilla but if that was the
choices we had
those are the two choices they had and
she's just assuming that the arc of
justice bent in the wrong direction cuz
she lost an election now they keep
telling us that oh they actually put out
a statement after break but releases oh
yeah but that doesn't affect our our you
know actual work well we know it affects
that work we have an email showing that
they used their they use Google to
direct especially Latinos to get them to
vote because they knew that they vote
for Clinton they believed it was the
people actually doing it said in a
stolen email that they believed that
this was something they were doing to
help Clinton there is a movie coming out
a documentary called creepy line the
creepy line and it's about the power
these people have and I just want to end
with that because I want you to remember
is this is just a mindset they're the
ones were afraid of conversation I'm not
afraid to talk to anybody you ever have
anybody on this show they're the ones
who are afraid of conversation because
they're the ones who've created the
system in which there's their way and
there's hatred and this is just a
reminder from it this is the trailer for
this movie creepy line of just how
powerful they are Facebook constantly
manipulates their users they do it by
the things that they insert into the
news feeds they do it by the types of
hosts they allow their users to see they
can suppress certain types of results
based on what they think you should be
seeing based on what your followers are
presenting it's what Google and Facebook
are doing on a regular basis by
suppressing stories like steering us
towards other stories rather than the
stories were actually seeking that's the
real manipulation that's going on I was
a design ethicist at Google where I
studied how do you f eclis fear people
stuff it will always favor one online
music service over another and one
candidate
Google and Facebook has the power to
undermine democracy without us knowing
that democracy has been undermined
there's what I call the creepy line and
the Google policy about a lot of these
things is to get right up to the creepy
line but not cross it you know these
guys have so much power and they talk so
much about making the world a better
place and serving humankind and all this
stuff they would serve humankind so much
more if they would teach people to talk
to one another instead of defining hate
for them and defining fake news for them
and and editing people and censoring
people if they would just introduce ways
to debate they would do so much more for
humankind because that's the problem we
have that we're not talking to each
other it's almost time
stalking about conversation it's almost
time for the next episode of the
conversation here it is tomorrow at 5:30
p.m. Eastern is that right that can't be
right
it's tomorrow Friday okay I always
loaders on Tuesdays tomorrow at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific all of
your questions will be answered by The
Daily wires own Ben Shapiro and you can
record it and slow it down so you
understand what he's saying he may not
guarantee his responses will change
their life the way mine do but they'll
still make you the smartest most
well-informed person on your block that
is true they will as always this episode
will be free for everyone to watch on
Facebook and YouTube but only
subscribers can ask the questions once
again subscribe to get your questions
answered by Ben tomorrow at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific join the
conversation so please stay tuned and
listen to this interview with Neil
deGrasse Tyson we get to the god
question at the end but he has lots of
interesting things to say about his new
book accessory to war the unspoken
alliance between astrophysics and the
military the book is out now he is of
course an astrophysicist and author of
podcast TV host and director of the
Hayden Planetarium in New York City one
of my favorite venues in New York City
his podcast Startalk is emmy nominated
and his show cosmos a spacetime Odyssey
which debuted back in 2014 when four
Emmy Awards a Peabody Award two Critics
Choice Awards and more the write loves
to attack him but I think you'll find
this this interview really interesting
neil degrasse tyson thanks so much for
coming on I appreciate it yeah thanks
for having me and thanks for your
interest well the book is called
accessory
or really interesting I'm reading it
written with your research associate
Avis Lange you're talking essentially
about a marriage between the defense
industry and astrophysics is that is
that a fair way to put it that's
precisely what the entire book is about
and the fact that it's 600 pages long is
a small indication of how rich and
nuanced and extensive and timeless that
relationship has been and the subtitle
of the book that there's accessory to
war the unspoken alliance between
astrophysics and the military none of
this is secret it just never no one ever
has the occasion to reflect on it
whereas the physics community we know
they made the ball you know the H bomb
and the a-bomb you needed a physicist
for that they tap the energy of the atom
and chemists you know they made napalm
and you know chemical what the
traditional sciences have obvious
applications to conflict when you think
about it but my field not so much you
say well I'd wonder what it is and so
this book is an exploration of the
history of that relationship so let's
let's go let's start with now and then
go back at the time right right now what
what is the relationship
what is the defense industry looking to
astrophysics for well so it's a it's a
great question and in a very recent
example and oh by the way just to be
clear since we don't make the bombs or
the weapons but what we care about is
strongly overlaps with what the military
cares it so we care about detecting
really dim things in multi spectral
wavelengths that's exactly what the
military cares about and our
intellectual advances in those and
innovative advances in in those
categories have direct application to
things that the military cares about
including stealth and in two recent
examples we once mapped the entire sky
using infrared again this is part of the
multispectral imaging when we think of a
spectrum we think of naively you just
think of
like a rainbow red orange yellow green
blue violet but the entire
electromagnetic spectrum is not only
visible light but it's infrared and
ultraviolet and x-rays and gamma rays
and radio waves we've heard of these
bands before but maybe didn't put them
all together as one construct all of
that is light and through our own
innovations primarily through that of
engineers and scientists we found ways
to exploit each of those bands of light
for our own needs and civilization we
take microwaves and we use it for
communication and to heat our food we
have infrared again it's invisible light
but we use it the infrared part of bulbs
to keep like the French fries warm at
McDonald's for hours before you buy it
but also missiles moving through the
atmosphere leave infrared signals
signatures and we have maps of the sky
charting every single infrared emitting
object in the universe detectable from
Earth well if you want to detect a
missile you want to know what's not a
missile first okay so you need to know
that the background infrared signatures
that are out there so that if something
is then moving across it you can then
identify target it and take it out so
this is an example where we create an
infrared map the military just takes it
in a an example another example of
recent years there's the Sloan Digital
Sky Survey which is a huge collaboration
of many universities Sloan is the major
funding Organization the Alfred P sloan
Foundation they fund not only sort of
educational programming on PBS they also
fund science actual science experiments
and projects this is the largest survey
of objects in the night sky that has
ever been conducted it every star every
galaxy every quasar everything that goes
bump in the night is now in this catalog
this project was conceived knowing that
the bandwidth of data that it's
producing nightly would be so huge that
you want to create algorithms to process
that information effectively and
efficiently otherwise you're awash in it
and he can't do anything with it so we
had whole teams of computer scientists
guided by the needs of the astronomical
questions were asking and they developed
very innovative of pipelines data
pipelines to obtain process and
interpret the information this thing
gets published in computer journals
because it's all innovative without
precedent national security interests
took notice and our people then briefed
the national security agencies of the
United States on what these algorithms
are because they want to do the same
thing they want to take scads of
information process it and come out with
interpreted information that means
something it's not just noise in the din
of signals so and that's just two
examples just in recent years but this
goes all the way back to navigation in
the times of Columbus Magellan Galileo
basically selling his telescope to the
military to get money and then he looks
at the Sun Moon and stars and the middle
said oh my gosh have a telescope I can I
can see the enemy when they can't see me
and I can know how big their troop
movement is and they don't know that I
know this what an advantage I have so
this this is the kind of relationship
that's explored and and there's also it
seems to me things that come out in
ancillary ways that when the military
and astrophysics works together we
actually learn things that we might not
have learned without that marriage is
that fair to say yeah that's fair but I
wouldn't so much call it a marriage as
because marriage implies you're always
talking to one another the case well or
not but I whatsits think of it as like a
two-way street
or where we're neighbors and there's a
picket fence and every now and then I
come up here what's cooking over there
oh we just developed through this and
kept oh I could use one of those and
then they'd come out and look over the
picket fence and see what we've
developed then they'd reach over and
take it we can't prevent them from
taking it because we just publish the
data and it's at that point it's in
public domain
but if that's what their relationship is
and the the the biggest contribution I
would say historically has been towards
navigation if you have whatever your
motives are is it defense is it empire
building you want to know where your
enemies are and where they're not and if
you navigate around the globe how do you
know where you are you know they don't
longitude and latitude lines imprinted
in the ocean surface or on land masses
we learn this because astronomers of the
day mapped the Sun Moon and stars and
that became a coordinate system for the
sky projected down onto Earth's surface
and once you do that and you know how to
read this then you can then navigate and
in one example of this a stunning
example Captain Cook well heard of the
guy he was sent to the South Pacific to
actually do a science experiment to
observe what's called a transit of Venus
only happens in every 200 years a couple
hundred years
Treena Venus moves between Earth and the
Sun you can see a black disc move across
the Sun as Venus orbits okay it's a slow
slow thing but it's important you make
that measurement precisely you can use
geometry to figure out the distances in
and among the planets in the solar
system the interesting astronomical
challenge
he gets sent with telescopes and tools
to make these measurements Oh what this
is Great Britain that sent him what was
their motto for centuries the Sun never
sets on the British Empire well why do
they get to say that they got to say
that because we're among other reasons
Captain Cook had a second set of
instructions on the flip side of first
observe the Venus oh here here's new
navigation tools our astronomers just
perfected use it to map coastlines of
every landmass that is unfamiliar to you
and bring that information back it
brings it back within 18 years
Great Britain took control of northern
Australia of Tasmania of New Zealand of
the Cook Islands of Pitkin islands of
Fiji of Tuvalu all of these island
states in Oceania Britain took control
over and they started shipping convicts
to us
and so this was empire building
exploiting the knowledge of astronomers
to accomplish it but there's but there
is also I mean we do want to defend the
country it's not necessarily a bad thing
I mean what what do you think of Trump's
idea for a space force yeah so you know
the the the Trump naysayers you know
they made fun of it but the fact is the
concept of space force is not new in
fact in the early 2000s I I'm sure I'm
luck wasn't the first one suggested this
in a commission that I was appointed to
by then George W Bush are there were
twelve of us to study the future of the
aerospace industry was on hard times
back then it had lost half a million
jobs
there was consolidation it was worried
that if we lose our aerospace industry
that would affect our commerce did you
order something today it's on your
doorstep tomorrow from Amazon an
airplane brought it there right our
commerce our our transportation and our
security because they make the jes for
the inference or force jets and maybe
jet so so I'm on a on a on a pat on a
commission to study this and in so doing
that's what I saw sort of how some of
that sausage is made and what the values
and I said well should we separate out
space from air here these are two
different areas of command and control
the dynamics are different the the
expertise you need to operate in those
regimes are different and the Air Force
guy says we don't think that's necessary
they're in control then and now of US
Space Command we already have space
under military control it's done by the
Air Force so if we made a space force
it's mostly an accounting shift you take
all these things that were under the Air
Force and you shift them over now it's
just a space force the Air Force
launched the GPS satellites might under
the US Space Command branch of the Air
Force so it would not be a weird thing
and we've done this before with the Air
Force right World War two it was the
Army Air Force so they were not their
own branch and then we said look guys if
you're training them you need your a
trained pilots and not infantry that's a
different thing
the engineers have to fix aerodynamic
surfaces and not tanks so the Air Force
became its own branch of the military
and no one today would question the
value of that right so I imagine the
future where no one questions the value
of a space force that makes sense I were
talking about the book accessory to war
Neil deGrasse Tyson and Avis Lange I
want to ask you about something else and
I don't mean this is in a debating way
but it's something I've always wanted to
talk to scientist I a real science
writer about I read a lot of science
books a lot of popular science books and
I loved it
and I'm also a devout Christian and I I
have noticed almost every book I read
now has chapter after chapter explaining
to me why God doesn't exist and one of
the things that always bothers me about
this is is that the arguments the people
who are writing are fantastically
intelligent and informed but their
arguments are not really theologically
informed I I wonder if it is a problem
that scientists talk about this in the
same way it's a problem to have actors
talk about politics
do you ever feel that you're being asked
you've been taken away from your
expertise on this question so so so a
couple of reactions to that first let's
look at some numbers and these numbers
are accurate the last I knew of them if
there's an updated survey I'd have to
check on that if you look at the
percentage of Americans who are
religious and there's a there's an
interesting way to answer that question
unambiguously rather than ask do you go
to church every every weekend if people
go to church you just go for the
cupcakes you know or to meet people and
you don't want to count them among those
who are religious just cuz they say they
go to church so you want to ask a deeper
question so you can ask do you pray to
God with the expectation that God's
divinity will touch you in some way and
come in and influence events or
phenomenon in your life if you answer
yes to that you're religious we yeah
we're good with that
okay that's a really clean sharp divider
okay this also weeds out people who I'm
spiritual but you audio you do have any
plan you know so so alright if you ask
that question something like 85% of
Americans are religious
you go to academia so people who are
highly sort of educated folks in any
field that number drops to about sixty
sixty-five percent you go to science
trained people so the engineers
mathematicians and the fifth end of
physical sciences biological said it
drops further you get to about forty
percent then you want to divide it up
you get to sort of the biologists
they're actually down around fifteen
percent
my field is a little more than that
maybe 18 percent my point is whatever
books you're reading if they're trying
to argue that God doesn't exist and
they're written by science trained
people it's not written by the 40
percent who pray to God okay so this
fact number one fact number two I don't
know what books you're reading but most
science books I read don't mention God
you attracted to the ones that I don't
know which ones you reading well I'm
attracted I'm attracted the books that
have a big outlook and I'm reading books
like sapiens and enlightenment now I
just finished one just babies okay yes
yes all right so now I get where you're
coming from if you're just reading a
book on black holes they're not talking
about God right right right yeah yeah
right right but yeah if you read the
larger philosophically driven books
there will likely be if not a part of a
chapter a whole chapter addressing this
and so I can't speak for them but I can
speak for myself
and and I will here and now and what
I'll say is my only issue with let's
take Christianity specifically because
it's most familiar to us in the United
States and presumably to both of us a my
only issue is if you are using your
Christianity to interpret the Bible in
such a literal way that it directly
conflicts with objectively established
scientific evidence oh and by the way I
don't even have a problem with that I
only have a proud of that if you now
want to take that into the science
classroom and present it as science it's
not science it's theology
religion if it's anyone put it in the
religion classroom put it in comparative
religion put it in Sunday school uh you
don't have here's something I think is
interesting you don't have scientists
much less atheists picketing outside of
churches say that might not necessarily
be true generally respect for what you
do on a Sunday or if you're Jewish on a
Saturday okay
and unless you're in a really rapid
racist neighborhood
you're not going to harm the Muslim
who's praying the five times a day in
this country the free expression of
religion is one of its most beautiful
strongest points that's what attracted
so many immigrants because they couldn't
practice the freedom of religion when
they came from okay so all right so so
well so meanwhile while you don't have a
theist picketing churches you have
fundamentalist Christians trying to
influence school boards to change the
science curriculum now what I will say
there is a simple response it's because
education is not mentioned in the in the
Constitution by default it means it's
now the purview of the state's anything
not explicitly forbidden in the
Constitution is allowed and controlled
by the states okay which means states
control education school boards control
education if you are on a school board
and you're deeply devout to the point of
being fundamentalist that is every word
in the Bible is literally true and you
want to put that in your science
classroom no one can stop you no I
you can outvote anybody who wanted to
keep science as it is traditionally
taught no one will stop you but I can
tell you what will happen those students
will not know what science is or how and
why it works and science that knowledge
is fundamental to the future of the
economic growth of the nation our health
and our security so so your objection is
not is not to God per se no matter what
your personal beliefs are was it myself
no no
and I don't that you don't see me
debating anybody on this
you're not Sandstrom look on the
Internet okay and some of my more viewed
videos I do mention God but I'm actually
got like in 1/10 of 1% of anything I say
publicly but everybody focuses on that
and it sort of grows out of proportion
with my actual material but if I'm ever
there
I'm simply commenting on I would however
religious you are we need you to know
the difference between theology and
science and that science is it is a
fundamental driver of everything we care
about in modern civilization and and
when you start interfering with that
you're interfering with the future of
what the country can be relative to any
other country that is heavily investing
in science a fair response neil degrasse
tyson in the book is accessory to war
thanks so much for coming on i hope
you'll come back and talk again thanks
for asking me I mean you know if all the
books you you you read on science
they're all saying God doesn't exist and
you bring a scientist I love science and
it was an absolutely fair response I
appreciate it thank you very much really
interesting I would love to know your
response what do you think of that
interview and what he had to say
especially there at the end but all
throughout right to a Clavin at daily
wired.com and if we get some responses
we'll come on and talk about him you
probably are wondering how to spell a
Clavin it's a kvam there are no ease all
right we got a end for the week again if
you're on the East Coast and you're in
danger and the people are telling you to
get out that's what they're there for
that's their job get out
stop I like all right because we're
running out of the contributions you
know a new version of a star is born is
coming out I think it's coming out in
early October with who's in it Bradley
what's his name someone badly Cooper and
Lady gaga I think is that go back and
watch the original
19:37 by directed by William Wellman one
of the truly great directors starring a
forgotten movie star Frederic March he
was a he actually started as a silent
film star but he went in and had a
career way it well into the 60s and 70s
I think Janet Gaynor in her only
Technicolor film about and it's the old
story of a star is born is an actor a
famous actor discovers a young woman who
wants to be an actress and he helps her
career and falls in love with her and
she starts to go up as he starts to
decline and that became a musical with
Judy Garland which is pretty good it's a
good musical it is kind of touching
because it's it's really she after she
had lost her youth and she'd been in
drawn drugs and you can just tell she's
kind of losing it and and so even in the
movie while she plays the young girl
rising she's actually an older star
falling so that's a good movie too but
really go back and watch this because it
is just a wonderful depiction of old
Hollywood from old Hollywood and it's
just a there's something so basic about
it they always remake it as a musical
but as a drama it's great it also has
the greatest last line I shouldn't say
the greatest but one of the greatest
last lines in all of movie history and
has a terrific ending all right we got
to go the Clavin list weekend is upon us
you can get through not all of you but
most of you many of you some of you a
few of you who knows can get through
survivors gather here on Monday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina
hair and makeup is by Jesu alvera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Clavin show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
