some of you may think that America is
doing great you tell yourself the
economy is booming and we're largely at
peace but if that's your stupid opinion
it's only because you've been paying
attention to real life instead of
reading the news in the news things are
absolutely awful for instance here's a
911 article written by Joe Scarborough
in the Washington Post in which Joe says
Donald Trump is harming the dream of
America more than any terrorist attack
ever has you may say that's ridiculous
Joe Scarborough would never sink to
commentary so disgustingly low it
constitutes a slap in the face of every
American who's lost his life or a loved
one to the evil of Islamist murder but
boy oh boy would you be wrong sure Joe
writes the terrorists want to kill us
and everything we stand for but Trump
has damaged the country's image and
that's even worse because of some reason
that I'm sure makes total sense another
headline in the same paper says it's not
wrong to compare Trump's America to the
Holocaust and you might think an editor
with integrity would cut his own heart
out with a penknife before he'd allow
someone to write a column in his paper
comparing this free and compassionate
nation to a country that attempted to
systematically slaughter an entire race
of people but if you think that you must
have let your subscription to wopo lapse
and in case you're wondering the article
says Trump is like Hitler because he
says mean things and stuff and finally
there's this headline from The New
Yorker we live in the reproductive
dystopia of The Handmaid's Tale in which
it turns out the spoiled rich women who
read The New Yorker are actually
oppressed like the women in the TV show
The Handmaid's Tale are actually spoiled
rich actresses pretending to be
oppressed women so maybe it all makes a
kind of sense anyway it's sad that life
in America is so terrible in the news
but you've got to face it there's no
sense burying your head in reality
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right it is mailbag day yes its
mailbag day we're gonna answer all your
questions we've got some really good
ones they're very hard questions that we
have to tackle but we will end and the
answers are guaranteed 100% correct so
there's no suspense but so you will get
the right answer and they will change
your life maybe even for the better so I
guess there's a little suspense there I
had a great time at the Reagan ran
center I want to say thank you to them
for hosting me yesterday it was really a
moving experience and an uplifting
experience in a lot of ways to see it's
always wonderful to see people dedicated
to working to spreading the information
that how about how great this country is
what it needs to preserve it and
preserving free speech on campus all of
which they're doing we welcome today a
new sponsor a gen you cell from Xiamen
II and this is a beauty product that
will make the sunspots on your that you
can get on your hands maybe your face
will make them fade and also can take
out the moisture that causes the bags
under your eyes I have to admit I didn't
try it I gave them to my wife to try and
it is true it's hard for me to report on
it because it is true she looks more
beautiful every day but that was always
true that's been true for years however
she has been using them and they have
and they've given them clinical trials
they have you can get a jet the genu
cell sun spot corrector absolutely free
just for trying Jen yourself for bags
and puffiness and you can see those
stubborn sun spots vanish even the ones
you've had for years and the bags and
puffiness gone so go to Jen Jen you sell
now or call eight hundred five two five
four nine eight
oh and that isn't all for a limited time
Shama knees micro dermabrasion is also
yours free for the first time this year
plus order
now and receive free shipping so say
goodbye to wrinkles dark spots and
sunspots today call 800 five two five
four nine 800 or go to Gen you sell calm
that's Jan you sell calm GE n you see e
l.com so one of the things I talked
about yesterday was the fact that
everything becomes a literature
eventually all history becomes
literature everything becomes story and
what I mean by that is as the people who
experience something died or and as the
pain of an experience and the actual
experience of an experience fades away
we tell the story over time and we get
meaning out of it we either remember you
know that there are enemies in the world
like 9/11 we remember there are enemies
in the world remember we're defending
something here then that
multiculturalism is a mistake it's
nonsense that it's not true that all
cultures are the same that some cultures
are based on better ideas and make
better cultures and better cultures make
better people even though all people are
sinful and problematic the better
cultures better ideas make better people
and I think that that was one of the
lessons we got out of 9/11 but the
telling of stories starts in the moment
and this is something I well know I've
been telling stories all my life and you
know it matters how they're told and it
matters what meanings are plugged in to
the places where - the characters in the
story so for instance I never liked the
movie Schindler's List and this is not a
attack on Steven Spielberg it's a
beautifully made movie it's a
spectacularly made movie it's very
touching it's very warm but Schindler's
List because Steven Spielberg is
Spielberg it became the Holocaust movie
it was the American movie about the
Holocaust and the Holocaust was not
about people who saved other people's
lives the Holocaust was about evil it
was about death it was about suffering
in despair and a terror and torment and
to make it this uplifting story is to
tell a lie about it but that's part of
history fading away history fades away
and we looked for hope and we look for
inspiration and so a story can be true
and not true at the same time one of the
things the left is masked mattered
mastered because the left have taken up
all the storytelling positions in
Hollywood and publishing the left
dominates the storytelling scene and one
of the things they have mastered is how
to tell a story that
true that is filled with untrue values
and my favorite example is V is for
Vendetta watch me is for Vendetta very
carefully it's actually a fascist film
but it feels like a film about revolting
for freedom and people watch it every
time I say it's a fascist film people
say no no no the individuals rise up and
they revolt but who are the powers that
oppress them in the film because what
the left does with these stories is they
replace the true oppressor with a false
oppressor so in the V has been for
Vendetta they replace the true oppressor
that was threatening us at the time and
still is threatening us to some degree
Islam Islamist radicalism and they
replace that with Christianity the
oppressors are Christian the oppressor
is Parliament the mother of all freedoms
that we have political freedoms that we
have today and it the whole story is
people overturning in the name of Islam
and protecting Islam overturning the
Christian oppressor and an overturning
parliament so that the people can rule
and they're all masked an anonymous it's
a fascist film and they make you feel
that it's a film about freedom by
replacing the values of the the actors
in it so in other words the people who
are acting to oppress are people who in
real life want you to be free
the people who are oppressed or people
in real life are oppressive and that's a
that's a good trick that they use and
they're using it now in the news they're
using this same technique in the news
because it wasn't you know just as they
were celebrating 9/11 it wasn't just joe
scarborough who made that incredibly
stupid low disgusting point that somehow
trump could be compared to a terrorist
in what sense he dialed it back a little
bit he said oh I misspoke right I
tweeted it out in the wrong way but no I
mean that was just a bad thing to do and
what he should say is oh my goodness I
made it I got over excited and I made a
mistake but he doesn't do that there
wasn't just him senator angus King was
out there trying to sell the narrative
that somehow the Russian attempt to
affect our election which was a couple
of guys spending a few hundred thousand
dollars on Facebook and hacking into
things was somehow related to 9/11
listen to this
they use their plates in two towers now
people can use the click of a computer
key in sync to attack it's an attack
continues no it's not he says it's a
little hard to hear because of the echo
but he's same kind of attack today with
Russians and saint-petersburg clicking
on their computers as it is when you
murder 3,000 people who will never come
home to their families and that's just
an absurd and insane
but it is a way of telling stories that
the left does and here is the thing it's
working it is working to some degree
it's an article in Bloomberg here's the
headline there's never been a president
this unpopular with an economy this good
says there's little doubt the economy is
on a roll gross domestic product
expanded at its fastest clip in four
years in the second quarter unemployment
isn't is near the lowest since the 1960s
and wages look to be finding on the rise
which is a big deal while consumer
sentiment on the economy is currently
higher than the average of any president
since the polls start in the 1980s
Trump's approval rating is measured by a
separate poll is the lowest of the lot
and the circus in Washington it says
he's seen drowning out good economic
news so think about it what's the circus
in Washington what is the circus in
Washington Trump is an obstructing badly
his employees how does that affect you
that's just a story it is a story you
were being told oh my goodness John
Kelly says it's crazy town or whoever
said it was supposed to have said it was
crazy town
even though they deny it even though the
people deny it
the rumor goes around the world before
the truth can get its pants on and you
are being told the story oh my goodness
gracious what a terrible thing and one
day Donald Trump may just pick up a
phone and bomb North Korea and nobody
will be able to do a thing about it
which is utter nonsense and that's the
story that's being told instead of the
real story you know we keep hearing
about civility now let me talk about
this in a minute first I have to talk
about black rifle coffee which listen I
have to tell you this when I go to
Starbucks I don't I don't even go into
Starbucks anymore because I and I like
or bucks coffee but I'm so tired of
listening to them preach to me their
left-wing nonsense I'm so tired of them
taking time off to do meaningless biased
training instead of making coffee that
guys at black rifle coffee are veterans
and they just make coffee and support
this country it was founded by former
special operation vets black rifle
delivers the best roasts to order coffee
right to your door and this guarantees
you're getting fresh premium coffee with
every order and in addition to great
coffee and great gear by the way black
rifle has a coffee club that makes
things easy no lines no running out just
great coffee shipped right to your door
every month hassle free they also give a
portion of their sales to veteran and
first responder causes I'm sold call to
action this is it background black rifle
coffee calm slash Clavin and receive 15%
off your order that's black rifle coffee
calm slash Clavin for 15% off black
rifle coffee calm slash Clavin and yes
you say yes I want that coffee but how
do you spell Clavin it's que la vie aan
so this other story that they used the
McCain funeral memorial to put forward
Oh civility civility whither the
civility whither the civility Republican
congressional candidate Rudy Peters
who's running against Democratic
incumbent Eric's wall well in California
was an attacked by an assailant wielding
a switchblade
while campaigning at the Castro Valley
Falls festival on Sunday this nutcase
started shouting about Donald Trump and
then rushed at him with a swish play
switchblade and luckily who's able the
candidate Rudy Peters was able to grab
his campaign sign and fend off the
switchblade and I just want to say as
well since we're talking about this a
civility and who causes violence and
who's inciting violence were always told
any minute now any minute now
Donald Trump's rhetoric is going to
incite violence we're constantly being
told that on the news let's listen to
the way the network's covered this story
last night
all right yeah all right so that's was
not much coverage there nothing nothing
we're constantly hearing we are
constantly hearing that Donald Trump's
rhetoric is going is oh the chaos oh the
horror
oh he calls them this he caught you know
they say what love when he calls the
press enemies of the people
that's what Stalin said yeah but there's
a big difference Trump's not Stalin so
it doesn't matter if he's using the same
language you know a week a week ago just
a week before the stabbing happened
there was another story a a Republican
Party office in Wyoming was set on fire
it was set on fire just two days after
it's opened how local authorities say
the fire was arson
here's how this was covered in the news
Hey
gee that sounds almost the same as the
other story it's like it's almost as if
they're not covering this stuff at all
let me mention another one just just to
give you the idea the civility on the
Left PJ Media Denise McCallister who is
a pal she's been on the show she's an
absolutely delightful wonderful mom and
she put out a tweet the other day saying
at the root of his abortion hysteria is
women's unhinged desire for
irresponsible sex sex is their God
abortion is their sacrament it's
abhorrent as women have flung themselves
from the heights of being the world's
civilizing force to the muck and mire of
dehumanizing depravity she is now in
hiding I think she may have just come
out she went off you know she's still
hiding it she was in hiding because
they're calling her up and threatening
to rape her and kill her I mean this is
what the how the left operates it is how
the left operates and not how the right
operates in the right we have extremists
it's true but this is mainstream stuff
on the right now it's not just happening
here it's happening in England the
Conservative MP Jacob Riis MOG brought
his children outside his home and he was
surrounded by leftist demonstrators
listen ferment we have a yeah we do we
have a clip of this listen to what this
guy's shouting to the guys kids
told you about last night in my machi
pages the other menu itself this that
easy pies are very much that he says
removing the wine doesn't cover anything
Oh Mike Danny savvy is acclimatizing
wife by pulling any crook who looks
wealthy and watch him put him he doesn't
get enough money every wait but that he
doesn't care who these 350 poses that
you need to know very enticing she does
pretty well famous you find in any how
much you panic and that one fundamental
question how many that this basically is
guy screaming at his children if you
can't understand the British accent
screaming at the MPs children your daddy
is a bad guy everybody hates your daddy
your daddy doesn't pay your nanny enough
and all this stuff because when you are
a leftist you see you're elevated to
such a high moral plane that you're
allowed to do this you're allowed to
chase you know Sarah Sanders out of
restaurants you're allowed to torment to
Mitch McConnell as he walks down the
street in Brazil the right wing
candidate air ball sonar o63 was stabbed
by a leftist religious fanatic and a
knife attack that almost killed him he
is campaigning from the from a hospital
bed so this is the thing by it's this
it's not just the stories they tell it's
the stories they don't tell so you're
worrying about Trump apparently voters
are worried about Trump being rude
Trump is rude I've hit him on this a
million times I don't think he should
treat people like that they hit him on
the chaos in his in his administration
I'm sure he is a chaotic manager
I doubt some of these stories already
some of the people are saying these
stories of people taking off important
papers off his desk they're denying that
I told you when I heard that that I
didn't believe that story it's not that
there are not staffers who will remove
something saying the president doesn't
need to say that but I really do not
believe that anybody took an actual
executive order off the president's desk
I just don't believe that story so these
are the stories you're supposed to care
about you're supposed to wake up in the
middle of the night and say oh man John
Kelly has really he's really got it
tough John Kelly has taken you know
faced bullets for this country I'm sure
he can face an obstreperous and Donald
Trump and give as good as he gets
Johnny Kelly if not I'm not worried
about John Kelly he looks like a fell
who can take care of himself so does Jim
mattis I'm not worried about those guys
at all at all they do not worry about me
I worry about my family I worry about
the things that are happening in my life
because that's the story I'm telling
that's the story my life tells and I
don't care what story they're trying to
force down my throat the economy is
really the big one the economy is the
one that really gets me because this is
the untold story this is the story that
we are not hearing if if Obama were
still president this would be the lead
story every single day if Obama could
have done what Trump is done with the
economy lead story every day
Obama's taking credit for it we listened
to this speech he gave his cut
number-one household income was near its
all-time high and the uninsured rate had
hit an all-time low and wages were
rising and poverty rates were falling I
mentioned all this just so when you hear
how great the economy is doing right now
let's just remember when this recovery
started
I'm I'm glad it's continued but when you
hear about this economic miracle that's
been going on when the job numbers come
out monthly job numbers and suddenly
Republicans are saying it's America I
had to kind of remind them actually
those job numbers are the same as they
were in 2015 I have been waiting for
days to take this apart because this is
such garbage it is such garbage and I
haven't had time to get to it but I want
to get to it now because it is the story
that the left is trying to sell Milton
Friedman the great American economist
said that there's a pattern to the
American economy the deeper the
recession the stronger the recovery
somebody was writing about this in the
Wall Street Journal yesterday but I know
this for myself the economy has to grow
even faster than normal to catch up to
where it would have been without the
recession until this and this was true
until Obama it was true until Obama
except for one other time the Great
Depression when FDR did a lot of the
same stuff
Hiep and at least FDR said I don't know
what I'm doing I'm just experimenting
because I'm panicked he said that he
actually said I we don't know what we're
doing we're just experimenting but Obama
always knew what he was doing okay and
so that he the risk me there was a
recovery under Obama there was going to
be a recovery as Milton Friedman always
predicted but in the 11 previous
recession since the depression okay in
the eleven eleven previous recessions
the economy recovered all jobs lost
during the recession an average of 27
months after the recession began a
little over two years right in mr.
Obama's recovery dating from the summer
of 2009 the recessions job losses were
not recovered until after seventy six
months that's more than six years when
there's six years where people didn't
have a job and by the way a lot of the
jobs that were created during the Obama
administration
unlike the jobs being created now were
part-time jobs and self-help jobs like
uber jobs and things like that nothing
wrong with them
dignified jobs but just not the same as
having as bringing back manufacturing
now he was talking about you heard Obama
talking about what things were like by
the time his administration was over
20:16 right that's the end of his
administration listen to what they were
saying then okay this as late as 2016
the team Obama hears from AEI Team Obama
sorry America the new normal may be here
to say their stay that we're talking
about 2% growth 2% GDP growth and this
is what they said the good times may be
over for good in a speech to the
Economic Club of New York yesterday US
Treasury secretary Jack Lew said the US
GDP growth rate adjusted for inflation
is now projected to run a little above
2% a year that would be a significant
down shift from the 3.4 percent average
growth rate from the end of World War 2
until 2007 is the end of 2016 they were
telling us 2% growth was the new normal
here's from the AP same time 2016 end of
Obama right 8 years of Obama Americans
should get used to a new normal of slow
economic growth business economists say
the median estimates from economists
surveyed by the National Association for
Business Economics calls for the
American economy to grow 2.2 percent in
2017 and by the way we used to have
discussions here at the Daily wire
because I'm like the oldest person yeah
you have to add Ben and Knowles together
to get halfway to my 8 and I said to
them you guys do not know what it's like
when a crappy economy like I lived
through under Carter gives way to the
economy that Reagan creates it's like
laughing gas it is a wonderful wonderful
thing and during the Carter economy I
will tell you from personal experience
they said the same thing America is
uncover knurl the growth rate is now go
this is the new normal
this inflation the stagflation this is
the way it's going to be nobody can do
anything about it
Reagan took office bang two years later
it's gone that that is the thing they
sell you that you can't do better let
let's listen to the great Nobel Prize
winning economist Paul Krugman who took
off his tinfoil hat just long enough to
be in this interview with this guy
listen to the question a little hard to
hear the guy is a thick Indian accent
little hard to hear but he's saying is
this 2% growth the new normal many
countries are flirting with deflation or
inflation is below target world trade is
shrinking and this is despite
extraordinary policy measure
such as low interest rates expansion of
central bank balance sheets increasing
public spending so what went wrong means
why has the world even eight years after
this recession or this financial crisis
not recovered fully and do you think
that this is the new normal
in a way okay I am mostly convinced that
it is the new normal hi Ron Paul wrong
and the thing is Obama sat on a recovery
by anti-business regulations and by that
incredible whining solemn America
blaming idea and and because for all his
posters saying hope the gun I didn't
have much hope for the future of America
listen to this some of those jobs of the
past are just not going to come back and
when somebody says like the person you
just mentioned who I'm not going to
advertise for that he's going to bring
all these jobs back well how exactly are
you gonna do that what are you going to
do there's that there's no answer to it
he just says well I'm going I'm gonna
negotiate a better deal well ha what how
exactly are you going to negotiate that
what magic Juan do you have and usually
the answer is you doesn't have an answer
alright and now I just want to play this
little segment of David Asman show on
Fox Business he's interviewing Trump's
new economic adviser Larry Kudlow just
listen listen to the difference this is
now two years only two years later folks
there's only two years later listen to
this more really good news for the US
economy with employers adding a
better-than-expected 200 1,000 jobs in
August
this is yearly wage growth hits a
nine-year high
let's bring in White House chief
economic adviser and good friend Larry
Kudlow Larry congratulations I what what
would you say the headline of this story
is today you know I think here's the
broader headline the single biggest news
story in 2018 by far is an economic boom
that almost everyone believed to be
impossible that to me is the story not
all this other stuff that pops up
periodically the economy is booming on
all cylinders there's been a big change
in policy and attitude and confidence
and let me add to that this is this is
middle-class working folks better
paychecks kind of stuff and it's not
over if this is not one quarter or two
quarters every reading I have I used to
do it for a living is this gonna go on
for quite some time that's the story
David an economic boom folks said
couldn't happen
oh so Donald Trump was doing such a bad
job that Barack Obama is trying to take
credit for it but Barack Obama in his
day at the end of his administration was
asking how is this gonna happen what
magic wand does he have well abracadabra
knucklehead and this is the story this
is the big story of 2018 Kulu is
absolutely right it's the story that's
not being told with the the shenanigans
in the White House whether it's true or
not whether it's true or not is not the
story of your life this is all right we
got the mailbag coming up I got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube come on
over to the Daily wire calm and you can
listen to the rest of the show but while
you're there hey subscribe
why because we want your money you know
what are you doing with it it allows you
10 bucks a month for a hundred bucks you
get the whole year you get the leftist
tears tumblr and you get all your
problems solved because you can then ask
questions in the mailbag and get the
answers that are 100 percent correct
that is coming right up
all right these are some tough ones too
oh my god the mailbag would somebody
just go back and just use Austin is back
there just kill him please it just
that's all I ask
I I've said this before but there's this
guy who wrote in and said every time
that happens his truck wants to drive
his truck off the road so we're just
trying to kill people yeah as well the
mailbag that's as I said from Ashley
from Ashley hi Andrew I'm in my 20s but
I recently learned that the reason my
parents divorced was because my father
had an affair while my mom was pregnant
with me I'm an only child he's always
been an amazing father and strong
Christian but he acted extremely
callously towards my mother during my
infancy I'm not sure how to reconcile
these two things and I'm not sure
whether I should approach the topic with
my father whom I now view very
differently any advice thank you and
love the show Ashley first of all this
is something happen you're in your 20s
or something happened a long time ago
you don't know the whole story you don't
know what was going on obviously bad
things bad things happened of the
divorce really sad an affair always
always a big problem and always a wrong
thing myself I would I would go to your
father if it were me I would sit down
with your father not in an accusatory
way but tell him you know and tell him
you'd like to hear his side of the story
and what it means and what it means to
him you know this is something that he
lives with too if he's a you say he's a
strong Christian then this is something
that haunts him as well and that he has
had to deal with and you know if parents
are human beings they obviously did bad
things they obviously made mistakes
those mistakes affect you you it's not
really you don't have a right to know
but I think it might help you to know
and if you can do it in a loving way and
not accusatory way it may teach you a
little bit about life that people do
good even good people do terrible
terrible things and we have to find ways
to forgive them especially the people we
love we're trying to do the best they
can so it would be worth talking to from
someone who wishes to remain anonymous I
have just finished Jonah Goldberg's fine
book suicide of the Westlaw obviously
it's from Jonah right
no III also have read the suicide of the
West and Jonah is one of my favorite
political writers even when I disagree
with him which I do sometimes in your
interview with Jonah Goldberg you did
not challenge him on his claim that the
Romantics are a key reason we're
discussing the suicide of the West you
have been a defender of those romantics
in the past do you agree with Jonah or
disagree with him on this point I
actually did challenge him before the
cameras were rolling but the guy was
here to sell his book I thought the book
was worth reading and I didn't want to
get in that argument at that particular
time he and I he knows that I disagree
with him very very strongly on the
Romantics and here's why the age of
reason the age of reason ended with the
reign of terror it ended with world wars
Napoleon tried to take over Europe and
beyond and Jonah ascribes that to the
romantic thinking of Rousseau but the
Romantic movement was a huge huge and
various movement that was not defined by
the things that each person said it was
defined by the problems they were trying
to solve which was that the old world
and the old religion had been wiped away
and nobody quite knew where to go and
they knew after the Revolution
especially after the French Revolution
especially they knew that Pure Reason
was not a way forward and Jonah and
other writers as well say that the
romantics wanted to play replace reason
with feeling and that is to sell them
incredibly short when John Keats said Oh
for a life of sensation rather than of
thoughts what he was talking about was
living not just in the physical
reasonable moment he was talking about
living in the world of meaning living in
the world
where things actually means something to
the human heart and because they had
lost the old religion they had lost the
connection to that and they were trying
to bring it together and all of Keats's
writing all of his great odds are about
trying to connect become one with the
experience of the world and that is a
very important thing for humans to do
otherwise you get this kind of Vulcan
reasoning like the quote I read
yesterday about we don't have human
rights if you open up somebody all you
see or viscera and blood where are the
human rights well that is a kind of
Vulcan what Jonah himself calls a Vulcan
way of after mr. Spock is a Vulcan way
of reasoning that leaves out the true
experience of being human and that's
what the romantics were
trying to recover and it's often said
the Romantics failed I think they failed
because they didn't want to embrace God
it was really a college the brightest of
them the smartest of them probably the
last man on earth who ever knew
everything there was to know at that
moment because after that there was just
too much to know he was the one who
retained his Christianity even though I
think he was a Unitarian but he retained
his Christianity he retained his faith
and his theism these guys were looking
for a way back from the age of pure
reason they were looking away back from
mr. Spock back to Captain Kirk that's
what they were looking for and so I
think that they are undersold
and attacked as being for feelings as
opposed to reason and that's just
selling them short I'm not a big Russo
fan
I do think Russo was misunderstood
frequently and Jonah has come around on
that he actually is an icer guru so in
his new book than he was before and I
think there's much better stuff to say
about Russo but I think that it's the
path what through what you think is pure
reason that actually leads you to
bloodshed and disaster it really does
there's a painting by Goya where he says
the sleep of Reason breeds nightmares
something like that but I always say
that the sleep of the heart also bleeds
terrible nightmares uh-oh as well in the
world all right from another one from
anonymous what is this it's like it's
just Jonah asking a lot of questions
Dero hater of all superhero movies
except Logan hello there
I'd love to remain anonymous but I did
want to send in a question I'm a 19 year
old college student and I'm a massive
fan of the show thank you so much for
everything you do and the support you
give anyways I am absolutely terrified
of females I can't ever figure out how
to talk to them and I always feel like
I'm doing something wrong during the
rare interactions I do have with the
mysterious womankind was just wondering
if you had any advice on this matter
yeah some I mean first of all I think
you have to you're gonna have to get
over at some point you're just gonna
have to be brave enough to go forward
but try this try this try not wanting
anything from them try just treating
them like another human being try not
thinking about whether you're gonna go
out on a date with them whether they
will marry you whether they'll sleep
with you whatever it is you're thinking
about try not wondering about whether
they'll like you just try relating to
them as actual other human beings and
and maybe they're gonna be different
kinds of human beings because they're
female then you are because you're male
but that's okay there's still human
beings if you just go into conversations
with women not trying to get anything
out of them or from them you're just
trying to get to know them and listen to
what they say and talk to them about
what you think as you would with a male
you will get to know them and you will
ultimately overcome your fear the first
steps are gonna have to be yours if you
want to join a club where you have to
interact with women that's a good thing
to do if you wanted any thing that will
get you into a situation that is not
necessarily a dating situation but just
a situation where you get to know people
as people and I think that that's that's
the best advice I can give you because
at some point when you're shy you got to
overcome it you just got to face it down
but good luck let us know if it goes
from Augustine I recently attended a
Republican fundraiser and the whole
crowd was basically all white and male
how can we show minorities the
conservatism is best for them how do we
get more diversity in the Republican
Party I think the answer to that is you
have to go to the people that you're
trying to attract and make the argument
about what you're for it's one thing to
attack the left on the stupid stuff they
say okay but you have to be for
something and this is this is just so
important because the question I get is
how can we convince how can we appeal
how can we do this you know maybe you
can't maybe you can't maybe they don't
want you what you're selling but at
least sell them what you're selling
don't tell them about how the left is
bad go into their neighborhoods go into
their places go into the places where
you can reach them and say here's what
we are for yeah okay and then you can
then you can make fun of the left no
question about it you can attack the
left but tell them we are not for the
special treatment of black people for
instance we're not for special treatment
it doesn't work out well it doesn't work
out when it's negative it doesn't work
out when it's positive we are for
treating black people the same as
everybody else but you got to remember
too they may have a point of view and
you got to listen to that as well you
got to listen when somebody says to you
you know the police don't treat a black
a guy the same way they treat a white
guy I am sure that's true my answer to
that is why not why don't the police
treat black people the same is it
because of the police or is it because
of the criminality in the in black
neighborhoods and how can you deal with
that how can you address that
so that thing is you can't convince
people if you're not talking to them you
can't convince people if you're not
listening to them the same thing with
women you know a lot of people mistake
my opinions about women because I
dislike the philosophy of feminism so
much
people think I think women should stay
home and take care of their kids
bah-bah-bah that's not what I'm saying
at all what I'm saying is feminism
degrades feminine concerns it tells you
that if your concerns aren't work if
your current concerns aren't earning
money if your concerns aren't the
concerns of men's strength power then
you are then you are somehow second-rate
if your concern is building a home if
your concern is nurturing children if
your concern is loving and being in a
loving relationship and building that
relationship and making a place for that
relationship in the world you are less
than a man and I am saying no you are
not you are equal to a man but you are
different and that's and that's what I
think so you've got to start to talk to
people where they are and listen to what
they want as well and not dictate to
them all right from dan lord Clavin a
good friend of mine just moved into town
and we've hung out a lot and had many
deep conversations over the course of
our time together I started to develop
romantic feelings for them unfortunately
they are in a relationship with someone
who admittedly hasn't been there for
them should I tell my friend how I feel
and possibly ruin our friendship or just
stick with the status quo love the show
well then first of all you've got to
stop using crap pronouns the individual
pronoun for a person is either in this
case him or her but says you use them
throughout I have no idea what you're
talking about you're talking about
romance right there are different kinds
of romances if everybody in this story
is gay that's fine if everybody in the
story is heterosexual and so you're
talking about men and women that's what
that's gives those two things give me
one answer to give you
but if what you're talking about is this
them that you're in love with is a guy
but is in a relationship with a girl
that's a very different story so first
of all get the pronouns straight okay so
here are my two answers for the two
situations I can imagine if if this
person is a a man your name is dance or
you're a man and he is in a relationship
with a woman who is not there for him
and you are falling in love with this
guy keep it to yourself and get over it
because he's straight he's straight he's
not gonna suddenly become gay because
you love him you're only gonna break
your heart and make him feel bad just
keep it to yourself I mean that's you're
just gonna have to live with this broken
heart because the guy is straight okay
so that's the first thing if if this is
these are all heterosexual or all gay
relationships right if there's whatever
it is if it's all if every
but he's on the same page and wanting
the same thing then I think you go to
your friend and you say look I am NOT
going to have an affair and sheet on
anybody I'm not gonna lie to anybody I'm
not gonna sneak around to anybody
because if he or she will do that with
you he or she will do it with anybody
right he will do it to you as well but
then you express your feelings you know
I don't think you're in a relationship
that's not working I think I can do
better I have feelings for you just so
you know
here's my number yeah call me maybe you
know I mean that's basically all you can
do you you know it's all's fair in love
and war he's not married I'm taking it
you didn't say he's married so where
she's married or well I'm talking about
but but you know you don't worry you
don't break up a marriage you don't
break up you don't cheat in a
relationship but you can't express
yourself and say what you have to say
again and very hard to tell if you don't
use a little proper pronouns from
Melissa
dear mr. Clavin or as my kids call you
the whore a whore aa guy I love that
that's I want Rob I want you to refer
that's how I want you to refer to me
good morning array hiragana my
eight-year-old daughter is interested in
writing stories and she has decided that
for her first big undertaking she would
like to write a mystery chapter book
she's very excited about the whole idea
so I told her I'd reach out to the
expert the Andrew Klavan show how do you
get started when you were writing a new
story what is your process any pointers
for my aspiring author at 8 years old my
my advice to you is write the story sit
down and write the story have a good
time make it as much fun as you can
possibly make it and have a have a great
time it is a wonderful way to spend your
time writing stories is about as much
fun as you can have as you get older I'd
like to outline things and know where
the story is going but I wouldn't do if
I were eight years old I wouldn't be
outlining stuff I would just be writing
away and I was just get started and
stick with it till the story is over and
make it as long as you want or as short
as you want until you're done from
Steven dear supreme overlord Clavin
recently I received news that my
estranged father had passed away it has
been a very long time since I knew him
as we parted ways when I was a teenager
but I knew he had always been a heavy
drinker the police officers that
discovered him noted that he was found
with many empty liquor bottles my
question is how do you interpret a death
like this when someone succumbs to their
vices can this be interpreted as a form
of suicide thanks and I love the show no
I it's not suicide that is not suicide
people are not smart enough to really
take into account the fact that
going to die in the distant future
because of their habits now in fact EMT
workers have a name for this thing
called death by lifestyle that's by
lifestyle no he was an addict he was
addicted to alcohol and the alcohol
killed him I mean that's that's what
happened that's a very sad story it's a
tragic story it's terrible alcohol when
you when you abuse it like that sucks
the soul right out of you even before it
takes your life and it's a terrible way
to go but it's not an intentional it's
not like I want to kill myself it's
simply an addiction to something when
you get addicted something you lose
scent all other sense of all other
values it's really terrible I've seen it
too many times
but it really is it really is tough all
right IG we're kind of running out of
time but I want to do I'll do one more
from Samuel dear king Clavin the wise
for the past few months I have found
that extremely difficult to pray I've
gone into my room and silence to be
alone with myself and my thoughts on
multiple occasions but I always seem
like it seems like it's for nothing I
think I've forgotten how to pray I don't
feel comforted or enlightened when I
pray in fact I don't feel much of
anything except the inescapable feeling
that maybe I simply am NOT being heard I
feel like I'm simply praying to a
silence what is wrong with me there's
also one right after that from Richard
where he says that he was raised
Catholic but became a militant atheist
but he had a he married his longtime
highschool sweetheart
he had they had her first child a
beautiful little girl and he says along
with these monumental life events
reading the great good thing my memoir
CS Lewis Jordan Peterson listening to
your show and Ben's I've slowly but
surely come back to faith in God every
day I feel more and more that someone is
listening there is my question and
here's where my question comes in the
more I feel the presence of God the more
ambivalent I am about speaking to him
and praying any advice for someone who
by no means wants to feign devotion or
prayer but still feels the draw and
desire to pray help many many thanks as
two people having trouble with prayer my
advice on prayer is always the same find
a place alone find time to be alone and
and pray out loud very it's important to
speak your prayers out loud you can
speak them under your breath so afraid
somebody is going to be listening in
other than God but when you speak your
prayers out loud it it forces you to
form real sentences and not just present
feelings and
morphus ideas to god it is like you are
in a conversation somebody is listening
God is listening and in that
conversation you will find really fine
pathways open up to there are times when
you feel separated from God a lot of
times that's because of focus or you're
focused on something inside you like
grief or some other form of unhappiness
or confusion and it's hard for you to
turn outward speaking out loud also
helps with that it brings you out of
yourself and causes you to speak into
into the other person in the
relationship who is God try it I mean
it's there are times when you feel a
little more distant from God than others
but I have always found I have always
found I have incredible confidence in
this I mean anytime I'm having a problem
I know there will come a point in my day
usually early in the day when I can go
before God and speak and things will
work themselves out sometimes it takes
more than one prayer but things will
work themselves out if I pray out loud
and know what I'm saying and listen to
the response today in fact by the way
they had a picture of Mark Wahlberg you
know the action star on the daily wire
and it said true masculinity that was
the headline on the daily wire and it
said he prays 30 minutes a day every day
and I thought I pray 30 minutes a day
every day they've never ever run a
headline over my face saying true
masculinity what is going on daily wire
let's get to the bottom of this all
right
tickety-boo news so since i'm constantly
complaining about the constant cowardice
of everybody who gets criticized for
anything i am so sick of people
apologizing because somebody was
offended especially businesses I mean
even even with Nike when I thought they
did this is something that was terribly
wrong by elevating Colin Kaepernick to
the level of a hero he's not a hero he's
a Schmo you know but I thought they were
wrong but I don't think they have to
apologize do it do it and take the hit
stand up for yourself stand up for your
beliefs I just it just drives me crazy
there was a story today that the
funniest comedian in America Norm
Macdonald was booted from The Tonight
Show because he criticized me too and
listen to what he said he said it used
to be 100 women can't be lying then it
became one woman can't lie and then
became I believe all women and
you're like what and so they canceled
his appearance on The Tonight Show and
and he said he said of the me to move
the model used to be admit wrongdoing
show complete contrition and then we
give you a second chance
now it's admit wrongdoing and you're
finished and so the way to survive is to
deny deny tonight and he's absolutely
right but the thing is don't apologize
for it so here is a story from Australia
the herald-sun they ran a cartoon by
mark night cartoonist mark night of
Serena Williams despicable tantrum on
the court when she lost at the US Open
it was bad sportsmanship it was - it was
ridiculous and then to attribute it to
some kind of heroic feminism or speaking
out or something was absolute nonsense
so they ran a funny cartoon of her
jumping up and down on her racket the
left has this trick that they always
pull it's it's two-pronged they take
your comedy seriously right so you say
something comic you make a joke I make a
joke about women not having the capacity
for reason okay they say you think women
have that you said oh my oh you know and
by the time you say eight it's a joke
you know chill and it's supposed to be
funny it's making it as much fun of me
as of women you know by the time you say
that you've killed the joke so you start
to be careful you start to watch what
you say and of course of course whenever
whenever the person is of another race
specifically black people it's oh you
gave me to look like a black person well
you know she looks like a black person
there's nothing wrong with that
it's a cartoon it is satire what I love
about this is the paper the herald-sun
came back with a a front page in which
they put all their cartoons all of the
skys cartoons making fun of everybody
with a headline welcome to PC world this
is a satire free zone what does it says
if the self-appointed censors of Mark
Knight get their way on his Serena
Williams cartoon our new politically
correct life will be very dull indeed
good for them for standing up for
themselves I hope we start doing it here
like I don't think we should ever
apologize for anything we are dealing
with socialists we're dealing with
people who don't love the Constitution
we're dealing with people who attack
physically attack our congressmen who
call out our people in their in
restaurants and chase them down the
street
we make fun of you you're gonna take it
and like it pal
we are not apologizing for anything all
right tomorrow we will be back
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show be there then the Andrew
Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
technical producer austin stevens edited
by alex zingaro audio is mixed by Mike
Carmina
hair and makeup is by Jesuit vera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Clavin show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
