these memories remind us who we are and
I want to talk a little bit about my own
memories of 9/11 and three things I
learned from 9/11 and you may be
surprised to hear that some of these are
a little politically incorrect but when
9/11 happened I have only been back in
this country a year I had left to go to
England for a year and had stayed for
seven years so I was an expatriate and I
had got had this tremendous experience
living overseas for seven years a long
time which was kind of like when the
astronauts went to the moon and they
took that picture of Earth and they saw
it at a distance and so for six and a
half of the seven years all I paid
attention to was English politics that's
all I knew I knew English people read
English News was involved in English
politics
Bill Clinton scandals were going on and
of course I that was part of the English
news so I knew about it but I wasn't in
the country for any of that and when I
came back and I moved here to Santa
Barbara I found that my opinions had
changed and as a guy who'd grown up in a
liberal Democrat family where
Republicans there were Republicans and
then there were Nazis and that
separation was like this you know that
was that was really the way for a
Republican got elected president
my father was packing gold bars into a
suitcase so he could bribe his way
through the border to Canada and and so
I came back and to my shock I found that
the people who were saying what I was
saying in America were rush limbaugh the
guys at the corner and National Review
Nazis these evils conservatives were
saying what I thought had learned to be
true about America from seeing it from
very far away and then I was here one
year I guess and 9/11 happened and I
remember waking up and you have to
understand my entire family lives on the
island of Manhattan now one of them has
moved to the Bronx but they all are New
Yorkers and they've all lived in
Manhattan all their lives and so I wake
up 3,000 miles away and I hear that a
plane has gone in to a built into the
world traits and the first thing I
thought of was i remembered i hearing
reading that in 1945 a military plane
had crashed accidentally into the Empire
State Building his wife that was the
picture in my mind when I turned on the
TV and saw what what had really happened
and of course I started calling my
and one by one had three brothers my
father and mother and I remember my
father who's now gone but at the time he
was he was sobbing and I will tell you
that the one thing you never want to
hear in this life is your father sobbing
you do not want to hear that sound and
and I remember you know you thought this
is war
we're now at war and I remember saying
to him it's not gonna be a big war like
World War two it's gonna be a lot of
little wars because there's no nation to
fight it's this we're fighting this
philosophy were fighting a philosophy
and that was the first lesson that was
the first lesson I remember is that
we're fighting a philosophy and so much
of human life is about philosophy so
much of history is about ideas of battle
over ideas and that was why it was my
last stage in becoming an actual open
conservative I was already a
conservative but this was my last stage
in acknowledging it because I saw
liberals asking the question I remember
David Letterman going on TV after this
happened and asking the question why do
they hate us now I've worked on
volunteered on a lot of suicide hotlines
on a couple of suicide hotlines and
every now and again you speak to a wife
whose husband is violent and who hits
her and a lot of times the woman will
say to you what am I doing wrong why why
what can I do didn't stop them from
hitting me and of course I wasn't
allowed to skip my answer was shoot him
you know that'll stop I'll stop him you
know so so like when I heard David
Letterman say why do they hate us my
first reaction was let's kill him and
see if that solves the problem you know
that would be the fastest thing to do
because they're not acting because of us
that's demeaning to our enemies it's
demeaning to our enemies to think that
we have some power to make them change
their minds we don't we don't they are
grown-up adults just like us and they're
acting on their ideas as we are acting
on our ideas and that's why that is why
when I was working in the movie business
at the time and selling a lot of scripts
as write I write mysteries and ghost
stories but that's why when I saw
Hollywood start to turn out these films
in which our soldiers were depicted as
rapists and killers and idiots who were
being abused by evil Republicans
sent in to ward where they were risking
their lives for nothing that's why I
became an outspoken conservative ending
effectively ending my Hollywood career
because I realized meet our culture is
where we store these ideas that are
lived ideas our movies you know not only
that I think it was wrong to make
anti-american films while our guys were
at war which was the real reason that
stuff that made me so angry I started
speaking out but also this is the way
these films last forever these films
last forever they're on at 3 o'clock in
the morning and this is the way young
people will remember these things and
that's why I was so glad when American
sniper came out and told an honest
version of the story not that we were
perfect thanks Louie this is not about
the fact that we're better people than
they are it's the fact that bad ideas
make cultures bad bad ideas make people
do horrible things and good ideas in a
noble people and lift them up
