you know the one very strange thing that
I've been thinking about on the 17th
anniversary of 9/11 as a parent of young
children and the the thing that comes to
mind is that is that my kids will grow
up seeing 9/11 as this kind of event
from the ancient past right something
from something from which they are they
are detached kind of like how I saw when
I was a kid growing up I remember when I
when I learned about the Vietnam War or
the Cold War the JFK assassination when
I was a kid all those events were
relatively recent to me you know they
happen not long before my birth and my
parents remembered them and told me
about them
but still it just felt like something
like something ancient and that's how
things that happen before you were born
I guess always feel at least in modern
society that's how they feel I think
maybe back back in the old days people
felt more connected to the past even the
past the things that happened before
they were born
but in this modern day and age when news
moves so quickly and I don't know we're
just so immersed in things that are
happening around us we're so immersed
kind of in in the present and we have
all this information coming at us all
the time we're so aware of everything
that's happening in the world so it
makes it harder for us to feel connected
to the past and so that that's how it's
kind of strange that's the perspective
that my kids will have of 9/11 because
it was an event that was it was a
probably the defining event for my
generation I remember I was a freshman
in high school when 9/11 happened and
everything changed after that in fact
it's very sad I was also thinking about
this the other day for me in my
generation I was thinking like what are
the three what are the three defining
events for for my generation people who
are you know in their late 20s early 30s
right now and what I'm talking about
national events not personal events and
so for me those three events very easily
very very clear
would be there was first there was
Columbine which which happened when I
was in Middle School and was sadly so
used to school shootings now but when
that happened it was it was
unprecedented at least it felt
unprecedented and it just changed change
school it changed for from then on out
school just felt different and there was
this feeling of unease in danger that
you had in school that never really went
away after that and then 9/11 which like
I said happened I think it was a 9th or
10th grade when that happened and then
for me that the last thing being as I
grew up in Maryland the last defining
event was the DC sniper which I guess if
you were in other parts of the of the
country so that was more just like a
news item but around where I lived it
was a very terrifying time for a couple
of for a couple of weeks where you
legitimately thought that you might get
shot when you're walking to the bus stop
or when you come out of your house
because that's what was happening and so
I was thinking about how much fear
anxiety suspicion all of those things
those defining event events infused not
just into me personally but into
everyone who was growing up around that
time so it's kind of sad that I I think
every generation has tragic events that
are defining for them but I also think
that some generations have also great
you know tremendous spectacular events
that are also defined anything about the
moon-landing you know for my
grandparents generation
but so far I don't know if we really
have anything like that at least for me
growing up all the all the big news
events the defining ones you throw the
Iraq war in there as well I mean there
were all terrible things right so in
that sense I'm glad that that had
happened long before my kids were born
because I don't really want something
like that to be a defining event for
them but in another sense in other sense
considering 9/11 was a defining national
event I don't want my kids to feel
completely disconnected from it either
though inevitably they will all right
now switching gears to a much much less
important story there's been a lot of
discussion about Serena Williams at the
US Open you know I'm sure you heard by
now Williams was docked by the umpire
for having a bit of a temper tantrum
smashing her racket verbally abusing the
umpire and so on and so on
she lost the match but her hysterics
successfully distracted from you know
the fact that she lost and overshadowed
the woman who beat her and which which
is very selfish on her part and later on
she claimed that she was the victim of a
sexist conspiracy so this is what she
said she's I've seen other men call
other Empire umpire several things I'm
here fighting for women's rights and for
women's equality and for all kinds of
stuff I want to go that's what I want to
focus on we go back to that but I'll
give you the whole quote she says for me
to say thief and because she called him
a thief like us and for him to take a
game it made me feel like it was a
sexist remark he's never taken a game
from a man because they said thief she
also said I just feel like the fact that
I have to go through this is just an
example for the next person that has
emotions and that wants to express
themselves they want to be a strong
woman they're going to be allowed to do
that because of today maybe it didn't
work out for me but it's going to work
out for the next person
now they're so very courageous whose
issues she's she's a pioneer setting the
stage for other women by having this
meltdown now there are a few things here
first of all notice how chic inflates
her her temper tantrum with strength and
I think this happens way too often in
our society she says that this makes her
a strong woman she's being a strong
woman by losing her cool and flipping up
but you know a man would would actually
never get away with that if a male
athlete threw a fit at a ref which that
happens all the time right i mean i
don't watch tennis i do watch football
and you see football players all the
time you know getting angry at the ref
shouting coaches do it okay so that does
happen so serena williams is not is not
is not alone in that but here's what you
would never see in an m/l athlete we'd
never get away with this after the game
during the press conference he couldn't
say you know what I was just being a
strong man okay I was being strong
you know that's that's that's what the I
was in the rest face a cousin amount I'm
just being a strong man and you know
what I'm setting the stage I'm a pioneer
for other strong men so that they know
that they can express their emotions to
know a man would never he'd be laughed
out of the room if he said that as well
he should be and as well Serena Williams
should be too because it is a laughable
ridiculous thing to say second second
thing to take from this there's this
whole meme about how women aren't
allowed to get emotional they aren't
allowed to lose their cool but men are
you know that's that's what we're
hearing uh we're told that men are never
criticized for having Tantrums
themselves and in the tennis world I
I've heard a lot of people argue that
well John McEnroe used to be verbally
abusive all the time yeah and he would
flip out and he would and he would
scream and shot and everything and and
he never got in trouble for he was never
criticized for it I've actually heard
it's such an exceedingly stupid argument
that it's almost unbelievable
McEnroe was criticized all the time he
got in trouble all the time for his
temper
I don't even follow tennis at all but
McEnroe was one of the only tennis
players I know precisely because of his
bad attitude he's one of the only ones I
know and the fact that he had a bad
attitude is the only thing I know about
him it was it was the thing that defined
his career for people like myself who
don't follow tennis so in fact it's it
notes it's Serena Williams who gets the
kid-glove treatment is she's the one
who's defended I don't think anyone ever
defended where were people are coming
out defending John McEnroe when he when
he acted inappropriately we did anyone
ever come out of claiming that he was a
hero fighting for rights and so forth
but anyway never do know no one does
that for men when they when they act
like jerks that's the point okay I'm
gonna try to put this as as nicely as I
can but it's it's when a man acts like a
jerk
nobody is hesitant to call him a jerk
and that's it we just say well that
guy's acting like a jerk but if a woman
acts like a jerk well there are some
people who would call her a jerk but
then there's this whole other group of
people who would come out and say and
celebrate her for it so I don't think
the jerky behavior of men is really
celebrated very often I think it's
almost always condemned but no one has a
problem condemning it but with women
the the number of people who will
condemn jerky behavior is I think that
number is smaller because there are
those who will not only tolerate it but
will actually outright defend it and
justify it but third and this is the
biggest point I wanted to focus on here
and just just using this as an example
okay because you have Serena Williams
and her claim that she's fighting for
women's rights
what was the exact quote she's fighting
for women's rights women's equality and
all that stuff or suchlike
and other stuff too you know so we see
here again and I don't want to keep
picking on Serena Williams so I you know
just using that as this as a setup here
to to get to one of my my favorite
things to complain about witches which
is how we have taken this this concept
of rights and we have so cheapened it
and turned it into such a shallow and
ridiculous thing in American culture and
that is particularly the case with
women's rights so we see her again
how women's rights has become a
meaningless phrase in modern American
society used by feminists to reinforce
this idea of this fantasy of patriarchal
oppression
and that's how it goes pretty much
anytime the left puts a qualifier in
front of the word rights that's how it
goes
you know that it's gonna be something
shallow and and petty and superficial
the moment they put a qualifier in front
of rights
but I think of all the fake rights
Crusades that are going on in America
right now none have become more absurd
or more frivolous than this idea of
women's rights
whenever someone in America says that
they're fighting for women's rights it
seems like it's always something dumb
like with you know Serena Williams says
she's fighting for women's rights by
cussing out the or shouting at the the
umpire and that tennis match I mean
that's it's just a perfect example of
what women's rights women's rights have
become in America that Serena Williams
is fighting for them by shouting at a
umpire in a tennis match it just seems
like they're always when when this idea
of women's rights comes up that the
person who's talking about they're
always referring to something silly like
that because there isn't any serious
women's rights battle left to be fought
in America women have all of the same
rights as men that fight is over and
thankfully women won women were fighting
legitimately for rights for a long time
they won they succeeded it's over now
great that that's good and so we should
just move on you know history should
just move on to other and more real
battles but but feminists have not
allowed that to happen
and now in fact you know we must say
that women not only have all the same
rights as men but that they even have
some rights that men don't have so if
there's any legal inequality going on in
America it is definitely going on in the
other direction
for instance women are the only ones who
have the legal right to kill children
okay now through abortion of course
that's not a right that I want or that I
think men should have or that I think
anyone should have but it is nonetheless
a a legal legal right a very
powerful legal right that only women
wield women are empowered to be judged
jury and executioner over human lives
men do not have that legal right
I mean you could point all you want to
there are a lot of violent men out there
who do terrible things and that's true
and feminists like the point that out
the in an effort to prove that women are
you know second-class citizens in
America are treated that way anyway but
some in those cases you know when a man
does something violently kill somebody
it's illegal he's gonna go to prison for
that and there are quite a lot of men in
prison for doing violent things
you could say well we you know we need
we need to do a better job of
prosecuting violent men and I'll fine
I'll agree with you there but the fact
is men do not have the right they don't
have the legal right to violently
victimize anyone and if they do
violently victimize someone and they and
they don't go to jail for it it's
because they were able to successfully
argue that they never did that thing
but if it's found out that they did do
it they're gonna go to jail
now contrast that with something like
abortion where women have the legal
right to kill a human being a
defenseless innocent human men do not
have that right I cannot think of any
example of something that men are
allowed to do legally that women are not
allowed to do legally I can't think of
any example I mean the only thing you
had left was you know you know like in
the military fighting on the front lines
out but all that's changing now too
so all of the if there any legal
inequalities it seems to go the other
direction and we could also look at the
fact that women get lighter sentences
for the same crimes in federal court
there are fewer women in prison there
are fewer women homeless there are a few
women who are murder victims there are
fewer female dropouts in high school and
on and on or not so the idea that
women's rights must still be established
in America and that we need people like
Serena Williams to fight for them is
plainly absurd now here's the thing I'm
not saying that men's rights need to be
established either my point is we need
to stop qualifying rights so stop
talking about women's rights don't talk
about men's rights because that's that's
just as bad when you've got some men you
but now you get the men's rights
activist on the other side who are
trying to respond to the feminine and so
they're being essential they're becoming
the antithesis of feminists they're
becoming the you know feminists for the
other side which is a which is no good
either because that entire way of
looking at things is wrong and flawed we
need to stop trying to divide people up
into groups and give them their own
special rights because the whole idea is
that all people are supposed to have the
same rights
that's human rights that's the concept
here we should we don't we shouldn't be
dividing it down and and all that you
know and and and giving it up and
separating and distinguishing
now everyone has the same rights that's
the idea that our founding fathers had
now there was a there was a glaring
oversight for the founding fathers
because they said that all people have
the same rights and people are created
equal except they excluded racial
minorities and women from that from that
group so
it was very necessary for us to go back
and correct that and make sure that we
include racial minorities and women in
that group
and so that's been done thankfully
and so that's that's it that's all we
should do as far as that goes as far as
rights go that's it
what we needed to do was cook was
correct the mistakes of the past and
make sure that everyone in America
really does have equal legal rights and
once that was done as far as rights go
that should be the end of the discussion
and now you just let people go and live
with that freedom
and and the the you know how they choose
to use those freedoms and the outcome of
those use of them using those freedoms
that's an entirely different discussion
and that's not going to be the same it's
not going to be equal
but as long as as long as everyone is
allowed to do legally the same sorts of
things and legally had they have the
same opportunities open to them then
then we can say that the fight for
rights is over
there are there are other human rights
fights in America that still need to be
had the one that I referenced earlier
for instance there is still a group of
human beings who are categorically
excluded from the idea of human rights
and those would be unborn children so
that's a fight that still needs to be
had we still are we still we still after
after all this time still have not
reached a point where everyone in
America is included under the concept of
human rights
which is a very you know it's very sad
when you think about it
that we had you know we had this the the
founding of America and supposedly
everyone had equal rights but of course
racial minorities and women were
excluded and then there was this battle
for over a century you know a century
and a half to get to make sure everyone
really was included and so we had just
kind of established that and then almost
immediately you have roe v-- wade and
now we're excluding a whole other group
of people
like we almost got to the point where we
had it right and everyone really had
equal rights and then we ruined it so
that's still a
a fight that needs to be had
now
I think so you know you have the concept
of Rights which again that's just as
long as we all have the same legal
opportunities and nobody is legally
excluded from you know doing certain
things or being treated a certain way
then and then you have rights so there's
no reason to talk about women's rights
unless we're talking about unborn
females who who you know across the
world anyway are disproportionately
affected by abortion you have sex
selective abortion everything else
everything else but aside from that we
could put the rights discussion to the
side all but we still could have a
discussion and should have a discussion
about other about ways that our culture
particularly degrades women now that
isn't that our culture removes rights
from them
these are not women's rights issues but
they are human issues
and there are issues that seem to
especially impact females you know for
example you have the porn industry
pornography which primarily trades in
the debasement and objectification of
women and children for another example
you have the fact that femininity in our
culture is constantly cheapened by this
concept of transgenderism to insist that
they can become women by you know
mutilate the mutilating themselves or
putting on a dress or something like
that so again the idea of womanhood has
been cheapened and objectified and
appropriated by men so that's an issue
of women being degraded and - based in
our culture and then for another example
to go back to what another time women
are victimized by the abortion industry
and not just because girls are often
targeted for sex selective abortion but
because women are lied to and taken
advantage of and told to convinced
coerced into denying the gift of
motherhood rejecting the the life in
their womb and embracing this life of
regret and emptiness and guilt
so pornography transgenderism abortion
these are very real enemies of women in
our culture
because they defile women they objectify
they cheapen they degrade they kill but
you'll notice that feminists with very
rare exceptions when they talk about
women's rights they're not referring to
any of those things
they usually support all of those things
those are the real battlefields
the real battles that need to be fought
they you know they're on the wrong side
of those where women are actually being
victimized they're they're usually in
favor of all that
but then they're gonna go and rally
behind Serena Williams because you know
because she got in trouble with an
umpire in tennis so pretty much tells
you everything you need to know about
the state of feminism in in modern
America all right I'm gonna leave it
there thanks for watching everybody
thanks for listening and remember
remember to say a prayer for our country
on this anniversary of of 9/11 Godspeed
you
