hi I'm Andrew Clavin and this is another
Kingdom be sure to head over to Daley
wire.com and become a subscriber to get
early access to our episodes ad free in
our last episode austin escaped from
Riley's apartment only to find himself
back in the eunich zombie cave of
sacrifice battling a horrific dragon
made of human body parts he fought the
Beast and it retreated to fight another
day
Austin escaped the cave with the help of
a ghost boy who told him how the people
of Edmund had conjured the wizard
curtain to come to their land
how Curtin had convinced them to murder
their women so that Raiders would not be
attracted to their country and food
would be less scarce at the boys urging
Austin traveled to a magic pond that
healed his wounds then as he leaned into
the water to drink he saw a face on the
surface not his face and the face spoke
to him and now another kingdom episode 4
performed by Michael Knowles
yeah I remarked I scrambled back from
the water's edge even the stallion was
startled he lept sideways to get away
from the pond I mean what the hell right
that was supposed to be my reflection
but it wasn't and whoever it was he was
talking to me crouching afraid I stared
wide-eyed at the pond the water stirred
unnaturally and lifted in a little wave
and in the wave I saw a hand rising but
then the water and the hand fell down
with a splash a silent second past
another then slowly wearily I crawled
back to the edge of the pool I peered
into the still water a face peered back
at me not my face it was the face of a
man in his twenties he had thin narrow
aesthetic features the features of a
scholar or a saint he had short black
hair and a thin prominent nose and
sensual sensitive lips a poet's lips a
lover's he looked worn worn by sorrow
and care I knew at once that this was
the man I had heard lamenting he looked
up at me out of the water he was made of
water for all I could tell at one with
the water inseparable from it he groaned
quietly a hollow wavering liquid sound
my love he said my love who are you I
asked him or tried to ask him my voice
had turned to dust the thunder rolled
above us lightning flashed and when the
wind ruffled the water the man's face
disappeared in the ripples it only
formed there again when the water grew
still the man searched the surface
looking for me then he saw me squinted
at me as if it was hard to make me out
above the pond get away from here he
said in a sombre hollow tone out of the
forest out of Ejim and quickly man
before curtain finds you and curses you
like he did me at that I heard a noise
behind me I looked over my shoulder
I saw a boy staring at me he pulled back
quickly behind a tree and disappeared
I faced the pond face the face in the
pond are they his children are they
curtains he shook his head mournfully
they're mine
all I could preserve of them are they
dead are they ghosts no they were never
born I looked around again my lips
parting I caught glimpses of the
children peeking out from behind the
trees and gone never born I whispered I
turned back to the man in the pond they
were all I could save of the women he
told me their children I understood
the children they didn't live to have
run he moaned run for your life from
this terrible place I will I will I
promised him but somehow I couldn't run
not yet I needed to know more
I had this sense his instinct that it
was important for me to hear his story
tell me who you are first
then I'll go I'm Natanya the magician
magician is that like a wizard no it's a
learned power power over the shapes of
things things seen and unseen healing to
the water I said that was you
I am the water now is that what you
meant about how curtain cursed you my
love he lamented in that watery voice my
heart seized in my chest as a whip crack
of thunder shook the branches and
lightning lit the green dark day go
Sedna tani from the pond go now he's far
off but he senses your presence just
like he sensed mine he will come for you
I knew he was right I could feel it this
country belonged to curtain and the
wizard could feel me here he was angry
too his anger was in the storm some
now some have his anger and the storm
were one in the same and the storm was
getting closer I had to get away from it
fast and yet and yet I couldn't I needed
to know more tell me what happened to
you and I'll go I said he moves in the
wind
Sedna tani the magician speaking from
the substance of the water through the
water in the wind and across dimensions
place-to-place
that's how he saw us together you and
your love my love he echoed she was so
beautiful and she was mine the power of
my magic fed on her love and grew
stronger on it he hated that he feared
it so he stole her from me
curtain he drew her to a lonesome tower
while the purge was going on in the
villages while they were feeding the
women to the beasts you mean he tricked
her that's how his magic works he tricks
his way into your mind and takes it over
I had seen that back in Galliano kirtan
fed his magic on weakness and desire he
used lady cat as loneliness lady better
raise jealousy Lord irons ambition to
seize control of them he took power from
their minds and turned it against them
he came to her in a shape like a hero's
Netanya went on handsome and brave and
strong he tricked her into sin into sin
you mean she fell in love with him she
was afraid and I was gone I should have
stayed to protect her but I went on my
question stead she was alone in new fell
when the sacrifices began she escaped
into the woods but Curtin saw her he
drew her to the tower he told her she'd
be safe there
that they would not find her they would
not throw her to the beasts in the cave
when in her fear she locked the door he
put a spell on the lock and she was
tried
I shook my head what an evil bastard my
fault my fault I left her alone I was on
my quest moving through the villages you
see doing what I could to save the
children the children who would not be
born I gave them shapes and hid their
spirits here in the forest in case any
of the women escaped to claim them too
late I realized curtain had seized upon
my absence to seduce my love his pale
aesthetic poets face took on a new
expression of determination I saw then
what a fool I'd been how wrong I'd been
to leave her I returned to find her to
set her free
to take her away to safety across the 11
lands a thought was teasing at the edges
of my brain now a sin a quest a curse I
had heard these words before Netanya
I draped myself in shadow so curtain
wouldn't see me I found the tower I
climbed to her room I called to her
through the door and she came back to
herself came back to me our love made my
magic strong again and the lock was
broken o my love my love the wind
swirled angrily down from the sky and up
from the earth again carrying the dead
leaves in a chattering tornado
now when the Thunder growled and
grumbled when the lightning flickered
and the green black clouds sieved I felt
the Wizards anger in them I felt him
moving across the dimension of space
coming toward me in the wind as fast as
the wind and twice as terrible I knew I
had to run I knew I had to get out of
the forest but still I lingered for a
moment then with the wind making the
water seed natales face disappeared
beneath the agitated surface but I spoke
into the ripples anyway what happened
next and sure enough his voice came up
to me rippling like the water as the
water grew calm once
or his face reappeared we ran Natanz
said my love and I into the woods to get
away from him but he was coming closer
and closer round the storm just as he is
coming now there was no hiding from him
no escape I tried to cover my darling
and magic
I made a mantel of my love for her but
his voice broke but he had gotten inside
her head and she could not free herself
I couldn't protect her
I knew when he reached us he would
destroy us both so I did the only thing
I could think of the lightning flickered
above the trees and the Thunder crashed
so loudly and so angrily that the forest
seemed to shake with fear the wind
rushed over us and I could feel the rain
inside him my stallion stirred and
whinny as much as to say to me hurry
Austin hurry
curtain was near the storm was about to
break I changed her shape so he wouldn't
know her I used all the power of my
magic to turn her into a creature of the
woods so she could slip away you see and
elude him even as he swept into the
forest searching for her he was speaking
quickly now hoping to finish his story
so I could get the hell out of there in
time and I I was staring down at him my
mouth opened my mind racing the thought
repeating as he spoke a thought I
couldn't believe and yet couldn't quite
deny a sin a quest a curse she ran I
made her run she escaped
I saw her escape but where where did she
go
I never knew I don't know now I don't
know how far or whether she is alive or
dead his voice sank to a watery moan and
once she was gone all my magic was gone
with her alone alone without my love I
was no match for Curtin he found me and
came into my head and drove me mad I
threw myself into this pond hoping to
drown myself before he used my magic
against me used it to transform me into
something abominable but he would not
let me die he seized on my despair and
for
me to change my own shape into the
element of water with that the lightning
flashed the pond went white the thunder
struck again so near so loud I could
hear nothing else for a moment
then from the roiling water The
Magicians gurgling voice cried out to me
run run for your life run now but I
lingered one more second a sin a quest a
curse I tried to speak I couldn't I
tried again
I said mod was it more my friend the
squirrel girl mod and from the depths of
the now churning pool Netanya Serna
voice rose up to me more more MORE
my love my love the storm broken the
rain fell the wizard was almost upon me
I had to run for it I ran I rushed to my
stallion with my leg now healed now
strong I stepped quickly into the
stirrup and swung myself into the saddle
in a single motion the clouds burst and
the rain washed over me in a torrent the
force of the downpour was incredible it
whipped my face it stung my cheeks and
nearly blinded me
leaves were torn from their branches
they dropped down hard the Thunder
cracked again and again and the great
clouds above the treetops flashed
blackly with the lightning inside them
through the hellish noise I shouted
toward the pond
she lives magician she's alive I've seen
her she sent me on this quest
she sent me and you healed me and so
help me I will bring her back to you
I'll find the Emperor we'll free these
countries and so help me but the thunder
roared so loudly and the lightning
struck so near my voice was drowned and
my courage failed and I dug my heels
into the Stallions side and shouted ha
the last I saw of Netanya was a wave
lifting wildly on the wild wild wind
with his hand inside it as if to bid me
go then the stallion reared and ran we
dashed through the rain beneath the
trees the leaves swirled up from the
ground and slanted out of the sky at
once
the winds drove a dark mist between the
flailing branches through those leaves
and through that mist and through the
sheets of rain
I saw the never born children running in
terror fading in and out of being in the
tempest-tossed obscurity I went on
battling my way through the Maelstrom
lightning struck a mighty pine and
severed its trunk like the blow of a
giant axe sparks flew and the stallion
halted and wounded as the tree toppled
over in front of me its branches flaming
I shouted at the horse again and snapped
the reins the stallion left high and he
cleared the fire and rode on I was
searching for the tree line for a trail
for any way out but the forest just grew
deeper as the storm grew worse the wind
was now so strong the horse could barely
make headway against it the Lightning
was striking fast on every side flash
flash one strike after another all
around me trees were going up in yellow
flames even as the rain washed down and
drenched them trunks were crashing
through the branches thudding to the
ground
flaming branches were sweeping past my
face each new obstacle and danger forced
me to turn and turn again until I had no
idea which direction I was facing which
way I should go to get out of this
forest the rain lashed me the wind
buffeted me fire flared around me damn
it I shouted in frustration but my voice
was swallowed by yet another crash of
thunder then for just a moment a storm
low the way storms will and in the
sudden unnerving quiet there was the
steady whisper of rainfall and a voice a
soft voice calling to me
we'll get back to the story in a minute
but first if you'd like to keep watching
these great visuals throughout the whole
episode and get each episode a full week
ahead of everyone else become a daily
wire premium subscriber you'll get a new
chapter every Monday while the rest of
you will have to wait till Friday to
find out what happens on Austin's quest
don't wait till Friday
subscribe now as a premium subscriber
you'll be able to watch live episodes of
the ben shapiro show the michael knowles
show the matt walsh show and me on the
andrew Clavin show
read daily wire.com without ads download
our latest ebooks interact with hosts by
writing into the mailbag it's all
ad-free to continue enjoying these rich
visuals and riveting story you guessed
it become a subscriber over a daily wire
now back to the story over here
desperate
soaking breathless I turned and saw a
woman standing among the trees she was
wearing a hooded robe a peasant's robe
but even at a glance I could see she was
not a peasant beneath her cowl she had
elegant lovely features and red red hair
spilling out from the rough cloth to
fall around her cheeks the ghosts of
unborn children flitted past her and
vanished among the trees all around her
in the black mist and the gray downpour
she beckoned me urgently with one hand
clutching her robe closed around her
with the other hurry over here I didn't
know what to think was she real was she
friendly had I crossed the border out of
Edmond and escaped the Wizards domain or
was she a creature of his some sort of
demon or illusion I just didn't know but
the storm was already rising again the
next time the thunder struck it was so
loud it scattered my thoughts the
Lightning lanced out of midair and cut
another pine in two and sent the pieces
flaming to the earth the wind swirled
full of wet leaves the leaves and the
wind smacked into me and nearly knocked
me from my saddle squinting through the
downpour I saw the woman beckon me again
she shouted to me but the noise of the
storm swept her words away I decided I
had to trust her alone unguided I would
never get out of this tempest alive I
pulled the reins to point the stallion
toward her and spurred the horse on the
motion brought the wind to my back the
wind gave me speed as soon as the
red-haired woman saw me coming she
turned and started hurrying through the
forest I could see she knew the way
amidst all the massed undergrowth and
the Fallen wreckage she moved smoothly
and swiftly as on an open path when I
followed in her footsteps I also passed
quickly among the swaying trees we broke
through the tree line into a broad
clearing and there stood a house
not just a house a grand mansion brown
and white like the brown white wood
around it it seemed almost to grow up
out of the ground stables and Gables and
bay windows and peaked roofs surrounded
by birches and autumn maples lashed by
the storm I pulled up staring startled
amazed who built such a grand house here
the woman was up ahead of me running for
it she turned as she went and beckoned
again more urgently I hesitated only
another second I felt a sourness in my
heart doubt distrust who was she how had
she come to be here but looking around I
saw the whole forest bending and
groaning under the force of The Tempest
patches of flame rising and falling here
and there as the lightning struck and
then struck again I was going to die if
I didn't get shelter me and the stallion
were both going to die I rode on
following the woman she was at the
stables now with an effort she slid open
the large heavy door she stood back to
let me pass I rode into the structure
ducking low to clear the lintel it was a
huge relief to come in out of the
weather the stallion shook himself
beneath me throwing off water I slid out
of the saddle exhausted if I hadn't been
gripping the reins I think I would have
toppled into the hay breathing hard I
turned to the woman she pushed the rein
blackened cowl off her head my breath
caught I nearly gasped aloud she was
even more beautiful than I had realized
at first so beautiful
mesmerizing her red hair flowed lushly
around an oval face of small neatly
sculpted features even in the shadows of
the stables I could see her gleaming
cobalt eyes tender and caring and warm
she did not look like anyone I knew
anyone I had ever seen anywhere and yet
there was something about her something
about the kindness and gentleness in her
expression that reminded me of someone I
could not place who it was who are you I
said my name is hemara her voice was
also warm also kind it seemed to pour
over me like a soothing balm
what is this place I asked it's alright
you'll be safe here I'll take care of
you until the storm is over after that
you can make a run for the border the
border were still in Edgemont then she
nodded unhappily we are but he can't
find us here
I promise I'll protect you he curtain
she didn't have to say the name she
gestured toward the black stallion come
on now unsaddle him I'll brush him down
while I worked the saddle off
she took a brush from a peg on the wall
she stroked the horse dry murmuring
sweetly to him as she worked her way
across his flank I stood in my soggy
clothes and watched her couldn't take my
eyes off her I was a city boy I didn't
know a thing about horses but she seemed
to wield the brush with a sure hand as
she kept whispering to him there's a
good boy
there's a good boy she really did remind
me of someone but I still couldn't
figure out who you seemed to know what
you're doing I said you've got to get
them fluffy again or they can't get warm
she glanced at me smiled a smile like
her eyes like her voice infinitely
gentle womanly oh look at you you're
poor thing you look so worried don't
worry I'll take care of him and then
that smile again
then I'll take care of you go fetch a
bale of hay so he has something to eat
now there were a few bales stacked
against one wall not many I noticed why
not
where were the other horses my black
stallion was the only one here I hosted
a bale and carried it over to the
stallion and set it down for him it made
me realize now that I was well now that
my fever and nausea were gone how
incredibly hungry I was Himura de
finished the brushing she hung the brush
on the wall again she wiped her forehead
with one wet sleeve all right now
sweetheart she said to me come along
I'll feed you she flashed another sweet
smile and gently patted my cheek the
warmth of her touch went right through
knife meets hot butter then she pulled
her hood up over her flowing hair and
moved to the door I stood by the
stallion watching her go mesmerised by
her such a beautiful girl and so kind
almost wifely almost maternal I'll feed
you I'll take care of you sweetheart but
what was she doing here
a woman in Edmond where all the women
were dead in this house even in crazy
Austin is having a hallucination land
there was something about this situation
that did not add up sliding the stable
door open again
a Marta turned to me framed against the
backdrop of the storm she saw me
hesitating and gave me yet another of
those charming smiles I realized then
whom she reminded me of Jane my friend
the girl I loved back home Jane Jane
away it was her smile her tenderness her
feminine sweetness that seemed to reach
out to me from this stranger that seized
my heart here as it always did back in
the real world come on then darlin Oh
Marta said to me as if she were coaxing
a reluctant child it'll be alright come
on she pushed out into the rain and I
mesmerised trailed after her The Tempest
was still running high the whole forest
was seething with wind and rain the
trees around the clearing bent low and
slashed up straight again as the fallen
leaves tornado the boiling clouds above
us exploded over and over with white
black lightning clutching her cowl tight
around her face a martyr raced for the
mansion's front door I erased after her
she went quickly up the three front
steps pulled the door open and hurried
inside eager to get out of the rain
again I left up the steps after her and
dashed across the threshold as I did
just as I was crossing over I caught one
quick glimpse of her one glimpse of her
Marta's standing in the front hall
waiting for me there her bright eyes now
seemed more bright weirdly bright and
her sweet smile suddenly struck me as
wrong
creepy and unpleasant I thought to
myself I've made a terrible mistake but
the next thing I knew I was through the
door and in the garage at Riley's
apartment
house just sliding behind the wheel of
Riley's Volkswagen for a moment I was
too dazed by the transition to
understand what the hell was going on
then I did understand I was back in
Walnut Creek I was trying to escape the
people in the building were calling the
police
for all I knew in minutes squad cars
would come swarming onto the scene
sirens blaring I was on the run again
somehow dazed as I was I managed to
switch the engine on and snap the
Passats gear shift into reverse I backed
out of Riley's parking spot and swung
the car around tires screeching then I
rolled forward to the garage door which
rolled open automatically as I came a
moment later I was out on the street
back in the city driving past the empty
office parks their towers lit up bright
and hollow in the misty night I wound
around them and on the broad curving
Boulevard then fired like a rock from a
slingshot out into the darkness of the
side streets I was heading to Berkeley
to my parents house heading home there
was no GPS in the ancient Volks but it
didn't matter I knew the way from
childhood I left the straight path as
soon as I could and traveled on lesser
byways I hope the police would not guess
that I had switched cars but I couldn't
count on him so it was best to keep out
of sight as much as possible it felt
strange to be rolling lonesome through
the dark like that it was hard to
process the vastness of my disconnection
no phone no internet no media my
isolation was like a hunkering presence
a Stone gargoyle glowering on my
shoulder when had I ever been so
solitary I stared through the windshield
at the headlight two-lane my mind was
reeling images sluicing in and out of
memory like scary faces in a carnival
horror ride I saw the storm-tossed Woods
of edgy Monde The Magicians poetic
features lamenting in the pool the
monster in the cave the mansion in the
forest I thought of home Arta that last
glimpse I'd had of home artists face a
glimpse is all it was it had lasted less
than a second but in that flash she
seemed to me what was the word I wanted
malevolent yes had I imagined that had I
mistaken what I saw
or was that the truth about her was she
some creature sent by the wizard curtain
to draw me into a trap as he had drawn
mod to the prison tower where he locked
her away mod that was the next thought
that came to me mod the mutant squirrel
girl my friend it was strange to think
of that Stern unruly creature as fully a
woman and a woman in love and in love
with such a pale poetic type as Netanya
I wondered if I would really be able to
keep my promise to him to find some way
to bring them back together I tried to
think it through as I guided the passat
through the California darkness but as
always when I was back here in modernity
I found it almost impossible to fully
believe in that other semi medieval
fantasy novel world curses spells
Wizards who wormed their way into your
will they were so real when I was
fighting them for my life but once I was
back in a car on a modern byway well how
the hell was I supposed to think of them
as anything but crazy dreams maybe
that's why my fears about hih Marta and
my worries about mod faded as I was
driving fell away from me like a shed
skin after all here I was on a lonely
road winding up from the depths of a
deserted Canyon and as I crested the
ridge I looked out through the window
through the trees and saw the familiar
lights of Oakland's spread out below me
and my mind just naturally returned to
the troubles at hand billiard ball dead
and my crazy sister missing and my
entire family conspiring with serge
Orosco to do I didn't even know what
reality what a depressing thought I so
did not want to be doing this I did not
want to go home and see my parents not
at all it was bad enough back in the old
days last week when I only had to
contend with their disdain for my
artistic ambitions when I only had to
swallow my Envy at their worshipful
admiration of my successful older
brother that enough then but now now
when it turned out that they and my
brother all three were agents of a
lunatic billionaire who killed anyone
who got in his way who was trying to
kill me their own son and Reilly their
only daughter not that they cared my
right hand
moved to my throat went into my shirt
touched the locket around my neck my
fingers brushed the gold and felt the
warm energy coming off the surface of
the metal but I didn't need any magic to
remind me of Riley little Riley as a
child her hysterical frightened cries
from her bedroom and how no one went to
her no one but me which made me think of
my mother it made me think about her
prim bloodless lips and her passionless
eyes and her dry intellectual drawl
trading academic patter with dad and
Richard well Riley cried oh go see about
Riley Austin would you a word of
tenderness and that woman's mouth would
have died of loneliness which made me
think in turn about Jane Jane away about
the passion I'd felt for her back in LA
the passion I still felt for her
whenever I was calm enough to feel
anything at all besides fear my desire
for Jane wasn't some pale polite tepid
modern yearning no it was more than her
company I wanted more than her body more
than sex and even love though God knows
I wanted all that too but when I thought
of Jane really thought of her I wanted
to reach right through her flesh and
grab the soul of her dragged her to me
by her soul and press my soul into hers
lips first I wanted to plant my children
inside her like founding a city on
fertile soil
you know how feminists used to complain
that men wanted to keep women barefoot
and pregnant well hell I was willing to
let Jane have shoes I guess but other
than that I wanted our children falling
out of her like fruit from a tree that's
how I felt and to hell with anyone who
didn't like it I could see a whole
future with her daydream the whole thing
from our wedding day to my funeral but
now now as I drove I began to doubt
myself to doubt even my own desires
which brought me back to her Marta her
womanly sweetness her maternal kindness
so like Jane's how quickly she had
hypnotized me drawn me in was it like
that with Jane too had a childhood with
such an unmodern plea left me so hungry
for feminine care that it was as if I
had a yearning ghost inside me a spirit
boy like in the children's forest
desperate to be brought to life by the
first
motherly maiden who came along Reilly's
Volkswagen curled down out of the night
hills and I finally joined up with the
freeway coming into the bright cities
from the south it was after midnight now
not much traffic i skirted the campus on
Shattuck Avenue and climbed into the
wooded hills of the north side until I
arrived at my parents house I will say
this for mom and dad whatever dastardly
deeds they've been doing four surgeries
go they hadn't got rich off them not so
far as I could see anyway their house
was the same odd and ramshackle place
where we had lived when I was growing up
big husky weather-worn
a rambling storybook illustration of a
place with lots of shingled roofs and
fanciful curves and hidden crannies even
a sweeping stone staircase that rose
from the lawn to a stunted tower it was
set back from the steeply climbing
sharply winding road amidst a cluster of
drooping beech trees and stunted
redwoods all of them turned to eerie
silhouettes by the night I pulled into
the driveway and shut off the engine the
house was quiet dark either my parents
were still down in Los Angeles or they
were asleep asleep i wagered seeing
their mini was in the garage I stepped
out of the Volks into the night I stood
and breathe the fresh cool air and
listened to an owl were wooing somewhere
in the nearby trees I scan to the street
no sign of cops changing cars covering
my tracks I'd lost them I supposed it
was possible they think to look for me
here hell it was possible my folks would
turn me in if they saw me but I didn't
plan to stay that long I didn't know
what Riley had left for me here
I didn't even really know if she had
left anything but if she had I knew
where I would find it I trudged
reluctantly up the rising front path I
was in no hurry to step back into my
childhood home I never had been but
especially not now now that I knew what
I knew I approached a redwood on the
sloping front lawn a spare key was still
there in the water tray beneath the
hummingbird feeder I used it to let
myself in the side door and enter the
kitchen I turned off the alarm by poking
my brother's birthdate into the
had I stood in the darkness even the
smell of the place depressed me the
smell of my past I'd never liked it and
I always known what was going on here
and I always been aware deep down that
something in this house was terribly
wrong I knew I ought to start searching
right away but I suddenly realized again
how hungry I was very hungry just as I
had been back in Edgemont
I checked the refrigerator typically
austere parental fair I slapped together
a sandwich of cheese and artisanal bread
plus some sort of brown relish for
flavor i sat at the kitchen table in the
shadows and chomped on it my brain kept
telling me I oughta hurry
I oughta search the place and get out
before I was discovered but much as I
disliked this house it was home I was
comfortable here I was losing my sense
of urgency when I was done eating I
dusted the crumbs from my hands and
stood up i swayed unsteady on my feet
touching my forehead closing my eyes man
I was tired I trudged out of the kitchen
into the living room a pleasant room I
could make it out in the shadows lots of
warm wood and floral furniture like the
rest of the house
it had the homey but manufactured charm
of a country inn from there I slowly
climbed the stairs to the shabby hall
off the second floor landing
I meant to head straight to Reilly's
room I did but as I shuffled along the
burgundy runner I reached my own boyhood
cubicle and paused in the doorway there
was my old bed in the shadows inviting I
was so tired and this was home if I
could just lie down for a few minutes
not to sleep just to rest fully dressed
I settled on my back on top of the bed
spread my hands folded on my chest like
a corpse my gaze moved over the dark
walls oh don't think for a moment the
room had been tenderly preserved to
remind my parents of my treasured
childhood ha the sci-fi movie posters
had been stripped from the walls the
superhero model swept from their shelves
it was now a spare mostly bare and yet
somehow pretentious little guest room
decorated with one prints of I don't
know Provence or some similarly
fashionable place the
stal Jacquizz Ruiz settled over me like
the darkness another second and I was
fast asleep I shot up awake thinking
shit it was morning white sunlight
streaming in through the window
what had wakened me my mother shit
shit she'd been holding the door
slightly ajar peeking in on me silent I
had seen her through half opened eyes
just for a second the look on her face
like a Marta's look malevolent then
she'd withdrawn and shut the door again
shit shit shit
quickly I rolled my legs off the bed and
sat up on the edge of the saggy mattress
I rubbed my fingers through my hair and
shook my head doing my best to bring
myself to full alertness alright I
thought trying to calm myself alright
there was no seizing back the lost time
I just had to stay solid inside do my
thing and get out of here
keep chill chilly chilliest shit I
thought I got up I remembered the last
time I'd been here about three months
before I left a change of clothes I'm
not sure why maybe just remind my
parents I existed when I checked the
bottom drawer of the bureau the clothes
were still there
fast as I could I changed into them it
was nice to get into some fresh
underwear jeans and a sweatshirt I left
the bloody old clothes in their place as
I was walking downstairs I heard my
parents talking to one another in the
kitchen murmuring to one another is more
like it and the tone of their voices
sent the proverbial icy finger of my
proverbial spine it was nothing I could
describe exactly nothing I could really
give a name to but I can say this
there's was not in oh joy our darling
son is home sort of murmur more like oh
crap what are we going to do now well
what else could I expect the last time I
had seen the dear rents just a couple of
days ago down in LA they'd been telling
me why I had to lie to the police and
cover up a Rosco's murders for him they
were all too disappointed when I refused
and they seemed perfectly gratified to
listen to Richard threaten me with the
destruction of my life and reputation
and what I laughingly call
my career so I couldn't exactly hope
they were going to be thrilled to see me
still you know how it is
momdad all that you always keep hoping
for a little love and approval from them
even when you know better even when
you're pretty sure they're conspiring
with a power-mad a lunatic to destroy
the known universe or whatever the hell
they were conspiring to do they must
have heard me coming because they shut
down their conversation about two
seconds before I pushed through the
swinging door oh well well
muttered my father as I walked in what
have we here
he was an owlish man with close cropped
salt-and-pepper hair narrow glasses and
a distracted gaze what a nice surprise
said my mother she was angular where she
existed in fleshly form at all it was
the worst imitation of a parental
welcome I'd ever heard and I'd heard
more than my share my father had been
reading something on his device before I
entered I caught the word motel and knew
that billiard balls death had made the
news dad quickly pressed the button to
make the screen go blank and just as
quickly
he raised his coffee cup to his lips and
sipped innocently smiling thinly around
the rim
the silence then was so awkward it was
nigh on unbearable I busied myself by
going to the coffee machine and pouring
a steaming mugful behind me my father
finally came up with something vaguely
father like to say so what brings you up
this way I turned to him and leaned
against the kitchen counter beams of
Morning Sun were shooting in through the
window above the sink and if you had
taken a picture of us just then mom and
dad at the table me sipping Joe the
bright yellow daisies on the walls and
the message magnets on the fridge you
would have captured us looking exactly
like the happy all-american family we
had never been I snorted into my coffee
what brings me up this way
how about the fact that my little sister
is missing your daughter Riley remember
her oh said my mother with a little
frown I hardly think she's missing
Austin don't be so dramatic
drama never hell
anything my father muttered as if
amusing to himself he was amusing
murderer my father was okay so she's not
missing I said let's just say her own
boyfriend doesn't know where she is
well Marco said my mother rolling her
eyes her videos have vanished from the
internet those videos said my mother
rolling her eyes her apartments been
ransacked and the last time I heard from
her she was afraid for her life
ransacked said my mother rolling her
eyes I wish you wouldn't use overblown
words and phrases like ransacked afraid
for her life
really Austin drama drama
my father said in a singsong mutter he
wagged his finger at me then dad sipped
his coffee and mom stirred her tea and
the silence was unbearably awkward again
who the hell were these people I asked
myself I mean really were they inhuman
monsters willing to let their cult
leader slaughter their own children in
order to bring about the Orosco age as
he called it well we nothing compared to
that bastards utopia there were plenty
of things I thought of asking them then
plenty of information I would have liked
to know for instance Orosco had told me
a strange dreamlike tale about a cowled
man who had sat with him through the
night in his dacha back in Russia many
years ago somehow in a rhaskos mind at
least he had made some kind of deal with
kaol guy and now cow guy had shown up to
collect his end of the bargain
Orosco needed to find the manuscript
another kingdom or suffer some sort of
consequence that was the gist of the
story anyway as far as I could make it
out it was all pretty unclear did my
parents know anything about this did it
refer to anything real or was it just an
old psychopaths paranoid fantasy I would
have liked to ask but somehow I couldn't
get the words out I didn't have the
energy to stand there listening to them
lie and mumble Vega Nana teased that
trailed off into another awkward silence
just like this one what was the point I
cut my losses took one more slug of
coffee then set the mug on the counter
with a clunk
well I said going so soon said my father
hopefully let me just wash up and I'll
be gone I said the rents exchanged an
unreadable look at that well I should
probably head up to my study and do some
work then my father muttered but he
didn't move and my mother said yes I
really must write some emails but she
didn't move either so I moved well I
said then I walked out of the kitchen to
search the damned house
I went straight to my sister's bedroom
her presence like mine had been all but
erased from the childhood mance her room
like mine like every room had been
scrubbed of personality and redecorated
with the homie but faceless charm of a
bed-and-breakfast the only original
furniture that remained was her bed and
the old Bureau with its big mirror on
the wall opposite I peeked under the bed
and rummaged briefly through the bureau
drawers but I knew there would be
nothing there and I knew exactly where
to look next when she was little Riley
had had the odd habit of climbing into
the odd houses odd storage closets and
crawl spaces she would go in there with
a doll or by herself and do I never knew
what and eventually unnerving ly
reappear in a different room because
some of the spaces were connected to
some of the others through vents and
such I'd gone into one of these passages
once to see what the attraction was but
it was dusty and cramped and unpleasant
and made me claustrophobic so I never
really explored the whole network anyway
as Riley got older she stopped going in
as well
I knew there was a nuke in her closet so
I started there I opened the door and
found that my mother had appropriated
the space for her own use a lot of her
old dinner party dresses were hanging
from the rod as I pushed through them to
the back I caught the musty smell of her
clinging to the cloth the smell of mom
it surrounded me and yes if you want to
know it made my heart hurt all those
warm memories I didn't have of a
childhood I had never lived came back to
me as if they were more than mere
longing
on the other side of moms dresses at the
back of the closet down low there was a
little storage milk about the size of a
suitcase I got on my knees then down on
my stomach and squirmed in sure enough
at the back there was a narrow passage
into the wall I stuck my head in in my
hand then grunting I drew in the rest of
me it was as I remembered unpleasant
claustrophobic I could just barely
squeeze my shoulders through the gap and
I had an immediate panicky urge to
squeeze right out again if only to make
sure I wasn't going to be stuck in there
forever but by the light filtering in
from the
behind me I could see that the passage
went on quite away and I thought if
Riley really had left something for me
if I wasn't desperately kidding myself
this would have been the place for her
to hide it so on I slithered it felt
like being back in the Mousehole passage
out of the monsters lair an edge iment
fighting through the cramped corridor
sweating grunting with exertion
breathlessly frightened of getting stuck
in a few more yards I reached a
crossroads where an air duct intersected
with the crawl space the duct was larger
and it had vents that led in air and
light which was a relief with an effort
I craned my neck I looked down the duct
one way and then the other and I'll be
damned
there it was there was a flat I didn't
know what lying on the duct floor near
the second vent the sight of it made my
pulse quicken because whatever it was it
seemed to have been positioned
intentionally close to Riley's room in a
lit spot that made it easy to see Riley
had placed this thing where I might find
it but where no one else ever would it
was no easy business to maneuver my body
around the corner into the duct but I
managed it I crawled to the second vent
and picked up the package it was an old
DVD case ancient Jurassic on the cover
there was a fuzzy picture of a haunted
house silhouetted against a full moon
and a tree branch horror mansion that
was the title some low-budget piece of
crap obviously I snapped the case open
the DVD was still inside and Riley or
someone had scrawled some numbers on the
shiny surface with a marker a phone
number I paused there a moment thinking
horror mansion the title seemed vaguely
familiar I felt I had seen the movie
once a long time ago in fact a scene
came into my head a small bedroom a
shelf a lantern a dead bird that was all
I could remember if this was the clue
Riley had left for me I could not for
the life of me fathom what it meant I
had an idea then I thought maybe I
should touch the locket around my neck
it had reminded me of that night Riley
was crying hysterically in her bed that
had led me to the book in her apartment
so maybe now it would remind me why I
knew this movie
why Riley might have left it here my
hand moved to my throat but before I
touched the locket something happened I
heard something voices my parents well
this was weird extremely weird I was
upstairs the vent looked out on the
second-floor landing I was pretty sure
my parents were nowhere nearby they had
both said they were going to do some
work my father's study was in the queer
little tower part of the house and my
mother's was down the hall from the
kitchen and yet this is the weird part
their voices were as clear to me as if
they were standing right next to me
speaking in my ear it was one of those
oral tricks you know the air-duct this
part of the air-duct was in one of those
hotspots where sound congregates from
all over it occurred to me that that
explained why when she was little
Riley always seemed to know stuff she
wasn't supposed to know she could climb
in here and listen to us talking
wherever we were it's no use pretending
there's a decision to make
my mother said and this was all so weird
her voice was different than it usually
was less vague more sharp more certain
all the decisions were made long ago
Charles it's the consequence we're
dealing with now that's all and isn't
that what a decision is really when you
think about it it's a commitment to the
consequences no doubt no doubt
my father muttered he sounded the same
as always
distant musing I was just remarking on
the difficulty of it that's all oh I
know
we're not unfeeling Austin's a dear
dreamy fellow in his way and we are his
parents yes there's all that but I meant
the weight more than anything oh well
the weight yes waiting is always the
worst part of everything isn't it but it
won't be long they should be here any
minute
it's best this way likely of course of
course it is we've worked so hard the
boys going to get himself killed if he
keeps on like this in response my mother
just said hmm now by the time I got to
that mmm I was already plenty scared but
that hmm that really terrified me I mean
the
moment I heard my mother talking about
what a dear dreamy fellow I was I
understood that she that both of them
had sold me out they had called a
Rosco's minions to tell them I was here
that phrase they should be here any
minute that told me exactly how little
time I had to get the hell out of there
before the thugs arrived but when my
father said I was likely to get myself
killed and when my mother answered with
nothing but that mmm the impression I
got was that dear old mom knew something
about what was going to happen next
something that dear old dad hadn't quite
figured out yet dear old dad may have
been in denial but it was pretty obvious
that dear old mom knew the truth namely
dear old me was about to go missing for
good so much for coming home time to hit
the road I stuffed the DVD box into my
waistband the duct was too narrow for me
to turn around in and backing up seemed
too slow so I crawled forward hoping to
find an exit up ahead I did find one but
not soon enough I scrambled along the
duct to the end of the landing took a
tight turn there into an empty storage
space in the empty storage space I found
a trapdoor
I pushed the trapdoor and it creaked
open a crack I was able to work my feet
around and press them down and kick the
trap open the whole way I lowered myself
to the landing the second my feet
touched the floor I took off running I
reached the stairs and grabbed the newel
swung myself around and went thundering
down but the moment I reached the living
room I knew my time was up through a
window onto the front of the house I saw
a great big dark blue cadillac escalade
pulled to the curb and stopped as I
peered out two large men exited the car
one from each front door it was the
driver who caught my attention yeah he
was a bad man a dangerous man
I could see it at a glance his whole
bearing spoke of competence
professionalism and a blithe
indifference to human suffering the way
he walked the little smile on his lips
the way he casually pulled his jacket
shut and buttoned it to hide the gun in
the holster on his belt
everything about him told me he had done
terrible things and done them well and
done them for a living
slick I named
to him in my mind because that's what he
was tall lean fit with a long cruel
handsome face his sandy hair was combed
back but dry as if the wind were blowing
it his suit was blue like his Cadillac
and his tie was red like blood he wore
tinted glasses but not dark you could
see his eyes through them they were
witty eyes but mean the guy with him was
black moustached broad shouldered tall
and thick like a football player he was
the muscle it was slick who would do the
thinking for both of them they hadn't
parked in the driveway so if I could get
to Reilly's Volks I might still be able
to escape I'd have to run out the back
door and sneak around to the front but
with a little luck I might pull it off I
dashed to the back of the room just as I
reached the archway at the far end
I heard the rap at the kitchen door
metal against glass a ringed finger
rapping the doors sidelight slick was
knocking coming my mother sang out sang
out casually as she went to open the
door for my executioner that casual
singsong tone of hers it went into me
like a dagger my mother
dazed with the implications I left the
living room and stumbled down a single
stair into a mudroom
the mudroom door led to the backyard I
seized hold of the knob and ripped the
door open and I let out a strangled
curse and froze because there wavery
through a fantastical haze there was
hemara waiting for me in the foyer of
the mansion in the forest of Edgemont
waiting with that strangely bright smile
that had made me believe she was luring
me into a trap behind me I heard my
mother open the kitchen door for my
murderer
next time on another Kingdom
I heard the kitchen door closed the
assassin was inside the house and still
I stood there between the two worlds
edge amond and its dangers were crowding
in on my reeling consciousness now a
storm in the forest the heavy atmosphere
of evil my sense that the wizard curtain
was rushing to the scene to destroy me
my growing suspicion that Hamato was
luring me into Curtin's trap it all came
back to me and at the same time
footsteps the killer coming if he found
me I would vanish without a trace this
has been another kingdom by Andrew
Klavan
performed by Michael Knowles this
episode directed and produced by
Jonathan hey produced by Mathis Glover
executive producer Jeremy boring
associate producer Austin Stevens edited
by Jim nickel audio recorded by Mike
core Mina sound design and mix by Dylan
case music composed by Adrian Sealy hair
makeup and wardrobe by Joshua alvera di
T by Scott Key and our production
assistant is Colton Haas visual
supervisor Jake Jackson lead illustrator
Rebecca Shapiro illustrations by Anthony
Clark animations by Alvin Tyner Cole
Holloway and Yi Han soo another Kingdom
is a daily wire for word publishing
production for word publishing 2018
