so continuing on this theme a little bit
Serena Williams planning the US Open she
lost an eye oh me Osaka
of Japan and Naomi Osaka very dignified
kind of almost self effacing
a character goes up against Serena
Williams who has been a dominant factor
in the sport for a long time and during
the game her coach Serena Williams coach
was caught cheating he was sending her
hand signals coaching from the stands
which is against the rules and when they
called him out on this and they docked
Serena for it
she broke her racket which is also
against the rules and she lost her
temper and went nuts and ultimately lost
them she was dr. another point I believe
and then lost the game here is Serena
Williams losing it for the umpire on the
court
you are after cheating in my life I have
a daughter in established right
everything
sorry
yeah
now by the way her coach admitted that
he was doing it I mean it's caught on
camera you could see client clear as day
coach admitted he was doing it they said
everybody does it now if you have a
mother you know that that excuse does
not wash right everybody's doing it
never washes not with mom not with the
combine nobody now here's what bothers
me about this Serena Williams is a lousy
sport she is a great athlete nobody
would ever deny what a great athlete is
but she has been a lousy sport all her
life and that isn't even cutting her
some slack
cutting her some slack in the fact that
champions are typically not the best
losers in the world but she has been a
John McEnroe bad loser from the start
and John McEnroe level and that means
she is a great athlete but a lousy role
model okay and then she comes out and
she pulls the political card you know
it's like the feminist card which is
ridiculous the the race card everything
she comes out and gives this press
conference I've seen other men call
other umpires several things and I'm
here fighting for women's rights and for
women's equality and for all kinds of
stuff and for me to say thief and for
him to take a game it made me feel like
it was a sexist remark I mean like how
he's never till you came from a man
because I said feat for me it blows my
mind but I'm gonna continue to to fight
for women and to fight for us to have
equal eye coordination be able to take
her shirt off without getting a fine
like this is outrageous you know and I
just feel like the fact that I have to
go through this is just an example for
the next person that has emotions and
that want to express themselves and they
want to be a strong woman and they're
gonna be allowed to do that because of
today maybe didn't work out for me but
it's gonna work out for the next person
what a pile of garbage I mean the fact
that they applauded for this that you
know I swear I swear that white
journalists left-wing journals they
treat black people like children like
they have to be like like hey they have
to be coddled and they have to be given
extra you know no man tennis has always
been a gentleman's game men get fined
for this stuff all the time they get
docked points for it all the time they
get thrown out
I mean McEnroe was always getting you
know punished for this stuff that's not
she was a poor sport
Roger Kimble writes a piece in The
Spectator comparing her to Hillary
Clinton and there is something to be
said for the fact that the left just
cannot lose and and make something
positive out of it you know they saluted
John McCain for the way he lose he
taught us how to lose they said I'm not
seeing that I'm not seeing any losing
with any kind of dignity you know I just
find it appalling that she should not be
held to the standard of an athlete who
is a role model for children nobody
should ever talk to an umpire like that
that is absurd that is absurd and I it's
it's not appalling to me that a champion
is passionate it's that a champion
breaks the rules that a champion does
all those but she should be treated like
everybody else and when she does it
certainly the press should react and say
no that's not the way people act in a
gentleman and lady's game it really is
bad I really it's the same thing they do
with black athletes when they kneel it's
like you know welcome to the country now
behave like everybody else you know
because it's just absurd
