senator Cory Booker says he's Spartacus
because he released some emails at the
Brett Kavanaugh hearings this is about
the closest I'll probably ever have in
my life to an I am Spartacus moment fact
check his cory booker Spartacus let's
find out first we have to determine what
the senator meant by comparing himself
to the Thracian gladiator who led a
slavers revolt against ancient Rome
around seventy three years before Christ
was Booker comparing himself to the
Spartacus from the pornographic stars TV
series in which case he was trying to
tell us he felt like an aristocrats
naughty daughter having graphic sex with
a muscular gladiator man I love that
show Oh or was he referring to the
famous scene in the 1960 Kirk Douglas
movie in that scene
the Romans offer to spare the lives of
the rebellious slaves if they'll turn
over their leader Spartacus instead the
slaves start yelling I'm Spartacus
to protect their guy
I'm Spartacus I'm Spartacus I'm
Spartacus I'm Spartacus I'm Spartacus
the Romans then politely acknowledge the
nobility and courage of the upstart
gladiators by crucifying a lot of them
Booker compared himself to those brave
gladiators after he dared the Senate to
strip him of his office for revealing
classified emails that Supreme Court
nominee Brett Kavanaugh wrote on the
controversial subject of racial
profiling but it turned out the emails
had been cleared for release hours
before and Corey knew it
plus they revealed that Cavanaugh
opposed racial profiling so there was
nothing controversial about them so
let's assess Spartacus led a courageous
slave revolt and struck a great blow for
the principle of human freedom Cory
Booker made an empty and dishonest
gesture in a sleazy attempt to become
president which will either happen on
the 12th of never or when hell freezes
over whichever comes last
Spartacus inspired a terrific movie
starring Kirk Douglas plus a star's TV
show with absolutely amazing sex scenes
Cory Booker inspired those rude noises
you make when you squeeze your hand in
your armpit plus some hilarious Twitter
means and an occasional obscene gesture
behind his back Spartacus was a hero
Cory Booker is a buffoon other than that
they're indistinguishable trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Clavin show
so we need also sing see top see lower
the zipa teasing it's
Oh
but here's a protip kids never compare
yourself to Spartacus if you do you will
be incorrect okay once I was following I
was driving in Santa Barbara with my son
and a car pulled out in front of me and
I realized that Kirk Douglas was in the
car in front of me and we're driving my
son and I were going to this little
diner we like little you know
unpretentious kind of hole-in-the-wall
diner near Santa Barbara would overlook
the ocean was really nice and we kept
noticing the Kirk Douglas kept taking
the same turns that we were taking and
sure enough Kirk Douglas pulls into the
parking lot of the same little diner
we're going to and we pull up next to
him and Douglas gets out of his car and
we get out of our car and he walks into
the diner and I walk in right behind him
and you know Kirk is an old man now he's
suffered from strokes and things like
this he walks in and so help me the
entire diner Falls absolutely silent and
everybody gets to their feet everybody
stood up for Kirk Douglas and there was
dead silence and then one guy said
Spartacus
great movie thank you very much and sat
down to eat it was a great moment so
never ever compare yourself to Spartacus
we got Michael Knowles on tonight who's
the closest thing we have to Spartacus
now Michael was on today I should say on
he's gonna be talking about the NFL and
we are going to be talking about
Skillshare I finally finally got the
right keyboard I want to start learning
about music and so I've turned on gone
to Skillshare because they have lessons
you know courses in how to play piano
how to play blues how to improvise and
that's the kind of thing I'm looking for
skill sure is an online learning
platform with over 20,000 classes in
business design technology and more you
can take classes in just about anything
social media marketing illustration data
science mobile photography creative
writing you name it they've got it so
this is whether you're trying to deepen
your professional skill set or start
something on the side or just like what
I'm doing kind of pick up a hobby skill
share is there to keep you learning and
thriving you you can join the millions
of students already learning on
Skillshare today with a special offer
just for my listeners get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents that is
pretty good that's almost free that's
right Skillshare is offering my
listeners two months of unlimited access
so
for 20,000 classes for just 99 cents to
sign up go to Skillshare comm slash
Andrew again go to Skillshare comm /
Andrew to start your two months now
that's Skillshare dot-com / Andrew so
last week we interviewed Henry Olson is
one of the best observers of politics I
know people got angry at him and angry
at me because he said that we're going
to lose the house and then the way
things look he said things were very
fluid but we thought we'd lose the house
but keep the Senate talking about the
GOP and people were angry about it and I
felt like you know what do you wanted to
do come on Ally you know there is a but
there is a new poll out from Scott
Rasmussen which is really disturbing
he's he wrote this letters have skepta
Scott Rasmussen is releasing data based
upon the most likely voters rather than
all registered voters on the generic
congressional ballot that model shows
the Democrats with a 49% to 39 percent
advantage the reason being is the
Democrats are all telling pollsters we
are going to vote and the Republicans
are not Republicans are saying now maybe
maybe we'll vote we might vote on all
this on a race by race projections
currently show 210 House seats at least
tilting in the Republican direction and
2/5 tilting toward the Democrats with 20
seats in the toss-up category but if the
Democrats maintain a 10-point lead of
people who will show up right they are
likely to win the vast majority of
toss-up races the Rasmussen model
currently shows that with a decent
partisan turnout Democrats could end up
with 238 to 197 majority in the House if
that means that the battle for the
government the battle that's going to
take place is going to take place in
your shoes though people who put on the
shoes won't lose okay I don't want to
sound like Johnny Cochran but that's
about it if you are sitting there
getting angry at Henry Olsen but you
don't vote because you don't like the
Republican in your area and he's not
quite Trumpy enough or whatever it is
that's how you're gonna lose the
government because Trump no matter what
you think of the guy who's running Trump
needs those Republicans to keep his
agenda going and everything you're
hearing everything that's going on is
about that I mean if the news if the
news were just the news if the news were
actually the news the news would be oh
my goodness 200,000 more jobs wages
finally going up Hey look
Isis dead you know that would be the
news if we were reporting the news but
instead they're telling you oh it's
crazy town in the in the Oval Office and
people are just so unhappy because Trump
yells at them and he makes phone calls
in the middle of a night what do you
care why would you care about that are
you John Kelly no you know you don't
care but they just trying to get that
base excited the Democrat base excited
and to damp down your enthusiasm and so
they have brought on what they think is
the big gun they brought on Barack Obama
and the New York Times they had an op-ed
Barack Obama's back and I said good
because if there anybody can remind the
GOP voter why he should get out and vote
it is Barack Obama you know Ben Sasse
the senator said the other day that
eight wakes up every morning wondering
if he should still be a Republican and
David French over the National Review
said he no longer identifies as a
Republican the problem with all that is
that the world isn't taking place inside
your head it takes place in reality and
in reality there are two operational
parties there are Democrats and the
Republicans if you're not a Republican
you were voting for Democrats and the
Democrats are Barack Obama and worse
they're actually Barack Obama's now kind
of a centrist among Democrats so he
comes out and gives a speech now this is
breaking precedent for former presidents
they do not get so political that they
come out and attack the guy in the Oval
Office why because they know it's a hard
job they realize it's it's not good for
the country to have two presidents
fighting with each other but but that is
not reasoning with Barack Obama's ego
which had to be brought to the scene
separately in a tractor-trailer all
right they got Bhama came in first and
then his ego back there they backed up
and they 15 guys had to carry his ego
onto the stage he did he was in Anaheim
and they had a big you know thousand
seat arena and instead like about 700
people showed up compare that to Donald
Trump the 700 people were all dressed as
Mickey Mouse but that's I don't know
what that had how that happened but
that's the way down so let's listen for
a minute so remind ourselves of what
Barack Obama thinks about us this is
Obama talking about who we as the
opposition party are cut number six so
neither
Cartier's had a monopoly on wisdom
neither party has been exclusively
responsible for us going backwards
instead of forwards but I but I say this
because because sometimes we hear a
plague on both your houses
over the past few decades wasn't true
when Jim Edgar was a governor here in
Illinois or Jim Thompson was governor
got a lot of good Republican friends
here in Illinois but over the past few
decades the politics of division and
resentment and paranoia has
unfortunately found a home in the
Republican Party that's new folks
resentment paranoia and you can leave
out everything he said before you know
he's talking about decades he says for
the past few decades years tens of years
this has been going on it's not it's not
the the Democrats with their constant
cries of victimhood their constant cries
of racism their consequences that they
are being cheated out of things they
were the Supreme Court was stolen from
them not them it's you because you
wanted jobs instead of Barack Obama's
little programs that he was enforcing on
businesses that were keeping them site
he actually claimed he actually claimed
credit for the current recovery which is
hilarious he says remember when it
started I remember when it tried to
start I remember when the recovery tried
to start after the crash in 2008 but he
kept sitting on it with the regulations
and that voice so help me just
remembering that like that look we were
supposed to wait around through those
long pauses to find out what he's going
to say play some more of them but first
we have to just for a break we have to
talk about battle box which is so great
I mean battle box is a new sponsor they
are so great you know a lot of it's a
subscription box for men and when I say
this is for men you can't even let your
wife see what is in this things they're
in they said they sent me a survival kit
Knowles and I have been chasing each
other around with the combat knives they
send you in
and eventually I'm gonna catch him and
then there won't be a michael mol show
anymore so that'll that'll be thanks to
battle box most subscription boxes are
full of samples and junk you'll never
use but not battle box it's a monthly
subscription box with the best products
new gear innovative companies at a much
lower cost than if you were to buy them
individually plus who doesn't like to
get a package full of mystery adventure
gear I'm telling you this box is
incredible go to try battle box calm
slash Clavin and pick the box you want
they start at just $25 per month plus
they release a video for each new box so
you can see what's coming and how to use
it they've shipped over half a million
boxes and they won the best men's
subscription box 2017 right now our
listeners get a free tactical knife when
you sign up for your first battle box
you too can pretend to chase Knolls
around the studio at try battle box comm
slash Clavin don't actually try that ok
that's thrive battle bot dot-com slash
Clavin and by the way not only is there
no ian Clavin there's no e in battle box
it's be a TTL be oxv a TTL bo X go go to
try battle box calm / KL a VA and you've
got to listen to more of this Obama
because you just have to remember who he
is first first of all not only are you
full of resentment of paranoia but your
president is virtually a Nazi so play
cut number 8 we are Americans were
supposed to stand up to bullies
not follow them was we're supposed to
stand up to discrimination and we're
sure as heck supposed to stand up
clearly and unequivocally to Nazi
sympathizers
how hard can that be saying that Nazis
are bad well let me ask a question how
hard can it be saying that Islam
Islamists are bad remember this is the
man who couldn't get the words radical
Islam out of his mouth
Howard you don't see you don't see
Donald Trump hanging around with
terrorists and then whine about it and
saying old Bill Ayers he was just a guy
in the neighborhood you don't see Donald
Trump going to a church where they say
you know with a damn America every
Sunday and then saying yeah I didn't
actually realize that that was going on
I mean you know Lindsey Graham had a
really good comment about this about
what it wasn't what Obama said it was
what he left out this is cup number nine
President Obama's not what you're making
up it's what you're leaving out you're
leaving out the fact that you're
Attorney General Loretta Lynch told the
FBI director don't call the Clinton
email investigation and investigation
call it a matter
you're forgetting to tell the public
that the number four at the Department
of Justice mister ORS
mister or Bruce or wife worked for
fusion GPS which was on the payroll by
the Democratic Party to hire foreign
agent to go to get dirt on Canada Trump
in Russia you're leaving out the fact
that mr. mchabe the number two got the
FBI is under grand jury investigation
for lying you're leaving out the fact
that the director of the FBI under your
watch mr. Comey actually leaked internal
memos for the express purpose of getting
a special counsel appointed you're not
talking much about the page struck memos
where they openly hated Trump in the
tank for Clinton
other than those few details President
Obama you got it right yeah and he
didn't even get it right because he also
had this this was the most galling thing
about it I just have to just have to
play this stuff to remind you why you
should put on your shoes because if you
don't put on your shoes you lose I mean
this is the thing that they are counting
on they are counting all of this stuff
is about making the the Democrats so
upset all this stuff about oh his
management style and it's gonna he's
gonna blow up North Korea because he's
so out of control and all this stuff all
of it all of it is about getting the
base ginned up while you stay home
because you think things are fine
because lucky look around you
I got a job things are good I don't
really have to go out and vote all of it
can go away most presidents you know
accomplish everything they accomplished
in the first six months in office Trump
has really been on a roll in the things
he's done he's been very aggressive and
accomplished a lot of stuff but Congress
is always lagging behind and you want
them to start to legislate the kinds of
things we want going on so let one more
cut of Obama cuz I got to play this one
this was the one that was most galling
to me because of all the talk about how
evil Trump is with the press truck think
about it Trump has done not one thing to
hamper freedom of the press and here is
Obama talking about that it should be
democratic or Republican to say that we
don't threaten the freedom of the press
because they say things or published
stories we don't like
I complained plenty about Fox News but
you never heard me threaten to shut him
down or call them enemies of the people
he banned them from several press
conferences he tapped reporters phones
he named James Rosen Fox News wrote
reporter James Rosen his Justice
Department named him a criminal
co-conspirator under the Espionage Act
of 1970 17 1917 because Rosen used a
State Department contractor as a source
for a story he was also labeled a flight
risk okay any and Maggie Haberman the
Clinton Hawk the woman who was
identified in a hacked Clinton emails as
a friend to the campaign and is now
covering the White House for The New
York Times because that's that's how
straightforward and honest they are
Maggie Haberman is tweeting well yes
Obama did some of those things but he
never called us mmm ease of the people
he never you know it's like sticks and
stones lady you know really this is
insane so anyway they brought him back
so just remember remember he's out there
and and meanwhile again talking to my
pal David French over at National Review
talking to Ben Sasse remember there's
only two parties and the other party no
longer stands for the Constitution you
know they were out there unbelievable
the stuff they had during this Kavanagh
hearing they brought in the children
from that parkland the shooting they
brought them while your children sitting
there they were sitting there
complaining that Oh evil you know Brett
Kavanaugh was not going to overturn the
Second Amendment you know they were
because they want legislation from the
bench so I just have to play this one
cut of David hog David Michael Moore was
holding a rally for his I guess for his
new film was that was as for his in
Canada okay
and David hog same guy survivor from the
shooting gets up to make this speech
wonder this is a wonderful species just
remember throughout this he's in Canada
okay I have a question for you guys
who's ready to save America
who's ready to make America the country
that we say is on paper and make it the
actual country that it wants to be I
think it's the the most important thing
to realize however it's the problems
that we face as a country whether it be
water in Flint Michigan or the amount of
mass incarceration of people in color of
color that can't boat in Florida the
amount of eligible African Americans
that would otherwise be eligible to vote
that can't because of a previous
conviction is 21 percent in Kentucky
it's 26 percent in Mississippi and
Alabama it's 15 to 16 percent these are
people of color that have been
historically discriminated against and
still are to this day and have their
voting rights taken away it's exactly
turn that shame into your vote is going
to invade so you know I always felt
Trump should build another wall on our
northern border to keep those people out
it's unbelievable
yeah I only play that to make fun of him
but I only play it actually to make fun
of the Democrats for bringing kids to
this Cavanagh hearing to talk about the
Supreme Court and and let's listen to
Kamala Harris who's doing a better job
than Cory Booker of running for
president during this hearing that's
what they're both doing Kamala Harris
and and Cory Booker are running both
running for president in these hearings
but Kamala Harris is doing a better job
of it she actually looks a little bit
more state-space men like and a little
bit more intelligent than cory booker
which isn't hard because cory booker
just what's not built for this I mean
like really really when you come in to
the Senate they hand you a little
booklet and rule number four on the
booklet is never compare yourself to
Spartacus okay that's the thing so he
didn't even read the little booklet but
Kamala Harris starts to challenge Brett
Kavanaugh on the concept of unenumerated
rights
okay rights that are not in the
Constitution and what the Supreme Court
has said they are and when she listen to
the way she refer
to the Constitution it's all worn and
tattered that Cavanagh carries around in
his pocket he carries it around because
he reads at all the thighs clearly worn
to the you know to the edges listen to
what Kemal O'Hara says so unenumerated
rights is a phrase that lawyers use but
I want to make clear what we're talking
about it means rights that are protected
by the Constitution even if they're not
specifically mentioned in the
Constitution so they're not in that book
that you carry so what we're talking
about is the right to vote
that's an unenumerated right the right
to have children the right to control
the upbringing of your children the
right to refuse medical care the right
to love the partner of your choice the
right to marry and the right to have an
abortion now putting those unenumerated
rights in the context of the statement
you made which was to praise the
stemming of the general tide of
freewheeling
creation of unenumerated rights which
means you were the interpretation
there's you were praising the the quest
to end those unenumerated rights my
question to you is which of the Rights
that I just mentioned do you want to put
an end to or rollback three points I
believe senator first the Constitution
it is in the book that I carry the
Constitution protects unenumerated
rights now book that I little bit
reminds me of Piers Morgan talking a
bend you know like that your little book
your little I'd throw your little book
in your face the law there's a senator
talking about the law of the land that
little book you carry that is the
Democrats and by the way the thing about
unenumerated rights I believe there are
unenumerated rights in guaranteed by the
Constitution but what the Constitution
does is it enumerates powers it
enumerates powers that the federal
government has and what is not
enumerated in the Constitution that the
federal government cannot do this is why
many of the founders said we don't want
to
First Amendment protecting free speech
because the Constitution gives no power
to the federal government to regulate
speech and therefore to say that we're
you can't make a law against free speech
is to double talk it is to say basically
that you do have this power unless we
take it away from you but the idea of
the Constitution was supposed to
enumerate powers so my objection to for
instance the unenumerated right to marry
who you want is with the constant the
federal government has no right to make
any laws about marriage it hasn't got
the right to take your marriage away it
hasn't got the right to make marriages I
mean if the state can say it wants the
marriages to be what it was as I read
last week in Scalia's dissent that the
state can make laws when when the
Supreme Court is giving you pretending
to give you rights it is always actually
taking away your right to govern
yourself you know in the New York Times
today on knucklehead Roe and we're not
gonna play the song because we're
running out of time and I want to get to
know us but there is a piece a
knucklehead Roe from a guy named
Jedediah Purdy a professor at law of Law
at Duke and he says how can progressives
take back the Constitution so I read
that with interest I thought yes and
progressive take back the Constitution
since everything they want is
unconstitutional so he has a list of the
way you take back the Constitution so
the centerpiece he says should be
h-how'd of progressives take back the
Constitution should be a
constitutionalism of strong democracy
fighting against the vote suppression
efforts of a republican party and
letting former felons incarcerated
people vote so he wants former felons to
vote even though that has nothing to do
with the Constitution but he wants that
that's going to be their constitutional
the way the progressives reclaimed the
Constitution second he says progressive
candidates and activists are pressing
for a new conception of economic
citizenship third constitutionalism of
just criminal justice activists are
raising a new generation of questions
about policing and the prison system who
gets stopped the system of money bail
that keeps arrestees locked up simply
because they cannot raise the cash to
get out every political movement has its
constitutional visions from Great
Society liberalism to Reaganite economic
libertarianism and cultural conservatism
the work now is to fuck to define a
jurisprudence of economic citizenship
strong democracy and inclusive justice
that will help
Sergent left reclaim the Constitution
but the problem is none of that is in
the Constitution none of it is in the
constant so he wants to reclaim
constitutionalism by using the word by
using the word that little book that you
carry that little book that you carry
can say anything we want you know it's a
living document they cut that little
book that you carry it's a living
document so yes since it's living let it
run away and stop bothering people while
we make the laws that we want to make
there are only two parties folks only
two parties and if the party is out of
power gets back into power it's going to
be Barack Obama times 10 the
investigations the giveaways the
blocking of Trump's agenda if that's
what you want then keep your shoes off
keep your shoes off because if you don't
put on your shoes you lose and that's
really what they're doing they're just
trying to make the gin up the base you
know the New York Times is simply the
Democrats spokesperson that's all they
are Democrat bullhorn and then me and
the rest and the network's as well
they're Democrat bull horn horns meant
to gin up the base while you get
complacent and stay home hey tomorrow we
are going to be up in Santa Barbara Rob
and I doing our show from the not from
the Reagan ranch but from the Reagan's
center right on State Street so come on
over and if you're up in Santa Barbara
come on over you can watch the show I
will also be making some remarks at the
9/11 memorial up there they always have
a very beautiful memorial where they put
a flag in the in the beach in the sand
for each of the people who were murdered
on 9/11 and so I'll be making remarks
there as well so come on up if you're in
Santa Barbara come and visit all right
we got Michael Knowles coming up but we
have to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube they are simply not big enough
to maintain to contain the magnificence
of Michael Knowles so you have to come
on over to the daily wire.com where you
can listen to the rest of the show but
while you're there subscribe its allows
you ten bucks a month
Laozi hundred bucks for the year and
then you can watch the whole show
streaming right there
hey dolls how you doing
so I just got literally just before I
went on I got a letter from my publisher
who was bringing out the novel of what
was our first season of another Kingdom
and they wanted some promotional
pictures so I sent them some promotional
pictures of myself and the lady
publicist wrote back and said oh if I
could only get some pictures of Michael
Knowles stop it you know there are dark
corners of the internet where she can
find as Hugh pictures as are hard to
Liza well it has been a lot of fun we've
been going we did two episodes last week
of the new season yes yes we yeah I got
to tell you they're the real trouble I
think you probably remember this when we
were doing the second episode last week
is I was on a roll you know we were
shooting for a while and then I totally
flubbed it because I was getting too
into the story that I forgot to perform
so it's it's so good I mean it's really
well it is this like just train this
constant momentum and the story is just
terrific I thought the first season was
good this season is better well thank
you and you're doing a great job I have
to tell you we had I don't know if you
were there when we had the dragon
argument the other night in the room I
kept flitting in and out of this dragon
so we have Jay the producer is and I
have been having this argument because
there is a monster in the story who I
keep referring to where the narrator
keeps referring to as a dragon and he
keeps saying well a dragon has to be a
serpent and I keep saying a dragon as a
monster usually represented as a serpent
so he got into the argument I made the
mistake of having this argument in front
of my son Spencer who speaks a million
languages and he said dragon is in fact
Greek for serpent so now I felt like an
idiot so I go back to the manuscript to
see how he first describes it and he
describes it as a dragon like monster
and then as shorthand says dragon so now
I've emphasized that a little bit for
Jay you may have to reread the line I'm
gonna have you committed one of the
classic blunders
one is never fight a land war in Asia
the others never go against a Sicilian
when death is on
and then the third is never quibble over
the meaning of a word with your son it's
true knows the meaning of every single
word that irritating little person I
don't know how we ever let that get out
of that all right but what is it
speaking of irritating yeah let us talk
about my former favorite sport the
National Football League
speaking of classic blunders dramatic
blunders they still do it they're still
at it but they're still kneeling and
making a fuck is that
fair to say that it is fair to say so in
May you'll recall yeah the NFL announced
no more kneeling there's no against the
rules to kneel you don't have to come
out for the flag but you have to you
can't kneel if you do come out on the
field and this was after Donald Trump
was just raking in public approval for
pointing out that it's very wrong to
protest the American flag especially
during sports so okay that was May
fast forward to July and the NFL says
yeah we're not going to enforce the rule
yeah well it's the rule but we're not
we're a little nervous and blah blah
blah blah so this past weekend I know
I'm sorry to say that people kneeled but
I'm pleased to say that it was just two
people who kneel there wasn't only two
people it was only two me feel a little
better
you know there were 13 games 26 teams
two people kneeled I was on the Miami
Dolphins receivers Kenny Stills and
Albert Wilson kneeled during the
star-spangled banner and the defensive
end Robert Quinn raised a fist but what
it that's fine who cares you know I used
that it fist emoji all that so that's
okay but the real disrespecting of the
flag that was that was the real problem
and so the NFL has gotten clobbered
because of this their ratings have
tanked you know their ratings were down
when all this started in 2016 their
ratings fell 8% then last year it was
10% this year analysts expect the
numbers to fall even more because the
NFL cannot get this under control and
the damage has already been done so what
does Nike do what does one of the
biggest sports brands in the world do
decides to emulate the exact campaign
that has destroyed the NFL did you saw
the Colin Kaepernick I saw the I saw the
poster of it but they did a video that
now to which I haven't seen they did a
video on four-eyed fortune I wasn't able
to pull it oh they they the video is
fine they only showed the most egregious
last four
just Kaepernick's face you know what it
says believe in something even if it
means sacrificing everything or if it
means ditching a failing career and
making millions dollars from Nike and
what does he believe him exactly it
believes the country believes in Fidel
Castro he believes in Malcolm X whom he
wears on his t-shirts so there are a lot
of people now trying to come out and say
that this was a great move for Nike you
know the minute Nike did it they lost I
think four billion dollars in market cap
say the stock was down over three and a
half percent just about the stock has
rebounded a bit since then but there was
a morning consult poll that came out
right after this happened net
favorability for Nike before the
Kapernick ad was plus 69 net
favorability afterward fell 34 points
Republican favorability obviously you
know dropped 70 points it dropped across
the political spectrum though and then
the key is in these key demographics so
what Nike thought was that okay we're
gonna lose you know old white guys but
we're really gonna win among left-wing
eighteen-year-old black athletes in
certain cities or whatever that that's
what they were doubling down on they had
no boost in their key demographics they
actually declined slightly according to
morning consult so those key
demographics include black customers
younger generations
current Nike users and others it
actually they had a little bit of a
decline the the campaign hasn't seem to
have much effect on the NFL yet but that
you know how can the NFL fall any
further I you know I have to I have to
tell you last night last night I usually
tape a game Sunday and watch it at night
and last night I started I turned it on
and I just couldn't watch because I had
heard that they were no longer enforcing
the rule and you know when they when
they said when they made the rule I
thought okay fair enough I'll watch the
show people who don't want to salute the
flag don't come out but first of all it
may it makes me so annoyed that a sport
which is supposed to bring the whole
country together sport has always been a
way of bringing a country together that
a sport is being used to disrespect the
flag that's the first thing but the
second thing is when you win Trump
protested against that when he said we
should all respect the flag they
immediately played the race card
essentially saying no black people don't
have to respect that
the flag and my feeling about this is
you know black people were mistreated in
this country nobody denies it the shame
that we have endured the guilt the
self-searching it has all been done
these the racism has been expunged from
the principles of our institutions
that's not saying that there are no
racist running around that's absurd but
it has been expelled and expunged from
our institutions and now they're saying
oh and yeah take your flag and stick it
and my feeling is hate dude you know
you're welcome you're welcome to come in
we want you in we get it big mistake I
wasn't there it wasn't on my watch
but it happened I get it come on in and
they say no and my feeling about that is
I can't imagine that's a good thing so
the thing here is that white activists
so the white rich people who run the NFL
are allowing this to happen for a few
sore heads but at least at least what
from what you're saying it seems to me
that actual black human beings are
thinking and no no I'm not going for
this that's right it more is an entire
race of people because of some communist
Punk you know what was on a Nike ad yeah
and then and there are white Communist
punks and that's fine but I but it's
they it's the it's the white people who
are putting this all on black people
that's right half of Colin Kaepernick
exactly of course I mean it's the same
thing you're I saw you play that David
hog clip yeah when they say we need to
not lock up as many criminals because
that's unfair to black people you say
you're calling black people criminals
I'm not doing you're the one i knows
conflating those two things it's it's
really really offensive and it's being
cheered on by white liberals but if
these numbers are true from warning
consults then it shows us what that
really means for the country more
broadly and for black customers more
broadly the one thing we're hearing from
the left now is they're saying well
Nikes online sales shot up over Labor
Day again
yeah this is evidence that the campaign
worked first of all Nikes sales always
shoot up over Labor Day weekend they I
think last year they were up 17 percent
over that weekend this year they're up
something like thirty percent so I do
see that statistic but it is worth
pointing out the two things can
simultaneously be true the ad campaign
can be hurting Nike and their sales
could have gone up one explanation for
that is that this
year year over a year from last Labor
Day the economy is up 17% right now we
are at record low unemployment record
high economic growth so I'm not
surprised that Nike is selling more
running shoes the question is what is
the effect on their brand perception and
according to a very reliable source
morning consult it looks like they have
been killed across the board so in other
words they are benefiting from the Trump
economy while Trump hammers them for lie
that's just unfair you know is there in
terms of football losing some of his
credibility is every time they talk to
the football people about this they say
well they're made that may be one aspect
of it this flag you know foofaraw
but you know there's so many other
things that we have to deal with to me
it seems like that's the only thing this
was before Colin Kaepernick who as you
remember as you you remember he replaced
Alex Smith I think it was on the San
Francisco 49ers I threw him in there
when Smith got hurt and Smith went on to
lead the Kansas City the Kansas City
team to several playoff appearances
right so well well Colin Kaepernick
thank them because all these guys who
pass and run the minute they can't Pat
run anymore because they can't afford to
hurt him they lose their game so he was
tossed out but it seems to me that they
that the NFL was the biggest business in
America until this and that all of this
is is there any evidence that there's
anything else affecting their their
viewership not one little bit you know
they may keep trying to blame it on all
of these external factors just like they
blame Kaepernick you know losing his
football job on external factors other
than he was a failing player who then
had to create an off-ramp for himself
which he's done very lucrative Lee yeah
the numbers that we're seeing 8% down
10% down possibly more down this year
they exactly coincide with the taken
knee campaign now they people can blame
it on streaming services on the internet
on this that or the other thing all of
those existed long before 2016 long
before taking knee but the plunge
accelerated when when taken II started
to happen they always are distracting on
this even about the flag protest they
say well they're not really kneeling for
the flag they're not protesting the flag
they're protesting the anthem say well
the anthem is called the star-spangled
banner
they say oh they're protesting police
brutality well they're there not where I
mean they're protesting the flag and
Colin Kapernick says as much he says I
will not stand for a flag of a country
that oppresses black people that's what
he said those words yeah yeah and I
think they're always caught trying to
distract it is very clear Colin
Kaepernick is protesting the flag which
is the symbol of the country it has
totally destroyed the NFL it's hurting
Nike not oh man its stock price but in
key demographics and everything else
we're hearing is noise and distractions
and saying look over here look over here
look over here don't look at what is
really happening but we can see a clear
as day
wow they good job Michael Michael
Knowles of the Michael Nall show and
apparently the dreamboat aunjanue of
another Kingdom season two who knew yeah
send her my number baby all right our
crappy culture so continuing on this
theme a little bit Serena Williams
playing the US Open she lost on Iommi
Osaka of Japan and I only have Shaka
very dignified kind of almost self
effacing
a character goes up against Serena
Williams who has been a dominant factor
in the sport for a long time and during
the game her coach Serena Williams coach
was caught cheating he was sending her
hand signals coaching from the stands
which is against the rules
and when they called him out on this and
they docked Serena for it she broke her
racket which is also against the rules
and she lost her temper and went nuts
and ultimately lost them she was dr.
another point I believe and then lost
the game here is Serena Williams losing
it for the umpire on the court
after cheating in my life I have a
daughter in established right everything
now by the way her coach admitted that
he was doing it I mean it's caught on
camera you could see client clear as day
coach admitted he was doing it they said
everybody does it now if you have a
mother you know that that excuse does
not wash right everybody's doing it
never washes not with mom not what they
could I'm tired nobody now here's what
bothers me about this Serena Williams is
a lousy sport she is a great athlete
nobody would ever deny what a great
athlete is but she has been a lousy
sport all her life and that is even
cutting her some slack
cutting her some slack in the fact that
champions are typically not the best
losers in the world but she has been a
John McEnroe bad loser from the start
and John McEnroe level and that means
she is a great athlete but a lousy role
model okay and then she comes out and
she pulls the political card you know
it's like the feminist card which is
ridiculous the the race card everything
she comes out and gives this press
conference I've seen other men call
other umpires several things and I'm
here fighting for women's rights and for
women's equality and for all kinds of
stuff and for me to say theif and for
him to take a game it made me feel like
it was a sexist remark I mean like how
he's never took a game from a man
because I said feat for me it blows my
mind but I'm gonna continue to to fight
for women and to fight for us to have
equal eye coordination should be able to
take her shirt off without getting a
fine like this is outrageous you know
and I just feel like the fact that I
have to go through this it's just an
example for the next person that has
emotions and that want to express
themselves and they want to be a strong
woman and they're gonna be allowed to do
that because of today maybe it didn't
work out for me but it's gonna work out
for the next person
what a pile of garbage I mean the fact
that they applauded for this that you
know I swear I swear that white
journalists left-wing journals they
treat black people like children like
they have to be like they have to be
coddled and they have to be given extra
you know no man tennis has always been a
gentleman's game men get fined for this
stuff all the time they get docked
points for it all the time they get
thrown out
I mean McEnroe was always getting you
know punished for this stuff that's not
she was a poor sport
Roger Kimble writes a piece in The
Spectator comparing her to Hillary
Clinton and there is something to be
said for the fact that the left just
cannot lose and and make something
positive out of it you know they they
saluted John McCain for the way he lose
he taught us how to lose they said I'm
not seeing that I'm not seeing any
losing with any kind of dignity you know
I just find it appalling that she should
not be held to the standard of an
athlete who is a role model for children
nobody should ever talk to an umpire
like that that is absurd that is absurd
and I it's it's not appalling to me that
a champion is passionate it's that a
champion breaks the rules that a
champion does all those but she should
be treated like everybody else and when
she does it certainly the press should
react and say no that's not the way
people act in a gentleman and lady's
game it really is bad and really it's
the same thing they do with black
athletes when they kneel it's like you
know welcome to the country now behave
like everybody else you know because
it's just absurd
all right standards tomorrow we are up
in Santa Barbara so he'll be a little
late I think it'll be in oh it is oh
okay are there this shows what I know
but if you're up there come and visit if
you're not come and listen I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin trip
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike core Mina hair and makeup is by
Jesuit vera and our animations are by
Cynthia Angulo and Jacob Jackson the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
