I never watch these shows on their
welcome so I just binge them all yeah
when I got to the end of lost
I was violent like I was a violently
hater do you ever some shows are meant
to be benched so the good place is a
really good show but only if you can
watch like a whole season really I feel
like when you watch individual ones it
doesn't play out the same so it's
interesting
no my calendar timing has changed in
that way oh and we're we're talking
about binge watching shows season two of
Ozark is out and I can't wait to watch
it this weekend I just destroyed 30 rock
I've never seen it so I just destroyed
it like two months what a show a great
show I just have a Jason Bateman crush
so that's all that pops up on my Netflix
recommended thing
really we got started on this because we
were watching the trailer for noir
McDonald's new show which was very
excited about
I am like everyone says they're the
world's biggest nor McDonald fan but I
am and it I am so excited for this I've
been waiting for this show it's the only
show I'm looking forward to it looks so
good
and I'm amazed he hasn't lost to show
you the guy is too funny and honest so I
assume he'll never work in Hollywood
ever again but it looks terrific so it
looks like a really interesting guest
lineup - yeah it does fascinating guest
lineup so what's also fascinating it's
delicious fast food and you guys give us
some great responses what I really love
about this - it's like people send us a
lot of places from all around the
country that I'd never heard of because
we ask people what your favorite
fast-food joint was before the long
weekend in Labor Day hope everyone had a
good one I hope that you've been
laboring hard all week you're not a
member of a union but that's another
conversation for another day lots of
people said chick-fil-a is the best
chicken sandwich as for Burgers wins
Wendy's gets first place so in and out
was a close second so I came from John Z
1969 on YouTube unpopular but brave
opinion and acts absolutely correct via
Facebook Charles Cox says blazer burger
it's apparently a local joint in
Gardiner Kansas we should go to Kansas
or like a bench Piro live tour or
something and maybe check out a little
vacation and barber why not
pork chop periwinkle on YouTube said
grilled chicken sammich I don't know is
that is that an actual place or just
what you like to eat on the road a great
question Nathan
dude I'm gonna say sets Culver's have
you been to Colbert's no there's some
here in Southern California
is it a Midwest thing though Austin yeah
it's a Midwest thing dan will woliver I
got a disagree with you you say five
guys I don't get this I don't get this
is good I'm into it it's just greasy and
disgusting Oh somebody gave me a good
idea
double-double add in and out with banana
peppers and grilled onions so I just
tried the grilled the chopped chilies
Matt in marketing told me about that
thank you oh I just accidentally did the
sorry oh my gosh oh my gosh I didn't
realize you were such a vicious racist I
think that I think no because it's white
power that's not good either that one's
bad too
my cousins that live in Hawaii and do
the 808 with their fingers I'm not gonna
do the gang sign because we're in 1708
it's why okay
raising cane is another place that's I
guess a different part of the country
and then lots of people also stay in and
out
somebody said Wahlburgers look at the TV
show you know how Marky Mark's brothers
have a burger joint know this must be a
encounter is a listener and a fan in
Boston ooh
in that fun anyway so somebody says that
because he's a good Texan Jason stag
down in Texas says whatever Whataburger
gotta love it I don't think I've ever
had a whatever oh it's delicious amazing
it's amazing
but I gotta say y'all brahms proms it's
good burger
good ice cream we talked about the
greatest music of the last 400 years
yeah yeah yes yes Ben Shapiro incarnate
so those are our responses for last week
this week we got a lot to talk about
number one
did you see the Elon Musk enjoy rubbing
it like midnight last night apparently
so I didn't see it happen I just saw the
internet explode over it the internet
was Elon Musk was trending he was the
top trend apparently he just is a robot
is that the is that what people are
concluding from this he's a transformer
he is like this future alien person
really excited about electric energy and
he has a better design for an airplane
than once it already
yeah and then he smoked a blunt but it
was so I don't know any marijuana lingo
because I was hashtag home school jazz
cigarettes is what we call them just
tell me sniffs is that what it is it's
like it's tobacco and pot that's a
spliff my dear lift I'm from New York so
you know what there yeah that's true and
split you into college days you're
smoking slips you know a spliff is when
you put the tobacco in and also a little
bit of that Haitian oregano and you roll
it up together and and so it's kind of
it's really appropriating to call it a
tional Peruvian parsley the Colombian
cumin you know what I'm talking about
baby things and working at the Daily
wire has totally destroyed me it's not
good I know way more about pot than I
ever want to know but that's what Joe
Rogan was smoking and it was huge it
looked like Elon Musk is me in that
moment he's like is that a cigar I was
like that's a weird-looking homemade
cigar but it was a it was a spliff okay
and Elon Musk took a drag oh yeah
like a big fat face hit I don't know I
don't know you know I always I was
always frustrated at my friends who
would smoke blunts and spliffs because I
would give them nice cigars like I would
I smoke cigar since I was 15 so I'd give
them a nice cigar and then they would
immediately ruin the cigar and pack it
full of pot what are you doing that's
like a valuable thing what are you so
these are moments that would enviro on
the internet last night leading into
today other things that have gotten lots
of attention of course is the Colin
Kaepernick ad for shakes subways so it
aired last night it got a whole lot of
hubbub because the online version was
released a few days ago but it actually
aired during an NFL game last night who
won that game by the way I don't even
know play the hell's Yankees why is
football on Thursday night I just don't
get it so the ad aired it's actually
good ad so most of the ad is him voicing
over talking about real athletes
actually showing good and talented
athlete not backbenchers haven't
two years spiring it's interesting it's
good it's well shot it's well produced
as well edited all of these things that
that would kind of draw your eye in and
interest you but then it ends with Colin
Kaepernick saying the whole line that
the meme had or the original ad had of
you know do something even if it means
sacrificing everything yeah do believe
in something even if it means getting
rid of your failing athletic career and
making millions and millions of dollars
as a political activist yeah a little
wordy yeah okay yeah we need the copy
editors the madmen so I have mixed
feelings on this there was actually a
really powerful and emotional thread
from a wife of a slain police officer
that was like listen Nike here's a
picture of this hack and she tells the
story about how that's the Nike hat that
was her husband's that she wore running
every single day for 12 years like since
he was killed in the line of duty and
she's like I can't bear to get rid of
this hat because of what it means to me
but I don't think I'll buy another
product again because Kaepernick of
course has a history of being anti cop
wearing the defense Fidel Castro is not
a great guy mathematical so and then I
also think that the idiots whose mommies
and daddies bought them fancy Nikes for
like 150 bucks a pair that are burning
them while wearing them are idiots
- well certainly while wearing them it's
like a Nike is free to make their own
decision their stock price has dropped
significantly people have tried to cover
this up is they said all adidas dropped
or Palma dropped or whatever that isn't
true that the same day drop for Nike was
in an in a flat American economy was
down over three percent and like Puma
and other companies in Europe while the
broader economy was diminishing a little
bit we're only down about half a percent
so it I mean there was a market market
moving drop for Nike because of Collin
we have to remember Nike is an
international company so of course they
need the American market they use a lot
of the are American celebrities and
sports stars because those appeal to
people in other and you know countries
in the world but they also have brands
and people that they're doing contracts
with in other nations as well that maybe
don't get the Colin Kaepernick thing
don't really care which is why it seems
kind of risky to choose someone like him
that maybe a kid in China doesn't even
know
Eliott it's really awful because they
they think this is a good long-term game
they think that they're gonna take a
little hit and then it's going to be
great for them what we've learned from
every company that embraces leftism as
their marketing strategy is get woke go
broke it hurts all of them
it hurt Facebook dramatically it hurt
Twitter dramatically it probably I think
it hurt target for a little bit when
they did their bathroom thing it just
keeps getting these guys and and
obviously we've seen that with Nike now
did you see like the the Eagles game
boys two men singing the national anthem
I didn't but I have some friends that
were like reliving their tween hearts
and like yeah instead they were so good
it was great and it really it was what
was good is that they didn't botch the
anthem they sang it very beautifully and
it just reminds you that the national
anthem is it is a symbol of the country
it is the star-spangled banner which is
the flag which represents the country
and that's a beautiful thing you should
love your country if you're in this
country you don't love it there's
something seriously wrong with you and
you should consider your ideology or you
should get out you should leave but
should you boycott Nike yeah
okay this is our poll question so check
out Instagram Facebook Twitter all that
stuff that's gonna be our question right
now is do you we believe are you never
gonna buy Nikes again yes or no real
easy you know Nike doesn't make boat
shoes or penny loafers so I haven't been
buying Nike anyway but if they did I
would certainly stop on and as I put on
my Instagram the other way they like
don't at me I wear ultra boost so they
go with everything thank god street wear
is in which next week live to talk about
fashion week but moving along so there's
this woman in New Jersey that went to a
local Trader Joe's I mean who doesn't go
Trader Joe's the best snacks ever and
she saw and recognized a former actor
from The Cosby well it's still a working
actor he was still he still had TV jobs
so Jeffery Owens was working at this
Trader Joe's in New Jersey this woman
took these pictures I think she tweeted
them out it went viral media outlets
started covering it and there was this
huge hub of about was that the right
thing to do she says she now regrets it
by the way
and then everybody was like well where
is he and what is he doing and what's
happening so give us the update about
this I have a real sense of compassion
for this because I've frequently been an
out-of-work actor and so that's what
with Jeffrey Owens he was a major role
on The Cosby Show later seasons but that
was 26 years ago you know gigs come
around every so often you got to
remember actors most of the time are not
working they're usually looking for work
or auditioning or working some other
jobs so even when you get a great run
that doesn't last forever so he's been
working he's done a lot of Shakespeare
he's done a lot of plays he's done other
TV roles and actors need other jobs you
just need other jobs to make the money
he needed a flexible job I think he's a
graduate of Yale I think he went on TV
to talk about this and he had his Yale
hat and his Trader Joe's nametag and it
was this beautiful moment because like
he actually is embodying a good vision
of the American dream which is don't
give up on your skills and your art and
your craft and your dreams and things
that you're good at but aren't maybe in
the highest leadership role right now
keep pursuing that and work I know a lot
of actors who don't work
I know actors who graduated from Yale
who refer to the welfare programs and
food stamps as an unemployment insurance
as the federal arts subsidy they take
they put their hand out they're on the
dole Jeffrey Ellis wasn't on the dole he
was working a flexible job and then
he'll work an acting job when he gets it
I mean it was it is beautiful his
response to this was beautiful he's it
really really an admirable guy I say
good for him and also good for all of
the people I think there's people that
are maybe aware now and somebody were
like well should he take every job
that's offered to him because it just
seems like a handout this yeah as an
actor as an occasional actor to and one
of those roles is a recurring role I
guess on Tyler Perry's TV show you're da
house 7 if so my mom would be buying on
to see that because my mom and Benton
have a fight about whether or not Tyler
Perry films are good terrific it's
hilarious they're great and often
discussed over the dinner table but it's
the haves and have-nots which is a TV
show that Tyler Perry does and he's
offered him a recurring role over there
good for him it's reminding me a lot of
the Ted Williams remember the homeless
guy with that booming voice yeah that
and when it went viral and then Kraft
ended up getting him a gig and now he
does voice over work uh it's the
American dream it still exists and it
can happen yeah though I gotta say the
sort of difference here is that well Ted
Williams was like bumming around on the
street just panhandling
doing god-knows-what jeffrey owns this
whole time his work has been working I
mean it it's the kind of the micro
vision which is that work has dignity
there's only one minimum wage which is
zero dollars an hour when you're not
working and all work has dignity Jeffrey
Owens made this point he said some jobs
pay more some jobs you wear nicer suits
all jobs have dignity if you're if
you're contributing to society you're
putting in productive work it has
exactly the same amount of dignity as
the CEO I'm gonna show my niece and my
five year old daughter this video this
weekend because we just started watching
Dirty Jobs with them like all the
amazing old episodes they were griping
about having to clean the bathroom and I
was like you know what some people clean
toilets for a living yeah and I will
show you on TV and they actually really
like the show and it's a great life
lesson that sometimes every job doesn't
look the same sometimes you can write a
blank book that's true that's the
hardest work you know because you got to
put your heart and soul into it you know
all of your life's research but it can
pay off all right so last story of the
week who wrote the anonymous New York
Times op-ed we have theories you don't
to hear my theory yeah my theory is so
untrue but I'm just gonna throw it out
there like Alex Jones conspiracy love I
don't need the tin hat right Elaine Chao
Elaine Chao that's what Mitch
McConnell's wife yes that she's
transportation she transports all of
cocaine Mitch's product from how hashtag
cocaine Mitch would that be if Elaine
Chows like screw it
i'ma write this and when they find out
I'll be like go ahead fire me I don't
care and her husband's the majority
leader of the Senate as well yeah and
then he can be like full-on gangsta drug
dealer
in your face Trump it's pretty big you
know right you know I think it is well I
think it's someone we haven't heard of
because I don't there are three
possibilities for this right it's either
like a traitor to his country a guy
who's intentionally second really
traitorous yes it is traitorous to take
a job betray your employer try to
sabotage the administration if this guy
is a senior official the American people
didn't elect him to run the country they
elected President Trump to run the
country on his agenda which he is
fulfilled and they entrusted President
Trump and his team to hire all of the
people to do what they want to do so is
a really bad management on Trump's part
well it could be bad hiring or but look
I mean Christ hired Judas right you know
there
people people hire traders on item and
but yeah that's right you know you know
I mean there's a there's a lot you can't
blame the guy who hires him because you
got a bad egg
there are a lot of bad eggs who come
into administration there's a lot of bad
eggs who like hang on from the last
administration which is interesting to
me considering this is the guy that was
gonna drink the swamp no I mean this is
the trouble those you can't drain the
swamp overnight like that the if you
here's in can you turn this off no
really yeah because because there's a
decent because there is an establishment
right if you could drain the swamp then
that wouldn't be a campaign issue there
wouldn't be a swamp but there is
speaking of establishment back to the
Elaine Chao yeah you know I think it is
there so it could be it could be a
traitor it could be a troll
it could be Trump just doing this on his
own you know and because he look if
anyone would manipulate the New York
Times like this it would be Donald Trump
and he does have a history of
impersonating other people's right
calling media you know that a lot before
he ran for president or it could be a
total fiction because New York Times has
run fictions before but what I really
think it is is I think it's The Times
exaggerating I think they got someone
from some department some alphabet soup
Department which is the deep stay right
the bureaucracy that ever-growing
bureaucracy is what people mean by the
deep state and it's some nobody
and then Times has done this before they
did this on an anti fracking story they
said they talked to a senior official at
oil company yeah and it was an intern
they were talking to an intern so I
actually suspect it's that
so speaking of intern Emily Zanotti one
of our editors at Daily wire also
floated a theory on Twitter that she
thinks it's an intern too because she
says lots of people in DC go to happy
hours and pretend like their policy
people you know and have influence in
these things but they're really just
like unpaid interns and or it seems like
it's from somebody that has been in DC
that long because they're so hopeful
they can make change what right it's a
good point anyway but we want to know
who do you think the New York Times you
know anonymous trader is President Trump
actually talked about this last night in
Billings Montana and I want this to be
my new ringtone take a look an anonymous
really had an Amish
debtless by an anomalous really an
anomalous necklace love it I love it I
watched that last night while I was
putting the baby to sleep I was nursing
her to sleep in her room
my husband's on the other end of the
house in his office working yeah he
actually came into our bedroom was like
what's so funny cuz I had it on repeat I
was laughing so hard
surprise he didn't wake up the baby of
course yeah I want that can someone
please just make that a ringtone just
the oven them in this part and make it a
ringtone and whenever Michael Knowles
calls me that's what's gonna pop yep all
right so let us know who you think the
Amana Minister source is that traitorous
person that wrote the op-ed - New York
Times yeah see if Michael's right we'll
see if I'm right team Elaine Chao we'll
see what happens
come on see you next week thanks for
watching this week's Friday live
you
