I want to say a few things about this
Colin Kapernick situation as as you as
you know I'm sure Colin Kaepernick is
the new face of Nike and they're
believed in something even if it means
sacrificing everything campaigned very
inspiring very inspiring stuff way that
is the tagline right yeah believe in
something yeah that's the tagline the
the new commercial wasn't bailed
I believe it officially debuts today as
a matter of fact but there was a sneak
peek a sneak peek of the commercial came
out yesterday and it is so the
commercial is is Kaepernick narrating
over images of various athletes doing
doing legitimately courageous things
like there's one there's an athlete
who's overcame a brain tumor another who
became a wrestler even though he doesn't
have legs and then the camera cuts back
to Colin Kaepernick and Kaepernick is
actually smothering a bald eagle with a
burning American flag and so I was that
was a little bit provocative but not
surprised no actually
Kaepernick he just says a bunch of
generically inspiring cliches about
following your dreams and so forth and
then the lat the last line of the
commercial it was the last line of the
commercial is so don't ask if your
dreams are crazy
ask if they're crazy enough which is one
of those lines that I mean I guess it
sounds inspiring it doesn't mean
anything ask if your dreams are crazy
enough like that's that's supposed to be
your driving the the philosophy that
drives your life so I know that dreams
not crazy enough now I need crazier
dreams yeah is that what you would tell
your kids yeah your kid says to you you
know I won't want to be a doctor no it's
not crazy enough you need to come back
here with crazier dreams okay I want
really crazy Jim okay I want to fly to
Mars there you go
that should be your goal flying tomorrow
now that's a crazy dream go chase it
anyway it's all pretty pretty innocuous
the commercial is innocuous
