story from the Washington Examiner by
Paul Bedard Trump breaks 20-year
fouled-up budget gridlock scores big
wins president Trump's Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker
Paul Ryan have teamed up this summer to
do something that hasn't happened in two
decades right and past departments
spending bills instead of lumping
everything together into a massive
omnibus package the House and Senate are
moving at a brisk pace to pass the
appropriations bills with the Senate
leading approving nine of 12
what's more the Trump administration has
pushed through key priorities on wall
and Pentagon spending as well as curbing
wasteful programs now the bad news here
is the the budget has gone up the budget
is going up I'd like to see it go down
that won't happen until they start to
tackle entitlements which I hope they
will but but this is important
these omnibus bills are a legislative
atrocity I mean there just are a
terrible thing because nobody can
negotiate over what you want here and
where things go and nobody takes
responsibility for anything we're
talking about the legislature take
legislature taking responsibility Trump
is doing this and Mitch McConnell and
other leaders in the Senate and Congress
are saying the Trump is the reason this
is happening because he said I will not
sign another omnibus bill okay
so I just put that forward to you as
they're selling you the chaos as they're
selling you the evil as they're selling
you this absolute garbage of this
Russian collusion story the Trump is
doing a good job Trump is an obstructive
person he is not the typical president
we didn't try to elect the typical
president he can he can do things when I
when he does things that I think are
wrong or stupid and he says things that
are stupid I say so you know people yell
at me for that all the time I get flak
from that from you guys all the time
about that but I always say so but he's
doing a good job and we hired him to do
a good job he's not your daddy he's not
your lover
he's not your soul mate and he's not
your role model he's the President of
the United States and he's doing a good
job America is in the grip of an on
crisis okay it isn't a grip of the
non-crisis don't let them affect the way
you look at the world
