I'm not gonna get into the whole
argument from consciousness thing it's I
think it's you know I familiar enough to
most people who've who've thought about
these matters in essence you know if God
does not exist then only physical matter
and physical processes exist only the
physical world exists but if that's the
case how could matter by chance without
design without intention assemble itself
in such a way as to create consciousness
how do you get love from dust even even
with you start with dust even if you add
billions and billions of years on top of
it how does it ever become love what
about what about anger happiness empathy
and so on how does a material thing
derived from material and nothing more
develop abstract ideas no other animal
can do this nothing else on earth can
have abstract ideas dolphins are very
intelligent aquatic animals but even the
most intelligent dolphin cannot think
about the idea of say freedom much less
can a dolphin desire freedom you know
much less can the dolphin look at itself
and say I'm a dolphin I am me but I wish
I were more than me
you know a dolphin can't do that but if
there is no God then this is kind of the
entire story of mankind my man
desiring to be free from himself to be
more than what he is more than material
right that it's a very sad terrible
start there's no God you have these
these biological creatures which are
ourselves that have developed somehow
this desire to not to be more than us
but how could material develop a desire
to be more than material and again why
hasn't any other material developed that
desire why isn't any other material
developed that capacity most of all how
could a totally physical thing
originating from Stardust become aware
of itself that's the trickiest thing for
atheists I think they might say that
well the brain is a computer and so all
the things I mentioned love empathy
anger sadness so on are just functions
of the you know come fancy computer
system that we got in our heads but of
course there's already a problem with
that argument because computers are
designed designed we should say by
humans who have the capacity to design
things like computers because of their
consciousness so an atheist who
discounts God by saying well the brain
is just a computer might as well
discount God by saying well the human
body is just like a sculpture
yeah and find me a sculpture that
sculpted itself find me a computer that
built itself but even more to the point
we are aware of ourselves so it's not
just awareness that the atheists have to
explain but self-awareness
how could a clump of dust however
evolved ever come to know itself as a
clump of dust and why is it that no
other form of matter or assemblage of
matter has ever developed this ability
and why isn't there any computer even
the most advanced computer in the world
does not know itself as a computer
