well that said why do I fight with my
wife sometimes yeah my wife and I had
had a bit of a tiff on Sunday it was
actually really really funny it ended up
being really funny so basically here's
the story and she's gonna be so pissed
I'm gonna tell this on air so here's the
story so my wife was really really tired
she'd been tired because she'd be
working the previous night and we had to
go to this bat mitzvah that you know I
didn't know people but she knew the
people and so we had to go this bat
mitzvah on a Sunday night and my wife
has my pet peeve with my wife is really
simple and stupid one she loses her
phone all the time like legitimately
she's lose it all the time and when she
loses her phone she doesn't say to me
she doesn't look for it for 10 minutes
and then say I've lost my phone she
immediately says I've lost my phone
which makes me feel like she's losing it
even when she's not because she'll say
I've lost my phone then five seconds
later she'll look down and it's right
there right so in any case we're about
to leave and we have both our kids in
the house and my parents are taking care
of the kids and my wife turns to me she
says I don't have my phone and I say
well is that a big deal like I've got my
phone my parents can call me it's not
really a big deal she said well I feel
more comfortable my phone I said okay
why don't you just go back in the house
and get it we're sitting right outside
the house and she says I'm too tired can
you get it and I said you know okay fine
I'm already late to this party okay okay
fine and you know I'm not I'm not happy
about it
my son right now is very attached to me
so if I walk back in the house I've both
sneaked out of the house so he doesn't
make a fuss if we walk back in the house
my son is going to jump on me like a
barnacle on a whale or this is what he
does he's two-and-a-half he just runs to
me and he grabs my leg and won't let go
it's very cute when you're trying to
leave and then he breaks down into a
crying fit it's not quite as cute so I
so I say you know it would be better if
you went inside because he's not gonna
bother you as much it's not I'm really
tired I just I don't care enough I don't
care enough let's just go I said well
now you've got me right because you've
just said you didn't you want the phone
and you don't want to go and now you're
telling me that you don't care and let's
go so fine I'll go inside I'll go look
for the phone so I go inside I have no
idea where the damn phone is well how
would I know where the phone is I don't
know where she's been in the house so
I'm searching around the house and sure
enough like a shot out comes my son
running to me and grabbing my leg and
screaming so I pick him up I'm walking
around the house I look around for five
minutes I can't find it we're even later
to this party I walk out to the I
finally kind of pushed my son off to my
dad and I start to walk out of the house
and I walk back to the car and then my
and then my
comes charging out the front door after
me and I walk back to the I said
sweetheart I don't know where your phone
is can you get up off your butt and go
in the house and look for your phone you
know where your phone is right like you
know where it is or at least you have a
better idea because you know you're
aware the hostages no no I don't know no
I'm not gonna you know I don't need it
it's not important and so well now
you've made me go in the house and bring
my sons running after me and I'm gonna
have to go back in the house now and by
this point I'm ticked and I said I'm
gonna go back in the house mm-hmm
and I said I'll go back in the house I
look some more can't find the phone
right I finally come out I say
sweetheart you're being really really
unreasonable this is not reasonable and
she says well I don't care anymore let's
just go so she consents I am
extraordinarily pissed because I'm very
angry at this point and when I go angry
I tend to go silent rather than yelling
I'm not a Yeller so I go silent and we
drive for about three minutes and now
the car is on and because we're driving
and then strangely a phone begins to
ring in the car through the speakers of
the car and we've tried calling her
phone before we got nothing it turns out
that it's ringing in the car because
even when your phone is on silent it
rings through the car speakers right but
the car wasn't on when she was sitting
in it
where was the phone the entire time they
need her bud so if she had just gotten
up for 10 seconds she would have seen
that the phone was right there and we
would not have had to do any of this it
was my dad calling just to tell me that
the kids were fine and I said dad if I
come home in the car by myself it's
because I tossed my wife's body in a
lake and and you know don't tell the
cops but we both started laughing
because sometimes is something out of a
sitcom so that's that's typically how
our fights can go they usually end with
us laughing about most
