well summer is coming to an end and the
political season is about to begin and
you know what that means you're racist
that's right if you're a constitutional
conservative who believes in the
principles of ordered liberty handed
down to us by our founding fathers
that's an obvious dog-whistle because it
causes leftist to make a high-pitched
whining noise that can only be heard by
unattractive Democrats so you're racist
you see
let's dislike to call conservatives
racist during election times and and
during the run-up to election times and
also during the period after elections
and the period between elections and
during elections because otherwise
they'd have to tell you how they're
planning to steal your money and by
voters with it and that's not a very
good campaign slogan so you're racist to
see this strategy in action you only
have to tune into the Florida
gubernatorial race between Democrat
Andrew Gilliam a socialist black man who
wants to take all your money and buy
votes with it and Republican Ron de
Santos Democrats declared DeSantis
racist within 12 hours of his becoming
the official candidate because the
Santas used the word monkey
apparently Democrats think black people
are like monkeys so when a Republican
says the word monkey they feel he's
being racist because monkeys remind
Democrats of black people so you're
racist other reasons Republicans will be
called racist include trying to win
elections when everyone knows the
Democrats like black people better so
that's racist and of course protesting
when Democrats allow dead black people
to vote over and over again that's
racist against dead black people and
everyone knows dead black people who
earn only 38 cents on the dollar for the
same job done by a living white person
now you may say that's because the
living white person will actually do the
job he's given whereas a dead black
person will just sit there because he's
dead but that's because you're a racist
enjoy the election season racist
