here's what we can't do we can't
categorically reject the moral law
um
it doesn't apply to us we can't do that
we can't say that we worship God and
then in the next breath say that his
Commandments are irrelevant that doesn't
work so that you know I just think this
is a distinction that for some reason
people struggle with so much does it any
time you get into this conversation
people say what does you're saying we
have to be perfect no I'm not saying we
have to be perfect but I mean we should
we strive to be perfect we strive for
holiness but no it's it's we're not
saying that we have to be perfect right
now
you take any moral rule you know we're
not saying you have to follow it
perfectly in order to be Christian but
you have to accept it you have to accept
its legitimacy
you you can't say it's not legitimate
just because you disagree with it or
it's or it's inconvenient where it's
hard you can't do that
as a Christian you can't do that for all
the reasons I've just outlined because
you're tearing down the legitimacy of
Christianity
which it's up you can try to do that
from the outside you can't come into the
inside and do that you can't come into
Christianity and then try to tear down
its legitimacy while claiming to be
Christian and this is also why people
say well why are you so you know it
comes to homosexuality what why are you
so why are why are conservative
Christians so obsessed with this issue
why are they talking about it all the
time
well number one we're not the ones
taught we're not the ones who are always
bringing it up
it I would much prefer to live in a
society where we didn't need to talk
about this at all where it never came up
but I'm not the one bringing it up there
is a there is a a loud voice out there
including a voice within Christianity or
people who claim to be Christian who
everyday are saying no this is OK we
have to accept it so they're the ones
bringing it up literally marching
through the street
and when those of us who are
conservative Christian when we resist
that and we oppose them what we're doing
is we're defending the legitimacy of our
religion because that's what's being
called into question it's not specific
it's not about homosexuality exclusively
specific it is about that as well
obviously but that's not that's not just
it it's this conversation isn't
happening in a vacuum
