this week 70,000 weirdos will descend on
the Nevada desert to bump uglies roll
around in filth and worship Moloch we
will analyze how millenials favorite
pagan orgy became America's most popular
religious event then we will explore why
everybody is suddenly transgender maybe
me included maybe I really am Rachel
Maddow and we will blame our debauched
sexual culture on British royalty it
seems fitting historically speaking
finally a primary night recap as CNN
fills our leftist ears Tumblr's to the
brim I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show those tears were a
little hot I just burned my tongue a
little it's still hot from last night
they're hot from the Florida primaries
so we have a lot to talk about today
this is one of my favorite topics
bizarre radical sex so we'll get into
that as well as the politics before we
do that though let's talk about a
wonderful sponsor cold keeps this is
look if I ever want to get a chance of
picking up those filthy hippie girls
over at Burning Man I got to keep my
hair baby this is the only thing I got
working I'm not exactly an Adonis or a
Hercules statue or something like that
so you got to keep your hair and keeps
us the way to do it it is designed for
guys who want to stop hair loss with
their scientific and affordable approach
managed entirely on keeps calm keeps is
the easiest way to stop hair loss before
it's too late yes it really works it
offers the only two fda-approved hair
loss products clinically proven to keep
the hair you have
there is no BS there's no you know
magical spells this is just science and
it's completely safe these are the
generic versions of medications that
have been around for a while now they're
cheaper they're easier to get and keeps
makes it very easy just do it guys it
costs very little for five minutes now
and a dollar a day or less than a dollar
a day you will never have to worry about
hair loss again most people don't know
hair loss can set in twenty five thirty
five years old
stop it let's stop it right now it's
very inexpensive you're gonna thank
yourself later a sign up takes less than
five minutes it's ten to thirty five
bucks a month now you get your first
month three free rather thanks to me
that's a lot of sounds but you should
thank me because don't say never did
nothing for you stuff your loss today
the easy way with Keith
goto keeps calm / cough FAC OB f EF e ki
EEP s.com / cough fa Co V Fe Fe that's a
free month of treatment keeps calm /
cough FA Co V Fe Fe keeps here today
hair tomorrow dirty hippie girls at
Burning Man the next day today a
tomorrow and then you've got a Burning
Man the next day so today's show is
gonna be all about sex and this is not
just your average orgy because I was
actually hoping you know they give me
really terrible assignments here I've
got to go to Hollywood Boulevard I've
got to watch the movie about Barack
Obama I've got to do this I've got to do
that I just said can you please send me
to the weird millennial hippie sex
ritual can that be my one no they won't
let me go so I had to look at it from
afar but that's possibly okay because I
realized that Burning Man is not just a
weird festival electronic music druggy
dance have sex with dirty people thing
it is America's largest religious event
that's not hyperbole
they basically admit it themselves and
they get a lot of people to show up
70,000 people will come this year what
they do is indistinguishable from
ancient pagan rituals from even modern
pagan rituals it all has a center and
religious longing we will analyze all of
those things because I think basically
the people who are participating in it
don't really know what they're doing
which is often the case for those who
are not familiar with it and also
because I want to see very misguided hot
young millennial girls dance can we see
a clip of the live stream from Burning
Man
you know you know this is sort of true
of all perversion but when you look at
this for those of you who couldn't see
the clip you should subscribe to daily
wire so you could it's this electronic
dance music rumba rumba it's got this
weird vaguely middle eastern Indian
sounding music and it's got what
appeared to be hot women wearing weird
clothes and like skull masks and animal
masks and weird chains and stuff and
like all perversion when you hear about
it in theory it sounds kind of
titillating you think oh that might be
kind of it then you look at it and it's
just you've mostly horrifying and then
this is true this is always true if
perversion I don't just mean sexual
perversion perversion in general and
this is the case of Burning Man but when
you look at it if this were displaced if
this were in some ancient druidic
compound somewhere and you saw people
jumping around to this with these weird
beats in strange sensual attire and like
big animal heads on their head you'd say
oh yeah that's a pagan ritual of course
but for some reason when we see in a
Burning Man we say wow how modern how
new there's nothing new Under the Sun
there's certainly nothing new about this
if anything the only new thing was
Christianity which managed to persist
throughout the culture for I don't know
what 1500 years or so and and now we're
seeing what happens when you pull pull
that back so just a little background on
what Burning Man is Burning Man was
created in 1986 it was founded by these
hippy artist types over in San Francisco
and it was a summer solstice festival
where and this is where it gets weird
the founders say they spontaneously burn
an eight-foot-tall wicker man and a
smaller wicker dog spontaneously and I
don't know where you spontaneously come
across gigantic wicker people and then
you know just naturally have the idea
that they have to set them on fire or
incinerate there's something but anyway
that's their story so they did that it
was on the Solstice so it already has a
kind of ritualistic aspect to at a
vaguely religious or spiritual aspect to
it and then it grew every year and it
grew and then they started doing bigger
and bigger ones and eventually by 2014 I
think the statue became a hundred and
five feet tall and it they did it in
Nevada and the Nevada desert it
attracted more and more and more people
now we're up to 70,000 people and it's
taken on this decidedly spiritual tone
so this I just went to the Burning Man
website they have their own Burning Man
Journal they have their own Burning Man
philosophy I mean every a person I talk
to I say have you begun to burn him and
even to Burning Man they'll say no I
haven't been but oh man a friend of mine
is like religious about it so like I
know he's religious about it because
it's a religious experience of course
that's the whole point and we'll explain
why because I actually don't really
blame the very misguided Millennials who
are going to this I don't blame them for
going they're going because there's an
absence of meaning in their lives we can
we can talk about that a little later I
just went to the Burning Man website and
I wanted to see what's this about what
are they writing about what's on their
blog this is what's up this year there
they're talking about participating in
ritual participatory ritual and this is
a the quotes that they have at the top
of this page they say consider the
golden spike the golden spike every year
they go into the desert they clamp down
this golden spike in a ritual quote each
year the recreation of Black Rock City
from the empty desert is celebrated by
driving a gold painted length of steel
into the playa at the spot where the
Burning Man will stand and from which
point the entire city is surveyed
another quote that they have out there
is this may be the essential genius of
Burning Man out of nothing we created
everything and if that obviously if that
isn't religious talk then nothing is
that's a Genesis
I mean that's the first first lines of
Genesis are out of nothing we create
something and that's what they think
they're doing obviously they're not
creating something out of nothing
they're taking a bunch of hippies and
getting weird and dirty around a desert
for a few days and then leaving and
leaving it and leaving a lot of exhaust
and pollution in the air so it's not
something out of nothing it's something
out of something but that is the
religious component of it and it gets it
gets even weirder they go on in this
blog post because they have these
different rituals that are developed
over times they have temples they have
they have an orgy dome more on that in a
bit that was where I requested to go for
my assignment I said now you're probably
not allowed in and so it said quote this
year The Burning Man will reside in a
temple that is dedicated to the golden
spike every space and turning the entire
grid of our collective home derives from
this singular point in space hold on one
sec I'll go on we will mark this spot
with an omphalos a sculpture that will
represent the navel of our world
aligning with the spine of Burning Man
this will create an axis that continues
upward emerging high above the temple as
a gilded spire the sculpture of the man
will stand directly on the ground and it
will be like every one of us he will
live in a house he will inhabit a home
and should you wish to visit him you
must get up close and personal
participants will witness the figure in
intimate detail including every beveled
edge and compound joint our man crew has
employed in fashioning its body now for
those of you in my audience who are not
very high on drugs already this might
not make a lot of sense fortunately I
assume most of you are on a lot of drugs
at the inner psychedelics or something
like that
but this is very strange talk and a lot
of it sounds vaguely Christian or
vaguely Jewish or the temples and the
man of being the sort of avatar of
spirituality and the you know youth that
you see these kind of religious
parallels but everything's a little off
everything is a little bit wrong so
where it actually comes from the
founders
don't grant this but it's obviously true
is from this ancient druidic ritual
which was the Wickerman ritual they say
they hadn't heard of it they said it's
blah blah blah but it's almost the exact
same thing the ancient druids would
create a giant man out of wicker and
they would burn him and set him on fire
as a sacrifice every year Julius Caesar
wrote about this in his commentaries on
the Gallic war so what happened every
year it had fallen into disuse until
modern paganism came around what they
call this is an act of radical
self-expression sir saying they build
this 100-foot tall man every year a
change is 40 foot 20 foot hundred foot
call it a 100 foot tall man and they
burn it in these in different positions
during the year some there was one where
they're they're in a real sensual
position where it's clearly people about
to you know get down and bump some
uglies and other times it's this giant
man and they set him on fire they call
it a radical act of self-expression but
it's not an act of self-expression
that's an act of self-destruction
right that's an act of self negation
it's it's self annihilation it's a
sacrifice why I mean when we read the
Bible when we read of ancient texts
Gilgamesh whatever you see plenty of
people going out into deserts and
burning idols and having weird rituals
around them but for some reason when
they do it we look at and we say oh
that's so weird who would ever do that
why are they doing that that doesn't
make any sense and then people do this
exact same thing on an even larger scale
and we say oh it's it's a music festival
oh it's you know it's just a bunch of
hippies going out and whatever it's
really really strange so it's not it
doesn't just stop there though it
doesn't just stop at the ritual it
doesn't just stop at the history they
have ten principles the doctrine of
Burning Man and here are those
principles it's kind of interesting
because they they seem similar to two
principles that we would have the first
is radical inclusion so everybody can
come everybody's allowed to come to a
Burning Man the other is gifting so you
have to like give people stuff you can
you can't use money when you're in
Burning Man and then this is my favorite
one the third principle is
decommodification
they're saying no money money is bad we
don't want to turn anything into a
commodity
Oh your ticket your ticket costs $1,000
but yeah but man after that it's totally
there's no money these tickets cost
anywhere from 200 bucks to $1,200 the
parking fee is 80 or 90 bucks but then
they say but no money no money and this
is always the case with these things
you'll hear people say I'm sure the vast
majority if not all of the people who go
there would say this isn't religious
this isn't a religious thing that's
crazy
but then they do religious things
they'll say oh this isn't about money
this isn't about commodities but then
they pay $1,200 to go they don't even
know it's happening and this we do this
all the time we don't know when we're
doing these things this is what makes
idolatry so pernicious this is what
makes it so dangerous you don't know
when it's happening then they talk about
radical self-reliance radical
self-expression communal effort civic
responsibility leaving no trace this is
a silly one too because so much of this
is about nature worship so much of the
modern lefty mindset is environmentalism
nature worship we're killing the earth
whatever that means
they say you have to leave no trace you
have to commit zero waste and they
really believe this but that is
impossible if you if you exist in the
world you create waste and it's
obviously absurd you have 70,000 people
coming out there on airplanes planes
trains and automobiles driving doing a
bunch of drugs like these things don't
cost nothing to do they don't they expel
a lot of carbon dioxide they expel Cupp
pollutants into the environment but
still they pretend there's this
mythology of it all then it says
participation and then the last one is
immediacy they say no idea can
substitute for this experience and even
here is a very important religious point
someone asked the other day in the
mailbag about Gnosticism the idea that
there's a secret knowledge that leads to
salvation and Gnosticism is a heresy
because you have to do things you have
to put things into your body religion
requires you to participate in it
they're saying exactly the same thing
here Burning Man is saying exactly the
same thing they say you need to
participate in the ritual you need to
put your whole body into it and so what
does this mean practically practically
speaking what this means is sex drugs
and bizarre spirituality but that's what
it exists for this brings us
the most titillating part of Burning Man
which is something called the orgy dumb
the orgy dome is not the only place at
which to have an orgy at Burning Man but
it is the most famous place I'd had to
try to find a PG family-friendly clip
about the orgy dome which took up most
of my morning but here is the the most
PG rated one I could find to explain and
give you a little bit of a tour of what
the orgy dome looked like this was a
number of years ago but what the orgy
dome looks like at Burning Man
hello Kickstarter our Burning Man theme
camp has been heating up the playa with
the Hawks ex fire gym and our famous
24-hour air conditioned orgy dome for
ten years that's right we have been
providing an intimate place for lovers
in Black Rock City for a decade the dome
is open to couples and more soms looking
for a safe place to love let's face it
tents get messy and dirty far from
romantic and if you are sharing an RV
somehow a dome full of sexy strangers is
easier than trying to be intimate with
roommates around that's where we come in
when you and your partner enter the dome
you're greeted by us and we make sure
you know simple safety rules and given a
sanitary towel you remove your dusty
shoes before entering the orgy dome
space where you will find soft lighting
mattresses and couches on soft carpet
and lovely drapery along the walls that
just that voice just that voice alone
makes you think like I get out of here
you get out go away yep that lady sounds
like she's been rode hard and put away
wet I'm that is a reference but that is
an old farm analogy that is not a dirty
analogy get your minds out of the gutter
I know that you were just watching a
clip about an orgy dome so I forgive you
for your your gutter thinking but there
really is this you hear that boys you
like yeah I've been having a great time
at the orgy dome so yeah I couldn't be
happier I'm really flourishing people
can love here on disgusting mattresses
there is it's been estimated and this
estimate comes from four or five years
ago that five thousand people over five
thousand people have gone into the orgy
dough
can you even imagine how disgusting that
place is for those of you who can't
watch
maybe you shouldn't subscribe maybe this
is a great argument for listening to the
show I'm on audio but for those who
couldn't see it it's just filthy
mattresses underneath a tent with a with
a lady who sounds like she's smoked six
packs of cigarettes a day for 30 years
telling you how lovely and wholesome and
enjoyable it is it doesn't seem that
enjoyable does it but the aspect here
that really makes me not want this
assignment even if I could have gotten
it is the everybody is filthy there's no
cleanliness to this thing when you get
there you're encouraged to kind of just
roll around in the dirt because there
aren't a lot of showers now if there are
any showers at all people clean off with
a little bit of water or soapy water or
something and just people lying around
doing drugs in sweltering heat in the
Nevada desert for days and days and days
and then frolicking around a filthy orgy
dome where 5000 people have been before
you is if that is not enough to get you
to run to church right now get down on
your knees beg forgiveness and never
leave I don't know what is but this is
the promise of Burning Man the promise
of Burning Man is that you're entering
another world in this world you have to
clean yourself and work and like read
books and you know wake up on time and
take care of people and have
accountability and cook dinner and all
these things in at Burning Man it's
another world it's a different world you
don't have to bathe if you don't have to
do anything you can roll around in the
dirt you can have sex with whomever you
like
it's long you know I mean presumably you
have to like get a chick to like you but
I don't know if everybody's hopped up on
ecstasy I don't know how hard that is
then you you know listen to electronic
music even that aspect it's not like
you're listening to Brahms and Beethoven
you're listening to music that speaks to
what Aristotle and Plato would call the
base passions that is just all a base
it's all percussion it's all speaking to
that part of you which is rhythmic and
tribal so you're just kind of moving and
going with the flow man it's another
world and this is what's drawing so many
people now we can get really into the
two why I don't feel bad well I actually
sort of feel bad and I don't really
judge these hippies because they're in a
culture that encourages
and where they think they don't have any
other choice there's another world
people are always looking for another
world there's a reason why drug use is
so high up it's not simply escapism from
the quotidian it's looking for
transcendence it's people who everyone
who has ever taken acid or mushrooms or
even I guess even edibles or smoked pot
or something they're looking for an
experience that is not of this world and
the reason for that is all human beings
longed for another world we feel like
we're not at home in this world this is
the traditional Christian ethos we are
pilgrims in this world we are made for
another world which is heaven CS Lewis
writes about this beautifully CS Lewis
basically translating Thomas Aquinas for
modernity he says quote creatures are
not born with desires
unless satisfaction for these desires
exists a baby feels hunger well there is
such a thing as food a duckling wants to
swim well there is such a thing as water
men feel sexual desire well there's such
a thing as sex if I find myself in
myself a desire which no experience in
this world can satisfy the most probable
explanation is that I was made for
another world we all this is the
argument from desire basically all of
mankind has a desire for God a desire
for transcendence and therefore there
must be a satisfaction to that long
unless the world is one cruel joke as
cynics think it is as nihilists think it
is then there is a satisfaction for that
line that's what the people are looking
for it burning and that's what people go
for and you see this in the report they
do every year they do the afterburn
report over who goes to this thing and
and who is who is showing up the median
age at Burning Man is thirty to thirty
four its Millennials slightly on the
older end of millennial but it's it's
people who have had been working day
jobs and don't don't feel fulfilled in
that they're looking for an escape
they're looking for some way to regress
into childhood to become childish or
childlike and to transcend the everyday
these are not total poor degenerate
people that's what you might think you'd
think it's like all just homeless people
showing up right to be yours
the bowline to screw around and do a lot
of drugs but that isn't what it is it's
what they actually found is that people
are disproportionately educated at
Burning Man they're they're people who
disproportionately have college degrees
or even graduate degrees I think the
majority of people who attend Burning
Man certainly the majority have a BA and
I think the majority have even a
master's 44 percent of them almost half
of Burning Man makes over $100,000 per
year that's pretty high so it's all of
these yuppies these young urban
professionals over credentialed probably
under educated looking for something
that is not being satisfied in their
daily lives
the breakdown of their religious views
is pretty interesting fifteen point nine
percent of people who go to Burning Man
say that they're religious so the vast
majority eighty over eighty four percent
of people at bringing in say they're not
religious okay this might explain why
they go there about twenty four percent
say they're atheist one percent say that
they're deist sixteen percent say
they're agnostic and then another eight
percent say I don't know which is very
funny because I agnostic means I don't
know so you can add those two together
you know it's like twenty four percent
almost a quarter of people there or
agnostic and then the big number the
lion's share almost half of the people
who go to Burning Man do you know what
they are you know what I'm going to say
I don't even need to say it do I
on the count of three ready one they are
one two three spiritual but not
religious as you who got it one hundred
percent of people got it spiritual but
not religious and this is something that
is really pernicious I've talked about
this in other episodes I've talked about
there was a great book on this and
immoveable feast which I recommend you
read it's on this problem of spiritual
but not religious spiritual but not
religious defines our generation it
defines Millennials it's people who want
the nice aspects of religion they want
that natural human longing for God to be
fulfilled but they don't want have to do
anything about it they don't want have
to do anything that they don't want to
do they want you know you read the Bible
and you see the Jews wandering in the
desert and then Moses goes away for five
seconds and they immediately start
worshiping a golden
you see you idiots what are you God just
delivered you out of the desert you've
been longing for God he's giving you
manna is giving you this he's giving you
that and this yeah but I don't want to
do any of the rules I don't want to
follow the rules I don't want to I want
God to come to me on my terms I'm
spiritual but not religious I'm not that
interested in God I'm very interested in
me and I want transcendence spiritual
but not religious that's the lion's
share of them so another interesting
question they say do you belong to a
religion or religious denomination 71%
say no twenty-eight point eight percent
say yes so all of the people who say any
religion paganism this is Ahmet is
Unitarian whatever a better quarter of
people say yes we belong to some
religion so clearly there's a
misunderstanding here with regard to
religion we've got to wrap this up but
I'd really want to get to this point I
think some of you might still be looking
at me and say Michael you're just you're
being hyperbolic you're misunderstanding
burning man burning man it's just people
having fun it's just kids stupid kids
going out and having fun first of all
they're not kids they're 34 years old
and second of all they're probably not
stupid they're actually
disproportionately over educated or at
least over credentialed but this is
religion it's not III think that people
are misunderstanding paganism here it's
not that we're misunderstanding Burning
Man or that we're misunderstanding the
nature of Burning Man it's that people
are misunderstanding the nature of
paganism they always pretend it's
something other like that they would
never do if you read about paganism in
any of the ancient myths or any of the
ancient histories or the Bible or
whatever it's this very different things
I can't what is what is P L come on
that's that's what old people did before
they had science before like us they had
science so we can't have paganism of
course you can in many ways scientific
naturalism has created a new paganism
it's the same idol worship of nature
that the Hittites engaged in it's the
same idol worship of nature that a
pre-christian non-jewish people engaged
in and the main religious right here is
the main religious right of those
ancient people the the weirdo dirty
hippie is a burning man
or engaging in the same central
religious Rite which is sacred
prostitution even that phrase people are
unfamiliar with that sacred prostitution
is a major religious form you see in
Gilgamesh that actually in Gilgamesh who
was the name is a sham haunt the sacred
prostitutes sham hunt is largely
responsible for creating civilized man
for civilizing this wild man and making
him a member of society it's this sacred
prostitute Judah has sex with a sacred
prostitute in Genesis the sacred
prostitute Tamar Herodotus describes the
ancient Babylonians as requiring their
women to undergo a sacred prostitute
ritual where they go to the kingdoms of
the originals of the love goddess and
have sex with men willingly for money or
not for not with money the Code of
Hammurabi the oldest legal code in the
world protects sacred prostitutes
specifically the ancient Hittites the
ancient Sumerians the Corinthians
everybody had sacred prostitutes as a
central aspect of their society and
actually the Phoenician cities multiple
Phoenician cities had these sacred
prostitutes within the Roman Empire
until Emperor Constantine put a stop to
it
does anyone remember where Constantine
comes into play Constantine is the
Emperor who broadens the appeal of
Christianity throughout the Roman Empire
decriminalizes Christianity throughout
the empire it's only at that point it's
only at the advent of Christianity on a
wide scale that these ideas of sacred
prostitution these ancient rites go away
so what do we think is it just that the
all of these ancient peoples were weird
and bizarre and crazy and these hippies
in the desert are just weird and bizarre
and crazy no of course I'm not saying
that at all what I'm saying is there is
something essential in human nature that
tends toward these things that tends
toward paganism that tends toward nature
worship that tends toward sacred
prostitution and the idolatry of
sensuality and the the idolatry of
sensuality and there is something
different in religion that comes into
place in Christian religion in Judaism
which says no to that it says do not
follow your basest instincts your base
passions and your human nature do
something higher use your mind use your
intellect use your consciousness use
your will to aim towards something
higher which is the true God not these
nature spirits that you're worshipping
but the true God this is the story of
the Bible it's the story of the new the
Old Testament and the people constantly
revert back to their old ways their
natural ways that's what's happening at
Burning Man the people at Burning Man
think that they're forming a new society
a new city out of nothing
creating a new thing out of nothing in
this with this novel idea of a barter
system as though the barter system
didn't predate the modern financial
institutions is that it didn't predate
our modern system of currency and
Finance this new spirituality this new
sensuality there's nothing new about it
it is simply the base instinct even the
new music we think this is a new music
like Bach is old and dubstep is new not
that that is an obvious that is exactly
flipped there is nothing in the world
that is older than dubstep or EDM or
modern electronic percussion music
that's the oldest form of music in the
entire world the newest form of music is
the music that goes higher than that
that has harmony that has melody that
has a sophistication it might be 300
years old it's still the newest music in
the entire world and what is happening
as a result of this then I've got a
second byte of Facebook and YouTube this
is having practical effects throughout
our culture it's not confined to a
random desert in Nevada it's going out
around the world this year Americans are
diagnosed with a record number of
sexually transmitted diseases I don't
want to sound like a prude on all of
this okay I'm actually not a prude
there's a time and a place for
everything and that place is College or
burning man I guess but this is really
becoming a social problem you have to
call it out for what it is we have a
record number of STDs diagnosed in the
u.s. 2.3 million people will be
diagnosed with an STD this year that's
the fourth year in a row that we've
broken a record this trend is getting
absurdly high we're talking about
chlamydia we're talking about gonorrhea
we're talking about syphilis
specifically in the gay community gay
guys are spreading syphilis didn't we
get rid of syphilis a hundred years ago
shouldn't this have been gone a long
time ago no it's making a comeback
paganism our base instincts are making a
back baby along with syphilis because
people are having unprotected sex
they're having unprotected sex with
multiple partners they're having
unprotected sex with multiple partners
at the same time in the orgy dome in the
middle of the desert in Nevada the CDC
is very concerned about this the CDC is
issuing warnings they don't understand
why this is happening we we're modern we
have science we are using our reason
aren't we not at all there is a great
quote from Chesterton he said the madman
is not the guy who loses his reason he's
the guy who loses everything except for
his reason people in that desert are
using their reason but they're not using
anything else they're not grounding it
in first principles not grounding it in
traditions in faith and culture they're
going with their base passions and where
they're illogic leads them in that and
this this has led to some absurdity in
the me2 movement you've now got a porn
actress Jenny blye
hardcore porn actress who is complaining
because she was treated like a piece of
meat on a porn set we'll get into that
in a second we'll get into the
transgender social contagion have this
all of this social stuff plays a role in
our transgender obsession it's playing a
role in screwing up our kids we can
blame Charles and Diana for that and
we've got to talk about politics you got
to talk about last night's big primary
night I can't get to any of that before
I say goodbye to you on Facebook and
YouTube I've probably already said
goodbye to you or probably already
censor there's another wave of
censorship that came out this morning so
if you're on Daley we're calm thank you
you help keep the lights on and khofifah
in my cup if you are not over there go
to Daley wire you get me the under
claiming show the ben shapiro show you
get to ask questions in the mailbag
that's coming up tomorrow get your
questions in and you also get to ask
questions in the conversation just
coming up with the big boss Ben none of
that matters get the leftist tears
tumblr this is the only way especially
if you're going to that orgy dome in the
middle of Nevada you're gonna wanna
you're gonna have to take the leftist to
it leave the leftist ears in put just a
dash of soap the salt will help scrub
and clean you off before you go into the
orgy dome and it'll bubble up and fizzle
be very good for you
so left us tears they have so many uses
don't they go to daily wear that calm
we'll be right back
this is an amazing headline I feel bad
for the woman her name is Jenny blye or
bligg or something and she's got a meet
to complaint when she was on a porn set
which is that she said she was treated
like a piece of meat now I is there even
a joke to be made about that that is the
definition of a porn set as you're
treating your body as a piece of meat
and but I do feel kind of bad for her
she says by the way that the director of
the porn movie who she says groped her
came up and like grabbed her while he
was filming copped a little feel you
know this guy hasn't the name John
staliano and she said that he didn't
know he didn't know that he wasn't
supposed to do that but he should have
asked my permission which is an actress
in a porno movie and you know last time
I checked those movies don't that's not
like asking permission every step of the
way I don't think that's how that works
this is a real social contagion because
in this case porn is a fantasy right
porn is creating a fantasy and marketing
it to people who are desiring a fantasy
they're desiring a longing for sexuality
and that outlet is a cheap and easy way
out but it's it's probably not the most
gratifying one this is a fantasy and
other sexual fantasies are spreading as
well there was a study out of Brown
University that transgender
identification is a social contagion
that there is this spreads around
socially this study identified groups of
young adults who said that they had 50%
or that the majority of them had trans
identifying people within their small
group of friends over 50% and this is
statistically impossible this is 70
times the expected average here of
people who have the legitimate social
confusion or a psychological confusion
about their biological sex this is much
much higher than average so clearly this
is spreading in a social way it's
spreading because it's being
mainstreamed by the culture the study
also found that 62% of people
identifying with gender dysphoria had a
some psychological disorder before they
identified as a member of the other sex
so before they got confused about their
sex they had some other mental illness
going on and almost 50% 48% of these
people had it
maduk event before they had gender
confusion that's bullying that sexual
assault and that's also divorce so
divorce is listed in there very
politically incorrect you're not allowed
to say it Brown was forced to pull this
study Brown you know it's amazing they
said in their note about this they send
in a big note to everybody they said we
believe in academic freedom but they
always do that
it was kamek but and then they say we
believe in academic freedom but we don't
really high and then they pulled the
study because it's politically incorrect
but this is the part we can't talk about
this is I was mentioning this at the end
of the show yesterday the politically
incorrect thing here is that we're not
allowed to say that perhaps our social
or physical ailments or gender confusion
the high increase in suicide the high
increase in drug addictions in alcohol
abuse in opioid abuse in self-harm in
all of these things maybe that has
something to do with our Sikh culture
because that's what this Brown study is
saying it's saying people who experience
abuse who experience traumas who
experience the divorce of their parents
are more likely to have these mental
problems including gender confusion this
brings us down to this day in history
which was actually yesterday in history
in 1996 Prince Charles and Princess
Diana got a divorce they divorced
publicly in this because this was in the
news I remember this as a kid it was in
the news constantly people were so
neurotic about the Princess Diana and
whatever and they what the effect of
that was so mainstreaming of divorce now
look you the Church of England was
founded because Henry the 8th you know
wanted to get a divorce and chop off the
heads of his wives and have a male son
or whatever so we can say that Charles
and Diana were better spouses to one
another than Henry the 8th perhaps but
you've got to remember Edward the eighth
abdicated in the early 20th century he
had to abdicate the throne because he
wanted to marry a divorced woman there
was a real sense of seriousness about
marriage in the early 20th century that
fell apart at the end of the 1990s all
of this is connected all of this is
connected because what Charles and Diana
were just symbols on TV you
the aristocracy in the Royal Palace of
what was happening around the world
which is that divorce was exploding
especially in the nineties many if not
most of my friends have parents who were
divorced divorce
was everywhere and some people made it
out just fine or relatively fine from
divorce a lot of people I know were run
over by it it's an aspect of a sexually
irresponsible culture and again I'm not
talking about the time in a place for
everything you know I'm not saying that
you know when you're a kid you can't
experiment or whatever be a little loose
but when you're the Prince of Wales when
you're when you're British royalty when
you're on the throne when you have
children don't do it you have to put
other people before yourselves and that
sexual selfishness really does seem to
go hand-in-hand with all of these social
problems with all of these psychological
problems and and all of these health
problems they're all connected to this
speaking of bad parenting I've got to go
in a few minutes so I do want to get
through these political things we can
talk more about weird sex at another
time speaking of bad parenting there was
a student who assaulted another student
in class because he was wearing a make
America great again hat you have to
listen to how the parent reacted to this
take it away video shows some of the
tension inside this high school
classroom the teacher trying to subdue a
fired up seventeen-year-old senior I
don't agree with you know grabbing
someone's hat and and verbally talking
to him that way but as far as the issue
being brought up that maybe this is
something that needs to be not just it
needs to be brought up it's another one
of these buttheads drew calls them the
butt heads they say one thing and then
they negate what they just said because
they use the word but afterwards says
well I didn't you know I didn't like
that but don't worry the head are you
gonna you know you're gonna get in
trouble we're gonna hit you a really
awful parenting and this is this is why
Trump is popular so in our last minutes
here I do want to cover the the
primaries last night because they do
show very good signs for November for
Republicans I say that cautiously
anything could happen but these are
pretty good signs
so in Arizona martha mcsalley beat out
Kelly Ward and Joe Arpaio I like all of
those people they all seem very nice
mcsalley it was a good candidate though
probably a safe candidate when we get
into the general election and then the
real story for Donald Trump is in
Florida where Ron de santis won his
primary he was running against Adam
Putnam Adam Putnam was the favorite he
was killing it in the polls he was
totally gonna beat DeSantis then Trump
comes out and endorses Ron DeSantis Ron
DeSantis wins in a landslide
they couldn't even Putnam said that he
said we can't catch up there it's so
hard to catch up this shows us that even
in a swing state even in a place that
really matters Florida really really
matters in 2020 president Trump's word
is very popular we know this as approval
ratings are very high he he's a popular
guy everything is going very well under
his presidency so the left is furious
about this here is the I love this i
gobbled this up I took the lid off my
tumbler and just put it underneath the
faucet here is the mainstream media
freaking out over Trump's popularity
last week was a tidal wave of bad news
for this presidency and this president
and his approval ratings stayed the same
so I wonder I mean if that's not gonna
move the needle is this John McCain
thing gonna move the needle and and
forgive me for being skeptical because I
was under the impression as was most
people that when Donald Trump came out
and said he was not a war hero he likes
the guys that don't get caught back in
2015 that people would care and when I
went out and I talked to Republican
voters they didn't care at all the
Republicans don't care but 43% is both a
very high number when you realize that
that many people are so deluded as to
believe this guy's a good president but
it's also a pretty low number you know
and a lot of independents have left
Donald Trump they voted for him in 2016
they're not going to vote for him again
they have much more in common with John
McCain so you have to draw a distinction
between hardcore Republicans who as
Trump said he could shoot somebody on
Fifth Avenue they still support them and
a much really larger group of people who
go in different directions depending on
the election 88% of Republicans still
support him you know noting that
Jonathan
Ultra said is true like I said this
isn't very high core into his daily
presidential tracking poll he's doing
better than Barack Obama also a popular
president during that time in his
presidency but then he says Trump has
lost the independence which votes as he
lost tell me which votes Donald Trump is
lost because all of the awful
predictions about Donald Trump's
handling of the government have not come
true the opposite has come true record
high economy record high employment
everything is going great peace abroad
relative peace abroad so which votes has
he lost just to use that one it we use
it a lot because after Kanye West came
out people started tracking the vote
among black voters who typically won't
go for Democrats Donald Trump's support
among the black voters has more than
doubled in just eight or nine months
what votes is he lost he hasn't lost any
votes
that's ridiculous wishful thinking the
the lady on MSNBC actually has a right
at the top she was D'Arnot why is he so
popular I go on TV every day and say
he's bad why is he so popular he hasn't
into you he's had a terrible two week he
hasn't had a terrible two weeks he's had
a great two weeks
the Nasdaq broke a record the Dow broke
another record the S&P I mean ever what
are you talking nobody cares about what
you care about
nobody cares about well he didn't do and
he should have done this and he didn't
hold his glass there what nobody cares
they care about the economy and peace
abroad and jobs and STFU I mean that is
like that's gonna be the banner I hate
to be vulgar but we're gonna vulgar era
you know and the left especially the
left is being vulgar the right is being
a little vulgar too because it's so
shocking nobody cares about the things
you're pretending to care about the
polls back that up so what is the
response what is the response going to
be because Trump is still popular
despite all the hit jobs
take it away CNN's Jeffrey Toobin
Jeffrey go ahead let's be clear also
about what's going on here the theme
here is I'm Donna Donald Trump and I'll
protect you from the scary black people
antifa is widely perceived as an
african-american organization and this
is just part of the same story of LeBron
James and Don Lemon and Maxine Waters
and the NFL
players and the UCLA basketball players
this is about black versus white this is
about Donald Trump's appeal to racism
and it just happens all the time and we
never say it or we don't say it enough
for what it is but that's what's going
on is that Jeffrey Toobin nickname for
himself is that were widely perceived
his he's the only person I've ever heard
say that and Tifa is a black
organization is Jeffrey Toobin on CNN
nobody says that in fact it's exactly
the opposite there are all these whiny
little white communists there are all
these shrimpy little cowardly white
communists who put on napkins over their
face one because they're too cowardly
they don't want to get arrested and two
presumably because they're very ugly
people they're they're ashamed of that
too they hate themselves no that's
ridiculous but you know nice try Jeffrey
it's it has become ridiculous they I
it's so lovely right they say why is
Trump still popular we've been doing
this crooked investigation and all this
insinuation and lying about stories and
know now we know CNN was lying about a
story because Lanny Davis admits it and
this and then he's still popular you're
a racist did hey guys did that work
I called Trump a racist do you think
that's gonna work it's not gonna work
that's not gonna work at all they're
doing this to run DeSantis now even not
12 hours after Ron DeSantis wins his
primary in Florida he went out he was
talking about he was talking about how
his opponent is like sort of a nice guy
Andrew Gilliam he's the Bernie backed
socialist but he said look don't monkey
this up guys you know don't vote for
socialism but his opponent Andrew
Gilliam is black so now they're saying
he's a racist 12 hours after a - all
there is but monkey it up or monkey
around these are these are just turns of
phrase these are very popular idioms
there isn't a not a shred of evidence
that race has anything to do with that
and but I think this is the game that
Americans are tired of why is Trump's
approval rating so high because of
things like that because in the old days
if someone said monkey it up or monkey
around nobody would think that that was
racist nobody would actually think that
but the left would pretend it was racist
and the right would pretend that it
sounded racist and then we'd all sort of
all he shouldn't have said that
oh he
no you really like why shouldn't he have
said that not a soul thinks it's racist
we're all just it's all pretend and
Trump comes along and smashes all that
pretense and so now they say is racist
and we're just laughing at them say okay
yeah okay that's cute keep going on that
one keep going on that one so now you're
a major pitch to voters this is your big
pitch going into November is racist
racist the final Democrat pitch going
into the midterm elections Don Lemon
give it to me baby
it says it right in the name and Tifa
anti-fascism which is what they were
there fighting listen there's you know
no organization is perfect there are
some violence no one condones of
violence but there were different
reasons for antifa
and for these neo-nazis to be there one
racist fascists the other group fighting
racist fashions there is it a fascist
there's a distinction there so just
because it and something says something
just because the name purports to be one
thing doesn't mean that it's that it is
that right you don't get you this name
yourself McDonald's could name itself
like that I don't know health foods of
America it doesn't make it health food
it makes it McDonald's it remains
McDonald's they call themselves an tyfa
they literally wear black shirts like
like the original fascist Mussolini's
fascists called
the black shirts they go out they wear
black shirts they beat up their
political opponents in the street and
they stop them from speaking they are
fascists so now you've got Democrats
have been smart on this so far they
haven't defended an Tifa because
anti-fur are terrorists now you've got
Don Lemon empty-headed Don Lemon goes
out there and starts defending an Tifa
so the argument going in we've seen
these polls last night we've seen the
primaries we can see very clearly that
an important swing states president
Trump's still very popular this is not
surprising we also see that the Democrat
argument is racist and the final pitch
defending an tyfa vote vote for
democrats or will club you on the head
in the street vote for death that's
gonna be their pitch unbelievable keep
it up guys I hope you do it I keep it up
Don Lemon I want Don Lemon to run for
something get your mail back questions
in because we've got the mailbag
tomorrow in the meantime I'm Michael
Knowles this is the Michael no
show I'll see you tomorrow
the Michael null shim is produced by
seniya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is austin stevens edited by jim nickel
audio is mixed by mike core amina
hair and makeup is by Jeshua alvera the
michael knowles show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
you
