I think it's the most ridiculous on
American policy ever and no matter how
many times I explain it to people it
still sounds so stupid I'm ami Horowitz
and there's a decades-old
international postal agreement just
costing the US taxpayer hundreds of
millions of dollars annually an untold
amount of American jobs let's find out
more about it ordering things online has
reshaped the way we shop and consume in
the US alone we spent nearly 1 trillion
dollars that's trillion with a teeth
purchasing online goods last year it's
the fastest growing segment of consumer
sales and is becoming a more important
part of our economy by the day and this
marketplace is quickly becoming the
domain of the Chinese in large part
because the e-commerce playing field is
tilted sharply in favor of Chinese
merchants at the expense of their US
competitors Chinese dominance in the
cyber sales arena is a result of a
number of issues including low labor
costs almost non-existent regulations
and an increasingly large part of the
Chinese success is there incredibly low
shipping costs ever wonder why shipping
a phone charger from China is free while
buying the same or similar products
shipping from the US is like 6 bucks and
shipping costs have become a big part of
the decision-making process when buying
something online the primary reason for
this imbalance is a decades-old
arrangement for incoming packages set by
a UN agency called the Universal Postal
Union a deal was made to ship other
countries packages including China
anywhere in the US for about a dollar 50
without regard to the real costs borne
by the US Postal Service
I'm from skip back that's where my
business is and if I said something from
skip back to skip back it costs more
than sending something from Beijing to
skip back we are probably providing a
lot of the profit margin by subsidizing
that leg when they're shipping into the
US and the subsidy difference is really
dramatic we're not talking about a
couple pennies we're talking about
dollars per unit more Galli
is that china is treated as a group
three country meaning it qualifies for
some of the lowest postal rates within
this arrangement along with Gabon
Botswana Cuba and other third-world
countries they're basically sitting in a
system that considers them to be China
4050 years ago and they're getting
treated like that in terms of the rates
that our Postal Service has agreed to
provide them categorizing China as a
Tier three country in 1874 made a lot of
sense right the rickshaw was not the
best form of transportation and no
single player in e-commerce has
benefited from this more the Chinese
behemoth Alibaba itself three times as
many products as Amazon and has its eye
on dominating the US market with
assistance from the US Postal Service
this has created a situation in which US
businesses competing with Chinese
companies are at a massive disadvantage
in terms of shipping costs the US Postal
Service admitted that losses from this
postal deal alone amount to over a
hundred and seventy million dollars in
2017 and as e-commerce from China
continues to explode so the losses
suffered by the Postal Service and
consequently the US taxpayer Jamie
smelled owned is owner of my tea mug a
manufacturer of innovative mugs and cups
sold around the world directly to
consumers and through major retailers he
and his company find themselves in the
crosshairs of this problem increasingly
American shoppers are expecting free
shipping so that means for American
businesses we many times absorb part or
the full cost of the shipping in order
to get the sale to transact but the
reality is the Chinese ship are able to
exploit these terminal dues is able to
give free shipping on almost everything
so they have a massive advantage now if
you put that in perspective to the
retailers in this contrary that are
losing market share they're having to
reduce store accounts lay off tons of
people there is a massive ripple effect
how does that impact how many truckers
are needed to move
Goods what happens to those 3040 hundred
thousand people that are now laid off
like how does that change the labor
market if our rate was that low we could
either be making exponentially more in
profits which we would pummel back into
research and development new products
hiring expansion all sorts of things
or we could lower our cost to the
customer and that would increase our
volume it's pretty black and white to me
that if we had a lower shipping rate
we'd be we'd be doing a lot more
business in a bizarre and disturbing
twist this postal arrangement
essentially forces the American taxpayer
to subsidize Chinese counterfeit goods
coming into the US because they take
advantage of the same shipping discount
counterfeits have moved from creepy guys
with trench coats and back alleys to
being front and center on the world's
largest digital storefronts the
counterfeit market is a 1.7 trillion
dollar per year industry larger than the
illicit drug trade costing over twenty
billion dollars in lost profits and
millions of jobs and that market is
expected to double within the next five
years with the vast majority of it
coming from China at one point Apple
reported that 90% of all so-called Apple
products listed on Amazon or things in
fact both Alibaba and Amazon are reaping
rich rewards from these fake goods while
costing American retailers and
manufacturers billions competition for
this product isn't just other products
that act like your product they
basically are your product and they're
out competing you for the remainder of
your market as more and more sales go to
e-commerce we started to notice a ton of
knockoff items all of them tripping from
China and that's when we start to look
into it how is it possible that they're
able to offer our product essentially
for so much lower than what we can offer
but then when it turns out that our own
Postal Service is also providing a
subsidy to that shipper what is this
thing and why are we doing this it's a
very predictable almost natural
progression first is wow this looks like
our product we have patented X amount of
features on this product and they just
kind of stole it and they're shipping it
in
three dollars a unit I sell it for 20
there free shipping and I doubt there's
a new e-commerce phenomenon called drop
shipping where middlemen take a product
already listed under ecommerce site most
notably alibaba's Aliexpress and we
brand that product as their own on
social media sites usually with a huge
markup there are hundreds of YouTube
sites dedicated to explain how to set up
your own drop shipping site when a sale
is made
Aliexpress simply ships the product
directly to the consumer so a single
listing and Aliexpress can have
thousands of people marketing it on
social media their own product it has
poured gas on the fire of the Chinese
shipping problem five years ago the
Chinese seller would list it on whatever
platform they were listing it on whether
it be ollie
Alibaba eBay Amazon and it would be this
this one listing and what drop shipping
has done has allowed that one listing to
permeate into thousands of listings
because of these drop shippers relisting
and marking up the counterfeit item
another issue with subsidizing shipping
to the US is that essentially makes
Chinese companies immune to returns they
basically don't have to concern
themselves as much with quality or
safety
I ordered a phone charger from Alibaba
to see how this process would play out
so I just got my package from China and
I ordered a few days ago it is a what I
assume is a counterfeit Samsung charger
it's free shipping of course the product
itself cost me about six or seven bucks
and I wanted to find out what it would
cost me to return it if I was unhappy
with the product let's find out
hi how are you so I wanted to mail this
to China you could you press off okay
and how long will take to get there
about I only paid a few bucks for it cuz
I'm tryna return it back to China so it
doesn't make sense to I got what I got
it here was free shipping from China how
did it how did they does that happen
okay all right now it's too expensive in
bags okay thanks a lot
so I guess the next obvious question is
can we get out of this thing we're not
really in the treaty that is we have not
a formally approved this convention so
it doesn't appear to be binding on the
United States as a matter of
international law you know what I think
we should do is you know giving our
postal partners a reasonable notice we
should begin charging the same rates we
charge Americans for the delivery of
inbound packages it seems to me that
this is not only a fixable issue but it
is a truly bipartisan issue as
e-commerce continues to increasingly
swallow up our retail dollars putting US
companies in a level playing field with
their Chinese competitors seems like a
pretty important thing to do
