all right let's begin the week with the
New York Times a former newspaper and
that rambunctious collection of clowns
and black ERDs they call their op-ed
page we like to call it knucklehead row
this weekend the knuckleheads at
knucklehead Rowe outdid themselves in
knuckleheaded miss with an op-ed
entitled stormy Daniels feminist hero
yes I know what you're thinking you're
thinking oh Clavin you're such a funny
guy
how I love your hilarious satire and
you're good-looking too
but no so help me this is a real op-ed
by jill phillip avec miss filipova ccess
storm you stormy Daniels is a feminist
hero because she is not ashamed of being
a porn star who had an affair with a
married man and then blackmailed him and
then refused to honor the deal she
agreed to when she was paid off because
she saw an opportunity to get more money
and attention and her lack of shame for
doing these things makes her a feminist
hero because now feminists can imitate
her by doing immoral degrading
self-destructive and utterly humiliating
things without being ashamed so yay from
now on all across America New York Times
reading feminist moms and they're
absolutely miserable husbands will be
teaching their daughters to be more like
storming maybe by showing them some of
Stormies films like dripping wet sex for
young in anal and of course the
unforgettable tormented in which she
plays tormented woman in sexy number six
and sure watching movies like that may
not turn you into a strong independent
woman but at least they'll leave you
weeping over the degradation of your
gender by stormy Daniels but you know
there is one way in which stormy has
exhibited feminist independence she has
made her own choices
she chose to sleep with Trump she chose
to commit blackmail
she chose to take hush money then chose
to break her contract and make a
spectacle of herself in fact everything
that's happened to stormy is because of
something she chose so why is everyone
trying to blame Trump huh this strange
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right we got a lot to talk about and
Michael Knowles is gonna come on to talk
about us the church and college campuses
and all the craziness going on in both
places
now there's some times I come in here
after a long weekend and I I see the
machinery on fire and all our
connections are down and that you know
the copy machine is just spitting out
copies of somebody's naked backside over
and over again I think you know maybe
maybe we should have use zip recruiter
zip recruiters the place we're growing
businesses can go to hires to find the
new hires that they need zip recruiter
comm slash daily wire is the place it
sends your job to over a hundred of the
web's leading job boards and they don't
stop there with their powerful matching
technology zip recruiter scans thousands
of resumes to find people with the right
experience and invite them to apply to
your job as applications come in zip
recruiter analyzes each one and
spotlights the top candidates so you
never miss a great match the zip
recruiter is so effective that 80% of
employers who post on zip recruiter get
a quality candidate through the site
within the first day now we do that here
to accept the quality thing is all
different so with results like that it's
no wonder the zip recruiter is the
highest rating hiring site in America
and right now my listeners can try zip
recruiter for free that is a good price
free at this exclusive web address go to
zip recruiter dot-com slash daily wire
all one word that zip recruiter dot-com
slash Dai ly w ir e all one word zip
recruiter comm slash daily wire tri zip
recruiter for free it is the smartest
way to hire so we got a lot of things
going on over this this what truly was a
Clavin last weekend Senator John McCain
died there was a shooting in in Florida
at a gaming place and even at Nielsen
and died we shouldn't let that go
unmentioned Neil Simon one of the kind
of great comedy writers of the last
generation kind of he became obsolete as
Woody Allen and irony came in on board
but he created the Odd Couple he did a
lot of he was one of the writers on your
show of shows back in the day so he was
really a major force in comedy he died
at 91 but I want to talk about McCain's
death yeah before I talk about McCain's
death and and the shooting a little bit
I just want to talk about the reaction
to it because I'm sure you're listening
to other shows I'm sure you've heard the
news you know who John McCain is you
know he died you know that is a sad
thing man was a patriot and a hero no
question about it it is sad when a a man
like that passes it was in his 80s he
said he had been blessed with a life
full of blessings certainly a life of
importance and fulfillment and so it you
know he said himself that this was you
know death comes nobody gets out of here
alive as he said and I think that we
understand that so I don't think I have
to talk that much about that but what I
do want to talk about this is the
structure of our reaction you know a lot
of times when I go around talking to
conservatives trying to get them more
interested in the culture because I feel
the culture affects attitudes over the
course of 20 years down the line and
when you get to that place and it's all
a big emergency because people are
voting for a president who says he's
gonna fundamentally transform the
greatest country on Earth it's too late
you know it's too late to to change
things so you got to get involved in the
culture now one of the things I always
tell people is that conservative culture
doesn't look like conservative life in
conservative life you try to be true to
your wife you try to do the right thing
but sometimes when you're watching the
culture a show about a gangster like The
Sopranos can can show those values in
operation by showing the opposite of
those values at work and one of the
points I always make about The Sopranos
is that David Chase who created the
Sopranos had worked in TV all his life
and I think that he understood that the
structure of a TV story is different
than the structure of all other stories
the classical Western story in the
classical Western story a man enters a
situation or a woman enters a situation
that is perfectly designed to touch it
his personal tragic flaws or comic
peccadilloes and because of that the
situation goes through an arc in which
the character is some in some way
transformed or simply killed by
the situation that he's in in this
unique way that somehow speaks into the
heart of all people but which David just
under Chase understood is that the
television show actually has a
television series actually has a
structure that's more like life in a
television series the person remains the
same but the events change so he keeps
doing the same thing over and over again
if he's a detective
he solves crimes if he's a dad in a
situation comedy he deals with hilarious
family upsets but the thing goes on and
on again and it's just the same person
never changing always doing the same
thing I think it occurred to David Chase
that this is hell this is what hell
looks like you're always the same and
you're always doing the same things over
and over again and that is why he put
Tony Soprano this evil gangster into
hell and I think it's a very moral show
because of that but when I look at
social media and when I look at the news
media reacting to an event like Senator
McCain's death I feel like I'm in hell I
feel like America has now entered a
social media and news media hell where
every event just repeats the same
pattern again and again a man like
McCain dies we all know that over and
above our disagreements with him over
and above personal traits that we might
have disliked over and above the
mistakes he made there was a man here
was an American man and to say somebody
as an American man is high praise to say
somebody is a man who operated as a man
and as an American at the same time for
all of his life that to me is high
praise because what of them what America
stands for and what McCain stands for so
what's your immediate reaction he dies
you didn't know him you're not grieving
in your heart but you send out a tweet
that says r.i.p what k write that last
that message lasts for five minutes on
Twitter or on Facebook people saying
respectful things and goodbye to this
guy I'm in the politics start and they
are all it's always the same thing there
are a couple of people who climb out
from under the rocks and start saying no
no not alright better than L okay those
are the people who climb up from under
the rocks those are one thing but it's
then the other people who say start
using their tribute to McCain as a way
to show that other people are not paying
tribute to McCain in quite the way they
should be
or they want to show you how McCain was
something that Donald Trump is not now
that's mostly on the left what they do
you know the on the left the only good
Republican is a dead Republican repay
hate Ronald Reagan
they hate george w bush he's a nazi they
hated john mccain they called him racist
they called him oh they always loved him
when he wasn't running against one of
theirs because then he was kind of a
moderate republican who would cross the
aisle who did do things that drove the
right crazy he was not a big right
winger he was not a big conservative
except in very small ways but he was
always annoying the base and so the left
love them for that but the minute he was
running against Barack Obama oh how old
he was he was so old and wasn't that a
racist you know whistle and and now
suddenly he's dead if only if only the
Republicans were like John McCain what a
wonderful American he was whatever and
so they used the guy's death as
immediately as a political attack and
then of course the people on the other
side start saying we're on our side they
start saying hey wait a minute wait a
minute you're praising him now cuz he's
dead but you didn't praise him when he
was alive here's I let me tweet your
news story where you said this I mean
Don Lemon especially was like you know
he was you know that thing Don Lemon
does were so sincere and so you know and
now he was one of the guys saying you
know that question about John McCain is
wasn't he really a racist wasn't he
really you know starting this racist
thing so the guy's death becomes a
political battleground and personally I
personally feel that if I send out a
tweet saying what I would normally say
which is you know an American man a big
loss or I piece McCain I feel like I'm
virtuous signal II and I feel like I'm
saying see folks this is how it's done
and you stink you know you say you
cannot even say you cannot even return
return to the normal the normal ways we
would approach death here's the thing
about death okay death is appalling if
you don't know this it's because you're
young young people don't have to know
this but because they don't know it they
should be reading great work you should
read the newspaper but they should also
be reading Shakespeare they should also
be reading the Greek tragedy you've got
to learn that this is what life is about
life is its life just like Donald Trump
doesn't take place in a world that
doesn't have Democrat
he's part of a world that has other life
takes place in the shadow of appalling
death it completely erases people from
the face of the earth and that's
appalling and so when we see death and
when we realize death is our common goal
we stop a minute you know there's
nothing wrong with stopping a minute and
saying ah let us take the best look at
this man's life because when we go and
guess what we will we want people to do
that for us because we all make mistakes
we all have people who hate us just a
minute just a minute to pause and and
it's not you know here's a here's a time
you know what I think about the
mainstream media you know how corrupt I
think they are but here's a place where
I feel that the people who attacked
Senator McCain on political grounds and
then praised him at his death we're not
doing anything wrong you know I had a
friend a next-door neighbour who and we
were good friends and we would play
tennis together and he was a liberal and
we would fight like cats and dogs in
fact cats and dogs had nothing on us I
mean we would scream and we would he
would come over at my house and I would
go over his out we would sit at the
dinner table and we would scream at each
other I remember once getting so angry I
actually slapped the table with my hand
at a day you know there's a dinner
there's over civilized there and then at
some point in the conversation every
single time we would stop we would calm
down we would raise a glass and we would
say praise God we live in a country
where you and I can sit and say these
things to one another and still be
friends and and nobody comes and tells
us what to say and that was our that was
a big part of our relationship and it
was good for both of us to have hear the
other side from somebody we respected
and like my friend got cancer and it
wasn't just cancer was a death sentence
they told him you got a year that's it
it's over and I would obviously I would
still see him I'd still invite him over
and we'd bump into each other even as he
got too weak to visit and I he would
still try to start political arguments
with me and I couldn't argue with him I
couldn't do it because I just felt you
know you're dying don't think about this
anymore you're leaving this behind and
when he died I realized I was wrong
I should have argued with him because as
long as you're alive you're in the fight
as long as you're alive you are in the
fight it is right to fight I mean it is
it's it's dead people who stop fighting
you know living people have to fight for
what they think is right what they think
is good so I I have nothing against the
left for
saying that oh I hate McCain or I like
McCain when he's not running against
Obama Knowles and then praising him and
and I got nothing against people who
said you know like me who died I
disagreed with a lot of what John McCain
did I thought he made life too personal
I made politics too personal I thought
he was wrong to come and vote against
the repeal of Obamacare when he ran on
the repeal of Obamacare he I thought
McCain Feingold was a atrocity and all
this but I realized that when this guy
dies he stopped for a minute and
remember what he was you know let's go
back to his acceptance of the nomination
when he was running for president and he
talked about how he got caught in how he
was captured in Vietnam and they came to
him and they offered him his release
because his father was an important
Admiral and they knew it would be a good
it would be good politics to offer him a
release here is a John McCain ah you
know John McCain's sit up and he talked
about the fact that they came to him and
they said they said we'll let you go and
he said you know the rule is that I will
not go until you let the people who were
captured before me go I mean that's an
amazing thing to have said and he you
stayed and after that they started to
just absolutely brutalize him I was in
solitary confinement when my captors
offered to release me I knew why if I
went home they would use it as
propaganda to demoralize my fellow
prisoners our code said we could only go
home in the order of our capture and
there were men who had been shot down
long before me I thought about it though
I wasn't in great shape and I missed
everything about America but I turned it
down a lot of prisoners had it a lot
worse than I did I'd been mistreated
before but not as badly as many others I
always liked to strut a little after I
had been roughed up to show the other
guys I was tough enough to take it but
after I turned down their offer they
worked me over harder than they ever had
before
a long time and they broke when they
brought me back to my cell I was hurt
and ashamed and I didn't know how I
could face my fellow prisoners the good
man in the cell next door to me my
friend Bob Kramer saved me two taps on a
wall he told me I had fought as hard as
I could
no man can always stand alone and then
he told me to get back up and fight
again for my country and for the men I
had the honor to serve with because
every day they fought for me this is not
insane courage and insane patriotism and
he says that he learned to love America
in another country's prison he learned
he said after that moment after he had
sacrificed himself he was know his life
was no longer his own it belonged to
America and that's an amazing you know
when somebody says that when people got
all upset at Donald Trump for saying you
know I prefer my my war heroes to have
not been captured or whatever it was he
said that's why that's why they said
that you know they said it because they
said it because that was a small mean
thing to say but this is not the time
you know the New York Times op-ed what
like all they had in that op-ed were
just relentless attacks on Donald Trump
this isn't even the time to remember
what Donald Trump said it's not that
time it is not that time it now is the
time to sit and remember who McCain was
and what he did and that and that's you
know that's so simple it's so simple but
we can't do it and the same is true the
same is true in this shooting that took
place there playing and video games in a
contest in Florida it was there playing
Madden so it's not a violent video game
is nothing like this going on and one of
the kids who was playing or he wasn't a
kid he was a young man was playing he
lost he went home got a gun and opened
fire killed two people wounded 10 or 11
I think still you know how the numbers
haven't quite come in and immediately we
do the same thing thoughts and prayers
Oh thoughts and prayers aren't enough
you need you need you know gun reform
what guns are the part the point
we've got to do it right now while
everybody's panicked and we'll make
mistakes you know you know this is not
the time yes this is the time and of
course Dana lash Oh like it's like
everybody on earth has to call Dana lash
a word I can't even like indicate on
this this program they just come out
with this until that puts up a screen
shot of people saying the only way these
people learn meaning NRA supporters
learn is if it affects them directly so
if Dana lash has to have our children
murdered before she'll understand I
guess that's what needs to happen
Dana lashes children have to be murdered
there's on Twitter so she writes to
Twitter and says you know this my
children were threatened on Twitter and
Twitter says yeah this doesn't violate
our standards it doesn't violate our
standards you know Alex Jones violates
their standards cuz they did eventually
start to delay and they didn't totally
pull him down but that so so it's it's
like hell it's the same thing repeating
over and over again it's every time
there's a shooting every time a
prominent person dies we have to watch
this this charade go on where we descend
into like this rage and hatred I mean
it's it's not healthy it's not good you
know it's not it's not a good thing for
us to be doing again we should be
fighting we should be fighting because
we disagree but we should be able to
stop just for a minute just for a day
one day the world is not going to go
away in a day all our troubles will
still be here tomorrow if we take a
minute and salute the guy you know I
mean and all these all our troubles will
still be here tomorrow if we take a
minute and say thoughts and prayers for
the people who were killed in Florida
you know that's all it takes that's all
it takes and this hell so why why are we
in hell why are we stuck in this in this
ground and I think the reason is
actually pretty simple I think it's
because we aren't talking about the
thing we actually disagree about which
is the base line the base line of our
disagreement one side believes in what
America was made to be what it was made
by the founders to be very simple very
simple the founders said we want people
to be free we don't want them taxed
without representation we don't want
them told what to do by distant rulers
who don't have their interests
at heart how do we do that knowing
knowing that men are not angels knowing
that they need a government knowing that
people in power want more power
knowing that government grows how do we
stop it
from it's in consuming this moment of
freedom that is created as if by God on
the planet this moment when we can
invent individual freedom and they did
it by inventing this kind of Rube
Goldberg does anybody remember what a
Rube Goldberg machine is yeah okay it's
like mousetrap that game mouse trap got
one thing knocked overnight they
invented this Rube Goldberg machine to
keep freedom alive have the basis of
power fighting with each other have the
judiciary ruling over them you know
whether things our Constitution have the
Constitution guide all and protect the
minority have the president have certain
powers but only certain powers have the
federal government have powers and the
state have powers make sure everybody
has guns so they can kill each other if
they disagree you know that is basically
this is kind of rickety old machine that
they built that has worked for over 200
years amazingly I mean it is the longest
lasting Constitution on the face of the
planet so one side of us is saying one
side is saying you know I mean this is
why when it comes to the Supreme Court
it is not a fair argument one side is
saying we want our Supreme Court guys to
go in there and give us rights to
abortion and to give us rights to gay
marriage and the other side is saying
hey that's not the question the question
is will you do your job in the Rube
Goldberg machine will you do your little
piece and knock over the marble that
flows down here so we can make the laws
in our localities but you will keep the
Machine alive
by upholding the Constitution that's the
difference between us and if we're not
talking about that difference we're not
talking about anything if we're talking
about abortion we don't agree on
abortion I get it but do we agree on the
Supreme Court's role on abortion that's
the question that we're never talking
about the other side is saying we want
to fundamentally transform this country
we want to find you no ears here's a
perfect example all these Socialists who
are springing up on the ignorant left
these idiots like Alexandria Google eyes
Cortez with just the head like every
time she opens her mouth I sit there
going like you know girl go to college I
mean get it get a degree in something
other than leftism you because you don't
know what you're talking about
let's say we agree on capitalism why
because capitalism keeps us free you I
may
something you choose whether you want to
give me money for it or not very simple
the government doesn't tell you what it
should cost we agree between each other
what it should cost it keeps people free
it's free markets with free choices
that's why we love it and it only works
if you leave and it protects your right
to property which is there was property
or properties the result of your time
your time is what your life is made of
so it protects the right to property if
we agree on that and we say you know
what we can do so much good buy a little
social spending that we're going to
violate the rules of capitalism to have
a little bit of welfare a little bit of
programs that get people out of they get
you know just a couple of things and we
say well that does violate our
principles but maybe you know maybe just
to all get along and maybe because it'll
do some good maybe we'll agree to some
of that social spending to keep
capitalism a lot if we both agree that
capitalism is the baseline then we're
arguing about how much can we have
before we start to damage capitalism how
much good can we do by violating the
principle of your property rights I'm
taking you're right I'm taking your
earned property away and saying that I
know how to spend it better than you
that's a form of slavery right the state
is saying give me that money that you
earned and I'm gonna spend it because
you would just spend it on a restaurant
or a local business or give it to
charity but no no I'm the expert I know
better than you and I'm gonna do this
when we argue in those terms when we
both agree on the baseline we can have
that argument we can make some
compromises I'll stand down a little bit
I won't be absolute about my principles
because we're all living in the same
country but when you tell me when I know
that your ultimate goal is to destroy
the free-market system and every single
thing you say is a step toward that goal
and I will have none of it if I know
that you want to take guns away so I can
no longer defend my freedom from my home
every single restriction you want
whether it's on bump stocks whether it's
on bazookas whether it's on nuclear
weapons every single step you take is
wrong see if you say you know what I
favor the Second Amendment I will write
it down I will never stop favoring the
second menu have the right here is a
reason why there might be a restriction
and maybe we can talk but how can we
talk how can we have a conversation
if I know I know you were trying to
destroy the very system that gave us
everything that we have if you're trying
to destroy the capitalism if you're
trying to destroy the gun rights if
you're trying to destroy the First
Amendment which is the big one for me I
will Donald Trump can pay off the entire
rockettes
if he wants if you are not for the First
Amendment if you're Facebook and you're
taking down Dennis Prager if you're
Google and you're putting all the
liberal answers cut to have them all
come up first in your algorithm if you
are the Democrats and voting to rewrite
the First Amendment if you're the
mainstream media and you are lying every
single day in order to keep conservative
voices off the air and demonize them
Donald Trump can pick sleep with every
single Rockette and pay him off and I
don't give a damn so we have nothing to
talk about because we're not talking
about the thing we disagree on we're not
you know I can sit I can sit with all
kinds of liberals and have all kinds of
discussions I was talking about my late
friend and how we'd have these
discussions because we loved the country
we loved what the country was we were
arguing to get the cunt make the country
its best self as the founders imagined
it if at any point he had said to me
what we really need to be is social we
wouldn't have been able to just talk
about it anymore we would have just
played tennis you know I really all want
to move on to talking about this scandal
in the Catholic Church but I want to
bring on knowles because knowles
actually is a believer in the catholic
church and he has a very insightful take
on this i know it's hard to believe
we're talking about knowles but it's
absolutely true
but i got to say goodbye to Facebook and
to youtube and come on over so please
come on over the daily wire comm and
subscribe you should be giving us your
money why because we want it so much
also for just ten bucks a month and a
hundred bucks for the year you get to be
in the mail bag you get banned you get
Knolls you get me and for 100 bucks you
get the leftist tears tumblr which is
all you really need Michel moles coming
up
how you doing hey hey I can't believe
that's the nicest thing you ever said
about mere occasions I have almost some
insight it may be it may be that we went
to watch the the Meg yesterday and the
film was so bad that everything you said
afterwards just seemed brilliant to me
so I you know drew but this isn't matter
and I suppose we can get to this when we
talk about the church I think I just
have lower expectations than you because
when I left the Megillah I could think
is well that was better than its I'm
sorry to bother you it was at least
better than that I think once you have
seen I'm sorry to bother you everything
seems better so I and by the way by the
way I just to put in a quick plug
because it's not time yet we're bringing
out the second season of another Kingdom
that's right on in October but but it'll
be out in October and we are recording
it now and you have done almost almost
halfway I guess next week we'll get
through the first half and I will also
say you are doing a spectacular job
you're probably great thank you very
much it is always really nice I do I
don't recommend the job of being an
actor because when you're a working
actor it's very hard but I will say when
you are working it's great because
someone gives you the words and you just
say I can I could see though that you
were in your element because you were
you had the entire room and absolute
stitches and that was before we started
shooting so thanks Lana never met a
camera I didn't like get out of here you
know I didn't get a chance to get
through this thing with the church so
I'm going to put it on you because you
really have been keeping up with it and
it is your church what what happened in
this latest letter from the nunzio and
what is annunzio goals
well news EO is my uncle you know my
uncle back in the Bronx the Messiah is
the papal representative to the United
States so the nun CEO that we're talking
about here a Cardinal Carlo Maria Vigano
was the Vatican's representative to the
United States and let's not forget the
United States and Germany basically fund
the Catholic Church okay this is a very
important high-level Vatican position in
the in the Catholic Church there aren't
many things that are unprecedented we've
had popes kidnapped before an army they
you know there's a lot of things this is
an
unprecedented event in the history of
the Catholic Church you have a top-level
Vatican official accusing the Pope of
covering up sex abuse of undoing
punishments that were put on an abusive
Cardinal by Pope Benedict of undoing
that and actually giving that Cardinal a
lot more power and you have this top
Vatican official Cardinal Vigo no
calling on the Pope to resign Wow this
is all but earth-shattering news now the
New York Times a former newspaper
reported this today as he began oh is
that how you pronounce it vegan oh yeah
you know vegan oh is an enemy of this
wonderful liberal Pope and these are
unsubstantiated charges is that a fair
characterization it's as fair as
anything else in the new york has that
man with faint praise that's absurd
certainly one could say that vegan oh is
is more conservative or has been a
critic of aspects of Francis's papacy
but then who among us hasn't been a
critic of Francis's and papacy he has
Pro Francis has bred a lot of confusion
in the church he seems to contradict
millennia of doctrine and he's also been
very dismissive not only to his critics
but to young Catholics who desire
orthodoxy and liturgical seriousness he
is dismissed young Catholics who prefer
older forms of liturgy as too rigid and
he's suggested that there's some
psychological problem with these young
Catholics and this is why while
conservative churches thrive and liberal
churches like the Episcopal Church of
anning off the face of the earth well
that's exactly right the Catholic Church
will be the Catholic Church or there
won't be a Catholic right there's a note
you cannot water it down the pews empty
so I think that is very unsure edible
from the New York Times if not
higher-ups in the clergy but also this
this report has been substantiated
he's named people here Monsignor Jean
Francois lanthum who was a counselor to
the annunciate in the United States was
asked for comment on this his reply to
the media is vegan Oh said the truth
that's all and this is an 11 page
document that was not given flippantly
like some comments of the Pope to to
media outlets on on airplanes and
she shops this is this was well thought
out this was well planned and there's
nothing to be gained here some some
people like The Times want to say that
this is a power-play for this Cardinal
the cordon was retired coordinate vegan
OHS retired yes nothing personally to
gain from this but I think he's
unburdening his conscience here there's
you know I've been getting some flak
through emails telling me that I sound
anti-catholic and you know I I think you
know that I am pro Catholic in fact that
I think the church is the Catholic
Church is an enormous ly important
priesthood I think you're one benedict
away one benedict know if they they
strike that too they had two incredible
homeruns and then they have a swung and
missed them all yeah but but I think the
thing is I I do believe that as Western
civilization is tottering teetering on
the brink I do believe that priesthoods
are immensely important to restore our
faith and to bring people back to God
and I'm not against the Catholicism I am
appalled like for instance the Pope
responded to this on the plane you know
coming back from Ireland Ireland which
in my lifetime was one of the most
Catholic countries on earth but which
just voted to legalize abortion with
people flying in fine home from across
the world coming back because they hate
the church so much they're so ticked off
and out at these abuses in the church
that took place some of which took place
in Ireland the Pope responded to this
letter by saying basically I have no
comment I mean is that fair I mean is
that a fair right I just find that
appalling that's exactly what he said it
was it was actually even more on point
than that he said I will not say one
word about this I think the statement
speaks for itself and you have
sufficient journalistic capacity to
reach your own conclusion and it's
amazing how when when the Pope wants to
apparently we don't know because we're
not in the conversations with
journalists but when he's when it's
being reported that the Pope is speaking
freely questioning millennia of church
doctrine he's perfectly willing to speak
he's loquacious he's verbose but when it
comes to direct charges he will not
respond and this goes back further than
just Vega knows letter A for prominent
Cardinals in the church sent Dubya to
the to the Pope v Dubya five questions
including at two of those ordinals are
now dead
but including Cardinal Burke who is
considered a conservative Cardinal very
serious high ranking official in the
church and five questions about what the
Pope said in apostolic letters that seem
to promote heresy and he's never
responded to those questions
he will not respond to his critics and
and this is a real outrage because this
Pope has called for transparency
he's always talking about transparency
in the media he's always talking about
the how awful clericalism is how we need
to stop all of the clericalism and then
what do we get as a response to him he
tells the the bishops he tells his
critics he tells the public to pounce
and I won't answer these these doubts
this is really horrifying behavior so
the guy is calling for his resignation
and and he's not alone right there are
other people calling for the Pope's
resignation but I cannot imagine this
Pope resigning so I don't think that's
gonna happen what do you think will
happen well far be it from me to tell
the Holy Father what to do but he has
said before he actually said back in May
that he believes that bishops should
know when it's time to leave including
the Pope they should know when it's time
to leave and retire this fueled in the
conspiracy theory realm this fueled
speculation that Pope Benedict was
pushed out although nobody has any hard
evidence of that but this is another
example of perhaps the Holy Father might
take his own advice he wants
transparency he wants an end to
clericalism and he thinks that bishops
including the Bishop of Rome should
retire and not die in office perhaps he
if these allegations are true if the
nunzio's statement is true then perhaps
the Pope might take his own advice Wow
Wow all right so speaking of
institutions that have been infiltrated
by people we disapprove of that let's
talk for a minute about college campuses
because over the last weeks they've been
like just few weeks they've been is
incredible number of stories of this not
only attempts to infiltrate the colleges
but just the fact that they've already
been infiltrated coming to light I mean
it I saw this article about socialists
saying we've got to move into the school
really couldn't believe it this is this
is great because this is from the young
democratic socialists of America okay I
didn't know there were old Democratic
social I thought that I thought
occasional Cortes was the oldest one her
and Grandpa Bernie but the Democratic
socialists of America they've now said
we need to move into the schools and
this is unsurprising via the socialists
don't know anything about history fifty
years ago because they they're gonna
displace the socialist in the school
yeah moving socialist the old socialists
of America clearly succeeded because the
young socialists don't know about their
own history but it's pretty interesting
what they said they said we've got to
move in here because it is because
education is a strategic sector this it
goes without saying they point out that
education is well paid now often we hear
about teachers not being paid very much
it is worth pointing out in places like
West Virginia which has some of the
lowest teacher pay in the country
teachers are often among the most well
paid members of their community which
was pointed out by the Democratic
socialists
they also say that teachers have
virtually ironclad job security true so
if they if they have all of this job
security this is why the socialists are
opposing charter schools they're
supporting teacher unions they are
attacking any chance that a young person
might have to get an education or to
have upward mobility they're trying to
cut off early on and it makes sense
because they can't win in the court of
public opinion
this is well this is the thing I mean it
seems to me add immediate giveaway an
immediate giveaway if you say this is my
opinion and all other opinions either
must be silenced I'll a Facebook and
Twitter or you say any other opinion is
hateful or literally Hitler you don't
have an argument if you can't sit down
and argue you don't have and I was
talking about this earlier the real
problem is not that they don't have an
argument but if they make their argument
nobody will everyone will be horrified
because their real argument is to
destroy American freedom and that's what
the argument they don't want to make so
they have to silence you before you
challenge them that's exactly right they
can't you know they've got they pick on
someone their own size
yeah but this this goes you know their
campus reform is one of the great
websites for this and they they didn't
this wasn't an academic study but they
went out with a cameron they talked to
students in New York after Andrew Cuomo
the governor said America was never
great and they asked these students what
do you think and all the students said
yeah America was never great and a
number of them said yeah we don't think
America was ever great because we were
taught in schools we know the truth we
had a progressive education so we know
the truth and that's of course the case
if you're going to replace textbooks
with Howard Zinn why would you think
that America is great I almost don't
blame this generation for their
socialism and for their anti-americanism
they're just so ignorant it's it's
interesting that states funded schools
are teaching them we need a bigger state
and it never occurs to them to question
that it's like it's as if it's as if
like schools you know funded by AT&T
we're seeing you know how we save this
as let AT&T take over the world yeah I'm
never going yes now I know the truth
it's an AT&T must rule the world I mean
there's an amazing they're not
considering those sources here and and
there's an amazing study it was just out
today I think was from the University of
San Diego that a third of American
teenagers have not read a book in the
past year now one has to wonder about
this well third of it statistically all
American teenagers are supposed to be in
school virtually all of them yeah and
they haven't read a book in the past
year perhaps there's not something not
only wrong with the culture in the
generation perhaps there's something
wrong with the education yeah it does
look that way all right listen I got to
go but tell me what's gonna be on your
show today so we're gonna go in there's
a lot more to be said about this
Catholic scandal yeah we're going to be
going very in-depth on it and asking
what did the Pope know and when did he
know it then we'll also be talking about
corruption at the federal level in
American politics we're have eric Agra's
on to talk about his new book on how the
left steals elections and how they're
gonna steal the next one oh cool you
know I will I will therefore forward all
my your anti-catholic letters to you
from now very good how is all of you and
my role is laying
yeah all right thanks a lot Mills I
appreciate it Sidra unbelievable you
know I always compare if you've seen
I've talked about this before but you've
seen men in black where the alien comes
and devours the guy puts on his skin and
kind of walks around shambling around
you can tell there's an alien inside the
guy Seguin buddy sort of still sort of
looks like a human being that is what
the left us to every institution they
whether it's the New York Times which
really did used to be a newspaper used
to be a good you know a little left to
Center but still a good solid newspaper
it's now just a shambling ruin of an
institution Yale University so many
universities that used to be respectable
are now teaching children ignorant you
can't come in and we will make you
ignorant and you know I hope they save
the Catholic Church because I think we
need it desperately but right this
minute it is not looking as good as it
should all right let's look through our
crappy culture
so CNN and just about everybody else had
a bombshell report as they were always
refer to it I like when they say that
bah it's a bombshell because they're
telling you you know it's like should be
me shouldn't be me deciding it's a
bombshell shouldn't I look at it and say
they hey this is a bombshell but
whenever they say bombshell you know I
think like alright I'll be the I'm the
reader I'll be the judge of that but
they call it a bombshell this was last
week Michael Cohen who you know right
the lawyer who has a you know quote
flipped on Donald Trump here I'll read
it I'll read you the CNN report Michael
Cohen president Donald Trump's former
personal attorney claims that then
candidate Trump knew in advance about
the June 2016 meeting in Trump Tower in
which Russians were expected to offer
his campaign dirt on Hillary Clinton
sources with knowledge tell CNN Cohen
Cohen is willing to make that assertion
to special counsel robert muller thus
sources said Cohen's claim would
contradict repeated denials by Trump
Donald Trump jr. their lawyers and other
administration officials who have said
that the president knew nothing about
the Trump Tower meeting until he was
approached about it by the New York
Times now this is Lanny Davis is Michael
Cohen's lawyer and he goes on TV on all
the shows that he can get on and he
takes it back he says this is what he's
saying just to make it clear that this
was an untrue story but because he was
involved in a legal case he couldn't
come out and say so he couldn't correct
it the reporting of this story got mixed
up and in the course of a criminal
investigation we were not the source of
the story and in the quest of a criminal
investigation the advice we were given
those of us dealing with the media is
that we could not do anything other than
stay silent so can you say now whether
in fact Michael Cohen has in Bishan the
president Trump was aware other before
the Trump Tower meeting that Don junior
was part of with the Russian attorney
claiming to be part from the Kremlin
with dirt on Hillary Clinton other than
that Michael Cohen has information the
president knew about it in advance or
knew about it immediately after senator
Burr and Senator Warner read the answer
to the question about his testimony
which is that he said he was not aware
ahead of time and did not hear anything
to the contrary and that was the
testimony before the Senate as well as
the house intelligence committees and he
said that that testimony was accurate
so Michael Cohen does not have
information that President Trump knew
about the Trump Tower meeting with the
Russians beforehand or you know does not
the story is untrue and nobody picked
this up I mean Bret Baier was going nuts
prepare the last honest man on
television it was going absolutely
creaking up this story
CNN issues a statement we stand by our
story and are confident in our reporting
of it the story except except for the
fact that it was untrue we got
everything right except for the facts
that was it so you know there have been
zero mistakes let's count them zero
that's how many mistakes that have been
that have benefited Donald Trump there
have been zero errors that have
benefited Donald Trump or make put
Donald Trump in a good light and you
know CNN had to come in and say oh we're
sorry we put Donald Trump in a good
light but really he did something wrong
let's count them again zero that's it
none right but they keep making mistakes
all the mistakes are on one side all of
us and they never get corrected and you
see him on Twitter the mistake gets you
know 50,000 hits and the correction gets
200 you know this happens again and
again and again I want to play a piece
by Chuck Todd of Chuck Todd he's talking
to CBN's David Brody and CBN is this
Christian Broadcasting Network right
it's a fairly conservative Network David
Brody is explaining to him is explaining
to Chuck Todd this is on Meet the Press
right so this is not MSNBC Chuck Todd
this is NBC Chuck Todd is we're supposed
to be able to tell the difference right
but Brody is explaining to him why we'll
support Donald Trump as long as we know
you're lying you know as long as you're
lying what difference does it make what
you say and listen to Todd's reaction I
think one of the one of the best things
going in Donald Trump's favor we know
this is the mainstream media I hate to
say it I know I'm sitting on a Meet the
Press Roundtable but the truth of the
matter is 62 percent think the media's
by so in other words if you look at the
approval rating of Donald Trump already
conservative echo-chamber created that
environment it's not it's not no no I
mean yeah it has been a
tactic and a tool of the roger ailes
creative yeah so let's not pretend it's
not anything other than that well hang
on yes and no because remember the
independence in our part of Donald Trump
space and I think that's very important
times we say Republicans or Donald Trump
space not really there no it's a
separate Trump it is a different version
of the Republic those independents also
distrust media this is not just
Republicans
it is many Americans across no no I take
your point I'm just saying it was a
creation it was a campaign tactic it's
not like based in my it's a guy smacking
Todd in the face with the truth like a
water balloon like throwing that water
balloon in the face of a clown and Chuck
Todd is just no no no no Fox makes it
all up
ooh Fox Fox with its three million views
oh fuck you know Fox is what it is
because it gives us a different point of
view that's the only reason it is what
it is you guys are jet fuel Travis jet
fuel defect here's what I just want to
ask I know I pick on the press a lot
because they're lying scum but but
here's what I want to say just imagine
for a minute imagine for a minute what
America would look like if the press
were honest not for Trump not against
Trump just reporting the facts just
letting on enough voices on the right to
counter the voices on the left just
putting people in the chairs where the
editorial decisions to make who have
voted for all kinds of different people
were of at least voted for both parties
both major parties I would settle for
that imagine what America would look
like then then we could start having the
conversation that has to be had when now
when Chuck Todd delivers the news my
feeling is I don't believe you I do not
believe you I mean I just don't no
matter what he says even when he does
get it right and they do get it right
I'm not saying they don't why should I
believe them when I know they are
constantly spinning constantly lying
constantly skewing the facts what would
our country be like what would Twitter
be like what would face be book be like
if everyone spoke and at least the two
major parties at least the two major
sides were allowed to speak equally
without being demonized I think we would
be much better friends all of us all
right I got to say goodbye we got more
coming though the week has just begun we
are out of the Clavin las' weekend and
into the Clavin week I
Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew Clavin
show and we'll see you again tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer Austen Stevens
edited by Alex zingaro audio is mixed by
Mike Carmina
hair and makeup is by Jesuit vera and
our animations are by Cynthia Angulo and
Jacob Jackson the Andrew Clavin show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
