my goal every day is to tell you exactly
what I think that can be very dangerous
and so my wife's fear from the get-go is
like we're talking right now and
everybody's listening if this camera
went off what I'm saying to you and
hopefully our conversation would be no
different if we were sitting down and
just relaxing and watching a game
together so there when I talk for three
hours every morning on the radio I try
to talk like I'm sitting at a bar
watching games with guys right that's my
target audience and I hope women are
entertained by it too but you know 90%
of my audience gonna be guys who like
sports and so I try to be as honest as I
can and my wife's fear has been that the
mob is gonna come for me right like the
mob has come for other people so my
response I went downstairs and she's
like I think that's gonna be really bad
you know I think it's gonna be really
bad for us it's funny like I've been
saying thanks for going so I said you
know what wouldn't shock me if we got
invited to the Trump White House my wife
voted for Hillary Clinton so I was like
you go to the White House right and and
I didn't vote for Trump I voted for for
Garry Johnson but I you know I'm not a
like a I'm not an anti like Trump strike
driving me crazy
you know we were having an argument
about whether you have an obligation to
go to the White House regardless of who
the president is my argument is yes if
the president wants to meet with you or
you get a chance to go at some point
shake a hand you go I've never met the
president I'd love to do it at some
point regardless of party and she's like
no I wouldn't go you know like I'm a you
know I'm a Hillary Clinton supporter
like and so we were having that
discussion and and I go downstairs and
so things have been going pretty well
and she's like I think I think this is
gonna be really bad and the truth the
matter is I almost got fired from my
radio show of this and to thankfully the
people who were in positions of power at
the radio show we're like no we're not
gonna fire him over this like it's not
it's not a major thing then first I've
been saying that the First Amendment in
boobs is a funny line to me because if I
just say I'm a First Amendment
absolutist it goes over everybody's head
right because it's such a it's such a
cliche to say that really it's when you
unpack it that it makes sense so I
thought you know it's like the great
line from Slingblade back in the day
like and I'll probably get trouble for
this but I think like the character said
I got an issue with midgets and antiques
right it's amazing combination like two
things that don't really fit together
like if you just said I have an issue
with midgets you'd be like that's kind
of weird I just have a thing with
antiques it's the juxtaposition of two
incongruous pairings so to me that kind
of made it funny and interesting and so
and so when I said it I'd say don't
CNN the day before like I didn't think
it was remotely controversial but when
she reacted
I am a don't slow down I'm gonna go full
speed ahead and keep saying it she
wanted me to apologize like as a woman I
was like would be sexist if I was
talking differently to a woman right
that's my argument I try to talk the
exact same to die girl everybody else
and and the folks on CNN drop language
that and the crazy thing was Hugh Hefner
died a couple right exactly and there's
anybody who loves the marriage that
evident boobs that is right and a CNN
was lionizing the guy they were talking
about how much they loved I'm like how
can you ban me for basically saying in
in you know three words the entire
philosophy of Hugh Hefner right I mean
it was just the pushing the Pearl column
was just saying on the part of these
folks in the media and it was it was all
wise again I mean these are people who
were like Kathy Griffin was simulating
oral sex on national television on New
Year's Eve with members of the CNN crew
and they're and they're getting on your
case for spelling they were they were
smoking weed live on the air in the most
recent and and and Brooke Baldwin said
like this she has bigger balls than Don
Lemon is right I'm fine like if you want
to climb the outrage culture in general
drives me insane but that was just such
right frankly bull like I mean there is
no truth to it at all
