consent that is the one moral rule that
we have that that we have maintained
when it comes to sex consent is the only
moral rule that we still observe with
sex and so when an immoral sexual
encounter occurs even if it wasn't rape
or assault we have no language with
which to describe it I think there are
many cases where a sexual assualt of
sexual encounter
and all we all instinctively recognize
that it that it was immoral that there's
something wrong with it
but because we've gotten rid of the
whole idea of sexual morality we just
have no way to describe it we don't know
what to do with it and so we take the
one sexual moral rule that we still have
and we apply it to that situation
because it's all we've got even if it's
even if it's not appropriate in that
case because we have no basis for
condemning any sexual encounter unless
the sexual encounter was non-consensual
so we end up just calling all of these
things non-consensual even if it was
consensual even if both people involved
chose to do this thing in our minds we
have really two categories there are
non-consensual sex which is bad and then
we have consensual sex which we think is
always good that's what we that's what
we've that's what the culture says it's
what we've allotted us have most of us
it seems like that's the idea that we
have so as long as they're consenting
adults who choose to do this thing then
it must be okay but the reality is that
there's a lot of bad sex there's a lot
of immoral sex there's a lot of
disordered gross harmful sex that is
nonetheless consensual
all of the cases that I mentioned all
the cases I mentioned they're all
immoral bad gross harmful
but they're not all rape some of them
were
at all of them
