so obviously sexual abuse has been in
the news quite a bit recently with all
the things going on in Hollywood and
other industries and then the Catholic
Church and now there is you know it
seems like every other week there's
another story this time it's it's Asia
Argento the Italian model an actress who
was one of the original me two Crusaders
and who now stands accused of sexual
assault herself after it was revealed
that she had sex with a 17 year old guy
California is one of the very few places
in North America where the age of
consent is 18 almost everywhere at 17 or
16 and this happened in California so it
it's a crime now and she should face the
legal penalties because the crime is a
crime now let me tell you my concern
this is my concern I've talked about
this before but I want to go back to it
because I think it's such an important
concept and it's it's it's it's it's an
issue that I just I think we need to
work out this is what I'm worried about
I'm worried that we have turned sexual
assault into such a wide broad category
that it's losing its meaning and in the
process actual cases of rape and assault
are trivialized deprived of significance
because the word is used so often and
often to describe things that really
don't qualify I'm very concerned about
this because because of what it does to
the victims of sexual assault and how it
interferes with our ability to dialogue
about these issues and and also the
general confusion that it causes so I
think it's a problem when we talk about
the sexual assault problem there are it
seems like there are many different
types of situations that get kind of
lumped in to it it's one of the reasons
why I don't like the you know me to once
you start putting a sload one once you
take an issue a really really serious
issue like sexual assault and you put a
slogan on top of it me too that's the
slogan
well then it just it simplifies things
way too much because now you've got
you've got this this slogan this this
you know category and then all these
different kinds of things end up getting
thrown into it and they don't all belong
there they don't all belong with each
other right and it seems like in each
industry where this has where this has
been an epidemic and it's been in the
news what you find really although they
all get lumped into the same category if
it if we do have to put them in
categories it seems like there are
broadly speaking really two different
categories so in Hollywood there are the
stories of women being forcibly raped or
threatened or threatened if they don't
go along with some something and and and
there are the kind of stories you hear
about Kevin Spacey right where he's
going around groping and fondling people
against their will he's forcing himself
on fourteen-year-old kids and so forth
you have situations like with Larry
Nasser where he molested hundreds of
kids under the guise of performing
medical procedures and that kind of
thing and then obviously you have the
Catholic Church and the terrible stories
of children being raped by priests and
all of these stories are provided
they're true of course they are
clear-cut cases of rape and abuse nobody
disputes them okay that's rape abuse
assault and the in in all of those
situations if there was any justice in
America everybody involved if they're
found guilty they'd all be going to
prison forever even though that hasn't
that has only happened very rarely you
know in these situations but then you
have this this other category which gets
thrown in and conflated with all the
other ones I just mentioned so here you
have the cases in Hollywood where
actresses willingly have sexual
relationships with powerful men
sometimes for years Asia Argento herself
I believe she was in a sexual
relationship ongoing
with Harvey Weinstein for like five
years she kept going back and engaging
in this you know in this stuff with him
and they do this for the sake of movie
roles and so on and for more you know
power and clout in the industry and then
years later after getting what they want
out of it they claimed that they were
being assaulted the entire time and in
the Catholic Church you have you have
some cases where like cases involving
Cardinal McCarrick you hear about
Cardinal McCarrick and the controversy
surrounding him now there are
accusations that he molested children so
you know that's in that category but it
but that a lot of the accusations are
here about McCarrick and also with other
you know some of these other things as
well these are in some cases he's having
sex with seminarians these are grown men
who he allegedly lured into bed and then
had sex with but as a grown man if you
let another man lower you into bed and
then you willingly with no resistance
engage in sex acts with him does that
belong in the same category as the
twelve-year-old kids who are raped by
men twice their size I think clearly it
doesn't and then you also have the
accusations against a sergeant or a guy
at 17 legal age almost in almost every
state in the Union willingly has sex
with this you know 100-pound Italian
model making no effort to leave the room
or leave the situation then he comes
back blackmails her demands money for it
and gets paid and now he says he was
traumatized by his willing participation
in sex acts with a woman when he was a
few months away from his 18th birthday
does that belong in the same category as
a woman or a child who gets pinned down
and raped by a sex predator and then you
have cases on college campuses where
we're told now you know drunk sex is
rate is rape that's that's what we're
told now because if you're drunk you
can't consent so drunk sex is
automatically rape so then a woman gets
drunk and this happens all the time on
college campuses I'm sure I'm not
scandalizing you by telling you this
but what happens is people go to parties
men and women and they get drunk and and
many the people there the reason why
they're doing that is because they want
to have sex with somebody and it's part
of the reason why they go to these
parties so then you have situations
where a woman gets drunk guy gets drunk
they're both drunk they have sex they're
both eager participants in the moment
and then the next day the woman wakes up
and says that she was raped does that
belong you know with these other cases
of rape and then you have instances of
inappropriate language or conversations
in a work environment where a man is
accused of hitting on women or trying to
initiate relationships maybe
unsuccessfully or making rude comments
and all of these also get lumped in and
are stuffed under the kind of me2
umbrella what you have is a wide variety
of cases that in my view are wrongly
even dangerously conflated and mixed
together and compared here's the problem
I think this is where this comes from
this is where the trouble comes we have
as a culture removed all moral
boundaries from sex we have we have
discarded all notions of sexual morality
except for except for consent that is
the one moral rule that we have that we
have maintained when it comes to sex
consent is the only moral rule that we
still observe with sex and so when an
immoral sexual encounter occurs even if
it wasn't rape or assault we have no
language with which to describe it I
think there are many cases where a
sexual or there's some sort of sexual
encounter and all we all instinctively
recognize that it that it was immoral
that there's something wrong with it but
because we've gotten rid of the whole
idea of sexual morality we just have no
way to describe it we don't know what to
do with it and
we take the one sexual moral rule that
we still have and we apply it to that
situation because it's all we've got
even if it's even if it's not
appropriate in that case because we have
no basis for condemning any sexual
encounter unless the sexual encounter
was non-consensual so we end up just
calling all of these things
non-consensual even if it was consensual
even if both people involved chose to do
this thing in our minds we have really
two categories there are non-consensual
sex which is bad and then we have
consensual sex which we think is always
good that's what we that's what we've
that's what the culture says it's what
we've allowed of us have most of us it
seems like that's the idea that we have
so as long as they're consenting adults
who choose to do this thing then it must
be okay but the reality is that there's
a lot of bad sex there's a lot of
immoral sex there's a lot of disordered
gross harmful sex that is nonetheless
consensual all of the cases that I
mentioned all the cases I mentioned
they're all immoral bad gross harmful
but they're not all rape some of them
were not all of them and until we
acknowledge that there are other ways to
have immoral sexual relations with a
person until we reclaim sexual morality
and sexual boundaries we will be stuck
trying to condemn all bad sex on the
grounds of consent which expands the
idea of consent
so broadly as to render it meaningless
so that when we really need it when
there is actual non-consensual sex
happening it we don't have any
meaningful way to describe it because
the word consent has has become - is
increasingly means nothing because we've
expanded it so much and we've
turned it into this complicated equation
where nobody really knows when consent
is happening and even if a person does
something willingly and is like yes
let's do this and but even that might
not be consent because we've turned
consent into this super confusing a
calculus which it isn't it's actually
very simple
now sexual morality is not so simple
that's a much more nuanced thing consent
is simple if you choose to do something
when you could not do it you have
consented that is consent the great
hurdle that we face is this modern idea
that sex is only immoral if it lacks
consent that is false obviously every
situation where sex lacks consent is
immoral that we know but there are also
plenty of situations where sex is
immoral even when it has consent so it
is problematic I think for someone to
willingly have sex in a situation where
they could not have sex and then later
say they were raped because that is just
not rape it's not what rape is it is
problematic for a woman to let's say
have sex with a Hollywood producer
because she wants a film role and then
later after she's gotten what she wanted
out of the transaction say that he
assaulted her it is problematic and I'm
not saying that that's the case in all
of the Hollywood need to cases as I
already said there are plenty of you
know there plenty of cases where there's
actual rape and assault going on but
then there are other cases where it
doesn't appear to be that it's
problematic for anyone to willingly do
something making no effort to refuse or
to get out of the situation and then to
later claim that they didn't consent
because willing participation
is consent that is the very definition
of consent the only time that it's not
consent the only time when willing
participation is not consent is when
there is something that precludes the
person from being able to actually
willingly consent or win their consent
is coerced so if there are threats or
something involved then obviously that's
not consent that's that's not willing
participation you're not willing it's
it's it is you know when you're coerced
into doing something that's not willing
participation or if we're talking about
someone who is at an age where they
don't possess the mental capacity to
consent or to understand what sex is and
what the ramifications of it are so
obviously that's not consent either but
as long as the willing participation is
actually willing and the person involved
possesses the mental capacity to make
that sort of willful choice then it was
consensual yet even if it was consensual
it is not absurd for a person to come
away from a sexual encounter a
consensual encounter feeling violated or
embarrassed or hurt were used it is not
absurd for them to feel like something
wrong happened like the sex was wrong
and like they were wronged in the
process because there is indeed a whole
vast category of consensual yet wrong
sex and we need to acknowledge that and
start talking about that rather than
trying to make everything into assault
and rape now consensual yet wrong sex
that includes a lot of different things
this is a category where you know you
have sex that's transactional sex where
it's not respecting of human dignity
where it's done purely so that both
partners can exploit the other for
pleasure or where one partners exploit
the other for pleasure and the other
partner although they're willingly
participating they are looking for
something else out of it or they think
that there's love and devotion involved
but there really isn't any sex where
there's no love where there's no
devotion where there's no concern for
the other person's personhood okay all
of that is bad and it's gravely immoral
but if it falls into that category where
both partners choose to do it it's not
rape it's bad it's wrong it's even evil
but it's not rape rape is a particular
thing and it has to remain a particular
thing so that we know what it is and
thus can protect against it and can
punish it when it happens and can fully
understand the severity of of this
terrible evil which is one of the most
evil things a human being can ever do
you know I think we have to we you know
we have to be willing we have has a as I
said we have to reestablish I think some
boundaries for sex some moral rules that
go beyond just consent and we have to
get away from this idea that just
because it's two consenting adults it
must be okay
that is you know for both people to
consent that is just like square one
that's that's just yeah I mean obviously
both people need to consent clearly but
there's more to it than that and I think
it makes it you know when we have turned
consent because we're because we're
trying to make consent into something
that can cover all cases of immoral
sexual relations without ever actually
acknowledging explicitly that there can
be immoral sexual relations that are
consensual so we've you know when we're
broadening consent like this and or the
you know the the idea of consent when
we're turning it into this very
complicated huge thing that's where you
end up with these ridiculous things on
college campuses like affirmative
consent rules where if two people are
having sex they have to continually
throughout the activity they have to
continually verbally say yes I want to
continue doing this yes I want to
continue to and of course that's just
not human human being somehow humans
function that's how robots function
humans are not robots
and so that's absurd but that's what
we've done when we've turned consent
into this thing where as I said even you
know when you're a person could be in
the middle of a sexual activity with
with another person and both people
could be willing participants but but
that doesn't mean that isn't a safeguard
against the possibility that the next
day one of the people involved could say
oh actually I didn't consent yeah I said
yes I did it I was I was into it you
know I was will I never tried to leave I
never said no I never even hinted it at
no and all that but actually it was
right yeah you know it was it was
actually rape and so it makes into this
really complicated thing where it's
almost impossible we've made it where
it's almost impossible for a person to
actually know if what they're doing is
consensual outside of this affirmative
consent thing unless we're going that
far where there is verbal affirmative
consent continuously throughout the act
and we become like robots outside of
that it has become almost impossible to
actually know
consent so I think that's where these
other moral ideas and rules come into
play where you could ask yourself yeah
the other person is is a willing
participant but then you could ask
yourself is that do I love this person
am I devoted to them is this respecting
of their dignity
am I just using them for pleasure I mean
these are easier questions to use these
are easy questions to answer for
yourself once you've gotten past the the
consensual part of it yeah they're
willing okay now here are these other
questions and unless we're willing to
introduce those ideas to human sexuality
again which obviously over the last
several decades we have ripped all of
that away and look at what's happened as
a result until we're willing to infuse
that back into it to reintroduce those
ideas I just think there's there's no
hope of any of this getting any better
all right let's go do it for me have a
great weekend everybody thanks for
watching Godspeed
