there's a bust of you Genest margaret
sanger in the National Portrait
Institute now Margaret Sanger of course
is the and this bust is part of
their their civil rights exhibit to make
it even worse part of their civil rights
exhibit
and then the the National Portrait
Institute is run by the Smithsonian
Smith Smith Smithsonian Smithsonian I
can't speak anyway so it's part of their
their civil rights exhibit Margaret
Sanger obviously the founder of Planned
Parenthood she once proudly spoke to the
KKK and it is true maybe you've seen
that picture online of Margaret Sanger
standing up in front of a bunch of
hooded KKK members and giving a speech
that photo is fake it's it's it's
Photoshop not a real photo but she did
actually speak to the KKK she spoke to a
group of female KKK members she was a
proponent of the eugenics movement and
the eugenics movement was which was
which was popular in the early 20th
century the eugenics movement was and is
all about ridding society of the
undesirable classes through forced
sterilization and abortion and other
methods
now Sanger's apologists will will will
say that she was not a racist and that
she she wasn't looking to specifically
annihilate the black race instead she
was looking to just get rid of poor
people and especially people with mental
disabilities regardless of the race and
and that's that's true I that doesn't
make her any better she's still that's
not that's that's it that's a heck of a
defense isn't it but I think it's
interesting I've actually seen there's a
certain quote from Margaret Sanger that
her defenders will cite in order to
defend her against racism charges and I
want to read this quote to you this is
her talking to a group of black pastors
and this is what you said
she said the most successful educational
approach to the Negro is through a
religious appeal we don't want the word
to get out that we want to exterminate
the Negro population and the minister is
the man who can straighten out the idea
if it ever occurs to any of their more
rebellious members now
sure that her statement about educating
quote rebellious Negroes does much to
debunk the racism charges I don't think
it does but I do know that she
explicitly desired to eradicate the
undesirables and then the organization
that she founded which was later known
as Planned Parenthood
though at the time when she founded I
think was called the birth control
League or something like that that
organization would then go on to
actually eradicate over 7 million
undesirables according to her I don't
think that's a coincidence
you see I think
she had this idea and then the
organization founded one went on to
carry out that idea
praying especially on minority neighbor
neighborhoods and killing a
disproportionate number of black babies
that's not a coincidence
now ironically the this bust of Margaret
Sanger has been defended the person who
runs the National Portrait astir
defended it on the grounds that her
racist views mirrored her time so they
were you know part of the historical
context and also the National Portrait
Institute said that well the the effort
to remove the bust is really part of an
ideologically motivated campaign
