I have to ask these two cases bring up a
real question are you the only Baker in
the state of Colorado how come everybody
is coming to you to bake their cakes
that you don't agree with you don't want
to participate in the ceremony because
of your religious views right no there's
another bakery actually in parking lot
across this way and another really fine
cake shop just across the street that
way no three of them within a block
you've got to be kidding me yeah I
actually didn't didn't know that aspect
there are multiple cakes and presumably
they would participate in a gay marriage
ceremony or whatever well one of them I
know advertises in gay magazines and gay
media so there man you must make the
best cakes in the world I have no doubt
that you do yeah there is a cake shop a
block or two away from you that
advertises in gay media and yet the
people who want you to participate in a
gay wedding or to participate in a
gender celebration whatever they go to
you instead why is that why are they
going to you I believe that it's
targeting that the state of Colorado
they know that the state of Colorado
back them up they're doubling down on us
and trying to come after us again
