People for the Ethical Treatment of
Animals or PETA has scored a major
success by freeing the drawings of
animal crackers from the cruel drawing
of a circus that has tormented them so
long I'm not making this up in fact I
wish I were funny enough to have made
this up but no it's real
you know those Barnum animal cracker
boxes that have a drawing of a circus on
them but the happy drawn animals happily
inside they're drawn cages
well someone at PETA ever on the watch
to prevent cruelty against drawings of
animal shaped cookies actually spent
some portion of their one and only
lifetime writing a letter of protest to
them the Nabisco company that makes the
cookies the letter said and again not
making this up quote given the egregious
cruelty inherent in circuses that use
animals and the public swelling
opposition to the exploitation of
animals used for entertainment we urged
Nabisco to update its packaging in order
to show animals who are free to roam in
their natural habitats unquote well I'm
happy to report because I know you're
all worrying about this that Nabisco's
parent company Mondelez international
rush to rectify this horrible drawing
situation and redesign the animal
cracker box so that it represents the
animals walking on the plains of Africa
so that the drawings of lions are now
free to rip the beating hearts out of
the drawings of sheep almost as if the
sheep were made to be devoured like
animal crackers this effort by PETA to
protect drawings of cookies from the
cruelty inherent and drawings of
circuses so that the cookies themselves
can be taken out of a free ranging
cardboard box and devoured just like
animals in the wild is a tremendous
triumph in the march of progress for
delicious cookies so to all my animal
cracker friends I say run free you tasty
treats have to suffer being drawn inside
a drawn circus but can now roam the
drawn fields of Africa until I get a
hold of you and bite your delicious
heads off trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
all right we are here on the very brink
the very rim the very edge of the Clavin
last weekend it is time to dive into the
show and suck all the Clavin e goodness
you can hold so that you can make it
like a camel across the desert of the
coming weekend we have Jenna Ellis our
favorite lawyer which isn't saying that
much we love Jenna but as you know our
favorite lawyer isn't saying too much
she's gonna talk to us about some of the
legal ramifications of this Michael Kohn
thing and the mana for conviction and
Sarah Jean Ghazni who has the story to
tell about diving into literally diving
because there was dumpster diving
involved into this left-wing community
and coming out to reclaim her life as a
lady and as a Christian and we'll talk
about that later a really interesting
interview I also have to thank the blaze
today they issued a correction to give
me credit you know this Gosnell film
that's coming out that tells the story
of America's worst serial killer and
certainly the worst serial killer who is
never covered by the news why because he
was an abortionist and he was killing
babies and so they didn't want to make
abortion look bad so they just
absolutely the mainstream media just did
not cover the trial of the guy who had
killed more people than any murderer in
American history we did a film about it
I wrote the script with my friends Fela
Manan who have done a lot of great
documentaries about well you know oil
and the environment and all this stuff
and I they gave me credit for that and I
appreciate it so there we have it and
you know I know the other thing you're
thinking is wow you wrote the Gosnell
script how did you get such a great body
well it's very Beachbody on demand the
thing about me is I have to workout and
I'm addicted to working out but I'm
constantly traveling I'm nowhere near a
gym I can't drive down to the gym and
Beachbody on demand is a
Jim you can carry with you it has all
it's the company it's you know what it
is it's a it's an online platform that
has all these different training things
like training programs like what like
p90x insanity 21 day fix t25 there's
that they've got all the celebrity
trainers like Shaun T I like the Shaun T
thing because you don't need anything
with you you know you just do it without
any kind of equipment you take this with
you you can see it on your phone it's
got a lot
hundreds of workouts as short as 10
minutes and they don't require extra
equipment and the time it takes you to
drive and park at the gym you could be
done you could be done with your workout
so what are you waiting for drawing the
over 1 million people currently on
Beachbody on demand and right now my
listeners can get a special free trial
membership when you text Andrew two
three oh three oh three oh 30 30 30
you'll get full access to the entire
platform for free all the workouts plus
nutrition information and support
totally free again just text Andrew to
thirty thirty thirty three oh three oh
three oh and you won't have to have a
gym you will carry your gym in your
pocket now no one would ever say in the
wake of Michael Cohn's plea deal and the
conviction of Paul Manafort no one would
ever say that the left-wing media in its
Trump hatred has just gone over the
cliff
like lemmings into complete babbling
nonsense oh wait I would say that's
exactly what's happening yesterday
according to the media Research Center
which and their site News Buster's which
we love so much CNN and MSNBC said the
word impeachment 222 times yesterday in
reaction to this let me tell you
something ain't gonna be no impeachment
over this this is basically Michael Kohn
said that Donald Trump told him to pay
you know a couple hundred thousand
dollars to two women to keep them quiet
about the fact that they had an affair
with him that he didn't want to get that
to come out so he paid him off he paid
him hush money and the press is saying
oh well because that that would be a
crime it might be a crime under campaign
finance laws if Michael cone had done it
so therefore it's a crime because his
Trump
Trump told him to do it that's not true
and we'll explain that to you will talk
to Jenna Ellis about it but listen to
this montage that our friends at News
Buster's made of the way cable news
especially left-wing CNN and left-wing
MSNBC covered this the President of the
United States of America Donald J Trump
is named a co-conspirator of a federal
crime is that grounds from each do you
think impeachment is more likely at this
point
impeachment Pietschmann impeachment
Pietschmann impeachment does this move
the needle at court confidence to move
forward on impeachment the president
facing impeachment impeachment will be
on the Democrats agenda the i-word
impeachment the i-word impeachment the
i-word impeachment the i worthy i word
and impeachment let's take a look at the
process of impeachment impeachment
impeachment impeachment impeachment
impeachment to impeach or impeachment
impeachment he would have been impeached
all of it bringing impeachment back to
the forefront talking about impeachment
impeachment talk impeachment this and
were viable option do you think it would
be appropriate to immediately begin
impeachment proceedings impeachment
peach impeach the wall patient
impeachment impeachment impeachment
impeachment impeachment complete speech
hp's impeachment now we're gonna get to
the legal aspect of this in the
political nonsenses of this but one of
the things you're seeing here is that
the left is caught in its own time warp
because it's the left from this late 60s
on the left that corrupted the culture
the culture corrupted Trump and created
people like Donald Trump and now they're
corrupt they're condemning Trump for
stuff that they've been promoting all
these years and although it's you know
we we used to be the conservatives used
to be the sexual prigs right we're the
one who would condemn them for their
sexual promiscuity we'll say we would
talk about marriage and fidelity and
that all the sexual stuff that was
coming into the arts and into music was
bad for us and they said no no no no
problem no problem
and then suddenly they're telling us the
Trump is a bad guy because of his his
sexual life which is the sexual life
they preach to us they're caught in this
in this time warp between what they sold
us in their culture and what that ugly
culture has produced in the person
sometimes of Donald Trump you know there
I read yesterday they're making a movie
about Roger Ailes
his sexual scandal and I thought cool
that's a good idea what about Harvey
Weinstein and Matt Lauer and Charlie
Rose and Al Franken and Kevin Spacey and
all the other Democrats who have been
part of this me too scandal where we
find out what life becomes like when
women aren't ladies and men aren't
gentlemen this is the thing we were the
Prince we were the guys preaching
against it and now suddenly it's them
and II and they're not only are the men
the left-wing men getting caught up in
it but uh it has a do you know how it's
pronounced Asia Argento
she was a Italian actress and director
who stood up and said you know Harvey
Weinstein raped me and I'm part of the
me2 movement she became a me-too leader
now it's come out that she had quietly
arranged to pay almost $400,000 to a guy
named Jimmy Bennett a young actor and
rock musician who said she sexually
assaulted him in a California hotel room
years earlier when he was only two
months past his 17th birthday and she
was 37 the age of consent in California
he's 18 and Barry Weiss the somewhat
conservative columnist over at the New
York Times said wrote a column about
this and she started by saying women are
hypocrites women are opportunists women
are liars they are abusers and bullies
bullies and manipulators they're capable
of cruelty callousness and evil just
like men so in other words if the me2
movement isn't a feminist movement and
we know it is and if title 9 isn't just
a tool to hurt men and we know it is
what is it
oh it's conservatism they can't they
tell us it's feminism but if it's not if
it's not about women if it's if women
can be just as much a part of the me2
movement as men then its conservatism
that's what it's about it's actually all
the stuff that we've been the meeting
movement is actually all the stuff we've
been selling and and by the way the left
does is all the time
they tell us our value stink they tell
us we're racist or sexist then they
adopt our values and say oh yeah but the
Conservatives are the bad guys we're
always the bad guys even when they're
telling us that the values we've been
trying to sell them for 40 years are the
values they not now want to adopt so now
with Trump they're caught in this time
war between the thing the culture they
created and the effects of that culture
and one of the unintended consequences
of this Michael Kohn thing is it is
undermining their attempt
to scuttle the nomination of Brett
Kavanaugh this is really interesting
okay
because here's yesterday Chuck Schumer
they they drop on this any way they can
they say oh we've got to delay because
of this because of this Michael Cohen
thing we've got to delay the appointment
of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court
here structure Murr I asked him a more
basic question does he believe that a
sitting president must comply with a
subpoena or testify or provide records
he would not say that the President must
comply with the subpoena I asked him to
I asked him that in the most extreme
situation a criminal investigation
against a sitting president where our
national security is at stake could the
investigators subpoena the president he
wouldn't say he would now that was
before the news that broke late
yesterday during our meeting actually
the news broke that president Trump's
former personal attorney Michael Cohen
implicated the president in a violation
of campaign finance laws the sequence of
those two events
Cavanaugh's refusal to say that a
president must comply with the duly
issued subpoena and Michael cones
implication of the president in a
federal crime makes the danger of Brett
Cavanaugh's nomination to the Supreme
Court abundantly clear okay so they're
pretending they're pretending that's all
this is all kabuki they're pretending
that the Michael cone plea deal and the
man afford convictions are why they're
calling for the delay of the Cavanagh
nomination but in fact they've been
calling for the delay of the Caplin
operation since the Cavanagh nomination
was made they've been doing everything
they can and you know calling for all
his documents this guy who's made
something like three hundreds of public
decisions you can tell what kind of
judge he is you can tell what kind of
man he is by the records that are right
there but they're trying to slow this
thing down
but here's Cory Booker pushing this at
the vet this is the moment after the
nomination is this is a video from the
moment after the nomination is made the
moment after Trump announces the
nomination here's cory booker pushing
the same thing they were pushing
yesterday
I'm a little sort of stunned at the way
this is all played out if you look at
the entire list of 20 or so people that
he had on the one person the president
could find on that list that would be
most assured to rule in his favor should
many of the things you're describing
come before the Supreme Court is this
judge he picked the one guy who has
specifically written that a president in
fact should not be the subject of a
criminal investigation which the
president is right now so this seems to
be them of all the people the most
self-serving person he could choose in
order to protect himself from this
criminal investigation so their line of
argument now is that Brett Kavanaugh is
no good because he won't be tough enough
on the president that they're trying to
indict okay they're trying to indict for
these Federal Campaign law violations
but the day before that or maybe it was
two days before these the man of Ford
conviction and the the Kony deal came
out the New York Times floated and is
clearly floating there the Democrat
strategy floated the strategy that they
were going to go after Brett Kavanaugh
on a leak that took place when Cavanaugh
was part of the investigation into
Clinton's adultery to build Clinton's
adultery so here was their headline it
was Brett Kavanaugh urged graphic
questions in Clinton inquiry Brett
Kavanaugh president from Supreme Court
nominee urged prosecutors investigating
President Bill Clinton to question him
in graphic detail about his sexual
relationships with Monica Lewinsky a
White House intern mr. Cavanaugh spent
more than three weeks three years
working for Ken Starr the Independent
Counsel who investigated the scandals
the memo was shot through with disgust
for mr. Clinton's behavior and seemed
animated by the deep animosity that had
developed between the White House and
mr. Starr's
team he they quote Cavanaugh the
president has disgraced his office the
legal system and the American people by
having sex with a 22 year old intern and
turning her life into a shambles callous
and disgusting behavior that has somehow
gotten lost in the shovel mr. Cavanaugh
wrote so now you remember if you go back
ken starr was the Puritan prick who was
trying to burn Bill Clinton at the state
it's at stake for his sexual mouth
right and so they're saying that evil
Brett Kavanaugh was part of that
priggish you know backward sexually
uptight world except now it's them now
they're gonna bring how can they now
bring that against Cavanaugh they can't
so their only thing they can now say
they now have to say oh and you're gonna
be too easy on him because afterwards
Cavanaugh said you know what I was too
hard on Bill Clinton we shouldn't indict
a sitting president so the the very like
puritanical Ken Starr attack the attack
that the people who attack people for
their sexual behavior are Puritans are
mean or stupid or backward now they're
stuck they're stuck in that position
they're caught in a time warp you know I
want to bring on Jenna Ellis we love
Jenna Alice she is a really smart I read
her book the the legal the the legal
basis for a moral Constitution a guide
for Christians to understand America's
current constitutional crisis we keep
bringing her home because she's such a
good observer of the legal scene she's
the director of the Dobson Policy Center
and a contributor to Washington examiner
at the Federals and the Daily wire we
have her on the line Jenna you there
it's always good to talk to you alright
let let us let's start with this they're
talking about Trump now as if he is in
tremendous legal jeopardy from Michael
cones a plea deal do you feel that's
true not at all and what this has become
so much more political obviously and
that's that's what the whole impeachment
process is that's what the Democrats are
trying to do with slowing down Brett
Cavanaugh's confirmation that's what
they're trying to do to impact the
midterms but really what a plea
agreement is in context is simply an
agreement and a contract between Michael
Cohen and the prosecutor that is very
self-interested he's lessening his
potential risk by only having a three to
six year jail sentence rather than what
he was facing with all of the other
charges and an unknown trial verdict we
saw what happened with Manafort this
week and so what he's doing is pleading
guilty to a campaign finance violation a
Hmong other charges but all that that
means is that he's the recipient of a
really good deal that's not evidence
it's
not a confession and lanny davis even on
MSNBC last night who is the attorney for
Michael Cohen said that there is no
other corroborating evidence and it may
come down to Michael Cohen's word
against President Trump that the that
what he said in terms of his plea
agreement that he was directed by a
candid for federal Ava's office to to
violate campaign finance law that it
would come down to Michael Cohen's word
versus President Trump and he's lost all
credibility here so this is not a big
deal I wrote a piece for Washington
Examiner that came out yesterday
explaining the nature of plea agreements
why they're not confessions why this
isn't evidence and why this is very
self-interested for Michael Cohen and
and if Michael cone is telling the truth
and he was directed to make this payment
by Trump who then paid him back
is that even a campaign violation it
shouldn't be and you know Mark Levin
talked about this and and he explained
it really well on Fox News and I would
agree with his analysis as well as Alan
Dershowitz who is you know not been a
conservative of course commentator but
basically under campaign finance law you
have to have a campaign expenditure that
goes exclusively and solely to advance
the campaign and these kind of
expenditures if it wasn't even using
campaign finance money if Trump didn't
even know about it until after the fact
and these types of things happen all the
time for for purposes I mean that would
be the same thing like saying oh I'm
going to the store and I'm using my
personal money to buy food for my
sustenance and I'm a candidate for
federal office well then obviously
you're using that to influence the
campaign to keep yourself alive well not
every single expenditure is solely a
campaign related expense and I don't
think that they can even tie it this way
so the underlying crime isn't even there
and they also don't even have evidence
to advance
Cowen's narrative that's it's really
interesting now you look at you step
back as a lawyer and you're looking at
what Muller is doing the the going a
line narrative is basically that he's
just using these things as a form of
pressure as a lever to get man afford
and cone to flip on Trump is that do you
see that at do you think that's his
strategy and do you see that as a danger
for the president well I think that's
exactly what happened in the plea
agreement deal
having Cowan plead to a campaign finance
violation and say on the record what he
did that was very savvy of Mueller to
try to implicate Trump because even if
this doesn't come back and actually have
any legal ramifications we're already
seeing the optics play before the
midterms and I think it's really
fascinating that the sentencing hearing
is not until December 12th where Cohen
may or may not make a statement there
but that's been pushed off till after
the midterms and that's giving the
Democrats time to try to stall Brett
Kavanaugh s confirmation hearing which
there's absolutely no legal basis that
would only be a self-interested
political move yeah they'd never get
that's never gonna happen I'm even by
the end of yesterday they were started
starting to trail off on that it was
like they floated it and the public
didn't buy it you know they said I heard
on the special report last night that
mana Ford is facing 80 years in prison
for what essentially is tax you know
malfeasance is there an argument that
this is just incredibly unfair that we
have so many people you know al Sharpton
jr. I remember was millions in debt to
the IRS we have so many people who have
been caught you know the it was the
Treasury secretary under Obama caught
not paying taxes it just seems that that
they're firing bazookas at these guys
where if they had been on the other side
politically maybe they'd be shooting
rubber bands at him is that just my
impression or is that a fair take I
think that's absolutely a fair take and
you know whether or not this rises to
the level of malicious prosecution is a
very different question but I think that
it at least amounts to political
targeting and and for Mueller to go
after both of these people just because
of their relationship with candidate
Trump and then president Trump if they
were just any other lawyers in New York
they may not even be charged or that and
this wouldn't be talked about in the
media and they certainly wouldn't be
looking at that heavy of sentencing
range and hopefully the presiding judges
will see through that and will go along
with regular Sentencing Guidelines and
will not set this up for what could be
an appeal I mean and this is where the
American people need to recognize that
our law enforcement branch is supposed
to be non
Witek oh and so is the judicial system
we are supposed I mean that's what equal
protection under the law actually means
that's why we have due process and for
these kind of politically motivated
prosecutions that really undermines and
should undermine America's trust in the
legitimacy of this entire investigation
Wow now you know I have to ask you this
one question your spokesman for the
James Dobson Family Institute and one of
the things that's kind of comical to me
is watching the left pick on Donald
Trump for his sexual malfeasance but we
are on the right and it is sexual
malfeasance in your book the legal basis
for a moral Constitution you come down
really hard on the sexual revolution I
can't wait to interview about you about
the book I think we're gonna do it tape
an interview next week I hope but but
you come down really hard on the sexual
revolution when you're supporting a
president who has done these things and
who clearly lived a life that is not the
conservative life that we support does
that bother you do you feel as a as a
part of the Dobson Institute do you feel
that the charges against evangelicals
for instance of hypocrisy are valid I
really appreciate that question and you
know I think the important thing is
lived meaning in the past and nothing
has come out during his candidacy or
during president Trump's tenure as
president in his administration that
would lead to these types of allegations
and the Christian worldview states that
you have forgiveness
grace does cover all and the fact that
these allegations were actually when he
was registered Democrat who when he had
I think that's really important people
can change people can make mistakes I
mean even I went through personally a
crisis of faith in law school there was
a time that I would have identified as a
feminist and that's that think Lord that
I'm not that anymore that I have refined
my understand that was part of the
process of writing my book and
understanding where these worldviews
come from and I think that the
evangelical support of President Trump
has been has been because he has been
I'm so consistent with his protection of
religious freedom he's been so
consistent with his conservative
viewpoints since his candidacy people
can change and I think that he has
proven that and we should take him
his word and everything I mean we're
talking about well 15 years ago do we
really want to say that nobody can think
anybody else would want that and so I
don't see it as a conflict and I think
that supporting this president
especially what he's done for American
families for pro-life especially for
religious liberty those are things that
all evangelicals and dr. Dobson would
certainly be strongly encouraged by and
strongly support Jenny Ellis thank you
it is always a pleasure talking to you
and we will talk to you again soon about
your book sounds good thanks night
danger thanks a lot
you know really interesting to watch
what is happening but the the unintended
consequences of these I just have to
play one more cut before we go into our
interview one of the unintended
consequences of this is that a lot of
stuff that Michael Kohn has said are
kind of blowing back on him because he
now had he's now under oath before trial
you know before a court and one of the
things that he said was first of all
that as far as he knew Donald Trump had
no prior knowledge of the meeting at
Trump Tower with the Russian lawyer
which is a very big a very big lever the
left is hoping to use to pry Trump out
of office but the other thing that he
said was that the steel dossier remember
the steel dossier said Michael Kohn was
in Prague meeting with Russians and here
is lanny davis who has been just
ferocious against donald trump here's
lanny davis talking about that charge on
the steel dossier which you remember is
what they used to get a FISA warrant to
tap and and spy on the Trump campaign
hears Lanny Davis talking to Chuck Todd
about the steel dossiers validity in
regards to Michael Kohn can you say
definitively whether you know if Michael
Cohen ever was in Prague in 2016
never never in Prague did I make that
never never never never ever ever and
reason just to let your viewers know
talking about is that the dossier
so-called mentions his name 14 times one
of which is a meeting with Russians in
Prague that 14 times false it was posted
as a
leatherby budding but about Prague which
is an illusion and it's been repainted
in all confidently the answer is no
never
Todd trying to cut them off because that
kind of completely overturns the idea
that the FBI acted properly in getting a
FISA warrant using the steel dossier
without telling the FISA judge that it
was paid for by the DNC and Hillary
Clinton all right so there so there is
just some interesting unintended
consequences of this moment we see the
left caught in this time warp where they
are becoming the sexual prigs they are
becoming the defenders of conservative
sexual values Hey welcome aboard welcome
aboard gang we love it you know please
support conservative sexual life that
would be a good thing for the country
and a good thing for everything but just
give us a little credit for bringing you
along you know don't accuse us a stuff
Brit give us a little credit for
bringing you over and finally convincing
you that your culture stank the culture
that you put pushed on us for 50 years
was awful
so anyway we're gonna move on to this
interview we're not gonna cut you off if
you're on YouTube and Facebook because
we want you to hear this but all the
more reason for you to feel incredibly
guilty for you to slap yourself and just
finally say alright I'm going to
subscribe to The Daily wire cost you
lousy ten bucks a month you get to ask
questions in the mailbag we solve all
your problems hundred bucks you also get
the leftist tears tumblr you're gonna
need it you're gonna need it it's gonna
be flow full Sarah Jean Ghazni listen
let me recommend Sarah Jean Ghazni has a
Twitter feed she is it's sa ra h je a n
gos in eat why you should go on her
Twitter feed because she is under fire
she is promoting values of femininity
and religious life and a an attack on
feminism and the feminists sjws are
coming after her and you should go on
and give her some love and give her some
support but she knows what she's talking
about she is the author of a book called
all the cool girls are anak and are
kissed all the cool girls are anarchists
and it covers her journey into a group
of radical progressives and she became a
social justice warrior and how she came
back and made it back in the book is out
now on Amazon
all the cool girls are anak anarchists
Sarah Jean Ghazni Sarah thanks so much
for coming on thank you so much for
having me so this is an interesting
memoir because it's both a political
memoir but also kind of a romantic one
tell start your story by telling us a
little bit where where you come from
what was your background yeah so what I
tell on the book jacket is what is true
I basically had a relatively typical
suburban South Eastern upbringing the
only unusual thing about me was that my
mom was Jewish is Jewish and my dad was
raised Methodist and converted so that
made things a little weird but other
than that we raised Jewish
I was yeah my dad converted when I was a
few years old and but you know you can't
you can take the you can convert a
Methodist but you can never take the
method you brought his Methodist to his
duties Mari so so what happened so
things were going good you what you go
off to college is that what happened and
then you suffered a breakup I did yeah
so essentially I was dating this guy in
high school all very you know normal
type high school sweetheart situation
and I being young and naive thought that
we were going to be in love forever and
get married and just have a really
boring lifestyle just like our parents
did and turns out hookup culture got the
best of that vision of mine and my
boyfriend of the time broke up with me I
almost cheated on me in fact but got
caught and ended up you know
dallying around with other women so so
not only a betrayer but an incompetent
betrayer on top of it yes sounds like a
lucky escape for you though at the time
it was pretty devastating no one you say
you were looking you were planning on a
boring life were you looking forward to
that is that the life you wanted it was
sort of neutral I mean I kind of wanted
something more than
not but I also was relatively okay with
it - okay I just sort of thought that
it's what you did so so now you go off
to college and your heart is broken what
happens next well just to make things
interesting I promptly repeat my
mistakes immediately so get into another
you know intense relationship have my
heart broken again by a guy who didn't
want to be serious and that's really a
heartbreak number two is really when I
start looking into you know what else is
out there if if I can't have this you
know committed a relationship fast-track
to marriage kind of normal cookie cutter
lifestyle what is there out there that
actually is possible because you know
from my point of view it seemed like the
life I'd been shooting for it just
didn't it wasn't a possibility anymore
so that's when I started exploring my
sister's friends lifestyle which was a
more a lot of radical leftist type
lifestyle okay you've got to describe
this life so I mean the descriptions of
it sound incredible now was your was
your sister in college with you yeah she
was she's several years older so she was
just finishing up as I was getting there
so so a lot of them refer to themselves
as crust punks what was that crust punk
like okay yeah definitely bicycles were
central to this lifestyle it was very
much anti car you know you bike
everywhere if you can bike without
putting your hands on the handlebars
you're extra cool they definitely were
all about you know second-hand clothes
like not anti-consumerist type attitudes
anti-capitalist attitudes very much
pro-communist they enjoyed dumpster
diving quite a bit there was a yeah I'm
diving for what were they getting out of
the dumpster food more than you know yes
at least they were true to their
anti-capitalist beliefs yes they were
although you know I never did bring it
up to them but you know the point is in
order for them to be able to dumpster
dive you have to have the excesses of
capitalism so they're riding around on
bikes they're dressed in hand-me-downs
they're dumpster diving are they are
they working politically for change or
anything like that sort of I mean there
were a few who were involved in local
politics but for the most part most of
them talked about forming their own
collectives you know there was a it was
essentially a community center but they
called it a collective house and they
talked about getting you know organic
farms where they could start their own
little collective villages basically so
they weren't honestly that active in
real politics they sort of just had all
of these grand plans to create their own
vision of the world that they wanted no
are you doing this to you actually
eating out of dumpsters and riding
around with your hands off the
handlebars which by the way was very
cool when I was like 11 but yeah so no
you are you actually living this life or
you just kind of observing I sort of had
one foot in the door in one foot out so
I I definitely wanted to be a part of
them but I never fully felt like I fit
in so I definitely was riding my bike
everywhere I did not have a car and I
did eat out of the dumpster but I didn't
like it very much I did it a few times
but there's this nonprofit organization
I don't know if it's official in any
capacity called Food Not Bombs huh where
it's essentially across the country and
essentially once a week
the volunteers create a free meal for
the public which sounds all well and
good but the food comes from the
dumpster so every week they're serving
people you know I mean trash is a harsh
word but that's that's now III have to
ask you get into this situation through
heartbreak through learning that no
boyfriends are cheating on you I assume
that that this group had a very loose
attitude toward sex so they were very
anti-establishment in this area as well
they were very into polyamory and open
relationships they were pretty low
against traditional marriage and while
they would accept monogamous
relationships they really weren't that
popular I I didn't really see this
working out very well for any of them
because in my experience which is
witnessing a lot of the time one person
is wanting the open relationship and the
other person wants an exclusive
relationship but that didn't stop them
they you know went full force into this
and to me coming from all the tart break
and disappointment with what I saw it
was the traditional paradigm I thought
well maybe that are onto something here
well that's yeah that's what I'm
wondering indeed are you trying this out
are you try and seeing if this works
well the polyamory was the main thing
that I did not actually get involved in
myself and I'm glad that I didn't
because I saw it really crashing and
burning for a lot of people but most
other aspects of their lifestyle I did
try to get involved in
so you mentioned before you said there
they're eating out of dumpsters which
ignores the fact that Kat there has to
be capitalism and it's the the fact that
it produces so much for there to be food
in dumpsters where or any of their other
philosophies bothering you on a logical
level let alone the let alone the
realistic level whoa
swords going back to what you asked
before about their political activism
you know they had all these ideals about
smashing capitalism and forming
collectives and all this stuff but they
never really seemed to get their act
together to form any organizations that
could get off the ground it seemed like
they were constantly trying to reinvent
the wheel in terms of how to get things
done and they were also very anti
hierarchy as well so it was all
like I mentioned before a collective
effort so you know if everyone's a
leader no one's leader but actually
everyone knows in reality that someone
is going to lead even if they're not
supposed to be so just their approach to
getting things done and activism sort of
rubbed me the wrong way a little bit
it's just seem really inefficient and
uneffective so how long were you with
these people well how long were you with
them yeah it was probably a couple of
years I mean I never moved in with any
of them or anything like I mentioned
before I was always sort of one foot in
the door one foot out because in part I
just didn't feel like I belonged but in
part you know I was still going to
school and a lot of them were working
jobs part-time or some of them were
going to school but they were in their
own sort of world so it was a couple of
years that I spent time with them and
after that I still saw some of them but
I wasn't nearly as involved in their
activities does it have an effect on
your life I mean what was your life like
in general I mean my life was pretty
comfortable in that you know I didn't
got a full ride to a state school and my
parents were helping me pay for living
expenses and I I lived in
air-conditioning they were very against
air conditioning because they were
trying to keep their utility bills as
low as possible and it was also sort of
an environmental effort so I was sort of
living a slightly more comfortable
lifestyle eventually I got a car which
was sort of sacrilegious and you know I
was going to school I was still tapped
in with normal people I guess you could
call it so you know my life's important
looks like that at a typical college
girl but at the same time I sort of you
know I still was highly involved in this
subculture too so you know even though I
might be going to school during the day
I would go to some do to yourself Punk
shuttle where you know the bands
we're called things like mother excuse
my language but uh and you know people
were taking their clothes off playing
instruments and you know probably that
any snacks involved were from the
dumpster so it's kind of moonlighting as
a radical I guess you could say okay and
what got you out well in the book I I
presented this way and this is this is
how it happens I ended up meeting the
guy I'm currently with who he wasn't
trying to convert me away from this
lifestyle or anything but he sort of was
just the foil to everything that they
were he you know had experience building
things the radical folks were all about
you know I want to farm I want to build
a house I want to do everything from
scratch you know build things don't
consume and here I was meeting this guy
who actually had you know helped to
build houses before who had done farming
before who had done all these things in
reality that they were trying to do but
also had a very different worldview you
know he he I mean sort of a redneck but
at the same time a very well-educated
well-spoken redneck and I loved rednecks
personally so that I didn't think that
was but he basically just did what they
kept saying they wanted to do and that
Plus meeting one of his friends who is
from the Soviet Union he grew up there
the first few years of his life you know
they had experienced actual hardship
whereas these radicals were just kind of
playing at it so I sort of just would
opened up to a little bit more reality
and that and my sister graduated from
college and she sort of started pulling
away from those people so yeah I just
saw that there was a way to achieve some
of what they wanted to do but that it
really wasn't how they were going about
it so so what what do you want for your
life now what do you want your life to
look like say five years from now well
five years from now all I want to be
some of some of what I want for my life
they would approve of
want to be living on a patch of land
married to the guy I'm with with five
kids and you know a giant garden and
maybe a bunch of animals running around
Wow Wow that says my dream for myself no
no that's that's a hell of a dream and
five kids is you'll certainly have your
work cut out for you that's you know if
you if you could say something you know
a lot a lot of kids go to school and
become radicalized they hear ideas from
their professors things become
acceptable that weren't acceptable
that's the thrill of getting away from
your parents if you could say something
to those people what is it you would say
yeah so obviously I'm very much in that
category I would say that for one don't
reject too much the lifestyle your
parents have just because it seems
boring because when you get older your
priorities really change for what you
want out of life and you might find that
that lifestyle is actually what you want
once you're a little bit older and also
try not to be swayed too much by what
the professors say and try to find some
opposing ideas and you know especially
look at the history of communism you
know study places like the Soviet Union
with the gulag study Venezuela you know
don't be fooled by the Scandinavian you
know socialism tropes that gets thrown
around so much I know that that
convinced me to a degree that socialism
was a positive thing to really just
educate yourself you know honestly if
you read things like The Gulag
Archipelago that will illuminate a lot
of the faults of capitalism and might
sour your idea of this communist utopia
which I really don't think it's possible
yeah Sarah Jean Gosling thank you very
much the book is all the cool girls are
anarchists I appreciate it I appreciate
your coming on yeah thank you so much
for having me I really appreciate it a
horror tale of joining the left all
right stuff I like this is Sanju
hey that's a repeat of Brandon toys
version of stuff I like if you have one
you want to send it in send it to a
Clavin at daly wire comm site at a
Clavin at daly wire.com if i have to
tell you how to spell Clavin you are not
suited to doing a stuff I like song will
choose one of them and actually make it
our our final stuff I like
intro so this week I was talking about
manhood and they need to kind of
reinvent manhood not not reinvent
manhood such that it isn't manhood but
actually bring an ideal of masculinity
back into the culture which is something
I really do believe the Conservatives
should be talking about and thinking
about and displaying both in the art
they make and in the lives they lead and
I talked about the fact that there has
always been a tension between
Christendom and manhood and the idea of
the outlaw male as I said at the
beginning of the week if you outlaw
masculinity only outlaws will be
masculine and that's kind of where you
get guys like Tony Soprano and guys like
the guy in Breaking Bad and Donald Trump
to some degree but there was a version
of manhood which was chivalry which was
the Christian attempt to incorporate
manhood into the ideals of a Christian
ethos that put forward things that are
not necessarily traditionally manly like
a sacrifice like service like being
leading by serving and things like that
that went into chivalry and then they
fashioned an idea of manhood and part of
the Shakespearean creation of modernity
was the Iowas his idea of putting men in
Christian situations the most successful
one is Henry v but then there are all
the failures like Macbeth and Richard
the third and and and people like Hamlet
who can't fulfill the traditional male
roles that they're supposed to fulfill
and that's a lot of what Shakespeare was
writing a lot of where our ideas of art
and modernity come from and and and
things like The Sopranos and Breaking
Bad grow out of that and they come from
Cervantes as well and it made me think
back to my own inspiration for becoming
a writer and I know I've talked about
a lot talked about him before one of
which was one of my inspirations was
Raymond Chandler and it was because I
was looking for a role model of manhood
which I didn't see around me and which I
thought had to be there somewhere and I
was looking for it in fiction and I
looked to the tough guy writers but all
the tough guy writers and I write about
this in my memoir the great good thing
all the tough guy writers sort of failed
me in the end except for Raymond
Chandler because Raymond Chandler
created an idea of a man who carried the
notion of chivalry with him into a world
that was so corrupt that it had lost
that notion entirely and that what I
always say that the paragraph that
turned me into a crime writer is one of
the opening paragraphs of The Big Sleep
if you haven't read the Big Sleep one of
the great works of American literature a
new voice that comes into the tough guy
writing realm he's kind of the second
wave Dashiell Hammett and James M Cain
preceded him creating the tough-guy
language but Chandler then entered it he
started writing this like a fifth in his
50s and entered it and sort of refined
it into literature and he talks about as
he walks into this millionaire's house
he says over the entrance doors which
would have led it to a troop of Indian
elephants there was a broad stained
glass panel showing a knight in dark
armor rescuing a lady who was tied to a
tree and didn't have any clothes on but
some very long and convenient hair the
knight had pushed the visor of his
helmet back to be sociable and he was
fiddling with the knots on the ropes
that tied the lady to the tree and not
getting anywhere I stood there and
thought that if I lived in the house
I would sooner or later have to climb up
there and help him he didn't seem to be
really trying and what I loved about
this the minute I read it I must have
been like 15 years old I remember
reading that and thinking ah you know
here is a guy who is who contains within
him the vanished idea of a Knightly man
but he's bringing it into the corrupt
world of Los Angeles and he wrote
Chandler wrote a famous essay which I
made reference to a while back called
the simple art of murderers published in
the Atlantic and it became the
introduction to a short story collection
called the simple art of murder in which
he framed the famous see he created the
famous phrase mean streets down these
mean streets and he talks about who his
hero is and I'm gonna end the week
remind
you of what a man might look like if he
were such a man as Raymond Chandler
envisioned I have not been never read
before the entire paragraph it's a long
one but it's worth hearing this is from
Raymond Chandler's the simple art of
murder who the hero of a detective story
should be
he says down these mean streets a man
must go who is not himself mean who was
neither tarnished nor afraid the
detective in this kind of story must be
such a man he is the hero he is
everything he must be a complete man and
a common man and yet an unusual man he
must be to use a rather weathered phrase
a man of honor by instinct by
inevitability without thought of it and
certainly without saying it he must be
the best man in his world and a good
enough man for any world
I do not care much about his private
life he is neither a eunuch nor a satyr
I think he might seduce a duchess and
I'm quite sure he would not spoil a
virgin if he is a man of honor and one
thing he is that in all things he's a
relatively poor man or he would not be a
detective at all he is a common man or
he could not go among common people he
has a sense of character or he would not
know his job he will take no man's money
dishonestly and no man's insolence
without a due and dispassionate revenge
he is a lonely man and his pride is that
you will treat him as a proud man or be
very sorry you ever saw him he talks as
the man of his age talks that is with
rude wit a lively sense of the grotesque
a disgust for sham and a contempt for
pettiness the story is his adventure in
search of a hidden truth and it would be
no adventure if it did not happen to a
man fit for adventure he is a range of
awareness that startles you but it
belongs to him by right because it
belongs to the world he lives in if
there were enough like him I think the
world would be a very safe place to live
in and yet not too dull to be worth
living in that's Raymond Chandler's
depiction of the hero let that be true
of us and of all of us I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show enter the
Clavin this weekend survivors gather
here on Monday
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by mic core Mina hair and
makeup is by jesuit vera and our
animations are by cynthia Angulo and
jacob jackson the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
