now listen to Elizabeth Warren right one
of the icons of the left listen to her
react to this news about this girl being
killed by an illegal alien
while Congress sits on its hands both
sides for years and years they have sat
on their hands without fixing these laws
without fixing our security they sit
there and Chuck Shumer to his incredible
shame one of the most shameful moments
in this administration had nothing to do
with Donald Trump it was Chuck Schumer
shaking a pen at the press and begging
Trump to act like a king and past the
law when he is a master of the Senate
who's supposed to be doing that
compromising facing down his
constituents and doing what needs to be
done now listen to Elizabeth Warren
reacting to the murder of this girl you
know my I'm so sorry for the family here
and I know this is hard not only for the
family but for the people in her
community the people throughout Iowa oh
but one of the things we have to
remember is we need an immigration
system that is effective that focuses on
where real problems are last month I
went down to the border and I saw where
children had been taken away from their
mothers I met with those mothers who had
been lied to who didn't know where their
children were who hadn't had a chance to
talk to their children and there was no
plan for how they would be reunified
with their children I think we need
immigration laws that focus on people
who pose a real threat and I don't think
mamas and babies are the place that we
should be spending our resources
separating a mama from a baby does not
make this country safer that is like a
little computer flipping to Democrat
talking points yes yes this girl is
killed yes yes but what about the mamas
and babies which has been going on long
before Trump and which they're playing
because it makes good TV and they think
we're all locked in the same echo
chamber they're locked in but we're not
we're not and that is just a callous
stupid political thing to say it is the
words of a woman who is not thinking
with with her human compassion but is
simply thinking politically she has that
speech in her head and she gets to as
quickly as she can
