what about what about in the business
are you still in an indie label you were
like so independent that's right yeah
yeah so but did it hurt you in the
business I mean do you find you there's
your agents but suddenly fine I mean my
agent does I get a lot of this stuff do
you does your agent call up and say oh
no we will not touch her well I I was
with the publicist at the time and he
ended up dropping me really yes because
of this not because I'm a trump
supporter but because of the hate mail
oh because of the attacks because it
became harder for him to to be the
publicist of me and so I ended up
picking up another publicist and they
just recently dropped me just because
they picked up a new client that was
very anti my my political beliefs and
they let me know that which I think is
wrong I think which is you're gonna
represent someone who cares about their
political ideologies they're not hurting
someone let them be them I mean there's
conservative pundits who need publicists
and you know agents so I've had a little
bit of that but I just go you know it's
fine I have long-term staff who love me
you know all about my political beliefs
and they've stuck with me for years so
I'm fine you know I mean it's the
Hollywood game you pick up a few yeah
you know how it is the publicist of this
of that but recently Andrew I just heard
that I lost a movie role because the
director loved me wanted me for this
film because I also do some acting and
ended up going oh wait a second she's
the girl with the dress
I cannot hire her Wow and he said Wow
because I'm a socialist well so at least
we won't have to pay for his movie I'll
just give up on my own ideology I cannot
hire her because I'm a socialist Wow I'm
the producer of the film yeah it's a
good friend of mine so she told me that
and this was a couple months ago so I
didn't know you know you never know why
you don't get certain role that's true
but there's at least you found out is
yeah
