this is from health line health line is
a publication I believe they are
connected with men's health in some way
and they have something reviewed by
Janet Brito PhD it's called the LGBTQIA
ZB yl safe sex guide it's good times and
here is it's so good it's so good so
they have decided they are going to
rename genitalia rename them to be more
sensitive to transgender folks you ready
for this it's unbelievable it's
unbelievable
for further than 1,000 time my wife
happens to be a doctor which means uses
medical terminology even when I teach my
children what genitalia are my
daughter's four and a half years old
knows the name of genitalia and then she
calls it her privates own she's a
euphemism just like most parents I don't
want my kids running around in stores
screaming penis or vagina right that's
just what we do but that's because my
children are children and when we
actually discuss actual biology it's
good to know the terminology and not to
say pee pee right it's good to know the
actual terminology however it's
apparently very very bad very bad
because here's what health line says
these guides to many guides with regard
to LGBTQ issues often unnecessarily
gender body parts as being male parts
and female parts so it yes correct
you know like in every sexually
dimorphic species which is to say every
animal species on planet earth the penis
is a male part and the vagina is a
female part because these still have
biological meanings because we're not
idiots but apparently we are idiots
I've assumed too much okay these guys
often unnecessarily gender body parts as
being male parts and female parts and
refer to sex with women or sex with men
excluding those who identify as
non-binary okay you can't have sex with
a non-binary body part it doesn't exist
that's not a thing unless you are
screwing a tree that's not a thing and
many individuals don't see body parts as
having a gender people have a gender but
body parts have a sex what in the world
are you talking about are you saying
that it's just some sort of social
construct that the presence of a penis
seems to be connected with male genetics
that's a social construct
