at the Washington Post where democracy
dies in bloviating pomposity opinion
columnist Elizabeth Bruning has written
an op-ed headlined it's time to reclaim
socialism from the dirty word category
by the way here's a fun little quiz try
to figure out just from that headline
whether Elizabeth bruenig is a another
one of these vaguely cute millennial
babes without the brains God gave a
goose or B something else
anyway the cute goose brain millennial
babe says quote and this is a real quote
socialism has meant different things to
different people in different times and
places unquote and this is undoubtedly
true for instance there's the Soviet
socialism that caused the Ukrainian
famine of the 1930s leading to the
deaths of millions of Ukrainians but
there's also the Chinese socialism that
led to the famine of 1959 leading to the
deaths of tens of millions of Chinese
there's the wonderful socialism of
Europe the provided Universal
nineteenth-century health care while
gutting the most vibrant culture the
world has ever seen until it's now a
listless Hulk of a whim Bhakra see that
stands and stares gormless Lee while
invading hordes of medieval crazy men
raped their children not interrupted but
of course there's also the almost
perfect socialism of Scandinavia where
about 90 percent of the wealth is in
private hands so it's not socialism
which works great and we should never
forget the socialism of Cuba and
Venezuela which has taken countries
overflowing with natural resources and
turn them into smoking relics full of
hunger deprivation and violence but
that's only because they didn't do the
socialism right and therefore turned out
like all the other places where they had
socialism and didn't do it right which
is all the other places where they had
socialism but Elizabeth breunig and
other airheaded millennial babes are
right all of that is no reason to make
socialism a dirty word the fact that
socialism deprives you of your freedom
by depriving you of the right to use
your property as you see fit and that's
a good reason
trigger warning i'm andrew Clavin and
this is the andrew Clavin show
all right hooray hurrah
we've got joy Villa with us today which
was great and the mailbag is tomorrow I
have to go through this so you remember
hit the go on the daily wire.com
subscribe lousy ten bucks 100 bucks you
get the whole year all your problems
will be solved by the in the mailbag so
it's worth every penny of it hit the
podcast button hit the Andrew Klavan
podcast button hit the little mailbag
picture and ask me anything you want
personal problems you know religious
ideas political ideas ask me anything
you want and my answers are guaranteed
100 percent correct and will change your
life for the better I don't know but
also we have the new lefties dictionary
entry today but first we have to talk
about your teeth the important thing
about your teeth is not only do you want
them to look good you want them to look
good while you're brushing them you want
your toothbrush to look good and you got
to use an electric toothbrush electric
toothbrush is just work better and equip
is the better
electric toothbrush I love mine I take
it wherever I go when it comes it's the
new electric toothbrushes packs just the
right amount of vibrations into a
slimmer design at a fraction of the cost
of bulkier traditional electric brushes
those ones that look like bazookas qyp
also comes with a mount that suctions
right to your mirror and unsticks to use
as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere
whether it's going in your gym bag or
carry-on
that's what I love about it the fact
that you can carry it around anywhere
you go and still have your electric
toothbrush with you quips subscription
plan refreshes your brush on a dentist
recommended schedule delivering new
brush heads every three months for just
five bucks including free shipping
worldwide quip starts at just 25 bucks
and if you go to get quick calm slash
Clavin right now you'll get your first
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush that's your first refill pack
free at get quip
come slash Clavin spelled GE t qu IP
dot-com of course you can spell that but
how do you spell Clavin as que la vie
aan so yesterday we're talking about
what I feel is happening right in front
of us which is the death of feminist
culture the fact that that feminism has
now devolved into absolute nonsense I
mean that we see that feminism has let
all these women into the workplace who
are getting treated like pieces of meat
we see feminism has turned into this
thing where men get to pretend to be
women and then participate in female
sports and win everything I mean it has
just been a degradation of women I think
it is falling apart in front of our eyes
and I think the attack on femininity and
masculinity is also starting to backfire
in fact I have a Prager my Prager you
feminism video is coming out on Monday
we'll play it here but I think that you
know yeah we have to talk about the fact
that the tension between manhood and
Christian culture is built into our
culture you know in the old days before
Christianity manhood was pretty simple
you went after the other guy you took
his stuff you took his women and you
left town you know you conquered his
land you rape the women that was manhood
and you know in if you look at like
Homer the Warriors the men the admirable
heroes all right they're just big
athletes that's what they are I mean
Achilles is kind of a crank but he is a
great warrior and a great killer and so
that's what a man was and even though
yes there were all kinds of varieties of
men in the classical world just that
like there are all kinds of varieties of
men today I'm talking about an image
that's in people's minds and when you
had Christianity which touted sacrifice
which touted martyrdom which touted
humility and being a humble person
that's not really what men are about you
know they're not about like oh yes you
know peel my skin off and I'll go to
heaven that's great you know that's not
where men want to be and that was why
the church invented chivalry chivalry
was basically an invention of the
Catholic Church to tame the louts who
were Knights than real Knights were just
loud so they would just go around they
would do the men thing they would go
around raping and pillaging and killing
fighting each other over like 15
of ground than the church said here's a
new version of manhood as a version of
service a version of standing up for the
little guy
a version of sacrifice and chastity that
that and that's where all the knighthood
tales came about modernity is basically
invented when Shakespeare and Cervantes
start to put real people into the
chivalric model and show how that leads
to tragedy and comedy right Don Quixote
is ridiculous because he believes in all
the noble ideas of chivalry that's what
makes him ridiculous that's what makes
it a comic novel that's where all the
kind of but you know vitality of that
novel comes from Shakespeare does the
same thing you know Hamlet was a play
before Shakespeare wrote Hamlet Hamlet
was a play where a ghost of a dead
father comes to Hamlet and says I was
murdered avenge my death in Hamlet says
okay and he does but Shakespeare puts a
real person in there a modern person and
the ghost says avenge my death and
Hamlet says uh you know is a ghost real
do I know that the guy's a murderer can
I kill him when he's praying you know he
starts that have doubts because he
doesn't fit in because human beings
don't fit into the ideal chivalric model
Macbeth Sunna is another example of a
tragedy based on that kind of
disjunction where Lady Macbeth keeps
saying to be a man and commit murder be
a man and do the thing that men do which
is kill your way to the top and Macbeth
is tortured and they they live in this
Christian world so their consciences
tear them to shreds because that that
view of manhood is no longer operational
in the Christian world and today like
the chivalric code has collapsed and we
that's what I was talking about
yesterday with that the only way it
placed on in TV that you see manhood is
in shows like The Sopranos and Breaking
Bad where it's an outlaw thing to be to
be a man is to be an outlaw because the
Christian world no longer has a model
for manhood and that's why I pick on
superhero movies because they show a
model for manhood that is simply
detached from the realities of life is
detached from death it's detached from
sex and Marvel tries to make up for that
by having them be snarky but there's no
real
in their manhood which is what part of
part of what Shakespeare and Cervantes
were talking about when they invented
modernity by by putting real people into
the chivalric code okay
so our job now I feel as the as the
feminist model falls apart the feminists
attack on masculinity and femininity
falls apart is we as conservatives have
to start to build a new culture of
masculinity and femininity it has to be
a modern culture it has to be based it's
gonna have to be based on Christianity
as we understand it in the modern world
it's not gonna be medieval Christianity
it's not gonna be medieval manhood it's
not gonna be superhero manhood either
because none of us is really superheroes
we have to invent this new idea and the
thing is you know we we always hear
about the fact that the left owns the
culture and that was true up until about
ten years ago when people including me
you know guys like Andrew Breitbart went
out and started saying hey take back the
culture and the tool we used was the
internet and it has been like the first
movie in this thing's culture wars
cultural wars one you know the force
awakens is that what is his number one
do cultural wars one was us kind of like
the revolutionaries in the Revolutionary
War
little guys fight shooting from behind
rocks and trees at this monolith of the
movie studios and the television studios
all left-wing the Academy all left-wing
the comics all left-wing and we started
popping up and shooting back and in the
at the end of culture war one we had
kind of gotten the death star on the run
you know the death star of their culture
was starting to fall apart and Donald
Trump's victory in a way was us kind of
coming back and winning starting to show
that that people were not entirely
buying into the culture of the left now
culture warts to the Empire is striking
back they're coming after us trying to
shut us down Facebook Twitter YouTube
all of them you you know Twitter's been
playing it a little bit cagey but
they're still very left-wing the the
thing they did to Dennis Prager where
they took his videos basically and
shadow banned them so suddenly they
weren't reaching any of the
millions of followers these are these
videos they the most unhe trove it I
mean Dennis Prager is one of the most
unequal people you can ever meet you
know I mean it just as a person and he
doesn't you would not allow his videos
to be hateful they're not hateful
they're just instructing people on
conservative values and they've reached
millions and millions of people so
Facebook takes them down and then when
they get called out on it because it's
really hard to turn tenets that his
break here into a bad guy when they get
called out of it oh it's a mistake
so the Babylon be which is rapidly
becoming one of the best satire site it
now is one of the best satire sites on
the internet and it's just gotten better
recently I mean it's kind of its kind of
detached a little bit from its
evangelical moorings and gotten a little
bit more political and they have gotten
hilarious oh they have a headline here's
the picture if you're watching they have
their fuck Dennis Prager says Facebook
claims kidnapping Dennis Prager
torturing him an abandoned warehouse was
an honest mistake you know the thing
about this is it's you know when they
say oh we just made a mistake what it
reminds me of his Mars Attacks you
probably haven't seen it it's an old
movie it's an old conservative movement
making fun of conservative effor of
liberals for trying to make friends with
the Communists and the Communists are
represented by Martians would come to
earth to destroy it and all the
intellectuals are saying but what do
they really want what do their and
there's one absolutely hilarious scene
hilarious in kind of a grim dark way
where the Martians go about killing
people with their ray guns just blowing
them to pieces while screaming we come
in peace we come in peace and that's
what I feel that Facebook is doing when
they say oh no we're not banning you we
come in peace Paul you know they're
blowing you up and I think that you just
have to remember that this is this whole
thing is a plan that was put together by
George Soros as fund the George Soros
funded Media Matters run by David Brock
remember him he's david brock is this
Clinton Obama operative who has gone
about using the internet to silence and
attack conservatives and a year ago the
what was the paper the Washington free
beacon published got hold of this memo
that David Brock put out and let's just
remember who David Brock is David Brock
was
the lover of the guy who ran the pizza
place in Washington DC that pizza gate
was all about remember guy went in and
shot the place up because he thought
there was some kind of weird conspiracy
where Hillary Clinton was you know what
was she doing peddling shell child
prostitute it was nuts it was nuts but
sharyl Attkisson who wrote the book
smear has put forward the theory that
she can't prove but it's pretty well
supported that this was all david brock
creating this fake news situation so
that he could then go in and attack fake
news and let's not forget even though
David Trump that Donald Trump has taken
over the phrase fake news this was put
forward by the left first and George and
David Brock Brock had a memo that he
sent out where he said we will fully
adapt to the new reality this is after
Trump won and we will win in the next
four years Media Matters
the soros funded company will continue
its core mission of dis or disarming
right-wing misinformation while leading
the fight against the next generation of
conservative disinformation the
proliferation of fake news and
propaganda now threatening the country's
information ecosystem here's what
success will look like serial missin
formers and right-wing propagandists
like because there are no left-wing
misson formers or propagandas serial
missin formers and right-wing propaganda
inhabiting everything from social media
to the highest levels of government will
be exposed discredited internet and
social media platforms like Google and
Facebook will no longer uncritically and
without consequence host and enrich fake
news sites and propagandist toxic
alt-right social media fuel to
harassment campaigns that silence
dissent and boys in our national
discourse will be punished and altered
I'm laughing because who's trying to
silence dissent Brock Media Matters
George Soros and they are doing it with
the help of the social media
corporations and they're winning they're
actually pulling it off and I you know
that this is a plan they put forward
this plan and now all these social media
systems are using people that David
Brock installed like PolitiFact and
snoke's with their left-wing
fact-checkers so-called fact checkers
using them to vet their material and I
think that this is this is the you know
they do not want to give up their power
that the that they have
over the culture and we have got to stay
vigilant we've got to you know Donald
Trump is talking about this now and he
they're actually suing Facebook over
another matter but I'm sure it has a lot
to do with this and Trump is starting to
talk about and we all have to talk about
it and we all have to hold them to
account because they are basically
corporations as our God King Jeremy
boring was explaining to us they're
acting like publishers but they're
getting the privileges of platforms as a
platform that's like the phone company
you and I talking and we can talk if we
want to talk Nazi talk we can talk Nazi
talk we want to talk commie talk we can
do that and they can't stop us on ATT as
long as we're not committing a crime if
you're a publisher then you are
responsible for what people say and you
can be sued and if we if I went out and
sued every person who has said dishonest
things about me let alone me if Ben went
out and sued every person who said
dishonest things about him on Facebook
Facebook would collapse so they want the
privileges of being a platform but they
want the power of being a publisher they
can't have both and they should be
stopped and they deserve to be stopped I
mean this is what entrenched powers the
other thing about this is we have also
if we are going to restore the idea of
what men and women are what they really
are not going back into the past not
saying oh women have to you know do this
this and this and can't leave the home
and can't vote although that's not such
a bad I didn't know until but but you
know not restricting people but just
getting recreating the ideas on which
our ideas of ourselves are founded
recreating the culture in which our
ideas make sense if we are going to do
that Christianity also has to be held to
account it also has to be held to
account for the ways in which barnacles
have accrued on it over the years that
we don't need that are not part of the
kingdom of Christ that are not the
things that Jesus was talking about and
that's why I've been hammering the
Catholic Church there was a moment on
because you know there's so many people
in the in the Catholic Church who
they're saying well it's in the past
these people raped children in the past
it's all over it's just you know there
are no more molesters in the Catholic
Church than anywhere else
which if you're the body of Christ is
not a good excuse I'm sorry there was a
moment on special report last night that
was so powerful and really summed it all
up because they Brett Baier who is
himself a Catholic
had the Bishop of Pittsburgh which is
where a lot of these this latest scandal
come up David zubik and bear asks him
about this scan the effect the scandal
is having on people who don't are not
going to church because they feel so
betrayed and you can sit there and say
you know like oh well they're taking it
out on God oh well they're making the
mistake they didn't rape the kids they
didn't cover it up even more importantly
because I know the rapes are horrendous
and hideous and these people should be
in prison and the fact that they're the
time has run out when they can be
prosecuted is a crying shame but the
people who covered it up including the
man who is going to answer Brett bears
question who was one of the people who
covered it up they're still in place not
one not one has been fired I mean this
is the thing so so what they're talking
about when they say oh it's in the past
it's not in the past as long as they're
still standing there the Cardinal the
the guy who was at the center of this
investigation Cardinal Wuerl is now the
the Cardinal in Washington DC so here is
Bret Baier asking this heartfelt
question this is two videos the first
one is is bear asking this question of
Bishop David zubik
and listen to his response what do you
say to the Catholics who didn't go to
church this Sunday because they were so
hurt you know the Washington Post says
clergies abuse scandals prompt crisis of
faith crisis of confidence
there's hurt I talked to him I mean I
come to you as a newsman but I'm also a
practicing Catholic and I talked to a
lot of people this weekend and Brett how
about rage because I'm feeling it too I
was ordained a priest 43 years ago and
the caller that I wear is a source of
pride for me and the fact that I know
that some of the people who served it
with this caller abuse people makes me
enraged what I have to say is we need to
be able to come closer to God - first of
all to look at the cross and that's why
we're this cross I'm out of power
first of all the cross is a sign of why
did Jesus get that was because of our
sins
and looking at the cross we have to be
able to see our own sins in it but the
second thing is the cross is also a sign
of where we need to go from here and I
think that for anybody who chose not to
come to church this weekend who somehow
is taking this out on God it's precisely
the opposite that we all need
you know I've prayed more over the
course of these last these last days and
I would encourage other people to do the
same so this is what he's saying and the
Pope has put out a letter saying even
though it can be said that most of these
cases belong to the past nonetheless as
time goes on we have come to know the
pain of many of the victims we have
realized that these wounds never
disappear and that they require us
forcefully to condemn these atrocities
and join forces in uprooting this
culture of death these wounds never go
away the heart-wrenching pain of these
victims which cries out to heaven was
long ignored kept quiet or silenced but
their outcry was more powerful than all
the measures meant to silence it or
sought even to resolve it by decisions
that increased its gravity by falling
into complicity the Lord heard that cry
and once again showed us on which side
he stands now all right that's the
church speaking that's the Pope and this
Bishop now listen to Marc Thiessen who's
a good guy and a former speechwriter for
George W Bush listen to his reaction as
a Catholic so I'm glad the Pope wrote a
letter but the one word that was missing
in that letter was accountability he we
don't need words we need actions right
now and the Catholic Church he said that
he quoted Pope Benedict saying how much
filter is in the church and talked about
those who kept quiet or silenced the
victims one of those people who who
sounds the victims was your gas Bishop
zubik
he was from 1987 to 91 the personal
secretary to Bishop Bishop Bell of acqua
he was then the director of clergy
personnel from 91 to 96 for Archbishop
Wuerl when he was the Bishop of
Pittsburgh when all these
confidentiality agreements were being
signed when all this predator priests
were being moved around this he was at
the epicenter of this crisis he pointed
that cross on his on on his lapel you
know Christ did on that cross he
sacrificed himself I'd like to see one
of the hundred bishops in this country
sacrificed himself saying Mia culpa Mia
culpa mea Maxima culpa and I say to my
other fellow bishops step down and let
new leaders take over good for you mark
because that's the voice that's the
voice of the God who hears those cries
and not you know these guys they don't
want to give up their
they don't want to give up their titles
they don't want to give up the wealth
their princes of the church and they
don't want to give up their prince their
prince hood but the thing is if we are
go you know this culture is this is a
moment of opportunity it is a moment of
opportunity when one way passes and a
new way comes I know it looks like a
moment of crisis but the crisis is all
an opportunity every one of us every one
of us has a piece of the culture in his
hand every one of us has a chance to act
like a man to reinvent what a man is to
act like a woman to reinvent what a
woman is every one of us has has that
possibility and when these large
structures let us down as the Catholic
Church has and as some of these huge
social media corporations are trying to
it is up to each one of us to start to
reinvent the world each one of us has
given a soul of his own to reinvent the
world with and we have to start to do it
it really is it's a big deal even though
each one of us is a small thing each one
of us doing it is an enormous deal all
right we got to get the new Lefty's
dictionary today it's G isn't it what is
G for let's play it G is for gun a gun
is an evil deadly creature that at any
moment may leap into the hand of an
innocent madman and kill everyone around
it
many innocent madmen have suffered at
the hands of guns there they were
standing in a crowd or a military
facility or a gay bar
minding their own business and shouting
Allahu Akbar
when suddenly a gun lept into their
hands and opened fire thus ruining the
innocent mad man's life many a person
has become a criminal simply because he
was standing on a dark street demanding
a fellow citizen hand over his wallet
when some opportunistic gun jumped into
his hand and mayhem ensued this wouldn't
happen if guns were banned if guns were
banned the criminal would say to himself
I was going to rob that person at
gunpoint but guns have been banned so I
will simply demand that he give me his
money and if he refuses well all the
worse for me women have been
particularly victimized by guns it's
easy to see why say some 5 foot 200
pound woman is dragged into a dark alley
by a muscle-bound 6 foot 4 male who
wishes to engage in what to him would be
a meaningful relationship if the woman
has a gun she might blow this guy to
hell and gone and thus miss out on an
amazing interpersonal experience so as
you can see guns
especially bad for women most
importantly guns are very dangerous to
leftists you see leftist believe that
your property and your conscience should
belong to the state they back up those
beliefs with laws that are enforced by
people with guns
if you refuse to hand your property and
conscience over to the state these
people with guns will come to your house
and arrest you if on the other hand you
also have a gun an ugly situation may
ensue this is not just theoretical it is
based on a true story that happened in
1776 so be warned
guns are unhealthy for leftists because
guns protect our property and our
conscience and they keep us free and we
wouldn't want that G is for gun I'm
Andrew Klavan with the Lefty's
dictionary I love this guy we gotta say
goodbye to Facebook and to YouTube you
can listen on YouTube you can listen on
fate on at the Daily wire calm but if
you come on over to the daily wired.com
you can and subscribe you can watch the
whole thing there and be in tomorrow's
mailbag where it's uncomfortable but you
get to ask questions and I change your
life alright we got joy Villa coming up
joy villas recording artist who hit
number one on the Billboard and Amazon
music charts with her with her song with
her album I make the static and her
single make America great again joy has
a new podcast the joy Villa show which
you could find on all podcasting
platforms as well as youtube.com slash
miss joy
Villa she also has the upcoming meet joy
Villa speaking tour and we talked more
about that
in our interview Joey Villa I'm so happy
to finally meet you it's usually used to
see you thank you for coming in
absolutely so you are going on a
speaking tour this is not a senior not
gonna be singing you're not gonna be
talking what are you going to be talking
about well answering questions that
everyone's been asking like that for the
last two years you know what made me
conservative why do I support Trump you
know what is it about me like that would
wear a dress at the Grammys how do I go
from my past Modi for Obama
to being a hardcore Trump supporter and
and how to make it in the music industry
being very different being very bold
yeah well those are those are excellent
questions some of which I'm going about
to ask you because I don't know but I
have to ask you this are you planning on
running for something is that why you're
doing not this time okay not this time I
toyed with it you know definitely got a
lot of attention for it which is amazing
the president tweeted his support
endorsed me before I even decided to run
I was like no pressure it was surprising
but it's something that I think that in
the end of my life I don't want to be
like the end of my life but you know as
I get a little older that don't be
something I'll actually do right now I
want to focus on just meeting the fans
getting the word out positivity and
support for the president 2020 and then
also my music career I've got a music
stuff coming out okay alright no no it's
interesting because when you wore that
dress rate rest you got you actually it
actually helped you on the charts yeah
yeah I mean it was a it was a really
good thing for you yeah was it also a
bad thing for you
well I never would have predicted that
something good would have happened I
mean of course I wore it I didn't really
think about it was like I'm gonna do
this because I support the president and
you know I'm very much like a loyalist
like I'll spend time looking and I
looked at President Trump like oh I
don't know is he what he says he is and
then I was like okay this is the man and
I voted for him then I became very a big
fan right but it was very secret I
couldn't talk to any of my liberal
friends about this or anybody not even
my conservative friends cuz a lot of
them didn't like Trump - so that was my
sort of coming out and that's all I
thought of I didn't think it's a long
term but afterwards hitting number one
on iTunes number one on you know
billboard and all of the Amazon was
something that was such an unexpected
blessing because really after I did that
I got a lot of hate I got oh yeah yeah
I got so many death threats I still get
death threats yes any time I come out
you know for being pro-life I get death
threats yeah I get rape threats for
being pro-life you really I do I mean
it's insane there it is so sick
these people are not people I'm afraid
of at first it's very overwhelming to
get hundreds of letters of yeah you know
evil
tensions and like oh you should die and
why are you even at the Grammys in blah
blah blah racial slurs right from other
black people other Hispanics telling me
I'm a race traitor this mat and all that
stuff that I've never I've never gotten
before but in the in the big picture
it's really a small amount compared to
the love okay even though I fell from
grace on some things I fell into the
arms of millions of fans who support me
what about what about in the business
are you still in an indie label you were
like so independent that's right yeah
yeah so but did it hurt you in the
business and we do you find you
agents but suddenly fine I mean my agent
does I get a lot of this stuff do you
does your agent call up and say oh no we
will not touch her well I I was with the
publicist at the time and he ended up
dropping me really yes because of this
not because I'm a trump supporter but
because of the hate mail oh because of
the attacks because it became harder for
him to to be the publicist of me and so
I ended up picking up another publicist
and they just recently dropped me just
because they picked up a new client that
was very anti my my political beliefs
and they let me know that which I think
is wrong I think which is you're gonna
represent someone who cares about their
political ideologies they're not hurting
someone
let them be them I mean there's
conservative pundits who need publicists
and you know agents so I've had a little
bit of that but I just go you know it's
fine I have long-term staff who love me
who know all about my political beliefs
and they've stuck with me for years so
I'm fine you know I mean it's the
Hollywood game you pick up a few yeah
you know how it is the publicist of this
of that but um recently Andrew I just
heard that I lost a movie role because
the director loved me wanted me for this
film because I also do some acting and
ended up going oh wait a second she's
the girl with the dress
I cannot hire her Wow and he said Wow
because I'm a socialist well so at least
we won't have to pay for his movie I'll
just give up on my own ideology I cannot
hire her because I'm a socialist Wow I'm
the producer of the film yeah it's a
good friend of mine
she told me that and this was a couple
months ago so I didn't know you know you
never know why you don't get certain
role that's true but the at least you
found out is yeah so you start out
you're a singer that's what you want to
do and I know if you're an artist all
you want to do is you want to make stuff
I feel the same way yeah but you like
everybody you have political beliefs so
you start out singing right you're not
but are you voting for Obama at that
point are you in Obama voter when you
start off well I've started out in 2011
so I had voted for Obama before that all
right I was in high school I just I
graduate high school I should graduate
high school two years earlier so I was
18 years old when Obama was running that
was his first term and that was my first
presidential bode that I could you know
yet for a president so I voted for Obama
thinking I was doing the right thing
yeah black he's charming I'm like of
course he gets John McCain I didn't like
him back then my dad loved Johnny okay
he's like 90 years old this guy it's not
him yes not he doesn't know what's
happening you know and as we see he
really doesn't know what's happened no
he was a terrible candidate horrible and
so I voted for him and then of course
after that I just I wasn't really
political I was an artist right I didn't
I didn't particularly like Obama you
know after he ran I just noticed that
the economy went down selling there were
more people on welfare you know there's
more disgruntlement there's worse race
relations even though he's a mixed race
yeah he's black and white he never said
that
was raised in Indonesia - he could be
United America could've yeah but instead
you know he chose to take the side of
black lives matter and divide the nation
and go against police officers and again
you know and I was he said the American
flag I'll never forget he said the
American dream is now achieved because
we're just getting by and I thought
that's not the American dream the
American dream is to be a billionaire
I'm going to help people and we're the
most charitable organization a
charitable country in the world we give
more to charity than any other country
and so we want to be rich but we want to
help others we want to succeed we want
to flourish we want to have family
that's the American dream right not just
to get by so so you're in the music
business you're surrounded by people in
the music business I assume right yeah
and you're suddenly you're looking with
your own eyes and you're seeing that the
Obama administration failed I mean it
wasn't a good administration yes
the iturra turned to the singer next to
you and say that I mean is that a
conversation you're you know during that
time I wasn't
outspoken politically okay I was
pro-life but I also kept that to myself
you know I was I was like oh I don't
want to talk about religion or politics
because it was such a liberal climate
yes and being young in my early 20s then
I'll go okay well everybody's liberal
right I sort of took on that liberal
jacket so to speak you know and I call
myself an sjw back then really social
justice yeah yeah I was I would retweet
those tweets you know like oh my gosh we
need to help this and we need to do that
of course because that's what all your
friends are talking about right right
and you're looking up to musicians and
actors like I want to be like them
Madonna you still love her not so much
anymore but yeah what are you just going
oh I want to be like these super girls I
have to think like them or it was
gradual but I just started noticing
suddenly I wasn't so open about my
conservative upbringing and it really
took Trump to sort of reset me then I go
oh wait a second I I was a registered
independent I said what am i a Democrat
I'm enamoured emma-crats really not
really am i but am i a Republican so it
sort of was like this slow you know
researching the Republican Party going
why I always loved Reagan my parents
were Republicans but does that make me a
Republican and I called myself a reborn
Republican and now I say yeah I'm
conservative
yeah I'm Republican doesn't mean I'm
gonna just vote straight party ticket
without doing research right but now I
see that the Republican Party actually
wants the same things that I want
traditionalism more families you know
less government control I want to
abolish the IRS taxes on hard workers
but don't reward the the most
undeserving of our society let's reward
families and people who are we're
keeping society going no but you put out
a music video for make America great
again yes which I thought was a good
song by the way and
and the message of it is very
multicultural very you know there are
all kinds of people that you want to
include and make America great again
yes the press line is that Donald Trump
is this racist sexist evildoer who just
as some some we just had played a tape
of a New York Times editorial is saying
he wants to round people up and shoot
them do you feel do you feel that the
Trump is in fact helping
multiculturalism in the sense of all of
us being different absolutely yes
oh yeah I mean every conservative or
Trump supporter that I know is different
from a different background religious
you know racial you know cultural I
there's no one certain Trump supporter
cuz I know tons of them millions of them
connected by the internet and my friends
personally who have revealed to me they
actually like that dress because I voted
for Trump and I go you voted for Trump
yes young people in the industry who
can't say that publicly because they
would lose jobs yeah
those people are Trump supporters many
of them are black Hispanic Asian young
old his ideas are timeless no you know
what he wants for America to build us
back to the greatness that we can be
that's timeless that's not one culture
that's not one color and he doesn't say
all black Americans can succeed even
though they are we have 39 percent
approval for Trump now in black America
amazing right and it's higher than
Hillary's ever was yeah
it's higher than Obama's actually was
with with things working so I mean the
economy's going well we're at peace the
judges do people ever come up to you now
that they know now that you've come out
then people ever come up to you and say
you know what you know what I kind of
maybe you're right doesn't do get any of
that at all the time you do all the time
especially now yeah that it's been you
know a little bit like a faster and
there's they're like oh well when you
first came out with a dress I didn't
know and then now I start listening to
you more now I see things I had a friend
she is from Germany and she said her
parents come from a socialist country
right Germany like back in the day
eastern Germany she remembers when the
wall was up she remembers the the tear
an Urkel you know things that happened
then and she said my parents were never
ever gonna be socialists they didn't
like Obama and she told me she revealed
to me I don't like liberals anymore and
this is someone who had posted you know
I'm a proud immigrant and sure was into
the immigration thing which is Trump was
never against immigration legally right
but it's just illegal immigration which
we should all be against because that
breaks the law it hurts Americans so she
was sort of liberal before and she just
revealed to me you know I actually like
Trump I'm actually looking at what he's
doing which is like okay that's all
right yeah I want to get back to the
music in just a minute but I want you
you do sound like you have some kind of
political aspirations ultimately and
obviously I mean you're at you're not
I've known people in the music business
you're obviously operating at an
intellectual level the music business if
you want to go forward into another
career yeah what what are the issues
that you see that you would like to deal
with as a congressman's Senate or
whatever you know it's funny because
even though I'm not running right now
and I'm that may be something I do but
later yeah I'm still very political okay
just by Nature and one of the things is
infrastructure in America you know we
need better infrastructure we need our
roads to be fixed we need you know
things to work right otherwise it's not
gonna work for for the future our
infrastructure just crashed under Obama
another thing is taxes we have to keep
taxes low we have to abolish the IRS I
think I mean it's very radical to say
but I would love to see that happen in
my lifetime or just lower it limit that
power and that just goes into the whole
less government control less power
another thing is rewarding families who
work hard too many times we see a
welfare is free for all you come here
illegally you can get welfare you know
the immigration laws are crazy if you're
illegally over here you're getting tons
of freebies and that should not be
what's happening if you're gonna get
freebies or breaks or you know help with
groceries give it to a hard-working
family that is barely slipping by but
they're least they're working right not
to people come here and say just give me
a handout so that kind of Tyson's are
the whole immigration thing we need to
abolish sanctuary cities you know we
need to just border control get our
borders under control and build that
okay now your honor speaking to where
you're gonna do singing to her I will
yeah definitely yeah right now the fans
are asking for it so I'm very fortunate
and blessed to have so many people who
you know listen to my music and watch my
live feeds I do a lot of live feeds
right and they're like what are you
gonna come to Dallas I said okay let's
just do let's set up a speaking tour
four cities
Dallas right after the Grammys next year
okay so I'll be I'll be doing Dallas
I'll do Nashville Pittsburgh and
Jacksonville great towns all great how's
Nashville my favorite but they say those
are great times okay and are you
recording an album anything I am yes
lots of music happening so I'm working
on an album it'll be a full length album
and I'm actually dropping some singles
before I go in tour okay so I've got a
couple songs that I will release with
music videos which also carry messages
that are very important to me I feel
like it's as a musician it's sort of my
job to carry a message I've always been
like that my music before I was
political had a message in it my
messages always people can achieve their
dreams they are not just animals bodies
that just die and disappear we're
spiritual beings now you're now a real
Republican that that's great joy it's
really lovely to meet you and we're
working people find you if they want to
see your work they can go to juvie low
calm okay you can find me on twitter at
joy underscore villa at instagram at joy
villa and facebook at joy villa music
okay it's great talking to you I really
hate your answer glass you're very
charming lady you know I think I'm I'm a
sucker for a pretty face but I think she
is actually a charming lady sexual
Follies
a Health Information site titled health
line which serves a reputed 85 million
people a month I'm reading this off our
own daily wire is offering an LGBTQ I
it's more like you know I don't even
know what I and a stands for but i but i
deeply don't care so as to I'll just say
it LGBTQ I a safe sex guide it
stipulates the word vagina is no longer
appropriate for that part of the female
anatomy
instead the breath the proper term for
that orifice is Funt whole I'm really
glad that you're conferring more dignity
on women by you know having a front hole
well why do they have to do this why is
a term that is perfectly valid why do
they have to change it to front hole the
LGBTQIA safe sex guide explains for the
purposes of this guide will refer to the
vagina as the front hole instead of
solely using the medical term vagina
this is gender inclusive language that's
considerate of the fact that some trans
people don't identify with the labels
the medical community attaches to their
genitals now first of all I think it's
an atrocity that the medical community
is going around attaching labels to
people's genitals
maybe this practice has to stop right
now all right so life site news janeth
Jonathan van Maron writes women who
claim they are men but are still
anatomically female feel that accurately
labeling their genitals is problematic
because they don't identify with the
medically correct terms in other words
they accurately fear that if someone
knows they have a vagina those people
will assume that they are female when
they have decided that they are not
that's wonderful I mean is that and this
is why I talk about I talk about
feminist culture collapsing because when
you are at war with reality the one
thing you can be certain of is that
you're going to lose the war because
reality always wins right but it's also
it's so degrading to women it is so
degrading to women you know being a
woman is a full box
experience it's a full life experience
it starts when you're a little girl it
it continues as you become a grown male
woman and you experience all the things
that happen in that all the
psychological things all the physical
things it is I have been told it can be
very beautiful very difficult like being
a man which can also which I think is
probably a less complex experience I
think being a man may be a less complex
experience but it is also an experience
full of beauty and pain and suffering
and to just basically say that you are
colonizing somebody else's experience
because you are experiencing some sort
of disconnect inside you is so offensive
it is so offensive to the people who are
actually living it and to then say you
know you can't we're gonna change these
words and that's gonna change reality is
just absurd but I love absurdity so at
least I got a laugh out of it at least I
can at least I'm laughing through my
face hole at their front hole so that's
I think that's that is worthwhile the
mailbag is tomorrow
get your subscription to The Daily wire
right now and then go on the site hit
the podcast button hit the Andrew Klavan
podcast button hit the little mailbag
symbol and you can ask anything you want
we will answer all your questions the
answers are guaranteed 100% correct and
as of the moment I speak them your life
will be changed and boy that's going to
be ugly
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show was beautiful
the Andrew Klavan show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover technical producer
Austin Stevens edited by Alex zingaro
audio is mixed by mic core Mina hair and
makeup is by jesuit vera and our
animations are by cynthia Angulo and
jacob jackson the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
