in those two paragraphs but just to give
it the full context this is what it says
in part it says it is time to admit that
there is a homosexual subculture within
the hierarchy of the Catholic Church
that is wreaking great devastation and
the vineyard of the Lord the Church's
teaching is clear that the homosexual
inclination is not in itself sinful but
it is intrinsically disordered in a way
that renders any man stabili afflicted
by it unfit to be a priest and the
decision to act upon the disordered
inclination is a sin so grave that it
cries out to heaven for vengeance
especially when it involves preying upon
the young or the vulnerable such
wickedness should be hated with a
perfect hatred Christian charity itself
demands that we should hate wickedness
just as we love goodness but while
hating the sin we must never hate the
sinner it was called the conversion
penance and renewed communion with
Christ in His Church through his
inexhaustible mercy at the same time
however the love and mercy which we are
called to have even for the worst of
sinners does not exclude holding them
accountable for their actions through a
punishment proportionate to the gravity
of their offense in fact a just
punishment is an important work of love
and mercy because while it serves
primarily as retribution for the offence
committed it also offers the guilty
party an opportunity to make expiation
for his sin in this life if you
willingly accept as punishment thus
sparing him worst punishment in the life
to come
motivated therefore by love and concern
for souls I stand with those calling for
justice to be done upon the guilty now
the most notable thing is how he calls
out the homosexual subculture in the
church and this is a a subculture that a
lot of people don't want to admit exists
even people outside of the church are
saying oh no it's got nothing to do with
that well you've got people inside the
church in the know who are saying yes
this exists it is directly linked to the
to the to the sex scandals and it's a
big problem
so that's notable but also very notable
is his call to hatred perfect hatred as
he says and I think there's a very
important truth here and I think we are
as Christians is modern people in
general are repelled by the idea of
hating a call to hatred really upsets us
but that's only because we have been
indoctrinated into the modern effeminate
version of the faith
version of Christianity that thinks
hatred is an objective evil and it's the
one thing we should always fight against
as Christians the version that says
hatred can not be of God because God is
love and hatred is loves opposite and of
course it is true that God is love but
the rest of that equation is completely
wrong it's untrue hatred is not the
opposite of love hatred is really an
element of love hatred is a part of love
a sign of love hatred is love turned
militant hatred is the ferocious part of
love the aggressive part now there are
of course bad forms of hatred there are
a lot of they're not all not all hatred
is bad but not all hatred is good
obviously and but we can easily tell if
it is a good or bad hatred by looking at
what the hatred militates against hatred
is always opposing something well let's
look at what it's opposing so hatred of
a different race of people is bad hatred
it's a disordered hatred because it is
hatred directed at you at human beings
at individuals but even this you know
hatred is always attached to love so
even this disordered hatred is attached
to a disordered love and the disordered
bad love in this case that is attached
to race racial hatred would be the
disordered enthusiasm that you have for
your own race a racist person makes
their own race in Idol they elevate it
far above where it belongs and so other
races fall below it and are hated now on
the other hand if a if a loved one has
cancer and you hate the cancer that
hatred is linked to your love of the
person who's being destroyed by the
disease so it's a good hatred it's a
necessary hatred and it would be a very
sick thing and be very weird strange
horrible thing if you didn't hate the
cancer of a person who you love or or of
any person
for a personal example you know I can
say that as a parent I have really come
to hate a lot of the filth on TV and the
Internet I may have disapproved of it
before but now as a parent I hate it
when I see the stuff on TV I really
deeply hate it because of what it can do
to my children and how it can how it can
steal their innocence and so I have a
real burning hatred for it that is
attached to my love of my kids so and we
all have that right we all hopefully
most of us love our kids and so there
are there are things in the world that
we see could be harmful to our children
and we hate those things
it's part of being a parent it's part
it's part of loving somebody love you
know I think love is something that
always seeks to embrace its object while
hatred seeks always to annihilate its
object and so those of us who think that
we should never hate must therefore
believe that there's nothing in the
world that deserves to be annihilated
when you hear people say well we've got
to get rid of all the hatred no more
hatred in the world
I guess they believe that there's
nothing in the world that should be
hated nothing in the world that should
be destroyed but I disagree I think
there's plenty to be annihilated plenty
to be destroyed in the world there are
many ugly terrible awful deadly
revolting things in our world and I
think we should have a raw Raging hatred
for all of those things a hatred that
stems from our love of those that we
embrace and those that we want to
protect from those things and our rawest
and most raging hatred of all should be
directed at sin but the Bible is pretty
clear on this the Bible speaks
repeatedly of this holy and righteous
hatred and any commands that doesn't
just allow us but it commands us to have
this kind of hatred in our hearts for
sin and for evil Psalm 97
let those who love the Lord hate evil
proverbs 8:13 to fear the Lord is to
hate evil Romans 12 9 hate what is evil
cling to what is good
proverbs mentions 7 things that God
hates himself and in 4 places in the
Bible and you heard it referenced in
that letter that I read we're told about
sins that are so terrible that they cry
out to heaven for vengeance that's how
bad they are now there's a passage in
Revelation that I think is really
interesting it says I know your deeds
your hard work and your perseverance I
know that you cannot tolerate wicked
people yet I hold this against you you
have forsaken the love you had it first
consider how far you have fallen repent
and do the things you did it first if
you do not repent I will come to you and
remove your lampstand from its place but
you have this in your favor
you hate the practice practices of the
Nicolaitans which I also hate so this is
what makes it interesting is it God is
talking to the church in Ephesus and he
can find very few redeeming qualities
about them except for their hatred and
their intolerance those are the two
things he cites positively those are the
two good things when he's indicted them
for the bad things he says well but at
least you have correct hatred and you're
intolerant of wickedness so that you got
going for you
if we tend to look at those as that
whether those are the two things hatred
in town those are the worst thing in
this case God is saying those are the
two best things about you because we
understand that they are ordered
correctly they're directed in the right
direction so they're good and they are
the redeeming qualities after you have
to wonder what redeeming qualities will
God find in the church in America
because we've also forsaken we have we
have also forsaken the love we had at
first but but neither do we have this
hatred for wickedness and there's
intolerance of wickedness so we have
none of that going for us and we tend to
believe that well yeah we've got all
this bad stuff but at least we're so
tolerant we are such a tolerant Church
now here we were we were so tolerant as
Christians and and and so maybe all the
bad stuff will be overlooked because of
our tolerance but the opposite is the
case our tolerance will not compensate
for the other sins because our tolerance
is one of our greatest sins tolerance is
never commanded in the Bible because
it's not a virtue it's a false virtue we
should be running hot and cold as
Revelation said we we should we should
love and we should hate and these things
should be properly ordered and properly
directed the only things that we should
really tolerate are the things that are
morally neutral and thus we don't need
to be told to tolerate them so I can
tolerate for instance the color of the
shirt you're wearing and I hope you
tolerate the color of the shirt that I'm
wearing because it's not pink it's
salmon I tolerate the existence of that
tree outside I tolerate the sky I
tolerate the number seven I tolerate the
color blue I teller ate the grass no
these are many things that I tolerate
because they're morally neutral they
just are it would be very weird for me
to have negative feelings about them
they just they they exist and so fine
they exist they in themselves they have
no moral substance
but and that's why nobody would ever
tell you well tolerate the grass you
know tolerate that thing over there they
wouldn't tell you that it's the kind of
things that people feel the need to tell
us we should tolerate that should not be
tolerated people tell us we're told to
tolerate people of other races no we
shouldn't tolerate people of other races
we should love them people tell us to
tolerate opposing ideas well no we
shouldn't tolerate opposing ideas it
really depends on what the ideas if it's
a bad idea if it's a false idea if it's
a harmful idea then we should reject it
we shouldn't just thought we should
simply tolerate it we should reject it
if it's a good idea if it's true if it's
and all that then we should embrace it
I don't think tolerance really comes
into play we're told to tolerate
debauchery and perversion and sin no we
shouldn't tolerate those things we
should hate them because they're
degrading and harmful and there are
defense against God and against man
things that have some kind of moral
significance good or bad should provoke
something in us stronger than mere
tolerance and if it's a sin than it
should provoke hatred and it will
provoke hatred if we really love God and
if we're truly outraged at offenses
against him now it'll be stipulated that
we should always make sure it said it
said in the letter that I read we should
always make sure to love the sinner as
we hate the sin and that's obviously a
mantra that you hear repeated quite a
bit it's true
we should make sure that we hate the sin
and we're not hating the sinner we
shouldn't we shouldn't hate human beings
because as I said to hate something is
to want to destroy it
annihilate it and we shouldn't have that
feeling about a human being
I guess I should say it's more maybe
it's more than just wanting to destroy
something it's like wanting to dam it
really wanting to send it to hell which
is what we want to do with bad things
with sins is just damn them to hell down
into the darkness and we should never
have that feeling about a person because
we should always want people to be saved
we should always want people to even bad
people to repent and go to heaven that's
that's the desire we should have for all
people so hate the sin not the sinner
but there really isn't a conflict here
we hate a sinner's sin because we love
him and we love God the two things are
linked so most of the time it doesn't
even make any sense it's redundant it's
pointless that cells tell someone well
make sure you're not eight in the sinner
well it's uh if I if I if I hated the
sinner I wouldn't hate his sin if if I
really hate the sinner then I probably
won't have much urgency nur I'll more
likely take pleasure in his sin because
it's destroying him and I hate him and
so I like to see him destroy think about
it think about a time when you have
really hated someone even though we're
not supposed to hate people
many of us have committed that sin I
believe so
if it's if you've ever if you have ever
hated someone before as wrong as it was
did you feel disappointment did you feel
sadness when you heard about the bad
things that they did
if there's been someone say at work who
you hate and but and then and then
someone else comes up to you and says
and says oh well hey guess what terrible
things so-and-so did do you go no no
don't don't tell me I don't want to be
disappointed in them don't please don't
tell me about those things um no you are
you're amused you're delighted by the
terrible things they do that's why
people enjoy gossiping about those they
dislike that's what makes gossip so
vicious and so awful because it delights
insid that's all point of gossip nobody
gossips about good things if it's a good
thing you're complimenting someone
behind their back then it's not gossip
gossip is always negative things and
it's almost always Oh guess what
so-and-so did that just listen to the
terrible things they've done and it's a
hateful conversation it's hateful of the
person and it is delighting in the bad
things that that they did and I think
that's the mistake we make we say that a
gossipy person is judgmental but that's
not true they aren't making judgments
against sin they're loving sin the
problem isn't that they have too much
moral judgment the problem is that they
lack moral judgment entirely so usually
when we really hate someone we oh we
have no Tim we have no inclination to
hate their sin and usually if we really
hate somebody's sin if we see someone
doing something and it's wrong and we
really hate the wrong thing then that is
gonna come at least in part that's going
to stem from our respect and love for
that person because we just hate to see
them doing this thing
and we've all experienced that is what
think about his parents especially I
don't have older kids but especially as
your kids get older and they get to the
age where they can really do really bad
things and they can really hurt you I
think about when you've found out about
your kid doing some really bad thing and
you absolutely hate what they did you
have a real hatred for what they did but
you have no hatred for them whatsoever
your your the intensity of your hatred
for their actions comes from your love
for them because they're so disappointed
and hurt that someone that you love
would do this thing and you wish uuuuu
do anything if you could go back and
erase it so that they never did that
thing right I think the tempt the
temptation to hate - the sin and the
sinner together at the same time that
only really arises when the sin is so
terrible and so horrific and our
revulsion against it is so intense that
we just have trouble separating the two
and that does happen I think with the
more minor sins it's different it's easy
to hate a white lie but not to hate the
person who told the white lie and that's
an easy that it's easy to separate those
two things it's much more difficult I
think when it comes to something like
child rape it is in that case much more
difficult to hate the child rape while
loving the child rapist because that sin
is of a certain nature and it's to a
certain degree that we the militant side
of our love takes over that kind of
destroying annihilating offensive
protective kind of side of us and we we
simply want to destroy everything
associated with that sin because this
sinner has descended so deeply into the
darkness that we can barely even
recognize his own humanity and all we
want to do is easil like I said my piece
yesterday I wrote on this is kind of
like lob or grenade
into that into that darkness and destroy
everything inside of it that's the
inclination that we have and it's wrong
we should repent of that you know even
with something like child rape
we should detest the sin with the fire
of a thousand suns but we should not
detest the person although like I said
with sins like that it is really
difficult to separate those two uh and I
have not figured out exactly how to
separate them I'll fully admit that
probably in every case that I've read
about a case like that my first reaction
is just full-on hatred for everything
involved and it's covering everything I
can I can't target it you know I it's
it's not a targeted hatred and so that's
something I need to repent of and that's
something I need to work on but you know
and I think that's probably case for a
lot of us right and we should all work
on that we should never just accept the
fact that we're hating another human
being
no matter how terrible that human is but
I think we should also be worried about
ourselves if we don't experience that
temptation at all like when it comes to
child rape if you have no trouble not
hating the child rapist if you have no
temptation to even hate them and it's no
problem for you it's like yeah oh yeah
fine I yeah I don't hate him at all well
that could mean that you are saintly and
spiritually enlightened and so
spiritually mature and and and you have
grown so much that you can easily
separate the two hate the sin not the
sinner it's no problem for you that
could be the case in which case I admire
you but more likely and I think for most
people in that category it just means
that you're indifferent
that's where it comes from maybe a more
a more more relevant example is abortion
so I'll talk to Christians sometimes
about abortion Christians who are I'm
talking about Christians who would
identify nominally as pro-life they say
that it did oh yeah they don't support
abortion it's bad you know it's murder
so I mean they'll play it they'll pay it
lip service but um when you talk to them
it's clear that they they they have no
real anger at all they don't they don't
really feel anything about it and then
they'll go on and they'll launch into a
saying about ah you know I don't like
how pro-life or sometimes they're -
they're they're too hateful and they're
they're mean and all this and they'll
start talking about criticizing the
methods that pro-life and if pro-lifers
are too aggressive or - or too hateful
in their approach and they'll be
critical of that they'll say you know we
got to be more reasonable we need to
blah blah blah and a lot of what they're
saying is true but you realize when
you're listening to them it's easy for
them to say that because they have no
hatred at all for abortion they don't
have they don't have hatred for the
people that are getting abortions which
is good but they also ride hatred for
abortion they just don't really care
that much they haven't really that they
they don't feel much about it and so
it's really easy for them to stand off
at a distance and say oh yeah don't hit
you know you got to be more be more
civil right and that's bad I think it
if we have to err it's better to err on
the other side I think if we have if we
have to err it's better to err on the
side of having too much hatred for
really evil things then not having
enough or really any hatred for it
because when you get on that side now
you're tumbling very close to
indifference and in I think indifference
is the most dangerous state for a
Christian or really any person to be in
and it seems like it's very hard to
climb out of indifference because it's a
total lack of it's it's a it is a vacuum
there's nothing there you feel nothing
and I don't know what do you do to
generate those feelings of love and
hatred and everything else on the other
hand if you look at something like
abortion or child rape and you're so
overcome with anger and fury at this
awful terrible thing and maybe it's a
little overboard because it starts
bleeding into your hating people you
know that's bad but it's it's better air
on that side because then at least
there's something there to work with
you've got the right general idea I mean
you you see this evil thing and you hate
it you hate it for the right reasons
because of what it does to innocent
people and that's all good and now you
through prayer and discipline you just
have to figure how to target that more
and be more and be more restrained in in
your response to it
I guess my fear is that in our culture
among Christians and people in general
we tend to err much more on the other
side towards indifference and it's
because of that that we have come to see
hatred as this objectively terrible
thing that we should never ever do
because a lot of us are never tempted
towards it because we simply feel
nothing and that's a bad sign all right
I'll leave it there thanks for watching
everybody thanks for listening Godspeed
