you've heard this case of Jack Phillips
he's the Baker who didn't want to cater
a gay wedding and so this gay couple
sued him all the way up it went up to
the Supreme Court collar with state of
Colorado said you have to do it
forget about your religion no one cares
about your religion goes all the way up
to the Supreme Court and the Supreme
Court found that his First Amendment
rights had been violated his rights to
speech and his right to religion have
been violated by this political lobby
that wants him to make gay wedding cakes
so the same day that the Supreme Court
agreed to hear his case another guy
calls up and he says I want you to make
a cake which is blue on the inside and
pink on the outside to celebrate my
transition from being a man to a woman
I guess he's he's a man who thinks he's
a woman and he's going to to take
hormones and remuda laid himself for
something to do that and he wants Jack
Phillips to participate in that
celebration so Phillips says no I don't
want to do that thank you very much I've
died I don't specialize in those cakes
and I'm not going to do it and of course
then he's being harassed by his
government again an obvious setup right
of course and the headlines are Jack
Phillips under fire again
god what a bigot this guy is as though
Jack Phillips is the only Baker in the
state of Colorado
this guy man are there is there no other
cake shop in these in these states I
don't I don't think it appears that way
so how does late-night deal with this
he's obviously being targeted by these
insane political activists on the Left
they're trying to ruin his life they've
made him fire half as employees he's
lost 40% at least of his income so how
is this being played has this being
joked about on late-night Jimmy Kimmel
take it away
what case after you've refused to make a
wedding cake for the same-sex couple
well he's back in court because of
another cake he doesn't want to bake
Jack Phillips filed a lawsuit against
the governor of Colorado this time over
a gender transition cake it was blue on
the outside and pink in the middle and
somebody wanted to have this cake the
Colorado Civil Rights Division says he
has to bake it for them and he doesn't
want to which is really funny because
this is a guy who spends all day every
day meticulously designing flowers out
of icing his whole life is gay okay
I worry the long cake might might bring
that to life or what and I will add this
is Jack Phillips the totally straight
cake Baker you would think that someone
who looks like the Reba McEntire version
of Colonel Sanders would be more
sympathetic to gender identity issues
he's gay get it do you get it he's gay
ha ha it's funny to be gay because it's
because according to Jimmy Kimmel it's
bad to be gay that's why it's a joke
right because it's bad to be gay and
that and he's gay
ha ha ha ha ha that's the joke so at
this one I don't really get Jimmy Kimmel
keeps putting his foot in his mouth on
this he did this with Sean Hannity he
was arguing with Sean Hannity on Twitter
and he said Hannity you're gay and then
all of his fans said wait a second it's
okay to be gay I thought Jimmy you're on
the left and we on the left they've been
talking about how it's okay to be gay
and now you're saying it's bad to be gay
I don't doesn't quite make sense it's
such an easy joke and it's so but it's
so bizarre because if Jimmy Kimmel's
whole premise is that it's it's gay
marriage is a wonderful thing and the
state should force you to participate in
gay weddings and being a man who thinks
you're a woman and then you're gonna
make yourself look more like a woman
that's a great thing in the state should
force you to participate in those
celebrations then why would being gay be
an insult it doesn't really make a lot
of sense does it but he does this all
the time
