journalists are afraid that Donald Trump
is a danger to free speech and feel that
anyone who disagrees should be banned
from social media
Alexandria Google eyes Cortez is afraid
that Donald Trump is a danger to free
speech and her rallies are now
off-limits to journalists who are afraid
that Donald Trump is a danger to free
speech late night comedians are afraid
Donald Trump is a danger to diversity so
every single one of them is making jokes
about Donald Trump because they all
believe the same thing none of the
comedians is making jokes about Google
eyes Cortez who is banned journalists
who are afraid Donald Trump is a danger
to free speech while conservatives are
being banned from social media by
leftists who are not a danger to free
speech because they're banning the
speech of conservatives who are a danger
to free speech because they are banning
the speech of no one and Tifa is against
fascists so they are wearing masks and
beating people up who disagree with them
because people who disagree with them
are fascists who journalists feel are a
danger to free speech because they
aren't beating anyone up but are being
banned from social media because they
are a danger to the free speech of
journalists who are united and being in
favor of diversity because they all
believe the same thing which is that
Donald Trump is a danger to free speech
because he is criticizing journalists
which journalists feels is a danger to
free speech because it's free speech
Alex Jones is a crazy conspiracy
theorist and so powerful social media
corporations have conspired to silence
him because he has proved himself to be
a danger to free speech because he
hasn't silenced anyone and believes in
conspiracies which have silenced him so
in general I think we can safely say
that leftist believe conservatives are a
danger to free speech and so they
silenced them because leftist believe
that free speech is a danger to free
speech
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show
all right the lovely and talented
Michael Knowles will be with us he's
been rescued from the futures future
unemployment does anybody work back
there they do these elaborate jokes
they've got flames coming out of the
driveway I I'm the only person who's
doing anything anyway we're glad to have
him back here's our cultural
correspondent and we've got skill show
you know over the weekend I set up my
new keyboard because I want to teach
myself to play piano and Skillshare is a
great place to go to learn stuff because
skill short share is an online learning
platform with over 20,000 classes and
business design technology and more you
can take classes in just about anything
social media marketing illustration data
science creative writing you name it
they have got it I have tested them out
I've tested them out on things I know
about like writing and they're give very
good advice for how to get started and
I've tested amount of things that I
don't know about like podcasting when we
wanted to do another Kingdom I actually
took some of their classes really good
stuff experts giving you a series of
classes that are you know you don't have
to pay for more in the middle of them
you pay for Skillshare and then you get
them all whether you're trying to deepen
your professional skill set start a side
hustle or just explore new passions
Skillshare is there to keep you learning
and thriving join the millions of
students already learning on Skillshare
today with a special offer just for my
listeners you get two months of
Skillshare for just 99 cents that's
right Skillshare is offering the andrew
Clavin show listeners two months of
unlimited access to over 20,000 classes
for just 99 cents to sign up go to
Skillshare comm / andrew Skillshare
dot-com / andrew two months for 99 cents
at Skillshare dot-com / andrew nine
cents it's like nothing it's nothing you
know it's like 2,000 class of con
alright so you know I'm not the first
person to notice this but obviously we
know that when the left accuses you have
some
is usually something they do I'm very
big on projection they accuse the right
of racism because they think everything
is about race because they're racists
so they accuse us of racism because
they're racists they accuse us of sexism
and they treat women feminists
especially they treat women like these
rational little flowers who fold up as
anything you know it's like I mean we
don't do that but they accuse us of that
but the important one that they're doing
now to Donald Trump is they accuse us of
going insane because they are going
insane I mean they are going nuts you
know we are in the midst at MIT what you
know when when conservatives are very
bad at discussing the culture they
really do not know the culture and I
despair of it because even our brightest
guys who seem to be talking about the
culture sometimes are not doing it very
well and one of the things that we
mistake is we mistake the products of
the last culture which is like what's
happening now Donald Trump which was the
product of the culture of the last 50
years with the culture what's happening
in the culture now Donald Trump is the
creation
what were your experience now is the
breakdown of feminists culture we're
just watching the feminist culture of
the last decades collapse so the minute
Donald Trump you know took office we had
women who walking around the streets
with hats which represented the fact
that their vaginas are now where their
brains are supposed to be you know it so
we're watching feminist culture
breakdown entirely the me2 movement you
were suddenly finding oh oh all those
guys who support even the woman that
were that actress who was the head of
the me2 movement has now been charged
with abusing a guy we're finding out
that feminist sexuality and feminism in
the workplace didn't really work out
that well for women so it's all kind of
that's all kind of breaking down but
Trump is a creation of feminist culture
because feminism you know how they say
with guns that if you outlaw guns only
outlaws will have guns well under
feminist culture they outlawed
masculinity so only outlaws could be
masculine and if you look back at the
culture of the last I don't know 20 30
years what are the shows that feature
the most masculine men you get the
Sopranos they get Breaking Bad I was I
was at the Sony lot pitching a
television show to this woman and I look
out the windows producer and I look out
the window and there's a van outside and
people are walking up to this van and
touching it like it is the true cross I
mean Siri
and finally as I finished my pitch I
said yeah what is that what is that and
she said that's the van with a guy in
Breaking Bad cooks the meth and I said
they're worshipping the van of a meth
dealer that's what we're doing and if
you watch Breaking Bad people always say
that I've always I've heard this from a
dozen women in Hollywood who work in
Hollywood they'll say to me well people
support and have sympathy with the meth
dealer in Breaking Bad because he's
doing it for his family
that's not why if you watch the first
episode of Breaking Bad he's a wimp
he is henpecked his wife controls him
everybody dominates him and what we
watch is through becoming a meth dealer
he becomes a man and that's why he's
appealing Tony Soprano the reason we
follow him is because he's a man
Donald Trump is a product of a culture
in which only outlaws can be men that is
why he is so disturbing to us when he
does this stuff he does and yet we
support him and we sympathize with him
because we see that they outlawed being
a man and this is guy who sit comes in
and says I don't care what you say about
me I don't care you know did I say the
n-word too bad pal that's too bad
you know it's it's just I'm not gonna
let you tell me what to say I'm not
gonna let you tell me what to think I'm
not gonna let you tell me what to do and
like know what we do and what has
happened now since that hit that outlaw
male has triumphed the Breaking Bad guy
is essentially running the country
although he's not that he's not an
outlaw and sense of criminal he's just
an out along the sense that he's against
the culture the left has gone yeah Shane
it's gone insane you know I I hear
people sometimes say I heard Ben say
this he said that a man who thinks he's
a woman a transgender man is mentally
ill I don't think he's mentally ill he
may have you know physical things we
don't know what's going on inside of me
he may not be mentally ill but the guy
who tells you he's a woman because he
says so he's mentally ill and he's the
editor of the New York Times the people
who are talking on air are nuts and so
that's what they are accusing Donald
Trump of they are you know you want to
see you want to see how nuts they are I
put together weird the guys here put
together a little montage of what
they're just saying this weekend about
Donald Trump here is the nut
all montage from the left in Nazi
Germany Hitler told people what they
were gonna do and assumed that no one
was gonna get in his way and Donald
Trump has assumed that no one would get
in his way and so far if you look at the
silence of Congress he's right if this
is a white supremacist country and we
have to deal with that every day in
everything and how we relate to the
police and how we relate to jobs and how
we read some criminal justice system and
everything I believe he wants to start a
race war in this country rounding people
up and murdering murdering them without
any you know process certainly like to I
don't think you can say that
definitively get out the left over one
weekend Cady tour saying well he's not
round here people kill him and the woman
who says that he he is he'd like to he'd
like to be around young gay that's
that's a woman from the knuckle head row
that's Michelle Goldberg from the New
York Times
these people are Looney Tunes okay
they are Looney Tunes so over the
weekend there's this story and by the
way Molly Hemingway I got a point that's
out Molly Hemingway has said she had a
tweet that came out if you think that of
media coverage and other resistance
activity as a Westworld like loop where
they alone are unaware they're repeating
themselves it all makes more sense there
on the obstruction loop there on the
obstruction loop they'll soon hit the
25th amendment when again that's where
you replace the president because he's
nuts okay so that that was something she
said like a year ago that something
Molly said like a year ago so over the
weekend Maggie Haberman and her
colleague at the New York Times they
write a story and let's remember that
Maggie Haberman there was a in January
2015 there was a strategic memo from the
Clinton campaign from the Clinton
campaign the memo was called shaping a
public narrative this is from sharyl
Attkisson book right and Clinton
officials described Maggie Haberman who
then worked for Politico as an ideal
friendly journalist willing to generate
positive press for the Clinton campaign
we feel that it's important to go with
what is safe and what has worked in the
past we've had a very good relationship
with Maggie Haberman of Politico over
the past year we've had her tee up
stories for us
and have never been disappointed that's
Maggie Haberman that now she's the New
York Times what what White House
correspondent and they hired her after
this stuff came out right so the oh
there's a Clinton operative there's a
Clinton you know a toady put her on the
White House to cover Trump well I guess
maybe they thought she was gonna be
covering I don't know they're they hire
her after Trump I can't remember but
maybe they thought she was gonna be
covering Clinton's so they could give
her all the love they wanted to give her
so now they run a story about Donald
Magan who is White House Counsel that
he's talking to robert muller and that's
a breathless story from Maggie Haberman
and and one other reporter and it's
about he's he he that began has given a
mix of damaging and favorable
information about the president but he
said mr. Trump did not go beyond his
legal authority as a president but he's
been given all this stuff the original
story was just full of like this thing
that again had become John Dean he's
turning it all over to the Muller
investigation so Trump you know is
furious and he goes off in eight Suites
and he says the faily New York Times
wrote a fake piece today implying that
because White House cancelled Don Magan
was giving hours of testimony to the
special counsel he must be a John Dean
type rat but I allowed him and all the
others to testify and have demanded
transparency so this rigged and
disgusting which on can come to a close
so many lives have been ruined over
nothing McCarthyism and its worst yet
Muller and his gang of Dems refused to
look at the real crimes on the other
side and the media is even worse so so
first of all in order from again to
testify to robert muller he's the White
House Counsel right so they have to
waive executive privilege so Donald
Trump waived executive privilege it is
proof positive that what he is saying is
true that he let the guy go over there
and so what the Times does is they put
together stuff from Steve Bannon Steve
Bennett said oh we shouldn't waive
executive privilege it's dangerous we
shouldn't basically they put together
this idea that the Trump allowed this to
happen but somehow it's all gone out of
control and Trump objects because it's a
phony story it's a ridiculous story the
way it is written is ridiculous and
false and and it's all and also on top
of which where's the information coming
in from it's got to be coming from
Muller right it's got to be coming from
the Muller investigation so Trump goes
off and he puts out
I don't know you know what his usual
number of tweets of just absolutely
condemning that's so remember what Molly
said Molly said firstly go for
obstruction of justice and this is what
they say Muller is investigating when
that doesn't stick it's he's crazy so in
reaction to this Joe Scarborough tweets
anyone who has known Trump for years and
doesn't have a stake in his political
career where the GOP says the same he is
unwell and has been getting
progressively worse over the past 18
months Molly's right there in West world
they're playing when I ain't out there
robots playing out the resistance loop
and they don't know here's brian Stelter
saying the same thing there's so much
wrong with these tweets even misspells
the word counsel and it doesn't stop
there
here are six of the tweets today at one
point he's comparing muller to joseph
mccarthy you look at this if you were in
some other foreign capital and you'd say
is is the president okay is he all right
he's nuts he's a crazy man who they're
saying he's Hitler
I remember by the way that was that was
Reagan's daughter I remember when Reagan
was Hitler I remember when George W Bush
was Hitler everybody that this agrees
with the left is Hitler and then and
then they have yeah you know they really
they just have to pay the president some
respect I think ESP ICT maybe should
gain some respect I don't know what this
is who we're dealing with this is the
best guys and they're yelling about
Trump is insane and then and then I love
this now this is this is just they are
so comical at this point Chuck Todd as
Rudy Giuliani on and
you know let's think about this for a
minute right the Muller investigation is
clearly linking to Clinton toady Maggie
Haberman at the New York Times clearly
they're leaking which should be a league
I think it is illegal to do and and so
now so they're obviously looking to get
him on obstruction of justice and of
course once you are interviewed by the
feds make a mistake say something that's
a little overblown and you know Trump is
not exactly the most precise guy in a
speech Trump goes in there is
interviewed by Muller they get him
online because he says oh you know yeah
I remember
my crowds were bigger than Obama's they
go out and find a know his crowds worth
fifteen people less and they bring him
up on federal charges and surgically he
is trying to protect them so that so
Chuck Todd brings Giuliani on and
Juliana's trying to explain to him that
you know you can get caught in a perjury
trap even if you're not committing real
perjury the kind of perjury that we
think of as perjury so he gets him they
get get talking and here's what Giuliani
says look I'm not gonna be rushed into
having him testify so that he gets
trapped into perjury and when you tell
me that you know he should testify
because she's gonna tell the truth that
he shouldn't worry well that's so silly
because it's somebody's version of the
truth not the truth he didn't have a
conversation this crowd I don't mean to
go like I know it isn't truth truth
isn't truth the president United States
says I didn't truth is a truth mr. mayor
do you realize what I know don't do that
don't do this to me
you see Giuliani knows exactly what
happens he said something a little
awkward because because Chuck that's a
truth is truth which obviously is not
true in a case like this in a case like
this it's who says what and well there
they can set you up and how they can get
you and so he says truth isn't truth and
so that becomes the big headline just
like just exactly like Mitt Romney
saying I put women in binders I had all
these women and binders suddenly that
became the true proof that Mitt Romney
was abusing these poor women shoving
them into binders just there all you can
see was their high heels coming out of
the binder was discussed it was a
horrible horrible it's like an atrocity
you know it's trust me because because
they own the echo chamber so they can
take that out of context where he was
clearly saying you only get a version of
the truth you don't get the truth from
people they take it out of context and
they think oh my gosh we have them we've
got them it's the echo chamber he's in
the echo chamber they're gonna repeat
this forever they're gonna repeat this
forever what they don't understand they
cannot gotten yet is the Trump has an
echo chamber too and somebody pallone
the right who are so anti Trump they
don't understand that this is a good
thing it is a good thing the Trump is
creating another kind of echo chamber
they don't know we're not listening to
them anymore they're nuts they're
sitting around saying that it's the
Trump is Hitler they're saying he wants
to round people up and shoot him they're
saying he wants to start a race war
they're saying they're living my
favorite they're living in the handmade
I just haven't had this picture of these
left-wing billionaire matrons sitting
out on Martha's vineyard's then yeah
it's terrible it's like the hangman
handmade still darling would you bring
me another cocktail please is with I
found minutes you know they're living in
this imaginary world and they think
we're going to join them too and then
when Trump strikes back
it's like daddy's home when trunk
strikes back it's like oh he hit go but
you know it's like you know the little
kid who annoys you and it annoys you
noisy and you finally give my smack and
so I what do you do to me you know act
like he takes away this this perfidious
gasbag John Brennan is accusing that
he's a CI ex CIA director and communist
accusing the president of treason right
and Trump says you know that's out of
line I'm taking away your security
clearance so you can't go around cashing
in on your your government service by
calling the President of the United
States
you know treason so so the gasbag tries
to pull this back first he tries to pull
it back and and even on MSNBC they're
calling him on the fact that he called
the president a traitor so here he is
trying to dial it back for the president
United States to continue to prevaricate
on this issue I think does a great
injustice and a disservice to the men
and women of the intelligence law
enforcement community and does a great
disservice to the Citizens United States
and that's why I said it was nothing
short of treasonous I didn't mean that
he committed treason but it was a term
that I used nothing short of treasonous
well you didn't mean that he committed
treason though I said it's nothing short
of treasonous that was the term that I
use yeah that's that if we if we diagram
the sentence now I'm sure of treasonous
means it's treason this Rachel Maddow
that is matter Rises not know let's
merit ya know Rachel Maddow Robert
Michael Knowles look-alike Rachel Maddow
is it herself is saying if you say is
nothing short of treasonous he committed
treason well I didn't say committed
treason but then Chuck Todd has him on
and he's back again this is this is like
where this guy is after getting one
smack in the face he's suddenly a
toddler who doesn't know what he's
talking about
do you regret essentially accusing the
president of treason do you do you
regret some of the things you have said
I called his behavior treasonous which
is to betray one's trust and to aid and
abet the enemy and I stand very much by
that claim you are the former CIA
director accusing the sitting president
United State it's not a private citizen
a lot of people here the former CIA
director accusing the sitting president
United States of treason that's that's
monument that's a monumental accusation
well I think these are abnormal times
even Chuck Todd knows you've got to pay
the president some respect our ESPI
c-team respect you've got to pay the
president it's respect because without
respect the whole world you know we
don't respect one another the whole
world falls apart what I love is you
know John Brennan the reason he's such a
gas bag is because he was at the center
of a conspiracy to use our intelligence
services to spy on a political candidate
that is what he did he pushed he pushed
this completely unproven steel document
these these unproven allegations from
the opposition party he pushed him on
Comey he leaked them to the press he he
did all this stuff and he knows it and
he's basically covering it up with all
this gasbag eree
so now there's suddenly a danger to
these guys that their gas battery is
gonna cost them their very expensive
security clearance and suddenly you
watch them they're scrambling like
roaches James clapper who's also
involved in this who also like John
Brennan lied to Congress under oath
right this is another guy who lied to
Congress under oath and they're talking
to us about how evil Donald Trump is I
don't think Donald Trump has lied to
anybody under oath the oath I haven't
seen him do that they call him a liar
but he hasn't perjured himself that I've
seen here's James copper dumping his
fellow spy he's throwing John John
Brennan under the bus now John is sort
of like a freight train and he's gonna
say what's on his mind I think though
that the common denominator among all of
us that have been speaking up though
is genuine concern about the Jeopardy or
threats to institutions and values and
although we may express that in in in
different ways and I think that's what
this this really is about but John and
his rhetoric have become I think an
issue in and of itself John and his
rhetoric have become an issue in and of
its that sounds like John Brennan is
losing some of his colleagues respect
that's yes be I see I can't stop I can't
stop it I'm just oh my goodness respect
respect so these guys expect us to they
expect us to respect them yet and yet
date you know they're calling Trump
insane and they are going and saying
they're going to say because their
culture is falling apart the culture is
genuinely falling apart their every word
they told us about women was untrue
every word they told us about men untrue
most of the stuff they told us about the
treatment of black people after a
certain period in American history where
there was shameful treatment of black
people everywhere but here too all of it
untrue and those lies are falling apart
and Trump because he is an outlaw male
because he is doing that thing that we
kind of respected and liked when we
watch The Sopranos when we watched
Breaking Bad he's doing that thing where
he is breaking the rules the rules that
they established they're falling apart
their culture is collapsing inward and
they're going nuts I mean what you are
looking when somebody went to somebody
at the New York Times when she used to
be a newspaper right there it's I'm not
kidding about this when I said called a
former newspaper back in the 80s say the
New York Times was a newspaper reporting
the news little left-wing leanings sure
but I mean it was not peddling fake news
now it is peddling fake news they have a
thing you know they there are these new
documents coming in about Bruce core and
we are going to find out some tremendous
stuff about this guy right this is the
guy who was the associate Deputy
Attorney General number four at the
Justice Department his wife worked for
fusion GPS remember the Oppo research
team that went after Trump for paid by
Hillary Clinton and the DNC and also was
related to that Russian lawyer whose
name I can never pronounce who had the
meeting
Don jr. so they're in the thick of this
Oppo operation against Donald Trump
Bruce ORS wife Nellie works for them
she's feeding information to him he's
feeding information direct from the head
of fusion GPS to the to the FBI okay
long after Steel has been fired and is
not supposed to be working for them he's
still pumping this anti-trump
information into him and Kimberly
Strasse who has been really on top of
this at the Wall Street Journal writes a
whole piece about this the New York
Times The New York Times runs a story
headlined embracing conspiracy theory
Trump escalates attack on Bruce or now
Bruce will remember number four at the
Justice Department as a big deal has
been since been demoted so this is their
lead
president Trump threatened on Friday to
quickly revoke the security clearance of
Bruce or a little-known Justice
Department official and they go on in
this vein forever trying to convince us
that Bruce or is a nobody it's just a
conspiracy theory I mean this and this
is because this is to insulate or from
these new documents that have just been
turned over after a massive fight with
Congress after a massive fight they have
finally extracted ORS notes and his
emails and all that stuff by the end of
this week I think we will know a lot of
stuff that went on that is absolutely
shameful and the New York Times is
running interference for it I feel work
for the New York Times if you work for
the New York Times you wake up every
morning to work with liars and clowns I
mean that is what you do that is who you
are you know like I come here and sure I
work with knowles but otherwise i work
with a bunch of really good honest
people we argue we discuss we try and be
fair if i'm not fair Shapiro's come in
here and tell me I will tell him mean
what we will talk about these things
constantly at the New York Times you are
working for people who lie you are a
liar working for people who lie that is
the thing so when they say the trumps a
liar and look Trump ain't on the Staib
nobody's gonna say that he is Trump is
not Honest Abe Lincoln he the Trump
exaggerate he docks he you know he dives
it went especially when he's done
something wrong and he's caught he lies
outwardly but he's up against crazy wine
that's who he's up against and they're
calling him crazy they're calling him a
liar because that's what the left does
they project their faults on to you hey
do we it when is in those is a
conversation it's tomorrow tomorrow yeah
so tomorrow tune in the conversation I
don't have to copy in front of me but I
think it's at 5:30 Eastern is that it
and or 2:30 Pacific time and Alicia will
be talking to Knowles and Knowles will
tell you everything he knows so it
should be what about three minutes four
minutes show oh no no no it doesn't man
I want you to hammer him about the
Catholic Church this week don't let him
off the hook on this Catholic Church I
want to see him dance I want it I want
it to be like one of those westerns
where you shoot at the guys feet say
dance partner dance all right we're
gonna bring those on in just a minute
but I got to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube come on over to the Daily wire
calm and subscribe because you got to
subscribe to be in the conversation so
you can shoot at Knowles's feet
all right Knowles are you doing I'm here
hey thanks for all the kind words I
assume you were saying about it I
couldn't hear that really part of the
show but I assume it was a very nice
laughing gravity phrase I told them to
come after on your conversation tomorrow
I told them to come after you for the
Catholic Church and I want you to be
personally blamed for I think that's
fair enough
I think you know I I realized that one
of the unpopular realizations of this
whole Catholic scandal is that the the
main guy to blame is the devil and
people regularly confuse me with the
devil so I think that's totally why is
that it's just it's just a strange
resemblance on my hair I think my fangs
I don't you I will say though I have to
be kind to you are doing a great job on
another Kingdom we've now we've now done
three episodes right I think we're three
in now yeah yeah so we're getting ready
to roll early October I think is our
date this is I'm really excited for this
I hope people i binge the first season
so that they're caught up on it yeah but
you don't really need to be you can you
can dive right into this it totally
holds up the story is is better this
season than the first this is a good see
is a good story there are not many
sequels that are better than the
original it's the Godfather right
Pocahontas I don't know there and but
this one really is so fun and you know
from last year doing this in your attic
while we're sweating and police sirens
are going by too now we've got some
really cool stuff planned for visual
aspects and sets and it's it's pretty
high quality the visual aspects are
incredible I mean Rebecca should bureau
the talented shapiro is yes some of the
eye it really looks great anyway but
that has nothing to do with what died
cruelly sent you out to today as uh just
to cover what is it called rise for roe
rise 400 rise for they're so clever
because it's Rho V wave be able to
celebrate killing all those babies I saw
there was some ice cream did you see
that there was I did you see this the
abortion ice cream from narrow so I did
see this a row rocky Roe I think is what
a rocky road it's rocky rub well that's
good because after you kill the children
you eat them like they wrong here I
would have given this ice cream to my
little child right exactly I mean it's
so it's so that is unbelievable there
because it's really I mean it's it's
sort of funny in this very dark way
right but they're using this symbol of
childhood to celebrate killing children
it is amazing but it is what you know
I'm saying this one I are talking about
the Catholic scandal there it is what
evil does to people it makes them it
makes them laugh at the worst things it
gives them this sense of humor about
other people's suffering it's bizarre
bad ideas do this would be that is true
you know you see this all around with
the Hollywood pedophilia scam yes
they're all making these crazy jokes and
this is amazing so this event rise for
ro it's going all around the country
it's being run by these five basically
unemployable Democrat hacks it's good
you know this woman
Lauren dukkha this radical abortion
advocate she writes for Teen Vogue yeah
Bernie Sanders press secretary is there
another lady Rockette oh who runs a
bunch of lefty groups a couple others
who run these lefty groups and of course
the devil herself Cecile Richards
is sitting around there Oh is she there
she she was there and Alyssa Milano the
actress the former actress and
now Twitter personality yeah was there
she dressed up like the woman from The
Handmaid's Tale
did you really she did it's real I hope
maybe we'll get the picture
it's her holding a sign which of course
the Internet has had great fun with from
frowning you know looking like the lady
in the Handmaid's Tale and this is the
story you know the the left has always
relied on useful idiots
yeah from Lenin and Stalin onward so now
you've got the kind of soros type Cecile
Richards these aren't stupid people
these are serious people and then you
have Alyssa Milano
and Alyssa Milano her line on all of
this is it is effing absurd that we're
still fighting for abortion if Cavanaugh
has confirmed it quote will literally
affect everything we know to be true as
American citizens it will really
literally affect everything we know to
be true as an American citizen boys a
power that's a powerful position that's
good can I should get that job yeah I
met didn't occur to me that yeah I
thought mostly you were analyzing tax
laws and stuff like that you know not to
not to leave the subject but just for a
minute the New Yorker today did it ran
an article this week did an article in
which Lawrence tribe the Harvard Law guy
who said that it was analyzing
Cavanaugh's sports reporting in college
to see what kind of a judge he would be
and he said you know you can see he
gives too much power to the executive in
his references to umpires it was like I
was unbidden have made it up that was
because he was burning them like tea
leaves of course you it is it is beyond
a parody now actually the only person
who's up being honest about all of this
is Chelsea Clinton and with this rise
for Roe stuff but I'll get to that in a
second
so this all took place at the El Rey
theater you know the el rey theater it's
best 700 person theater in LA who would
expect this big popular movement being
put on by Planned Parenthood by the the
pro-abortion a role that it would be
this big rally right no of course not
it's in a 700 person theater I don't
know if they filled it up it's unclear
to put this in perspective Ben I was
just at Ben's live show the other day in
Dallas in Phoenix he put on just regular
podcasts in a four thousand person Wow
what which was packed which was utterly
packed you know a standing-room-only we
had to turn people away so that's just a
sense of that the reason why
his pro-abortion advocates are so
diminishing in their influence is
because all of the lies are being
exposed for years and years we heard
five to ten thousand women a year die
from back alley at illegal abortions
before Roe that isn't true we know
exactly how many women died from illegal
abortions before Roe that numbers 39 not
3900 not 39 thousand over what period of
time one nine one year 31 okay illegal
abortion across the country across the
country and twenty four women died from
legal abortions that same year yeah so
now when you when you consider that only
20 states had legal abortion at that
time you actually realized that illegal
and legal abortion were statistically
just as dangerous right that year yeah
so where did the 10 thousand number come
from
it was pulled out of thin air and we
only know this because the man who
pulled that number out of thin air
admitted to it dr. Bernard Nathanson he
was the founder of nae roll the biggest
Pro pro-abortion group he had come to
Jesus moment and he said this is his
exact quote it was always five to ten
thousand deaths a year I confess that I
knew the figures were totally false and
I suppose the others did too if they
stopped to think of it but in the
morality of our revolution it was a
useful figure widely accepted and why go
out of our way to correct it with honest
statistics the overriding concern was to
get the laws eliminated anything within
reason that had to be done was
permissible oh this is been debunked by
the guy who started it yeah
then you we've always heard it's a clump
of cells it's not a human it's a
platypus or whatever these people say it
is now we have images of 18 week old
babies sucking their thumbs in the womb
sure we have 12 right now you can get an
abortion not just to 24 26 weeks there
are places where you can get it far
later than that yeah and we also see
that babies born at 20 weeks 21 weeks
are viable and they live they live and
now some of those kids are 3 or 4 years
old all of those lies come out Chelsea
Clinton I have to give her credit where
credit is due
she made the only honest argument for
the rise for Roe parade which is that
abortion has added three point five
trillion dollars to the economy that's
her argument because women have aborted
their children they entered the
workforce in higher numbers
and this added money to the economy
which is why it works is good
really that's her argument that is her
art I was like the clown who said it's
cut crime because most of the aborted
kids are black that's that's right
that's exactly yeah these are the worst
people in the court but you know I
actually have to give her credit though
for just demonstrating the wickedness of
that argument yeah yeah I know we try
yeah maybe it's a baby maybe it's this
today but look at all the money money
you saved yeah we killed babies but look
at the money is it really it adds new
meaning to that can't appraise it's the
economy students yeah really really I
mean it you know it is amazing that the
one of the top people in our all came
over to the other side as did Roe that's
right me well Roe herself came over and
is a pro-life advocate they're their
icons desert them because they realize
what they're doing you know you don't
really see a lot of pro-life leaders
going over to the other side you don't
see abortion survivors of whom there are
many yeah country and around the world
yes who say oh no now I'm a fierce
abortion advocate it doesn't happen it's
sort of the argument I think of when it
comes to the 2020 election from this
advantage from this vantage right now we
say what votes did Trump lose he's only
gaining votes that's kind of how I see
the pro-life movement what support has
the pro-life movement lost it's only
gaining support and don't be fooled by
statistics the country is almost evenly
split on pro-life pro-choice but when
you drill down should abortion to be
legal at 35 weeks 30 weeks 20 weeks 15
weeks it should it be legal in cases
outside of rape incest life of the
mother the numbers dwindle so
significant really that the majority is
with pro-life there was a poll out at
the end of last year that showed that
50% of women or something like that or
consider themselves pro-choice but when
you drill down to it they really only
believe that it should be legal in
emergency cases rape incest and threat
to the health of the mother and it is it
is amazing to me that they get away the
press still gets away with asking that
question of dopey Republican candidates
who aren't ready for primetime and
boggle the question but they never they
just never ask the Democrats should it
be Elite be legal if should you be
allowed to abort your baby if it's a
girl
instead anyone a boy that's never asked
that question I mean yes the question
you ask the other side
if you're a fair honest journalist who
doesn't want to take sides oh I I think
a Republican should be able to handle
the question about rape and incest which
is what like 0.1 percent of abortions of
some right I mean it's yeah it's it's a
far far less than 1% all of them rape
incest or threat to the life of the
mother
yeah and I'll have to ask Chelsea when
Chelsea inevitably runs they're going to
have to ask should we eat
Irish children you know should we it is
they've become Swiftian in their life
satire and obviously they'll never get
the fair shake we will never get the
fair shake from the press on this they
will never push them but even in spite
of that it's it seems the public opinion
has shifted majorly in the direction of
pro-life which is why they can't fill a
tiny theater in Los Angeles and you know
the science is all on our side I keep
telling the college kids this when I
speak in schools because they ask well
you know we're gonna win this fight and
all this and I say look the science
eventually you're looking on a screen at
a baby and you can see it's a baby
you know you think like maybe I
shouldn't kill the baby you know you're
gonna listen before I let you go I have
to ask you one question you saw this
movie what was the name of this picture
sorry to bother you and sorry about it
got these wonderful reviews you said it
was trash right drew this is that's
right I was on my sabbatical in the rip
in the space-time continuum last week
for my cultural segment it was the
single worst movie I have ever seen I
should have known that because it had an
almost perfect score critics on Rotten
Tomatoes and it had a better 62% under
the audience score it was so so bad it's
a communist movie the director of the
movie is a self-described communist he
says it's a communist movie and the way
other other reason I know it's a
communist movies it's not exactly subtle
it's this clumsy clunky movie with
mediocre alcohol some of the acting was
adequate some of it was not adequate
the writing was horrific aliy bad it's
anti-capitalist it says that in free
markets with economic Liberty jobs
disappear and people are enslaved
now you look around rich all-time high
employment because we're liberating the
economy a little bit but never mind the
reality of that but just I mean you're
an actual writer I'm a best-selling
author but you're an actual I put words
in my
my mistake the protagonist of this movie
his name is Cassius green oh wow do you
get it I get it I get it right wow
that's so deep in case you didn't get it
he says my nickname is cash so in case
you didn't get it do you know at the end
of the here's a spoiler alert it doesn't
matter don't even turn you're not gonna
go see this movie nobody is listening at
the end of it they find out that that
capitalist is literally turning the
workers into horses or turn you into
work horses literally do it do you get
it yeah yeah again it's really this is
the sort of subtlety drew I've just
never I've never been able to get at it
look at least he's not killing babies to
save money it was really you really must
go see it just to see how horrific it is
especially because you're an artist I
will wait until it's on Netflix I think
I don't want to give anybody any money
but he's a communist he doesn't want my
money right that's right he doesn't he
look he doesn't for free I take it yeah
that's right it's really it is crazy to
imagine if a director came out and said
oh I'm a Nazi Nazi I'm a Nazi I'm making
a Nazi movie yeah but no when it's a
common Communists earth have a lot more
blood on their hands than the Nazis and
they get away with murder literally
what's on your show today
so today we're gonna be talking about I
don't know if you've asked this question
before drew but it is truth truth his
truth truth I don't know we're gonna be
talking about mr. mayor and explaining
why his statement which is on the face a
real gotcha
obviously not true why he actually is
completely right East Coast yeah he's
completely right when it comes to the
media when it comes to Democratic
operatives and we're gonna show expose
that point by point but at least they're
honest enough not to say he stuffed
women into binders that's right all
right thanks a lot no let's see drew but
all right remember the conversation it's
Wednesday you said tomorrow tomorrow yes
tomorrow the conversation tomorrow with
Knowles subscribe now so you can ask him
questions and make him deeply deeply
uncomfortable our crappy culture
so this is a sad story that has this
kind of evil humor to it that a bunch of
people were making fun of but it's it's
not really that funny Isis militants
killed three people to people they
killed no way I'm sorry for tourists
they killed for tourists in Tajikistan
or somewhere like this and one of them a
guy named Austin was taking a word they
were taking around the world bicycle
trip and he was writing and blogging and
he said you read the papers and you led
to believe that the world is a big scary
place people the narrative goes are not
to be trusted people are bad people are
evil I don't buy it
evil is make-believe concept we've
invented to deal with the complexities
of fellow humans holding values and
beliefs and perspectives different from
our own by and large humans are kind
self-interested sometimes myopic
sometimes but kind generous and
wonderful and kind and he was then
killed by Isis so the story goes around
and of course there is something ironic
I guess is the word right because it's
not funny that these young people were
killed and it's not funny you know I
mean look look most of us when we're
young have wrong concepts we are we are
idealistic and most of us learn things
from experience but you want to live
through the experience to learn it so
the fact that they got killed by Isis is
because Isis is evil so there this there
is this ironic contrast between these
this blog evil is a make-believe concept
we've invented to deal with the
complexity of fellow humans holding
values and beliefs and perspectives
different than our own and Isis holding
values and beliefs different from our
own which include murdering this guy and
the mistake that people make with this
those are a panel of writers ones
talking about evil and they all made the
same mistake is we the true truths of
life or spiritual truths they exist on
the spiritual plane like ideas like
ideas they have no material being we
give them material being with our words
with our flesh with our actions
we are the words the language with which
the spiritual world expresses itself
evil is more real than you and me evil
is more real than you and me but even an
evil person usually just expresses it
somewhat right even you know even Hitler
was nice to his dog humans do not
express absolute evil but that doesn't
mean that absolute evil doesn't exist
the expression of evil in the world
comes from people like Isis who murdered
this guy and the mistake they make is
when they meet people and they find
things that they're certainly right that
most people are perfectly nice and fine
but when they when they the mistake they
make is they meet people who are evil
and they find something that they can
relate to in them because they're also
human beings they don't understand that
the evil exists on a spiritual plane
that is more real than this one and that
is the contrast there it's not funny
because people lost their lives but it
is ironic that we have this culture that
has is so rich so safe so well-to-do
that it has forgotten it feels insulated
from the spiritual truths of life
you are never insulated from them
they're always real they're always there
and not just evil but good as well all
right
tomorrow we will be back and what have
we got a guest tomorrow we have no idea
who it is but it's gonna be somebody
fantastic
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
flavin show be there then
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens audio is mixed by mic
core Mina hair and makeup is by Joshua
alvera the Andrew Klavan show is a daily
wire for word publishing production
copyright for word publishing 2018
