I'd okay there were people that really
did believe Trump was gonna win Trump
wasn't one of them I don't think no I
don't think so I know nobody who looked
at data thought Trump I said I lost
$10,000 on that election betting people
specifically because I was looking at
the day when I was figuring all this
data can't be wrong yeah but then I can
be wrong you know that's to be the most
in your in our lifetime the most
phenomenal phenomenal political event in
America like I think is the most
phenomenal political shock in American
history yeah just the disparity between
the popular vote and and the and the
electoral college alone is the greatest
disparity and then the forecast like in
the the truth is we talk about Trump and
Trump is the center of the political
universe the truth is that Hillary that
was a referendum on Hillary yeah
everybody basically did the same thing
that you did yeah in the election in
Ohio and Wisconsin which is they just
said you know what I'm not going she's
gonna win anyway I'm not gonna do it
yeah I exciting today's it was the
brexit it was like if they did brexit
again all the people that didn't vote
well would like we vote that's why I
think and I talked about this on the
shows that if Hillary they would never
give it to her because they hate her so
much the dam's but if she did if she got
the nomination everybody would vote yeah
that didn't vote because they'd wanted
they've and also the rematch would be
insane it would this would be the
greatest political story to have a
rematch between the two would be a would
be I mean I don't know why they haven't
somebody must be thinking about that has
they figured that she's what now yeah
twice loser and yeah like they're
figuring they got to go intersectional
to they're gonna try and pick somebody
who's more intersectional than every was
or maybe do we Michael have a knotty who
knows it could be any man that would be
amazing
I still think Kamala I would I hear her
talk she's forceful I also think you
know I talked about this the contrast
theory that that because there are 17
people that were similar and Trump stood
out um got the plurality in fact that
could happen with the dams there's gonna
be 17 people and it could be like a Mark
Ruffalo you okay let me take me out of
box out of the box could be you know you
know who's like Trump Rosie O'Donnell
Rosie O'Donnell is like Trump um reality
TV talk show host outspoken and you can
say she's crazy but conspiratorial I
mean it's almost man would that be a
magic America don't even open your mouth
we get we cannot survive this this is
you just open your mouth to this and
it's going to be a reality there we go
exact in this tape is gonna be like it
could happen
listen I think it when people joke about
avenatti I'm not sure it's such a joke
no because he's considered like the most
anti-trump person in the world
yeah and he's got this whole I'm a
pugnacious fighter where you going and
so avenatti Daniels on the other side I
mean it's just it's it's all madness
