now you may ask why is this problem so
prevalent
now that we've established it that it's
not so easy as saying oh yeah it's a
Catholic problem or oh it's a Protestant
problem or oh it's a Hollywood problem
now that we've established that and we
see how prevalent it is it creates a
whole new you know it creates a whole
new mystery of a very disturbing one or
we say how is this so common in our
culture
how how is this going on everywhere
well we know that at root
as Christians we know that this goes
back to the fall of man we are a fallen
species
and so these sins have always existed
ever since the fall of man and they
always will but we can ask ourselves
have they always been this common
has it always been the case that every
institution in American culture is
riddled with abuse molestation rape etc
has that always been the case I guess
there's no way to know for sure we can't
it's hard you can't really look back
into into the past and quantify these
sorts of problems especially by the
nature of the problem means people doing
it or not going to exactly be keeping
records of what they did so it's hard to
know exactly but it certainly seems like
it's worse now
I would like to think that anyway I'd
hate to think that it's just always been
this way forever that it's always been
this bad forever because if that's the
case then you really think well it's an
it'll never get better there's it's like
um there's no prop there's no point in
even even then even trying to make it
better because apparently it can never
be better but I don't think that's the
case
I do think it appears to be worse now
than in the past and I think that it is
and I think that goes back to
general moral breakdown in our culture
moral indifference
they break down of empathy which has led
to this moral indifference and when you
have when you've got
a breakdown in the kind of moral code
and then you have perversion and
debauchery hedonism that becomes more
prevalent at the same time people are
becoming desensitized and indifferent
unless able to see and recognize the
dignity in their fellow man and often
these things happen at the same time but
as they happen and as they get worse I
think of course you're gonna see more of
this
and when you read about these horrible
cases in any of these institutions but
talking specifically about the Catholic
Church you read about some of this these
things these priests were doing you see
not only that are these depraved
perverts but also they just have no they
just simply do not recognize the
humanity of anyone other than themselves
so they can look at children and see
nothing but objects to be used for their
pleasure
and I think we see that more and more in
our culture where we we look at each
other even even people who aren't child
molesters I still think there is this
tendency among a lot of people to see
other people as just objects as not as
human beings but as objects to be used
to be exploited to be tossed to the side
whatever
and all of that I think leads us here
and if there is going to be any
improvement that we all have to look
immediately around ourselves within our
own ranks and start there and then work
out from there
