all right this is from another online
attendee Maria from West Hills
California
what can conservatives do to convince
liberals who listen to propaganda on the
mainstream media that conservative
values are what the founding fathers
envisioned for our nation you know
though daily wire were having this
little quarrel where nikki Haley said
that you shouldn't try to own the left
you shouldn't mock them you should try
to convince them and ben shapiro agreed
with that and michael knoll said no no
let's own the left and mock them you
know that would be more fun and and I
said if you whippersnappers can't do
both you're just not working hard enough
you know so I think I think it is it is
really important to make rational
arguments that show you can trace from
the Constitution and the Declaration
exact not exactly what the founders
meant but pretty much the general idea
of what they meant they meant there to
be limited powers that meant there to be
enumerated powers that meant there to be
separation of powers and they meant
individuals to be free and they believed
that all of this stuff was underpinned
by God that that it was natural law
underpinned by God you can make that
argument but you should also make fun of
them what they're saying is absurd what
they're saying is ridiculous
make it hot form you know just just
really give it to them why do you think
they beat people up why do you think
they show up in masks with sticks
because they know they're ridiculous you
know they have no sense of humor their
comedy is dead we we are the funniest
people now on the internet you know and
and and you know look at us we're
conservatives we shouldn't be the
funniest people what we are you know and
and I just think that those are the two
ways forward conviction and and mockery
and the and the mockery is probably more
important
