former White House aide an apprentice
star Amoroso whatever the rest of her
name is is seeking to prove she was
unfairly fired by the administration by
releasing secret tapes of her private
conversations with the president because
who would want to fire White House aide
who was making secret tapes of her
private conversations with the president
Omarosa is trying to get on TV to peddle
her new memoir entitled I am a
disgruntled former employee who can't be
trusted and may even be psycho but is
probably just greedy and dishonest and
that may not be the exact title but is
something like that
CNN spokesman Winston mendacious said
quote this network is not going to waste
our viewers time by interviewing some
greedy Fame hound peddling sleazy
unsubstantiated rumors that might
needlessly undermine the reputation and
effectiveness of the President of the
United States no I'm kidding bring that
sweet stuff on unquote Omarosa says
among other things she witnessed Trump
lying to investigators and using racial
slurs while having sex with an underage
prostitute after drinking the blood of
virgins
then devouring a living infant with his
lizard-like tongue after which he
stripped off his Trump face to reveal he
was really a gigantic space alien with
dripping fangs and only the slightest
grasp of foreign policy on hearing the
allegation CNN's Don Lemon issued a
statement saying quote I knew it isn't
this what I've been saying all along
unquote Trump responded Omarosa Sarge's
with a tweet that said quote this is
what happens when you give a place of
trust in the White House to a reality TV
star with no discernible political
knowledge he's going to hire someone
like I'm Rosa trigger warning I'm Andrew
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
all right we've got Sebastian Gorka
coming on to talk about all the stuff
that's going on in the Muller
investigation and tomorrow is the
mailbag tomorrow is the glorious
wondrous mailbag day when all your
problems can magically be taken care of
and disappear all you got to do is go on
The Daily wire calm and subscribe you
got to be a subscriber cuz I lousy ten
bucks a month all your problems versus
ten bucks which do you want you want to
keep your problems in your 10 bucks or
get rid of the ten bucks and get rid of
your problems go on the daily wire comm
and subscribe then hit the podcast
button at the Andrew Klavan podcast
button hit the little picture of the
mailbag ask anything you want ask about
religion ask about politics ask about
your personal problems I will answer and
my answers are guaranteed 100% correct
and will change your life for the better
about stamps.com because because here's
why I use stamps calm a it's like I love
having things come to my computer I do
not have time I do not have time to run
to the post office
I need the post office I live for the
post office they do a great job but I
need it to come in through my my
computer and stamps comm will let you
access all the amazing services of the
post office right from your desk 24/7
you can buy and print official US
postage for any letter any package using
your own computer and printer and the
mail carriers pick it up just click
print mail and you're done it couldn't
be easier and the other reason I use it
is because it is wicked cool you put
your things right in the printer and it
comes out with a stamp I've still can't
get over that right now you can use the
code Clavin
for this special offer includes up to
fifty five dollars free postage a
digital scale and a four week trial
don't wait go to stamps calm before you
do anything else
click on the radio microphone at the top
of the homepage and type in Clavin that
stamps.com enter Clavin can use your
first letter to mail a letter to me he's
asking how do you spell Clavin it is que
la vie a n no ease in Clavin you just
make it look easy that's it so like
everything everything the left does
always produces the opposite results
right they want to get rid of racism
they make weight racism worse then they
start defending their own racism then
they just have everybody hating one
another and that's their idea of making
racism better they want to make life
better for women they say oh yeah if
you're a man but you wear a dress you
can compete with women in the Olympics
so women can't win anything they just
make life worse for women all the time
and they keep saying the same thing they
keep saying in spite of all we've done
things are getting worse it's because of
what they do it they create the exact
opposite of all their intentions this is
also true with their decades-long
attempt to shut up
the write all it does is you know I am
the opposite of a conspiracy theorist
person the minute I hear a conspiracy
theory I start to doubt it I just think
people aren't that smart they're not
that you know clever they can't keep a
secret
also most conspiracies if you listen to
them there's no reason to believe them
so I mean that 9/11 one is my favorite
crazy conspiracy because you have a
bunch of Muslims saying you know we're
gonna blow up the World Trade Center
then you have them saying we are blowing
up the World Trade Center then you have
them dancing in the street saying we
blew up the World Trade Center and then
people say yes but who really did it
I mean it's nuts you know it's crazy but
but when you try to silence the right
when you take Alex Jones off the social
media when you go after now they're
going after Gavin McGinnis on Twitter
like I can't even imagine McGinnis is
basically a comedian he's you know makes
all these rough jokes but that's what
comedians do he's just doing it on the
right and now he seems to have been
banned from Twitter bad show but when
all the the when all the news agencies
are openly conspiring to attack Donald
Trump we saw Thomas Friedman of the New
York Times saying that we should cover
him this way if we really want to hurt
him the Boston Globe is saying all we
should all get together and publish
simultaneous editor
attacking him when we see that the press
is at war with Donald Trump we start to
think well if you're silencing the right
maybe how do I know which person on the
right is telling the truth and which one
isn't if you're just silencing them all
it's really you who have created the
conspiracy you are the conspiracy the
left is the conspiracy and it just gives
credence to things that people are
saying on the right and right this
minute I have to tell you I think that
the truest things that Donald Trump is
saying are about the Russian investigate
collusion investigation he sent out a
tweet the other day it says seems like
the Department of Justice and FBI had a
program to keep Donald Trump from
becoming president if this had happened
to the other side everybody involved
would be in jail this is a media coverup
of the biggest story of our time and
this actually seems true there is now as
far as I'm concerned compelling evidence
that Hillary Clinton's campaign colluded
with high-level FBI officials through
this fusion GPS to transform unproven
still unproven oppo dirt research on
Trump into this incredibly vast
unbridled and so far unproductive
Russian investigation I mean they keep
on all the left-wing venues CNN The
Times you know the network's they keep
saying well he's indicted so many people
but he's so many people in Russia who'll
never stand trial I could do that I
could stand there and make accusations
against people who can't sue me
he'll never be tried I'll never have to
prove anything you can do that about
anybody you know it says it doesn't it
there really is nothing here and it's
gone on forever and it has occupied our
time has occupied our news stations so
let's let's go through some of this
because I know it's always complicated
but I do think we can boil it down to a
certain amount of understandable stuff
let's start of course with the firing of
Peter struck he's the guy he presided
over both the Hillary Clinton email
investigation and the Russian election
interference investigation and he was at
the same time he was texting with
another FBI employee his mistress saying
you know stuff like oh we're going to
stop Trump and we need an insurance
policy about against Trump and
apparently apparently
struck was still protesting his
innocence when the word came that he was
out of work we have the video but let me
be clear
unequivocally and under oath not once in
my 26 years of defending our nation did
my personal opinions impact any official
action I took yes this is true for the
Clinton email investigation for the
investigation into Russian interference
and for every other investigation I've
worked on it is not who I am and it is
not something I would ever do period
that's tough it's a tough president you
know this is the guy the General Michael
Horowitz said that his emails created
the appearance of investigative
decisions were impacted by bias or
improper considerations and they were
that his behavior was not only
indicative of a bias state of mind but
even more seriously implies a
willingness to take official action to
impact the presidential candidates
electoral prospect he recommend that the
AG's office then goes on to the guy who
overlooks behavior and he recommended
suspension but the deputy chief of the
FBI overruled him and just canned them
and that's that's rare I mean so they
really really can't is this his lawyer
will give his lawyer a chance to protest
he said this is a Tom Goldman he said
that it's all political here is his
lawyer I don't think that you can
rationally reach any conclusion other
than it was political pique along with
several other employees who sent
anti-trump texts were referred to the
Office of Professional Responsibility or
OPR that's division within the FBI that
is in charge of internally disciplining
agents and we had a process a normal
process where we engaged with OPR and
submitted something writing and went in
and orally presented they decided that
what the appropriate punishment should
be is a 60-day suspension demotion and
signing what's called a last chance
letter which basically is double-secret
probation and says that you can be fired
if you do anything else wrong
that decision was overruled by the
deputy director of the FBI
it's something that he had the authority
to do because it was delegated from the
director of the FBI but it is a
vanishingly rare occurrence for things
to happen this way and I it's difficult
to believe given the steady drumbeat of
text demonizing Pete from the president
and all the calls on Capitol Hill by
Republicans for Pete to be fired that
that didn't play a role in the result is
narrow they only Trump this is all
political they're under pressure from
Trump and Trump fired him I'm gonna
answer that in just a minute but first
we got to talk about black rifle coffee
and the you know I'm a coffee guy I am a
big coffee guy I can really can't get
started to work without it I drink it as
I come on the air it really and I just I
used to be a Starbucks fan but I just
can't do it anymore
black rifle coffee because one of the
left disposing and all this stuff but
black rifle coffee is totally different
this is founded by former special
operation vets and it delivers the best
roast order coffee right to your door
guarantees you're getting fresh premium
coffee with every order and without the
left-wing garbage in addition to great
coffee and gear black rifle has a coffee
Club that makes things easy no lines no
running out just great coffee ship right
to your door every month hassle free and
they also give a portion of their sales
to veteran and first responder causes
and I've talked to these guys and they
just do not indulge in social justice
warrior nonsense so visit black rifle
coffee calm slash Clavin and receive 15%
off your order that's black rifle coffee
dot-com slash Clavin for 15% off black
rifle coffee dot-com slash Clavin and of
course everyone wants to support the
military must know how to spell my name
I don't know why but I just made that up
and it sounded great it's KLA VA and
black rifle cop coffee calm slash
clapping good coffee so their narrative
the lawyers narrative is oh this is all
Donald Trump all Donald Trump Jim Jordan
conservative congressman from Ohio he
says this I mean this is an incredible
piece
Audio just listen to this for a minute I
mean the American people deserve an FBI
that's not biased that they deserve in
an FBI that's going to focus on the
truth obviously Peter struck wasn't that
individual and I think it's important to
understand he just wasn't any old agent
at the FBI he was deputy head of
counterintelligence more importantly he
was the lead agent on both the Clinton
investigation and on the Trump Russia
investigation so you now have at the FBI
Neal something I've never seen in any
federal agency James Comey fire deputy
director McCabe fired
Jim rebecky former chief of staff has
left the FBI Jim Baker chief counsel at
the FBI was demoted then fired lisa page
FBI counsel demoted then left and then
of course you now have Peter struck who
was demoted and now fired today these
are the six key key people at the top of
the FBI who ran the Clinton
investigation and who launched and ran
the Trump Russia investigation I've
never seen anything like that in any
other federal agency what Jordan is
describing is an agency that has just
suffered a massive scandal people being
fired left and right top people being
fired left and right and let's say it's
always important to emphasize this is
not the working FBI agent who's out
there busting bad guys and serving the
American people this is Obama's top
level of DOJ and FBI people who are
being shot down and fired this is a
major major scandal what happened it
wouldn't look like this it's not Trump
doing it it's the agency doing it they
are cleaning out after a scandal that's
what a scandal looks like when it sweeps
through an agency and when they actually
take care to clean things up that's what
a scandal looks like where is the media
and it's not that they're you know I
mean it's just that they're not playing
it up like the big deal it is and they
start screaming Oh Trump is undermining
our faith in law guys are being fired
like crazy because it's a scandal so
what did they do I mean this is the
thing I want to talk about just because
it really does seem to me I don't want
to be a conspiracy guy but it seems to
me there was a conspiracy so let's let
me just remind you of a couple of
players right Bruce Orr was the
associate Deputy Attorney General so
he's number four at the DOJ Bruce or
he's since been demoted I think he's a
janitor now or he delivers the call
in the morning I'm not sure but he was
the fourth guy at the DOJ Nellie or was
his wife and she worked for fusion GPS
okay so remember that Bruce Ward number
four at the DOJ Nellie or his wife
working for GPS fusion GPS fusion GPS is
the company that did the DNC and Hillary
Clinton paid something like a million
bucks to to get dirt on Donald Trump
right and that's so that's Glenn Simpson
who's the head of fusion GPS and
Christopher Steele is the former British
guy who went out and did the dirty work
and got the gathered all this
information and again of that dossier
was now called the steel dossier this
fusion GPS dossier now one major
allegation has been substantiated not
one okay so none of this stuff it just
seems like Oppo research that really
didn't come to come to pass John Solomon
writing at the hill now has information
that Simpson and steal of fusion GPS met
secretly with Bruce or and we now know
that they were passing you know still
got fired from the FBI was working with
the FBI as well but when he used the
press too much they fired him but he was
still passing information through nellie
order Bruce or so that this was going on
a long time he met secretly with Bruce
or passed him a memory stick right and
there are notes from handwritten notes
from Bruce or which have now come come
through the to Congress the
congressional oversight and the notes
that he took it that or took at this
meeting with fusion GPS follow the path
of the Russian investigation here's John
Solomon the writer at the hill
explaining this from Bruce ORS notes
where he's talking to both Christopher
steel and Steel's boss Glenn Simpson the
founder of fusion GPS you can see every
allegation that the FBI pursues three or
four leaks weeks later in Bruce ORS
notes first they start talking about
Carter page on August 22nd in September
Carter cage becomes of target and in
October he becomes the focus of the FISA
warrant he is or is almost like
organizing the information in some way
with steel and Simpson and then somehow
it just keeps making its way to the to
the Justice I know that in General John
I mean I get that this this is like a
John Locke or a story I mean it was a
genuine spy story but
what the hell is going on and what on
earth is going on how did they lose
their way I mean obviously this is an
agency where they got caught up in that
Obama feeling you know they got caught
up in the Obama world of an Obama future
in the holy name of Obama and they were
just doing this stuff because they saw
the steamroller Trump coming down the
pike and they decided when if Hillary
Clinton comes in with Oppo research
these are her people coming to them with
coming to the DOJ with dirt on Trump and
they're using Oppo research to start an
investigation to guide an investigation
now let's let's just go back to because
and this is some of this is coming from
Lee Smith writing at real clear
investigations Real Clear Politics which
is a pretty I mean I know it's got a
conservative backing but it's a pretty
balanced website he says that now when
you look at this when you see this and
you see what stuff we knew before you
have to look back at this meeting that
Don jr. had you know this big meeting
with Natalia of the vessel nets kya
right the Russian lawyer and again I
understand this is complicated business
worth trying to follow it just a little
bit and I'll try and keep it as simple
as possible the Russian lawyer is also
paying fusion GPS she wants to get dirt
on a Russian businessman okay she wants
to get dirt on a Russian businessman
because she hopes it will help overturn
the Magnitsky Act all right it's
complicated story doesn't matter the
router thing is the Magnitsky Act she
goes to Don jr. and Jared Kushner and
Paul Manafort and she says I've got dirt
on Hillary Clinton and she has this kind
of unsubstantiated story that this
Russian businessman and Hillary Clinton
la ba ba ba-ba and Don jr. listen to
this and he it's all about the Magnitsky
Act and he doesn't buy it and he leaves
he said maybe we'll take up the
Magnitsky Act later but we're not gonna
do it this woman this Russian lawyer has
dinner with Simpson from fusion GPS both
before the meeting and after the meeting
so it really seems entirely possible
that the meeting itself might have been
a setup that the meeting itself was
meant to entangle the Trump's in this
kind of Russian net that ah've it seems
obvious to me that sir
Donald Trump had no idea about any of
this stuff I mean not not that he didn't
know that the meeting might have taken
place but just that the the idea that he
was calling up you know Vladimir Putin
which is this fantasy that they have on
CNN that he was quite you know Vlad can
you help me
you know defeat Hillary Clinton that's
like it's nonsense and it all seems to
come back it all seems to come back to
this Hillary Clinton Fusion GPS
Department of Justice Nexus that really
really is as dirty as Trump says it is
and and listen you've heard me go off on
Trump and you've heard me that night me
go off and his dishonesty and his
bullying and all that stuff but after
all you know the whole thing about Obama
you know Shakespeare said a man can
smile and smile and be a villain the
whole thing about Obama was yes he was
more classy than Trump yes he was more
poised than Trump yes he had a better
routine as president than Trump Trump
makes fun of the idea of being
presidential Obama was much more
presidential
but Obama was a dirty can i Obama ran
the government like a Chicago machine
and this is the wages of that and that
and so it's the press covering it up
that makes it so hard you know the press
is picking on our old pal Devin Nunez or
Nunez or nunu or whatever his name is
that picking on him all the time
because he has been trying to get this
stuff out I mean think about that for a
minute think about guys I you know I am
a journalist I go to work every day
trying to get at the truth
here's Devin newness doing what he's
supposed to do is congressional
oversight over these Inc men sleep our
fillet j'en sees and the press is
picking on Devin Nunez it makes no sense
I mean it is well it does make sense if
you're just a complete arm of the
Democrat Party but that's the only sense
it can possibly make and so Nunez is
caught on tape and I won't even say
caught on tape he's like talking to a
Republican fundraiser and they get him
on tape and suddenly the press is like
ah did you hear what he said he said
we're the only ones who can clear Donald
Trump because everyone else is trying to
frame him that's what he says so this is
the second newness cut where he says we
have to keep the ajapa majority this is
a cut number 11
so all he's saying was we have to keep
the majority or they're going to kill
this investigation and and that's why
you know we have to win and he's
stirring up the Republican donors and
saying that's why we have to win and
they're saying this like this is some
kind of conspiracy but the only I mean
this is his job this is what he's
supposed to be doing and that he has
become the enemy of the people in the
minds of the press tells you something
about how sick the press is and I'll
wind this up with just one thing if you
if you don't believe me on how sick the
press is we have to go back to the story
yesterday about the fact that there were
no right there are no white supremacist
in America there's 20 of them who show
up and all the violence all the cruelty
all the meanness against America against
the police against the press was coming
from the left and an tyfa and our old
friend chris cuomo has got it all
figured out that it's just not as bad
when they do it and unless you're
justified in defending yourself and you
hit someone you're a thug you're a
criminal you attack cops you slap the
media you're in the wrong period but I
argue to you tonight all punches are not
equal
morally in the eyes of the law yes but
in the eyes of good and evil here's the
argument if you're a punk who comes to
start trouble in a mask and hurt people
you're not about any virtuous cause
you're just somebody who's gonna be held
to the standard of doing something wrong
but when someone comes to call out
bigots and it gets hot even physical are
they equally wrong as the bigot they are
fighting I argue no fighting against
hate matters now how you fight matters -
there's no question about that
but drawing a moral equivalency between
those espousing hate and those fighting
it because they both resort to violence
emboldens hate legitimizes hateful
belief and elevates what should be
stamped out thank heaven for Chris Cuomo
you know because whenever you call Don
Lemon the stupidest man on television
they accuse you of racism because lemon
happens to be brown but thank God
there's Chris Cuomo was just that little
it's just a tiny little bit stupider I
think that I mean this basically this is
what he's saying to you if you get
punched in the face by a guy who says
he's against hate it's not so bad don't
wait you know it's a good punch that's a
good punch if he kills you and one of
these guys somebody is gonna get killed
but by one of these anti-fur guys
eventually if he kills you you know it's
not a you're not just not as dead it's
not as dead when you did somebody
doesn't hate you know it's like it's as
if it's as if somebody stood in a in a
white hood and burned a cross on a black
families lawn and said I'm doing this
because I'm anti Klan and Chris Cuomo
said see he's anti clean he's not bad
he's anti-klan these guys are fascists
and they call themselves anti-fascist so
what so what and this is that these are
the Blockheads who are reporting the
news to us hey by the way speaking of
block has Michael Knowles
no that's not next conversation is
coming on Tuesday Tuesday August 21st at
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and
yes
it is Michael Knowles who has just
rescued from his terrible future by our
famous DeLorean or whatever it was he is
back to answer your questions on the
conversation moderated by our very own
Alicia Krause the Q&A will stream live
on YouTube and Facebook for everyone to
watch but only daily wire subscribers
can ask Noel's questions to submit your
questions log into the daily wire.com
and over the conversation live stream to
watch type your question into the chat
box to have it read and answered on the
air once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by Knowles on Tuesday
August 21st at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30
p.m. Pacific and join the conversation
now I feel bad because I
compared Knowles to Chris Cuomo I take
it back I mean even even Knowles even
knows does not deserve that all right we
got Sebastian Gorka coming up come on
over to the daily wire.com all right
Sebastian Gorka is a military and
intelligence analyst T's of Fox News
strategist and former deputy assistant
to President Trump he's also the author
of the new book why we fight which will
be out Tober 9 on Amazon and we will
have him back then to talk about that
but let's talk to him now you're there
special it's good to hear it was really
nice to meet you face-to-face in
Washington and I appreciated your in
traditionally Duran jr. yeah how do you
like Trump International if you're
conservative in the swamp that's the
place to be it was great it was it
really was like the smugglers bar from
the first Star Trek they had every every
breed of conservative was in the place
and the hotel lobby the lobby bar is
spectacular I don't know what the rooms
are like but the place is beautiful
right no the rooms are superb as well
listen before we get into serious issues
okay I just need to talk about the the
monologue you did on Ben and Ocasio
Cortez and you used the phrase the
kosher Casanova I I want to see that
cartoon I want to see the kosher
Passover cartoon okay you can clear that
with Ben right I did I did I have to say
I gave myself the rest of the day off
after that even I was impressed I
appreciate your noticing so we we got a
lot to talk about here I mean this this
struck firing really does start to
confirm the president in his feeling
that he is genuinely the victim of a
conspiracy I mean I I know you're a big
defender of his but I think he's got a
point here yeah I tweeted out early
today wasn't my treaty with somebody
else's but it was simply a list of all
the people who have been fired for cause
that the FBI the DOJ were sent into
early retirement and it's stunning that
I in the history of the bureau I can't
think of a period not under under
for anybody else we're in the space of
less than a year you've had a dozen or
more people got rid of four cause so
it's it really does vindicate what the
president has been saying and the latest
one the decision by the Deputy Director
about it I know about it he's a good guy
we were in sand we were in LA together
the day of the San Bernardino massacre
and when we find out that he went back
to the original IG refine her findings
and he said this guy has got to go for
multiple reasons and this is the person
who was running the collusion
investigation this is a person who was
running the hill Hillary investigation
how did we get to this point where this
was a man in charge of both of those
incredibly important issues and and if
this were an organization if these were
people who've been appointed by Trump or
even George W Bush this would be a huge
scandal I mean Ted this is a an
organization I respect the agents of the
FBI but this is an organization that is
now wracked by scandal that's what an
organization looks like when a scandal
hits it everybody gets fired and that's
what's I don't this hits very close to
me because before I went back into
government I was traveling I was doing
20,000 miles a month going from FBI
field office to FBI field office because
with my wife we had a company that was
providing characters can--it areas and
training on al-qaeda and Isis to federal
agencies around the country and wherever
I went they'd give me a pin of the local
office the next time I traveled I'd wear
it with pride drew I don't wear FBI pins
anymore since the last two years because
but just a handful of people at the very
very top have destroyed the reputation
of one of the world's if not the world's
most famous law enforcement agency it is
it's pitiful I you know explain
something to me I just this is something
I literally don't understand I don't
want you to you know I'm not asking me
to go off on Jeff Sessions at all but I
don't understand the president is
obviously incredibly angry about this
we heard Devin Nunez just before you
came on saying if he won't unruhe Cuse
himself what is the theory of
why why he recused himself that doesn't
have to do with ethics I mean it seemed
to me he just did it on an ethical basis
but obviously Trump feels that's not so
yeah look III I told the president I
wasn't going to criticize any serving
member of the cabinet when I resigned
from the White House I you know if they
leave that's fine I asked when I was
talking to you about the disaster that
was Rex Tillerson but you know sessions
is still in there as AG from my personal
experience or all that I will say is I
think this man he didn't really
understand the Sisyphean nature of what
he was getting involved in and he
thought this would be just like being an
Ag for a state and it's not not after
eight years of Obama and then when you
go into a new organization you need
people around you who you trust and the
idea that he just inherits this guy rod
Rosen Stein who actually appointed
Muller as the special prosecutor after
he failed in the interview to get back
his job as director of the FBI I think
that was the biggest mistake he he went
in there without the requisite
understanding of the depth of the
corruption and beyond that he entrusted
you know he trusted people around him
who were not deserving of that trust not
fair enough I have to say that
Republicans appoint these special
counsels at the drop of the Hat I don't
know what it would take before a
Democrat would do I mean it had to be
Clinton with Monica Lewinsky before they
would appoint a special counsel Obama
done it four times on that point I think
it's an awful institution I don't care
if the president is a Democrat or a
Republican this is like a a missile with
no guidance system and and it's just
it's it's a they have too much money too
much power they always end up
investigating things that have nothing
to do with the original political
mandate they are provided so I'm not I'm
not a fan of the special prosecutor
whoever is the president you know bill
McGurn who I
a pal of mine and I I think has been
really fair to Trump a very balanced he
has a column in The Wall Street Journal
today just begging Trump to declassify
the documents that Devin Nunes wants and
that the DOJ and the FBI are holding
back do you think you think the
president would ever do that if a
certain member of his legal team wasn't
a member of the legal team and it's not
it's not one of the people that he
recently employed okay okay so he's
getting advice that not to do this
because because it would just cause too
much political damage no because there's
a certain person in the cat office of
the the White House Counsel who's who's
afraid yeah who's just afraid and who
doesn't understand that this this is no
longer this is about politics and robert
muller has turned something that should
have been a judicial function into a
political one and it's individual that
i'm talking about is not a politician it
doesn't understand washington DC and if
you are a lawyer in DC you have to be a
political animal as much as a lawyer and
this person isn't Wow okay so let's talk
about Omarosa did you do a Moroso I've
seen pictures of you with her right you
know yeah I unfortunately bumped into
her regularly in the White House so she
has really gone off I mean this is this
is the real deal they think that once
once again the press has got the
president in their clutches what what do
you make of this I mean it's kind of
shocking it's a little bit shocking that
she's taping stuff in this situation
it's not shocking it's a crime what
surprise as you walked in the Situation
Room is actually three different rooms
underneath the West Wing next to the
Navy mess and when you walk in there are
people at the desk who run it who are
responsible for its security and there's
a whole long row of lockable cabinet
where you are supposed to put your phone
your laptop any electronic device must
be locked in there before you go into
the the most these are called skiff
secure compartmented information
facility
these are this is the most important
skiff in the US government outside of
Air Force One this is where the
president goes when he's planning a
military intervention so the idea that
this woman knowingly there's no way you
do this accidentally walked into the
most important skiff in America with
astonishes recording it by device and
did this I tweeted it out yesterday she
should be prosecuted to the fullest
extent of the launcher so that I noticed
that they're going to sue her for
violating a nondisclosure agreement but
but that's not the same thing as yeah
prosecuting her yeah you don't think
that's gonna that's that's a civil
matter
she has been incredibly unwise I signed
an NDA when I came aboard to advise
candidate Trump about back in 2015 I
signed one with the Trump Organization
I'm sure she signed a very similar one
she has clearly written a book that is
defamatory and that goes against her
agreement she is in civil jeopardy with
regards to that and she is in federal
criminal jeopardy with with her abuse of
the classified infrastructure
regulations that are in the White House
on the one hand drew you have to you
have to be try and be Christian about it
this woman needs some kind of
professional help I mean the way the
statements she's making are beyond the
pale what she's saying about the
president the language uses the fact
that just two years ago she was saying
exactly the opposite unless she is a
totally amoral manipulator and just a
snake this is a person who may have some
mental issues as well as she needs to
get treated I have to ask you this she's
claimed she's got a tape of Trump US
using the n-word which I think would be
enormous ly depressing as well as
damaging did actually have if you have
the audio would order to be out there
she does huh yeah it's a lie okay it's a
lie which she left what she left where
when eight months ago the idea that
she'd be sitting on it for eight months
garbage okay now what since I've got you
here I've got to ask you some political
questions that this the race in Ohio in
this special special election with ball
derson where he just barely pulled it
out
in this Highland Republican district I
understand that even a near win is a win
I get all that but it does seem that the
numbers show some some damage to
Republican candidates at least so far in
these in the run-up to the midterms is
Trump bringing them down is that is what
happening that he's alienating people
with the the all they're kind of you
know obstreperous behavior not the
people who know I mean if you look at
the polling data from Pew the people who
voted for Donald Trump two years ago are
still massively fond of him and support
him
there was a superb piece I think it was
today or yesterday that Selina Zito
wrote in New York Post where she she
just crunches the math special elections
never reflect the state of a nation just
before a midterm you go back to 2006 the
the Democrats lost every single special
election that year when it came to the
midterm they flipped the House by 30
seats four years later you saw the same
thing with with the debt with the GOP
the Republicans lost every single
special election and then took the house
back so the idea that that a very Suey
generous district or state actually
tells you what's going on in the nation
it doesn't really hold true it's it's
easy for you know the left to draw
certain conclusions but a special
election is called special for a reason
you know when we were in the in the
Trump International there was a fellow
there who you were sort of describing is
a major observer of politics and kind of
a fixer III and I asked him what he
thought he said oh we're gonna well we
won't lose the Senate but we are gonna
lose the house do you agree with him no
I don't and he's a good friend of mine
we work together in a White House but he
is a genetic pessimist and he's being
cautious he's being cautious but no I I
think you just just forget talk politics
and remove from the equation who you
vote is for I don't care who you are
and just be completely cold and clinical
about the last year and a half who's
actually produced something that is
positive in the last year and a half
these are the Democrats I mean what what
what are you voting for
you miss googly eyes when you're voting
for the Democrats it just there's no
there there I mean there's hatred yeah
okay which is great with their base but
all the millions of people who have
profited literally you know financially
in the last year and a half by getting
jobs or spiritually by getting off
welfare or getting off opioids or
what-have-you
those people are not going to vote for
Manny Pelosi well I mean well they you
know it really it really if Trump were
not Trump the death of Isis the
appointments he's made on the courts the
economy I think I would be on the $10
bill I mean is it worth if he weren't
self and imagine imagine imagine if
somebody had done what Alma Rosa did to
the Obama White House oh yeah see they
been taken I mean imagine the frenzy
yeah the frenzy she would be
excommunicated from polite society for
the rest of her life by the washington
press corps alright last question is
we've got so we got September October
before the elections what do you expect
to see coming out of the White House in
terms of dollars about my book come back
and talk about your book there's no
point talking about it now people forget
what it was already available or is for
pre-order your eyes well why we fight
yeah go ahead
what are you expecting to see come out
of the White House in terms of policy
between now and then I I think what
we're going to see is that the most
important thing the thing that will get
most oxygen is going to be the
ramifications of the the deal the
President signed yesterday for increased
defense expenditure what that means for
our capacity to be more forceful and
robust around the world and beyond that
it's getting serious about resetting our
trade relations with everybody and this
isn't about trade wars because the other
people started it first when you have
Canada leveraging your two hundred
eighty percent tariffs on our on our
milk who started the trade war it wasn't
us so I think that the biggest things
are the continuation of the resetting of
our global economic relations and
specifically within there how we deal
with a resurgent China that really is
the only threat we face
I mean we're dealing with Isis we'll
deal with Iran we'll deal with Russia
with North Korea the only long-term
threat we face as a nation is a China
that wishes to displace us as the force
for good in the world so I think you
know you'll see a lot more interesting
actions being taken by the president
with regard to China and international
trade all right Sebastian Gorka why we
fight is out on October 9th but you can
pre-order it on Amazon why we fight by
Sebastian Gorka thanks very much for
coming all right let's talk again thanks
for God bless the way Thanks all right
we're running short let's go right to
sexual follies
old expression which I always love the
the expression was never eat lunch at a
place called mom's never play cards with
a man named doc and never sleep with a
woman who has more problems than you do
and I first time I heard that I thought
you'd never sleep with a woman ever but
now there is a new survey of a thousand
people from Germany found that men have
better sex with women who are less
emotionally stable so the less
emotionally stable a woman is the better
time you're gonna have so that advice is
now obsolete
I'd never sleep with a woman who has
more problems than you do only sleep
with women who have than you do and the
other thing they found was that women
had better sex with men who are more
disagreeable so crazy women and nasty
men is where basically your best sex bet
that's what this is why you should get
married because you know the thing about
freedom is it lets you do whatever you
want but we're also nuts that we do
terrible terrible things if you get
married over time you will learn to
please each other you'll be with
somebody you like you won't be you know
sitting around with a stranger you won't
be following your own stupid desires
into some terrible relationship with a
crazy woman and a nasty man so don't you
know there's another study that came out
that says we're having less sex over the
last decade this is why when you have
sex with anybody you want you make
terrible terrible mistakes alright love
that I love that who do you want to
sleep if I want to sleep with someone
who's nuts you know and if she's not
nuts I want somebody really nasty that's
the way that's the way it ought to be ah
the human race what a what a what a
tragedy all right tomorrow is the mail
bag your questions answered all the
answers guaranteed correct go on The
Daily wire calm subscribe for a lousy 10
bucks a month or a hundred bucks for the
full year it's nothing it's nothing we
will solve all your problems
hit the podcast button at the Andrew
Klavan podcast hit the mailbag and ask
your questions about anything you want I
will be here to answer them all all your
problems solved it's so easy it's so
easy hundred bucks you can have all your
problems off for an entire year not a
deal alright I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin show and we will see
you again tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
