so Omarosa you know she was the reality
star from The Apprentice she worked in
the Trump White House in the reality
star White House she is she's making
some serious allegations against Donald
Trump she's saying that he's a racist
he's a bigot he's of this she's pushing
her book called unhinged another example
of I know you are but what am i that's
what we should we should call today I
know you are but what am i this famously
crazy reality TV store is is putting out
a book called unhinged here are some of
her so she's made the allegations that
he's a racist in the past she said he's
not a racist she then secretly recorded
a chief of staff John Kelly firing her
in the Situation Room how she got the
tape
who knows but she's recording him in the
Situation Room here's the tape we got to
talk to you about leaving the White
House it's part of my attention over the
last few months that there's been some
pretty in my opinion significant
integrity you should ask you a couple
questions
does the president is president aware
don't let's not go down the road this is
a non-negotiable discussion I don't want
to negotiate I just I've never talked I
had a chance to talk to you too don't
cover so that this is my departure I'd
like to have at least an opportunity
understand you can we can talk another
time this has to do with some pretty
serious finally integrity violations so
let it go with that so the staff and
everyone on the staff works for me not
the president
so John Kelly says you're being fired
because you have no integrity and what
does she do she proves him exactly right
in the moment by the way not in
retrospect in the moment she is
recording the chief of staff to the
president in the Situation Room huge
violation of national security
huge violation of even just regular
decorum to to record your boss certainly
when your boss is the chief of staff to
the president United States you're in
the West Wing
she proves them exactly right that this
should be the end of the conversation
she says I've got a secret tape of John
Kelly telling me that I have no
integrity yes we're correct yeah okay
and then everything John Kelly says I'll
believe everything you say I won't
believe
