the fact that young people are so
attracted to socialism is I think a
topic worth inspecting especially
because many people have inspected it
and talked about and analyzed it and I
just I think that the analysis and the
conclusions that are drawn are often
very very wrong
now different surveys give you different
figures but they all seem to agree that
around half of all Millennials at this
point find socialism appealing on some
level which is which is really concerned
that's I mean that's a lot a half is a
lot okay and according to a recent
survey that I read one in 10 Millennials
believe that Joseph Stalin who killed 20
million people as a conservative
estimate was a hero one in ten again
that is that that's that's an enormous
figure for people to admire Joseph
Stalin and then much higher numbers
admire other characters like the killer
and terrorist Che Guevara and others so
how do we explain this affinity for
socialism among and communism among
America's youth well I don't think it's
that hard to understand really I think
the explanation is is really pretty
simple it's kind of a matter of
arithmetic it's it's sort of a a
mathematical equation and the equation
goes like this okay it's failed
parenting plus fail plus failed
education system equals socialist that's
how you make socialist
and so let's talk about parents first of
all
it's the it's the job of a parent to
raise their children into independent
and self-sufficient adults and so
someone a newly minted adult someone
who's just become an adult should they
should want nothing more than to break
out of the protective cocoon of
childhood and and go out into the world
untethered free able to do whatever they
want energy ambition boldness vision
these are the things these are the marks
of youth or at least that used to be it
used to be the primary characteristics
of youth but what we find today is that
many young people are they have no
desire to leave the cocoon at all they
they or else they they desire to leave
one cocoon and then promptly enter into
another one so they want to leave the
cocoon of the home and their parents and
then they want to go into the cocoon of
the welfare state the nanny state
they want daddy in Washington to
supplant daddy at home that's what
they're looking for and it cannot be
overstated just how unnatural this is
