it's tradition we have to start Friday
live singing or humming because
everybody loves my singing and humming
right yeah I mean speaking of karaoke in
the news Kelly Ward haha I can never run
for office what about you I don't think
so but we can't be here for Friday live
I am Alicia Krause and I J Kaveri it's
nice to see you and we have lots of
people that would see the movies last
weekend I went to see a movie last night
what did you go see I would saw death of
a nation and a lot of our fans daily
wire fans also saw deaths of a nation
thoughts on it I thought it was good
yeah pretty good better than Obama's
America I don't know actually you have
to stand for the national anthem at the
end oh yeah the Battle Hymn of the
Republic spot-on we have a lot of people
that saw mission impossible I'm gonna be
seeing that tonight for date nights my
husband's birthday tomorrow so we're
doing dinner and a movie
gonna go see you know Superman on the
screen even though he's not Superman in
this movie I'm just saying that because
it's hard to stick is it cavil Henry
Cavill cavil no one of the worst
Superman's ever yeah
let's not talk about that right now
I'm also a lot of our listeners and fans
to the Daily wire our Disney obsessed
like moi in case you can't tell I do
have Minnie Mickey and Minnie's on my
nails because I'm going to Disneyland
next week to kick off the end of summer
a lot of people saw that Christopher
Robin movie
our very own Matt C saw it and I think
he cried in the theaters might happen
might have happened so when you put it
on Twitter it's like you have a public
Twitter profile everyone knows that you
cried like a baby
you know okay my mother-in-law saw it
she said it was quite sad okay I'm like
I don't want to spend 16 bucks to see a
movie that's quite sad I know that's
what the Tigger movie was like that I
wanted to see it so bad and then it was
sad yeah it's take her house the Tigger
movie says no I want to see fake things
like things that are actually impossible
so that only Hollywood can do them on
screen with the Scientologist exactly so
lots of Christopher Robin people o
Megalodon you know what I read about
that movie it's about a shark it is
about an you know imaginary shark like
that started I I actually was the idiot
that watched half of that thing on Shark
Week and was like this seems fake turns
out it was the
our movie cost 150 million dollars to
make Wow and they're worried that it's
only gonna gross like 20 million dollars
opening weekend that's incredible I
actually read the novel really it's
based on a book in the book it's
actually pretty scary
is it like a modern name Moby Dick
basically okay but with the shark but
with a giant shark
I wonder if Thor will play the main
characters Oh too bad he's not I don't
even know who's in this movie innocence
Tatum
oh okay I might watching moving on to
stuff that's happened this week there is
now a new Academy Awards category right
give me your thoughts on this they
should all be this category I thought
what is the category it's popular film
yes so I think that been yesterday when
we were talking about this and our
meeting for our Friday Live Meeting like
glanced at me and glared at me because I
know that he's a fan of The Dark Knight
but I said it should have you know one
that go yeah absolutely shoulda been
nominated and should've won best film
because it was such a great movie and
it's incredible that Christopher Nolan
doesn't have an Oscar for best film
I wonder if they're gonna do him like
Leonardo DiCaprio or they're just gonna
give him a film eventually just say okay
you should have won two years ago but
we're just gonna give you this movie
didn't they also do that with Ben
Affleck an Argo yeah like didn't he'd
direct because it was kind of the same
thing that he had done other films that
people were critically acclaimed and did
well in theaters I actually kind of
liked Argo
I thought it was good okay so we want to
know on instagram go check it out right
now should the Oscars keep this new
popular film category and it really does
just show how disconnected I need me
that story with Mila Kunis this week in
which she hashtag bad mom said that she
never knew that pro-life people existed
and until she started donating to
Planned Parenthood and Mike Pence's name
right I'm like well if you're donating
to Planned Parenthood because they're so
needed aren't they needed because to
find us evil pro-lifers anyway yeah all
they should say another example 1
million in 5 of how Hollywood is out of
touch I feel like this is another
example of how Hollywood is out of touch
oh yeah absolutely it's it's so crazy
how you know they they do things like
Mila Kunis where she said oh I've never
met anyone who's pro-life I'm like well
is it James Wood
her life is it Chuck Norris pro-life
won't she probably together yeah I doubt
it
I mean there's a few others out there
yeah what Everybody Loves Raymond
yeah Ray Romano oh uh PTIN yep there you
go I'm from the middle middle Stone that
was such a good show so what I mean how
are they gonna do divide these is it
going to be I mean will incredible to
that Incredibles to that gross a billion
dollars is that gonna be in the popular
category I know that how are they going
to determine it because a lot of a lot
of these artsy films are they are
popular sometimes you know we see this
with the Godfather which was a
legitimately amazing film and it went
right and I think it swept the Oscars at
the time so I think I think there's a
disconnect between what's popular and
what's what they think should be popular
okay speaking of things that are kind of
popular I think it's popular space space
is awesome the final frontier and now we
have a space for but can we put up
Trump's tweet president Trump tweeted
this amazing thing it's pretty awesome
it's it's hilarious and it is it's
totally Trump
I mean it's worse all the way that's
what my five-year-old wouldn't say I'm
just putting it out there absolutely to
infinity and beyond he might as well
have said that I'm already in baking
okay sorry so there are I mean you
aren't the only person to say that
there's talking heads over on MSNBC and
CNN Fox News also using the buzz
lightyear references but I have to say
when the Obama administration scaled
back NASA I thought that it was a bad
thing because I talked with lots of
people that work either in private
security CIA like FBI military as well
there's lots of innovations that have
come out of NASA that the military uses
and that now even the private sector
uses there's something like even certain
types of pens like waterproof pens and
just different things that can be used
in everyday life that NAT the NASA
program developed and implemented also
hey we were first to the moon's take
that Russia all that to say I don't
think that space course is a bad thing
and it really looks as if it's just
going to be implementing more funding
for the Air Force to continue their
advancements in Satellite protection etc
yeah I agree and I honestly think this
is a good idea I think it's like you
said I disagreed with Obama scaling back
NASA and everyone's worried about the
logistics of it but I think if it's
under like say the Air Force or under
NASA I think they'll do a good job of
organizing it and I mean we cannot I
don't want to be the slippery slope
argument person that's like super
fear-mongering for the future but look
at how good Isis was at using digital
media to recruit and propagandize and
promote their ideology and insert fear
in people's lives don't tell me that in
20 to 50 years we aren't gonna need a
defense mechanism right exactly I mean
you could call me cuckoo or you could
call me Princess Leia and I just want to
be prepared to fight the Death Star well
salad
let's do it space force all the way
that's what I say that's what President
Polk says to one more moving on to some
pop culture so this is an interesting
thing where like Christianity and Justin
Bieber are crossing paths well you know
he's a fan of Hillsong he and his buddy
Carlin's over there at Hillsong New York
I think Carlin's has mentored him for a
while so Haley Baldwin explains a lot
yes the gorgeous daughter of super
conservative Christian Stephen Baldwin
hey Stephen is engaged to Justin Bieber
Wow international pop star Justin Bieber
it makes me feel really old when I read
how young they are didn't Justin Bieber
get punched out by Orlando Bloom I don't
remember this I think that was a thing I
happen at a club
oh really maybe I don't know he once
also peed in a bucket in the kitchen and
he was like yelling curse words about
Bill Clinton it was real weird and it
was crossing over now he's crossing over
and he is reading a book about marriage
by Redeemer Presbyterian pastor Timothy
Keller who was an internationally known
Christian pastor and speaker there have
been some rumors that oh he was seen
crying in public with Haley's are they
breaking up no turns out you're married
I'm married sometimes you go through
premarital counseling and go through
stuff stuff gets dredged up and you have
to work things out according to sources
and People magazine note and over on TMZ
Justin actually feels like he doesn't
deserve Haley and he doesn't deserve to
be this happy and he's really taking
time to study up and take this marriage
thing really seriously and I applaud him
for that I think that's a good move on
his behalf and only thing
music any better but I did have a
problem though it was really interesting
because TMZ was trying to call Timothy
Cal or Tim Keller is what most people
calm like a chauvinist because he I
guess his name on the book and I haven't
really booked what's the title of the
book I just went blank the meaning of
marriage okay there we go
Matt knows he's our resident Biola
person enough but you went to seminary
so we got lots of Christians up in here
so I was like a TMZ actually accused him
of being like a chauvinist because his
name is bigger on the book and they're
like oh is Justin Bieber gonna be like
the man that temps down the woman in the
marriage turns out no one at TMZ has
ever read the Bible
maybe I all should check it out or the
book the good book and and I just kind
of said to them I was like come on now
turns out most of the time on books the
name that's the largest is the one that
people are more familiar with and then
you pointed out that she actually
co-wrote a couple of small anecdotes in
the book but Tim Keller himself wrote
the majority of the book that is why his
name is Baker had she written the bulk
of it her name would have been bigger
and his would have been smaller I think
Jonathan Eldridge did that with his wife
when they co-wrote books together they
what you're saying is Christian men
don't let their women write know what
you're saying right now I'm just kidding
obviously
anyway this does we also have Nick Jonas
and Priyanka Chopra who are engaged now
as well so we've got a lot of celebrity
engagements but the question for you
guys that we want you to tell us on
Instagram Facebook YouTube Twitter or
whatever is how long do you think Justin
Bieber and Haley Baldwin will stay
married I think though I think they'll
go solid especially if Justin Bieber is
showing that he's kind of matured I
think I think it's gonna be in for the
long haul i I actually agree with you
especially I was encouraged to see that
he asked her dad Steven Baldwin for
permission and I felt like that was
really old fashioned the fact that they
appeared to be doing premarital
counseling he's reading books like this
it seems as if he's taking it really
seriously
and I think that they both have like
parents on both sides that are pretty
grounded like I think Justin's mom is
pretty grounded I know that Steven and
his wife are really grounded so it'll be
interesting so that's
question for this week let us know what
you think thanks for being here thanks
for watching I'm going to the happiest
place on the where earth but I will be
here next Friday
bye guys goodbye
you
