you you sent out that tweet it was so
brilliantly done where you took Sarah
Jong the the Asian New York Times
editorial board member that her tweets
about white people her tweets
denigrating white people and you
switched the race and you were you were
booted off of Twitter for that I was I
was booted up a Twitter because for
harassment and you're not allowed to
discriminate based off of recent gender
but she wanted off the Twitter she was
not she kept the tweets up since 2013 so
she's had those she hasn't even taken
them down in lieu of the controversy but
instantly as soon as I said it about
black about black people and Jewish
people
I was wiped off and look I agree that
the sentiments are racist and that was
the point you know but why
what is the platform saying when you say
that it's a right to discriminate
against white people but it's not okay
to discriminate against black people so
you're you're saying that now you you
get suspended from Twitter and then
Twitter finally puts you back on after a
day or two is that so then it's then
it's all good then everybody the big
tech is okay with you now no actually so
three hours after I tweeted that I was
reinstated I didn't even I didn't apply
to be reinstated but there was so much
noise Twitter went crazy with us and
then they're big people must have been
like oh it was a big accent they sent me
an apology but I just logged on to my
Facebook account I just landed in
Arizona and I'm kicked off with Facebook
too I'm in facebook jail for 24 hours
with a warning for the exact same tweet
hey what can we say big tech really
cares about black people not so much if
your skins white wow that's so what that
is incredible
so it's the same tweet what you just
posted a the text or a screenshot or
something just you know it's a
screenshot of the exact same tweet so it
wasn't I didn't even like redo it for
Facebook's platform I just screenshot
like black people should live
underground like goblins but the best
part of the tweet is that I specifically
say under the following tweet is from
Sara Jang New York Times editor I simply
replace the word white with black and
it's not okay it's not acceptable
because that's where we're at in this
society they condone hate against white
people and they say that they're doing
it I don't know maybe it's it they're
they're calling balls and strikes and
because of slavery I guess we're just
allowed to just be blatantly racist to
white people in this society because
black people represent a minority we're
allowed to be blatantly racist
tweye people in this society and I'm
strongly against it it's ideologically
inconsistent the oppressed are not
allowed to become the oppressors doesn't
work that way it is incredible because
that the your tweets so clearly showed
that that there is this racial double
standard and that by big tech by the New
York Times by all of these huge
privileged institutions bigotry against
white people is tolerated and they talk
about white privilege but it's hard to
get more privileged than the Editorial
Board of the New York Times
