you wonder why showbusiness hates Donald
Trump because they're in the business of
the imagination they're in the business
of the imagination where you know
Alexandria Google eyes Cortez has
policies that work we can afford her
policies because they all make sense in
the world of the imagination
so there's thrilled Rosie O'Donnell I
unbelievable
I remember when I was when they first
started having rock videos on TV there
was a station called vh1 I think it was
called this may still be on and one of
the VJs was Rosie O'Donnell and I used
to watch her while I was on the
elliptical machine I would watch the
rock videos as I was exercising and
there would be there was this kind of
black guy with there's got black guy
with glasses and I thought he was really
charming and really had a lot of talent
and I thought boy this Rosie O'Donnell
has no talent that I she is going
nowhere will never and of course that
the guy the black I ended up doing like
frozen food commercials and Rosie
O'Donnell became a fairly major player
she is still a no-talent
but she's outside she's gathered the
Broadway together because they know they
know right winger wants to go see a
Broadway play anymore so they know
they're not gonna alienate anybody and
they're singing songs outside the white
house to protest Donald Trump they're
gonna do it until they leave so here's
her protest we are so thrilled to
finally be here at the Kremlin annex
on night 22 how many have been here
every night let's hear it and we're
gonna keep coming back until he's out so
so first of all Trump wasn't even there
when they were doing this but I think
it's kind of like Joshua if they sing
you know climb every mountain loud
enough the White House will just crumble
you know it's like but it's all it's all
imaginary and Rosie O'Donnell is the
perfect perfect spokeswoman they're
giving they're having her on shows
they're having her on television shows
and they forget that she's a true Thor
she's nuts the woman is out of her mind
she she's the one who said well play it
play it so we have that thing from the
view yeah this is cut number eight I do
believe that it is the first time in
history that fire has ever melted steel
I do believe that it defies physics for
the World Trade Center tower seven
building seven which collapsed in on
itself it is impossible for a building
to fall the way it fell without
explosives being involved World Trade
Center seven World Trade a one and two
got hit by planes seven miraculously the
first time in history steel was melted
by fire
it is a physically impossible and who do
you think is responsible for that I have
no idea but to say that we don't know
that it imploded it was an implosion in
a demolition is beyond ignorant look at
the films get a physics expert here from
Yale from Harvard pick the school it
defies reason you know Popular Mechanics
did a whole article explaining why they
the World Trade Center collapsed exactly
what it didn't it didn't melt the steel
although fires made to use the it used
to make steel but it didn't melt it just
weakened it so that they the supports
collapsed anyway it all made perfect
sense of course of course there was not
what I always loved the 9/11 conspiracy
because I have no idea what the point of
it is but this is who she is this is
what she is just pure ignorance and pure
paranoia she goes on Chris Cuomo show on
CNN and even Chris Cuomo gives her a
reality check when you're getting a
reality check from Chris Cuomo you are
no longer anywhere near reality I mean
he's not only bad because he's a liar
he's bad because he doesn't know how to
inspire people or evoke that emotion in
them of what about his rally knowing and
there first of all people are paid Chris
you know that people were paid since he
went down on the escalator
he pays people to show up that right but
I don't know that that's but I don't
know that that's why he gets tens of
thousands at the rallies I think he
captures a lot of emotion tens of
thousands when did he get tens of
thousands of a lot of these well me wet
well no not at the tamp I think they
only had 9,000 seats and there were
people outside but Rosie I've seen them
he gets big groups of people who come
out he he gives themes that resonate
whether they're positive or not that's
up to other people to decide maybe some
are I don't know I can't paid I don't
have the facts that his crowds are boy
you can look at well you can look at all
the requests for extras to come and
cheer and with signs for him you can
find those tangible pieces of evidence
okay not only are the Trump supporters
paid but they are actually modeled out
of the steel that was melted at the
World Trade Center they're completely
phony
