the other issue that Republicans should
be campaigning on is obviously the the
self involvement of the media always a
big wonderful Republicans and the leader
in this particular category is Jim
Acosta who that dude loves him some Jim
Acosta I mean whoo
does Jim Acosta love Jim Acosta so last
night he's on Stephen Colbert show now I
would just like to make a note about
people who don't believe in media bias
Jim Acosta is on is on Stephen Colbert
show pod save America which is a podcast
that does similar or smaller numbers
than this podcast has its own outlet on
HBO when do you think HBO is gonna come
a-callin it's not a complaint we do fine
here I mean we don't need HBO's money
but if you don't think there's a media
bias the fact that Jim Acosta in
Alexandria cosmically has been on
Colbert and we have never received a
single phone call from a late night show
is sort of and it's not just us I mean
you're never going to see any of the
major host on the right ever invited on
any of these late-night shows because
these late-night host don't actually
want to have to have an argument with
these folks they just want to invite on
fellow lefties that they can talk with
and feel comfortable with Jim Acosta who
is definitely not definitely not a self
aggrandizing jerk Jim Acosta is
definitely not a self infatuated person
right he's certainly not a guy who
believes himself to be the great savior
of the media he is certainly just
fighting for you the people he tweeted
this out getting ready to bring some
hashtag real news to Colbert Late Show
with Stephen at home hashtag not the
enemy and then it's a picture of him
looking in the mirror at himself which
okay first of all he actually there's
somebody else taking this picture right
he has to have a Seth
somebody else is in the room with him
staged this photo so he can look like it
never occurs to him how self
aggrandizing and arrogant this looks
that somebody that that's what's amazing
the the truly incredible part of this
particular photo is the fact that Jim
Acosta is looking at Jim Acosta in the
mirror smiling smugly to himself and he
handed somebody his phone presumably to
take that well-lit picture of him
looking like a hero looking into the
mirror I mean the funny part of this is
that Jim Acosta sees himself looking in
the mirror and he sees Superman and the
rest of us see that guy from from The
Hangover who's lost his front tooth
looking in the mirror right that's the
that's that's really what this is and
the other part of this tweet that's just
great is he says he's going to bring
some real news to call
late show his Stephen Colbert is
legitimately a satirist it's a
late-night show so he's gonna bring real
news real news is going on The Colbert
Late Show so what exactly did Jim Acosta
say on the show we've been looking
everywhere for this video but here is
what he actually said he actually said
this and thought it was an intelligent
thing to say which is an amazing thing
he said all of our anchors are
photographers around the world our
producers some of my fellow reporters
who go into war zones and put their
lives on the line they're not the enemy
of the people
okay that's fair but then he says this
my colleagues at ABC CBS NBC and yes Fox
News they're not in the they're not the
enemy of the people either in a
government that is of the people by the
people and for the people there's no
such thing as an enemy of the people
that last sentence makes no sense at all
and the fact that he had to think about
that and write that up and memorize it
beforehand that doesn't make any sense
if the media were actually part of the
government at least the argument makes
sense although that means that suggests
that there are people in the government
who can never be enemies of the people
which i think is blatantly untrue there
plenty of governments all over the world
that are enemies of their own people but
that last line that a government that is
of the people by the people and for the
people there's no such thing as an enemy
of the people you know we used to say
that you know whose line that is by the
people for the people of the people that
that is a line from Abraham Lincoln who
legitimately jail journalist so there's
that but also the the idea again the
idea that the media and the government
are one and the same is sort of the
problem here because the media in the
government are one and the same until it
comes time to critique a Republican then
all of a sudden they are the watchdogs
on the front lines of truth and Jim
Acosta man the media just doing what
they can to demonstrate that they are
completely out of touch with the
American people
