so I wanted to build on something that
we we talked about yesterday and that is
if you if you remember we we talked
about social media and how social media
fuels our narcissism and causes us to
think about ourselves focus on ourselves
in inordinate amount and this is where a
lot of the self-esteem issues come from
now it's not that we it's not that we we
think badly about ourselves in this
culture it's that it's just that we
think about ourselves way too often we
spend way too much time thinking about
ourselves and when we do that of course
we're gonna notice our flaws and of
course we're gonna be obsessed with
those flaws because we're obsessed with
ourselves and then we and then we we
chalk that up to a self-esteem problem
when really it's a it's a it's a
narcissism problem it's almost the
opposite of a self-esteem problem and
now that isn't to say that we should
never notice our flaws we have to be we
need to be self-aware we need to know
that we have flaws but we shouldn't
spend all day noticing them and the best
thing to do with a character flaw or a
moral flaw is to once you notice it to
then just set out to correct it to live
your life and try to correct it in the
way that you live your life and the best
thing to do with a with an unfixable
physical flaw is to just forget it
and again live your life either way the
process is harder and we are interfering
with it when we are too focused on
ourselves now I mentioned that I think
these these love yourself embrace your
flaws types of campaigns are misguided
and they're very common these days of
course where we're constantly being told
to love yourself love yourself
I think it's misguided because we should
be encouraging each other to to forget
about ourselves forget yourself and
focus on other things look outward
instead of always inward
so I don't agree with running around and
telling everyone to love themselves and
in fact I think that if we just dropped
that phrase from our vocabulary
completely and never again discussed
loving yourself self-love you got to
love if we never talked about those
things ever again we would be better for
it
now I got a lot of feedback to that idea
about self-love so some of it positive a
lot of it negative or critical I should
say anyway and and honestly the critical
feedback it hurt my own self-love so I
want you to know that hurt my feelings
so now I wanted to order to expand upon
it a little bit more because I think
it's an important point
my basic theory is this loving yourself
if understood correctly can be good
but not as an end in itself and not as
the beginning either
now I think there are two huge mistakes
we make when we talk about self love the
idea of loving ourselves are two huge
mistakes the first mistake is in
thinking that loving yourself is the
highest good and the ultimate point of
life that's obviously a big mistake
the second mistake is in thinking that
self love is the starting point and you
really can't love anyone else until you
love yourself now I'm not gonna spend
much time debunking the first idea which
is which is Satanism the idea that self
love is the highest code the ultimate
point that's Satanism and it is a
philosophy that's been adopted in the
mainstream by by by leftism but I've
talked about that plenty of times in the
past I will again in the future for now
I I'm going to address the second idea
which is prevalent even among people who
know that self love is not the highest
good it's still very prevalent and you
hear this all the time don't you Raymond
you've heard this men maybe you've said
it yourself that you can't love someone
else until you learn to love yourself
you'll even hear that that you really
can't do anything with your life
until you love yourself this is what's
implied when you ask someone you know
you meet someone that you haven't seen
in a while and you say oh what are you
doing with yourself what are you doing
for a living and they say well I'm just
working on myself right now
just working on myself now Christians
will tend to think that and what he
means is he's completely he is he that
this is a person who has just caved in
on themselves just completely just there
you're looking at a void of a person
where they have completely caved in and
they've blocked everything else out and
they're just thinking about themselves
all day and weren't working on
themselves
now Christians will tend to think that
there's scriptural support for this
approach they'll point to Jesus saying
love your neighbor as yourself and they
take that to mean that you cannot begin
the project of loving your neighbor
until you have developed a sufficient
affection for yourself but that is not
at all what is meant
you see we have to remember that love
your neighbor as yourself is the second
greatest commandment first commandment
that we're given is love the Lord God
with all your with all your heart and
with all your soul and with all your
mind and with all your strength I would
say that if we if we concentrate on the
first commandment which is loving God
and then if we concentrate next on the
first part of the second commandment
which is loving our neighbor and if we
really give that our attention then love
for ourselves we'll just be tossed into
the bargain we don't even have to think
about it
if you're really focused on loving God
and loving your neighbor then then your
little self love just comes with it it's
just part of it
self-love is not the starting point it's
not the beginning and it's not the end
goal either it's a byproduct it's
something that happens in the middle and
not because you're trying to make it
happen it it simply does happen there's
another important thing we should
remember about love your neighbor as
yourself love your neighbor as yourself
what that really means in context is
keep your neighbors interests at heart
like you keep your own interests at
heart this is not this is Jesus is not
recommending self-esteem that Jesus is
simply building off of the fact that we
all naturally as individuals value our
own interests and work towards
fulfilling them everybody on earth
naturally does that now we may have very
wrong ideas about what's in our best
interests but we still are that's we
were very concerned about that all the
time we're concerned about our own
interest so Jesus is just taking that
for granted he's not saying to work on
that or to build that up he's saying
you're already like that so you don't to
think about that's how you are but
instead take that mentality and apply it
to your neighbor don't worry about
fortifying that mentality about yourself
apply it to your neighbor but we've
taken this command that we've done the
opposite we've taken it the opposite
direction that's the opposite of what we
were supposed to do where we use it as
an excuse for selfishness no no no
that's that's the opposite of what he
meant
I think there are two things about love
that we have to remember in order to tie
you know in order to really work through
this idea of self-love the first thing
is you know Aquinas says that to love he
defines love as willing the good of the
other right that is wanting what is good
for someone not necessarily wanting them
to always get what they want but wanting
what is actually good for them
what is actually good and then working
so far as we can to actively bring about
that good
I've never heard a better definition of
love I think that is that's the
definition right that's whatever the
dictionary says that right there Aquinas
he has the definition to will the good
of the other at least that's the
definition for person-to-person love
love for God is a little bit different
because you can't really we'll the good
of God here he already has everything he
needs
there is no good that you can provide
for him or wish for him because he's the
author of all good so he already has all
that he contains that he is it love for
God I think could be defined more like
maybe something like what wanting to
give God what he is due which would be
our faith our loyalty our trust our
obedience so it love and God means but
how does this definition apply to self
love
what does it even mean to love yourself
what is what is the definition and it's
kind of confusing because you'll notice
that both of these definitions although
the second one I just came up with but
the the first one from Thomas qty that
it's outwardly focused by definition how
do you bring it back on yourself
well I guess
to love yourself if if loving others is
to will the good of the other to love
yourself must mean to will what is good
for you not to will what is pleasurable
necessarily or even what is always
desirable but to will what is actually
edifying healthy wholesome things that
are going to elevate you bring you
closer to truth that's a beauty and to
God to love someone else to put it more
simply is to want them to go to heaven
and to work to kind of help them get
there and so to love yourself is to want
yourself to go to heaven and to help
yourself get there but that desire in
its in its fullest and holiest state is
not rooted in a love for yourself it's
rooted in a love for God so you you want
to be good and do good because that's
what you ought to do because that's what
God deserves for you to do
so I think we see that self-love cannot
be the starting point it can't be the
point at all it's not the point it's a
thing that happens when you worry about
loving things beyond yourself it is the
product of those things second point we
see from Aquinas is definition that love
is active it's not just a feeling
this of course is a is a huge
misconception we have in our culture and
it's been disastrous for our culture has
been disastrous especially for families
and for marriages where we look at love
as a feeling of affection but it's not
love is an act - will - will the good of
the other problem is that when people
talk about about loving themselves
they mean it almost always as a purely
emotional exercise they mean they mean
to say that they want to feel good about
themselves that's what this so that's
what they mean so I'm working on loving
myself what they mean is I'm working on
feeling good about myself
there they are essentially sitting
around trying to conjure up emotions
about themselves
or maybe they're even taking drugs the
to help that or whatever there there
there they are trying to develop
emotions in their head about themselves
and this is a ridiculous exercise
because you're never gonna reach a state
where you feel always good about
yourself that's never gonna happen
it shouldn't happen anyway you should
there are times when you should feel bad
about yourself when you do something bad
when you do a horrible or selfish or
cowardly thing you should feel bad about
yourself you shouldn't feel great in
those moments doesn't mean you should
hate yourself
you shouldn't go into despondency and
despair over but but you shouldn't feel
good about yourself either
so there's never going to be there's
never gonna be a point where you always
show good buddy sub just like just like
you're never gonna reach a point where
you feel always affectionate towards
your your spouse or your kids but you
love your spouse and your kids hopefully
anyway in fact in fact love really comes
into play in the moments where you don't
feel particularly good you're talking
about you're in a family setting with
your with your spouse or your children
it's when you don't feel that really
strong affection because you're tired or
you're annoyed or you're angry or you're
hurt or whatever it is right it's when
you don't feel that when you when you
don't have that affection necessarily
that's when love really comes in that's
when the love is really needed because
then to love the other person is an act
of will it's really a choice it's not
just something that you're doing because
because you happen to be feeling pretty
good at the moment
anybody can act loving when they feel
loving anyone can do that doesn't mean
anything even the most abusive and
horrible spouse can still act loving in
the moments where he feels loving
but it doesn't mean anything if the
moment when those those feelings leave
you start acting like a tyrant
so to act loving when you don't feel it
that's the real thing right there I mean
that's that's it that's love it's that's
really love and it's in its strongest
state
or maybe I should say in its rawest
state so when we always focus on our
emotions about ourselves we're embarking
on this really foolish and narcissistic
quest to reach a state of emotional
constancy in relation to ourselves which
is never going to happen instead we
should just be always doing what is good
for ourselves actually good not what is
always pleasurable or anything like that
but just what is actually good is
actually bringing us higher and closer
to truth and and we should just be doing
that all the time and let the emotions
come and go as they will
there really shouldn't be a reason to
talk about self-love it's not the point
of everything it's not the starting
point it's not the end it's not
something you feel it's it's something
that comes with the package of loving
others in a real and active way the last
thing I'll say is this think about the
implications of this idea that that you
have to love yourself before you can
love other people think about what that
looks like in practice think about how
this must work in a marriage for the
brief period where somebody with this
mentality could actually stay at a
marriage think about how that must work
you'd be going up to your spouse and
saying sorry honey I can't love you
today
I'm just not feeling great about myself
you see I need to love myself again and
then oh and then I'll get around to you
okay but I can't love you right now
because I'm just not feeling great
now I think that obviously is not the
right approach the opposite is the
better approach forget about yourself
love your spouse serve your spouse and
then magically you'll find that your
opinion of yourself improves
it's if that's what happens
it's really it's really magical like
that go out and do good things for
others
and do your duty fulfill your
responsibilities live as though you feel
great about yourself and then you'll
find that oh wow I feel pretty good
right now
but then you can't but but here's the
this is what I'm talking about we've
become so focused on our emotions about
ourselves you can't that's your emotions
about yourself that's that's just an
underlying thing it's it's it's a
current that's kind of there but you
can't stop and think about it because
even when you're going out and you're
living your life and you're doing what
you're supposed to do and you're being
self sacrificial and you're being loving
towards others that is gonna lift you up
emotionally as well but the moment that
you stop and dwell on it you stop think
wow I really feel great about myself
right now let me think more about how I
feel about myself let me analyze the the
moment you do that it all falls apart
you start losing all of it it's like now
it's now it's just water through your
fingertips and you're trying to grab it
it's like no I just had it it's gone now
that's because you're not supposed to
stop and think about it continue living
continue going I guess it's it's it's a
little bit like when you if you've ever
really dwelled on breathing
or if you've been walking and you and
you began to think this is kind of a how
am i walking right now I'm not I don't
feel myself telling myself to walk you
start dwelling on the act of walking or
the act in the moment you do that it
starts to feel weird like you almost
forget how to do it
because you're not supposed to dwell on
it
it's kind of something that your your
you do automatically
so love yourself first and then and then
you could love others no I think I think
I think the ops is the case I think
maybe the way that we should phrase it
is is is something like this you cannot
love yourself until you learn how to
love something other than yourself
I think maybe that's the way we should
put it
and that's how we should live all right
thanks for watching and thanks for
listening everybody Godspeed
you
