F F is for feminism feminism is a
movement to end the unfair treatment of
women by having women complain about
every little thing until you just can't
stand them before feminism women was
forced to stay at home shaping the souls
of a new generation until their children
rose up and calls them blessed they
weren't allowed to do important stuff
like running the amalgamated widget
company while under paying poor minority
women to stay at home and shape the
souls of a new generation after the poor
minority women had dropped their own
children off at unclean overcrowded
daycare centers
conversely before feminism men got all
the breaks and were allowed to do cool
stuff like work for a living and try not
to sleep around even though they really
wanted to today though because of
feminism women have many rights they
never had before they have the right to
miss the experience of raising their
children by working eight hours a day
for a man who doesn't care about them
before going home to ruin their
children's lives by spoiling them
because they feel so guilty about not
having been there all day they have the
right to enjoy meaningless sex just like
men do and then get incredibly depressed
and feel as if they'd been used and
treated like a piece of meat because
they were used and treated like a piece
of meat by men who enjoy meaningless sex
much more than women do
they have the right to daydream that a
man will come and rescue them and take
care of them and then feel guilty about
it because feminism told them they're
not supposed to daydream that but they
do anyway
and they have the right to blame their
problems on men until no man on earth
would want to talk to them and they're
forced to spend the best years alone
pretending that's okay when it's really
not but they're not allowed to say so
before feminism arose in the 1970s
according to a recent not made up study
women judged themselves to be happier
than men since the advent of feminism
women's happiness and satisfaction have
declined until now men report themselves
to be happier when asked why they were
less happy after feminism than before
women said shut up I don't want to talk
about it just leave me alone then they
ran away sobbing uncontrollably f is for
feminism
I'm Andrew Clavin with the Lefty's
dictionary
