the corollary of that is the Democrats
because they are so jazzed up could move
radically to the left and that means
that their future is Alexandra Ocasio
Cortez now yesterday I said that
Alexandra Ocasio Cortez is not the
brightest bulb in the basket and I stand
by that statement because she is not in
fact the brightest bulb in the basket
she was on pod save America yesterday
and she made a series of ridiculous
silly statements she again is considered
the future of the Democratic Party
because she's an intersectional
candidate she is she's a person of great
intersectional capacity should woman and
she is his she's latina and that means
that she has valuable things to say even
if she is just saying random stuff all
the time it doesn't make any sense well
yesterday I'm pod save America she was
asked a series of kisses questions and
she proceeded to immediately blow them
sky-high because she can't even answer
those questions properly by the way you
know there I've received a lot of emails
would I debate Alexander Ocasio Cortes I
would pay money to Alexander Acacio
Cortez's campaign to debate Alexandra
Ocasio Cortez I would pay her money to
come on the Sunday special I would give
money to her campaign if it meant that
she would actually come on the Sunday
special it answers some serious
questions from somebody on the other
side of the aisle but there's a reason
that she's only existing in the safe
space of POD save America where they're
just gonna ask her questions like
Alexandra where do you get that lipstick
Alexandra how do you do your hair in the
morning so Alexandra can you talk to us
about how Republicans are mean and cruel
it was really funny this morning she
tweeted out because there's a lot of
blowback after her various interviews
she tweeted out a bunch of a bunch of
things about how she how the reason
people are coming after her is because
they're trying to distract from this
burgeoning Republican scandal there's a
Republican representative who's now been
arrested for some sort of bank fraud
he's a big early backer of President
Trump's and she says the reason people
are coming after me is specifically
because they're trying to distract us
whenever the right is being particularly
feisty towards me the first thing I do
is check to see which bad news of theirs
they're trying to distract from lo and
behold and then shows representative
Chris Collins of New York Trump's early
as congressional backer was arrested by
the FBI on securities fraud related
charges well no the reason that we focus
on Alexandra Ocasio cortez is because
the media have fallen in love with the
lady who owned 17,000 votes in a
democratic
in New York and we're all supposed to
believe that she's the wave of the
future that's why we're paying attention
also cuz a lot of fun to pay attention
to the dumb stuff she says because if
this is the future of the Democratic
Party the future is stupid
