this last episode of The Bachelorette
has created quite a hubbub also about
censoring people on social media take it
away
we saw it all go down on the season
finale rebecca jo kufran my Becca will
you marry me
Wow bro it brings a tear to my eye tear
of Rage does its I've I've never watched
this show that is the most of the
Bachelorette or bachelor that I've ever
seen I don't ever intend on watching it
but a good news story came out so we got
to talk about it I'm gonna I'm gonna
butcher these names on the premiere of a
Bachelorette last year
Garrett year ago Ian got the
first-impression rose from Becca kufran
and this apparently is a big deal
because then at the season finale he
proposed to her and they're gonna go
live happily ever after and isn't that
is a night lovely but then but then the
Huffington Post found out that he'd
liked some conservative jokes on
Instagram that's right Garrett ego who
got he got hugga liked some conservative
jokes on Instagram and now they're in
turmoil ABC by the way the network that
hosts the Bachelorette same network that
canceled Roseanne just reminding you of
them so they got engaged and he was
forced to apologize what was he forced
to apologize for he liked a variety of
pictures you can see some of them on the
screen you know pictures joking about
how how David hog is a crisis actor that
you know that little kid from Portland
the one who keeps yapping about calling
Republican senators terrorists and stuff
by the way the way I know that he's not
a crisis actor is he's a terrible actor
crisis actors are good actors and he's
awful on screen you know joking about
how Tommy Lauren is really hot that the
funniest one kind of a dark humor is
it's a picture of a soldier swinging a
little kid around and then the caption
was what happens when an illegal alien
kid jumps the border and you've got to
throw him back over it's really not
funny at all is what it is that's what I
think it is not funny
that's why Garrett who jihadi had to
apologize and so he apologized his
apparent fiancee from this show is a big
Hillary supporter lefty she went to the
women's March and so she accepted his
apology sort of she said quote the
Instagram situation I don't condone that
first of all if you
or asking your wife to condone things
like asking permission do you condone
this there better be a garrote shaped
hole in that wall
get out of there buddy this is not a
good situation you were the first first
tip-off was that she went to the women's
March for as the pink hats till she goes
on I know he stands by his apology and
he feels so bad for everyone that he did
offend and you know he didn't mean it I
but I just want to move forward and
learn and grow and continue to educate
ourselves okay right this seems that
this seems fine right but the left can't
let it go they can't let it go if you
even intimate that you are sort of
moderately amused by any sort of
conservative humor they have got to kill
you they're so upset right now it's
always and this ramps up by the way this
crisis this urgency we have to shut down
Alex Jones we have to shut down this guy
in The Bachelorette
we've got to do it ramps up the better
things are going for the country that's
how it works
if things weren't going great for the
country they could just run on that they
can't run that so if they have to have
gin this up they have to run on Alex
Jones in The Bachelorette
that is what that's that's how you know
that the country is going well that's
how you know the administration is doing
something right it's all about freedom
