I'll tell you a story that's a really
real double standard this one really
gets me the other day Trump was teasing
Diane Feinstein because there's a story
that her driver some guy was working for
her was a Chinese spy okay
and he's he said something like I like
Dianne Feinstein here is I have I have
to tell you but I don't like the fact
that she had a Chinese spy driving her
and she didn't know it
okay so Feinstein's sends out two tweets
basically explaining herself and this is
what she says the FBI told me five years
ago it had concerns that China was
seeking to recruit an administrative
member of my California staff despite no
access to sensitive information I took
those currents concerns seriously learn
the facts and made sure the employee
left my office immediately
you want to talk about a double standard
they found a spy a Chinese spy in her
office they told her about it they
dropped her and you know inside of the
mouth they pulled her aside let's have a
with the British called a word in your
ear Diane
guess what you've got a spy in your
staff she fires him years later they
think that they have some concerns about
some of the people working for Donald
Trump and whether they're in touch with
Russia so they pulled Donald Trump aside
and put a word in his ear do they
whisper in Israel you know what you know
how to get rid of some of these got no
they started an investigation of a man
that is going on this day you want to
talk about a double standard you know
that is the double standard
