there's an article that's just
astonishingly great in its stupidity
from mariya from Marie Claire as that
has pronounced okay good and it's it's
all about how skinny eyebrows are
apparently problematic now everything is
problematic it's an article by Christina
Chavez says I'm latina I find Rihanna's
skinny brows problematic Jess you're
latina are skinny eyebrows problematic
okay
just as laughing and can yes no they are
not problematic because only stupid
people sit around thinking about whether
eyebrows are problematic first of all if
someone should know about problematic
eyebrows let's just say right here okay
check check these babies yeah I got
these ones right off the rack but here's
what the article says it says I got my
eyebrows threaded for the first time
when I was 12 years old as I walked out
of the salon and miring my new skinny
brows my mother stared at me they gave
you chola brows she gaff horrified
before immediately making me swear to
never thread them that thin again
because at the time and the
predominantly Mexican and Mexican
American city of Los Angeles pencil thin
brows weren't seen as a fashion
statement they were seen as a gang
affiliation marking you as a chola a
female gang member suddenly I was the
sixth grader with the hugely polarizing
gang sign on her face a sign I had been
raised to fiercely avoid and have
avoided ever since
I'm so confused so you're the racist
right like this seems like a trickle
basically saying the person writing it's
the races because she's the one who said
her mom is the one saying like if you
get her eyebrows threaded in a
particular way that it's because you're
I wouldn't even know how to I don't know
Spanish so I assume that's some sort of
slur right Chola it just helped me out
here a female gang banger okay fine so
when I saw Rihanna on the cover of
British Vogue this week with the son of
ultra skinny brows my immediate reaction
was wait WTF why is Rihanna wearing
chola brows considering it was highly
unlikely that Rihanna had suddenly
joined a gang and seeing as the
Caribbean singer was not exactly raised
on the streets of East LA my Mexican
American heart was deeply confused and
deeply annoyed oh my god
get a life hey go like go out look at
this hunt shine make some friends get a
career or sit around and worry about
Rihanna's eyebrows I think our society
is too rich okay I'm just gonna put it
out there maybe I'm if being a
Democratic Socialist means I think that
society is too rich and we are in the
late stage of capitalism and perhaps I
am a democratic so
because if you have the money to sit
around worrying about Rihanna's eyebrows
on your date like in the middle of a
weekday if you don't actually have a job
requiring you to do more than worry
about how many hairs the the hair count
on Rihanna I'm just gonna suggest that
you need that you need to find something
better to do with your life
