headlines are blazing all across the
mainstream media at the amazingly
amazing scandal that is broken at the
White House President Donald Trump on
Sunday sent out a tweet in which he
finally admitted that a Trump Tower
meeting between Don jr. and some Russian
woman that Trump originally said was
intended to gather opposition research
against Hillary Clinton was in fact
intended to gather opposition research
against Hillary Clinton that's right
this wildly insane change of story came
during a tweet storm or a tweet tornado
or even possibly a tweet forest fire or
other natural disaster and sent headline
writers rushing to their headline
writing machinery to write headlines
proclaiming that Trump had at last
frankly acknowledged that what he's been
saying about the meeting for over a year
is still what he's saying the New York
Times a former newspaper ran a story
headline quote President Trump admits
Trump Tower meeting was meant to get
dirt on Clinton unquote in which the
paper revealed that Trump's admission
was exactly what he has been saying
since the meeting first became public
last July ABC news broke the big story
like this the other major headline
involving the president tonight the
meeting at Trump Tower with Russians the
president now tweeting that the meeting
was about getting dirt on Hillary
Clinton and then in the very same report
played Trump's statement from a year ago
it's called opposition research or even
research into your opponent so that's a
shocking change from one version of the
story to the same version of the story
a year later CNN issued analysis
headline quote why this weekend's Trump
Tower tweet matters because if CNN
didn't tell us why it mattered it would
almost seem that it was a complete
non-event that didn't matter at all but
thank heavens CNN was there to disabuse
us of that silly notion and I read their
article and I can tell you that CNN says
this tweet matters a lot I can't tell
you why it matters because that wasn't
in the article but I'm sure CNN knows
and is just keeping it secret until they
can spring it on us later as a surprise
whatever happens it seems clear that
this latest scandal is the beginning of
the end of a presidency that has been
ending since the beginning but is now
really beginning to end
because we've ended the beginning and
our beginning the end of the beginning
or maybe this is just more media crap
that's also possible Andrew Clavin and
this is the I almost made it so good at
least I'm having a good time I some but
just amused man those guys are crazy you
know what happened was Don junior came
out with that story at the beginning and
he said the meeting was mostly about
adoption because the woman was trying to
get kind of sway them on the Magnitsky
Act which Putin hates so much of allows
Trump to allows the President to
basically freeze some assets of Russian
oligarchs and the next day Don jr. said
well they asked me to the meeting saying
was Oppo research but then all they
talked about was the Magnitsky Act so
the oh my god I've got tremendous change
I'm sorry it's a year ago a year ago and
Trump immediately said it was Oppo
research and the whole thing was just
nonsense anyway uh tomorrow is the
mailbag day you know Lyndsey is I saw
Lindsay she was here with her beautiful
beautiful baby that baby loved me I
don't know what the obviously obviously
carrying on the tradition of not having
very good taste in men but but a
beautiful baby maybe we can have her
here for the mailbag tomorrow so she
could actually say woohoo on our on our
show if you want to get a question in
the mailbag you got to do it today you
know while you while you can you have to
be a subscriber go to the daily wire.com
hit the podcast button hit the Andrew
Klavan podcast get the mailbag then you
can ask anything you want ask about your
personal problems ask about religion ask
about politics anything you want and my
answers are guaranteed 100% and will
change your life sometimes for the
better other times you're on your own
we get so that's tomorrow Jimmy Walker
is coming up and this the second half of
this show he has got some crazy stories
to tell about Hollywood that was a
genuinely crazy interview and we want to
talk about ring this is this is really
important ring because you know there's
a lot of crime I know in in everybody's
neighborhood you can always get robbed
but ring has changed the way that people
do
home security you know if you well let
me show it I'll show with you here
here's a picture you know what it is
ring is a self device you put in
yourself it can take pictures it can
show you what's going on when somebody's
at the door it can show you who's there
here is a video that we have oh hey hey
leave my house or I'm calling the police
okay what you need to do I have my house
stopped now or I'm calling the police
why would you tell me that because
you're trying to push my door in leave
now that's what's in there I'm calling
the police
okay I am the police a ring video
doorbell lets you see and speak to
intruders on your smartphone from
anywhere and even share video clips to
neighbors using the ring app rings
floodlight cam and spotlight cam lets
you build a ring of security around your
entire property this is something that I
really like having in our neighborhood
stop crime before it happens and help
make your neighborhood safer with ring
and you can save up to one hundred and
fifty bucks on a ring of security kit at
ring.com slash Clavin that's ring.com
slash Clavin one hundred and fifty
dollars off when you go to ring.com
slash Clavin and I know what you're
asking you're wondering to yourself wait
a minute how do you spell flavor it's
que la vie a.m. so yesterday show we
start we started we were talking about
the press of sensitivity to Trump's
attacks on them which they have so well
earned and deserved and now they're
saying oh my gosh he's gonna get us all
killed
we're all gonna die and then at the very
end of the show I started talking about
what it just was a new story at the
moment night
come in only knowing that Facebook had
taken Alex Jones and his Infowars off
their website and that's all I knew and
I was talking about how I didn't think
they should do that I thought it was
wrong I thought it was form of
censorship even though it's not
violating the First Amendment just
because somebody has a right to do
something doesn't mean he's doing
something right and I think Facebook was
doing something wrong and I said you
should always counter bad speech with
more speech but now now I've got the
full story and the full story is all the
fit all the social media all the top
technologies that companies have erased
most of Alex Jones's posts and videos
from their services so obviously they
were acting in concert they all got
together they all said they were gonna
do this together and they took them off
the air and what I want to say about
this is that the story about the media
being attacked by Trump and this story
are the same story the reason the reason
people hate the media is this it this is
the reason now
obviously obviously I don't I have you
know I shouldn't have to say this I've
made fun of Alex Jones a million times
none of us on the right likes hearing
likes defending Alex Jones Alex Jones
really is a strange bizarre dumpster
fire of a human being I mean his show is
disgusting you know if you took the
person on CNN I like least and I I
dislike them all but I mean if you took
Don Lemon if as somebody I haven't
really don't have a lot of respect for
Don Lemon and I probably have more in
common ethical than Alex Jones and I or
Alex Jones and Don Lemon I mean that's
that's how far out Don Lemon I mean
sometimes he was just funny he had this
one video where he decided that Michelle
Obama was a man and it's always
impossible to tell how much he's he's
just trolling the audience but he had
this here's here's this video proves
Michelle is actually a man here to have
a very large penis in her pants her
shoulders are wide her face is very very
masculine she looks like a tranny and so
you ask yourself are the children a
beard for Obama and of course Michelle
Obama or Michael Obama so so that would
be
Michael Obama I mean if it weren't vile
it would be hilarious but it is it is
vile I mean Michelle Obama is a real
human being and you know when you say
stuff like that you know it's one thing
for a comedian and an act and in a nasty
act to say it but to say it as if it
were some kind of news story is
disgusting there of course when he takes
that hilariously stupid stuff and then
applies it to something serious like the
2012 murder of 20 little children at
Sandy Hook which we all remember I mean
this was you know is there a more tragic
story than this I mean it's just only
the numbers could have been can be more
tragic it's just a terrible terrible
story and he said the whole thing didn't
happen it was a hoax the their dish
suing him now some of the parents are
suing him I don't know if they're gonna
get away with that but you know that
there were actors there wasn't the kids
weren't really killed and all this megyn
kelly had him on and just humiliated him
as he deserved you said the whole thing
is a giant hoax how do you deal with the
total hoax it took me about a year with
Sandy Hook to come to grips with the
fact that the whole thing was fake I did
deep research and my gosh it just pretty
much didn't happen at that point and I
do think there's some cover up a massive
manipulation that is pretty much what I
believe but then I was also going in
devil's advocate but then we know
there's mass shootings these things
happen some of it looks like it's real
but then what do you do when they've got
the kids going in circles in and out of
the building with their hands up I've
watched the footage and it looks like a
drill so why are people I mean you know
it's it's mild it's there's no there's
no excuse for it so why are people of
conscience
including me I think Shapiro and if I
may include knowles as a person of
conscience I think I can I think we can
get him just squeeze him in over that
border you know why are we saying that
he shouldn't have been taken off social
media when it sunk look it's
uncomfortable for us nobody wants to be
associated with them nobody we all know
the left the left has no principle so we
know they're not going to understand
that we're talking about principle
principle is what we're talking about
but it has to be said that this is why
people hate the press so much because
they took him off for hate speech and
hate is always and forever defined in
one
direction toward the right which makes a
suspect and makes us know I don't
suspect it I'm sure that this is just
the first in road that is going to come
closer and closer to people of
conscience like myself like Ben that
eventually they're gonna be editing us
all they already give me hell on YouTube
they already make it hard for us to
monetize our videos on YouTube they make
it hard for Steve Crowder they make it
hard for anybody on the right that they
can get they take off our videos for the
slightest infraction of anything this is
just a way of taking a guy who we all
dislike and saying oh yeah it's just him
it's just him but it's not and we know
this we know the way they define hate
because you know baracan is still on
social media and he is no less hateful
than Alex Jones that woman Sara Jung is
just as hateful just spewing hate so she
gets a job at the New York Times and The
New York Times well she was kind of
imitating what the right is doing no she
wasn't she's full of hatred for white
men she's a racist who is full of hatred
and their hatred was on YouTube and she
just got hired off it and nobody's gonna
take her off so Alex Jones is just an
easy target on the right and the reason
this is the same story the same story as
Trump's attacks on the press is because
for years for decades the pre press and
the left but I repeat myself the left
has been defining those in opposition to
them as hateful okay so when you define
look it you know we say we want border
enforcement they say oh well the people
coming over the border are kind of brown
so you're racist you know we say we make
a joke about Obama or we say I don't
like Obama I think Obama is a corrupt
incompetent oh well Obama is brown so
you must be racist you know you say the
other day Trump pointed out that Don
Lemon is an idiot Don Lemon is not that
great guy but Don Lemon has brown skin
that's racist you know we asked
questions about gay marriage and listen
one of the things that I love about the
show and I love about this audience is
we've had debates you and I my audience
and me have had debates about gay people
the the things that people have written
to me have not been hateful they have
been intelligent they have been
respectful they've been thoughtful I
disagree with some of them some of them
we have a little common ground but none
of none of us has been is hating on
people none of us is trying to destroy
anybody we're talking about principles
and ideas the left is BAE
sickly said barack obama came out and
said i'm opposed to gay marriage because
i'm a christian and everybody said huh
that's interesting then the minute he
said no I've evolved that changed my
mind everybody who said what he had said
a year before or the day before suddenly
became hateful that is the way the left
operates the left oh it because the left
is trying to undermine the civil it the
West it is trying to undermine the West
is trying to bring down capitalism it's
trying to bring down free speech it's
trying to bring down freedom and because
we love those things and because we are
those things those things are part of
our traditions in their in our fabric
and in our blood they have got to make
it seem as if the products of those
things the products of free speech are
somehow unacceptable that has been what
the left has been trying to do since the
sixties really is to declare that
everything that they don't like is
somehow outside the Overtoun windows
outside what should be protected by
freedom of speech and by all the other
guarantees of the Constitution so so we
have these debates and they're perfectly
good you know but if we say hey you know
what
have that baby in there when you wait
that baby in your room when you take a
picture of it it looks awful like a baby
to me it's DNA now that we have DNA you
know we can see that it's a unique
creation it's not has nothing to do with
some invisible spirit entering its body
I'm looking at that DNA I say that's a
unique creation in that DNA has written
an entire life an entire life that will
unfold if you leave it alone and you say
oh we're living in The Handmaid's Tale
that's your response that's brian
Stelter 'he's response on CNN
that's a handmade tales producers
response and I've told you I know those
folks are incredibly smart and talented
but when you live among people who all
agree with you you know you become
radicalized and you become small mind
and you get cut off from the other side
of the argument
it is not hateful it is not anti-woman
to say hey you know what that kid unborn
kid is the smallest person in the room
and deserves respect so when does it
stop I mean you know they Facebook
censored a California Conservative
candidate Elizabeth thing because she is
from Cambodia right yeah she's from
Cambodia and she talked about how her
parents met under Pol Pot one of the
great
communist dictators ever a man who was
created and who was allowed to take over
Cambodia by the left and then they
blamed Nixon for it for some weird
reason the unbelievably unbelievably it
was the left the Democrats who pulled us
out of there and Pol Pot came in and
slaughtered two million people which was
a huge proportion of the population and
she begins her video her campaign video
talking about how her parents met under
this dictatorship it's an immensely
touching but he she shows pictures of it
that are shocking but let's see it in
Cambodia
under Pol Pot's Khmer Rouge being young
and single often meant a gruesome life
and likely death they approached my
father and in order to save his life he
said he was about to be married they
asked him to whom he pointed to the
prettiest girl that he saw having never
spoken to her before the soldiers
approached her and she said yes they got
married the very next day 41 years later
there's still the happiest couple I know
great things can come from great
adversity you know so they banned this
because it's shocking you know they're
not doing that if she's a Democrat they
are just not doing it it's hard to prove
but it's not hard to prove the double
standard they just where I live West
Hollywood they just decreed that they're
gonna take Donald Trump's star off the
Walk of Fame because of the way he
treats women this is Hollywood folks and
there's no I mean is there a star on the
Walk of Fame of a guy who hasn't
mistreated women no and Bill Cosby is
there and Kevin Spacey is there who was
at least an equal opportunity mistreat
her you know they're not taking those
people up it's all politics it's all
bubbles I'll tell you a story that's a
really real double standard this one
really gets me the other day Trump was
teasing Diane Feinstein because there's
a story that her driver some guy was
working for her was a Chinese spy okay
and he's he said something like I like
Dianne Feinstein here is I have I have
to tell you but I don't like the fact
that she had a Chinese spy driving her
and she didn't know it okay so
Feinstein's sends out two tweets
basically explaining herself and this is
what she says
the FBI told me five years ago it had
concerns that China was seeking to
recruit an administrative member of my
California staff despite no access to
sensitive information I took those
currents concerns seriously learn the
facts and made sure the employee left my
office immediately you want to talk
about a double standard
they found a spy a Chinese spy in her
office they told her
that they dropped her and you know side
of the mouth they pulled her aside let's
have a with the British called a word in
your ear Diane guess what you've got a
spy in your staff she fires him years
later they think that they have some
concerns about some of the people
working for Donald Trump and whether
they're in touch with Russia so they
pulled Donald Trump aside and put a word
in his ear do they whisper in Israel you
know what you know how to get rid of
some of these got no they started an
investigation of a method that is going
on this day you want to talk about a
double standard you know that is the
double standard and we're talking about
Don Lemon you know Don Lemon is so
offended because Trump said that he had
that we played that interview he had
with Lou Bron James and LeBron James
doesn't like Trump and LeBron James is a
famous athlete so he gets to talk about
the fact that he doesn't like Trump
doesn't mean he knows anything about
Trump doesn't mean he knows anything
about politics he's a great great
athlete and a celebrity so he gets a
platform that's the way that works
there's no reason for us to give any
credence to anything he says but Trump
goes after anybody who attacks him and
Trump says well LeBron James may Don
Lemon look smart and of course since
they're both black oh my god that must
be racism yeah I seriously think Trump
is one of the least racist presidents we
have we've ever had because I think if
he if he thought like that he'd be
saying no I shouldn't say that because
it's not thinking about it only the only
color he Donald Trump sees is him in his
color is me me colored if you're if
you're Trump colored he likes you if
you're anti Trump colored he doesn't
like you that's his that's his racism
here is done Don Lemon explodes here is
Don Lemon describing Trump supporters
okay so this is this is what we are
dealing with and have been dealing with
for decades from the press from
Hollywood from the Academy all of them
this is Don lemons description not of
Donald Trump but of people who support
Donald Trump we're up against tribalism
we're up against people who will lie
still and cheat lie to their own mother
lie to themselves about what's right for
this country about truth and about facts
if they will ignore any misgiving any
terrible deed any awful saying they will
just ignore it for their own political
purpose they will ignore the bigotry and
the pettiness
and the childishness about about what
Donald Trump said about me and LeBron
James and others just because they want
to gain some sort of political clout or
they want a few more dollars in tax
money at what cause so that's what Don
Lemon and CNN by the way thinks of you
thinks of you you would lie to your own
personal who does the lie to his mother
you know it wasn't me mom I didn't news
my brother yeah everybody lies to his
mother but but that's the way he thinks
of you and and here is one of the most
wonderful statements I mean I love this
stuff I maybe maybe I play it too much
but there's a certain delight to utter
interior corruption when people are so
intellectually corrupt that they don't
know that they're corrupt for some
reason it just gives me this kind of
delight it's one of the revelatory
things about human nature that just kind
of I just can't stop looking at it
lemon explains that he's not biased at
all that CNN is not biased at all their
opinions are just true let's listen to
this this is Don Lemon on how they're
not biased you know Chris we don't take
this lightly of when this president when
this man was on the campaign trail we
tried every with every bone in our being
to be objective and to report on him in
a fair equitable manner then when he
became President of the United States
the same thing it always gets me when
people say there's 90% this study shows
that 90% of the reports about this
president are negative but they don't
talk about the things that come out of
his mouth and the policies that he
proposes and what he does and says to
people how how are we as media to report
positively on something that's negative
the president called countries s whole
countries oh well that's great he should
be calling we don't do that you don't
call countries s whole countries you
don't do things like that you don't talk
about people in the way that this
president does at least if you're a
president United States you're not
supposed to so that whole thing about
the the media is biased and that 90% of
what we report about Donald Trump is
negative if that is indeed true then you
need to counterbalance that and weigh it
against what comes out of this
president's mouth and what he is doing I
love when Don Lemon talks to Chris Cuomo
it's like you know it's like do these
two lunkheads having your bookends
getting into a conversation but
essentially saying he's essentially
sitting there saying is it's not bias
we're just right but that's what all
biased people think if he just reported
the facts Trump said this he did this he
did that we wouldn't be arguing with him
but it's that that's the bias that's and
he's so blind to it he can't see it he's
so biased he can't see that it's right
there
here's what I want to say about Facebook
and I just want to make it absolutely
clear that I am NOT saying that they
should sense to the left and and sense
of the right they should stop censoring
and has nothing to do with their rights
as a private company it has to do with
what is right because when you hate
people you think they're hateful that is
what the left has been doing to the
right for 50 years they've been
describing our opinions as hateful that
and when their opinions change when they
suddenly decide a man is not a man if he
says he's a woman he's actually a woman
and if you don't call him a woman then
you're hateful then their new opinion
the opposite of their new opinion is
hateful it's always hateful we know all
the hate in their minds is on the right
and all of it and and here's what I
here's what I want to say to Facebook
and and to Twitter and to YouTube all
these giant corporations because that's
what they are when the when the left
became the party of giant corporations
censoring people I don't know but it is
has has happened that's who they are now
the left is now the party of gigantic
unbridled corporations virtually minot
monopolies that censor people that is
the left all corporations can be brought
down and I don't mean that in a violent
way I just mean in terms of business I
was in Rochester New York a couple of
months ago maybe a year ago and there
was Kodak what used to be code act
people who are not old enough do not
remember that Kodak was cameras that was
it when you talked about getting film
you said get a you know get me some
Kodak film when you when Paul Simon
wrote a song about film it was called
Kodachrome you know give me those nice
bright colors cut Kodachrome kodak made
one mistake one mistake they didn't
realize that everything was going to go
digital and they were gone like that and
rochester is the worst for it Facebook
just lost billions on on on the stock
market Facebook can be gone YouTube can
be gone I even know what I hope Alex
Jones does and I wish him nothing I
don't wish him any success but I have to
say in this case what I hope he does is
I hope he builds his own plan
form I recommended this when they
started the daily wire I said you know
we should have a backup platform so when
they start to censor us we have a go-to
place where we can say hey you can't see
it on YouTube but you can see it here
but we haven't done that yet but I think
that that's what Alex Jones should do
let him build his own channel and I hope
and I do I hope it succeeds I hope that
people who want to watch the crap that
Alex Jones spews out can see it there
because ultimately that is what the
right is gonna have to do we're gonna
have to build our own channels or own
platforms and bring these guys down if
the NFL can be brought down the biggest
company in America what was until a
little while ago one of the most
successful enterprises in America the
NFL can be brought down so can facebook
so can youtube so can Twitter if they're
going to censor American speech if
they're going to lose the plot of
American life and starts a censor speech
they don't like they have a right to do
it but it's not right to do it all right
maybe that's hate speech oh hi maybe hey
they may censor me for a speech all
right Jimmy Walker is coming right up
come on over to the Daily wire.com while
you're there subscribe it's a lousy ten
bucks per month or a hundred bucks for
the entire year and you get to be in the
mailbag hit the podcast button hit the
Andrew Klavan podcast hit the mailbag
you can ask me any question you want my
question my answers are guaranteed
correct I mean it solves all your
problems you right now right now you
have ten bucks and problems subscribe
you won't have the ten bucks you won't
have the problems mailbag is tomorrow
Jimmy warfare coming up all right Jimmy
Walker you know him as Jay Jay on the
CBS television series good time after a
good times
after the show's run ended Jimmy stayed
in the limelight with countless
appearances on all the late night shows
The Tonight Show Late Night with David
Letterman and on and on he's
guest-starred on lots of shows he is
also a New York Times bestselling author
he has two Grammy nominated comedy
albums and he currently has a stand-up
special with Michael Winslow called
we're still here Michael Winslow is the
guy who makes all those funny sounds and
really amazing actually and this is out
today we are still here with Jimmy
Walker and Michael Winslow is out today
on Amazon Comcast Direct TV iTunes and
more here is Jimmy Walker
Jimmy Walker thanks so much for coming
on I appreciate it no I appreciate
thank you so much let's start by talking
about your new special you got a new
special coming on what with with Michael
Winslow isn't the they sound guys
Michael Winslow from police academy who
the man of a thousand voices noises
whatever you want to call it thousands
now that moniker and so now streaming
services have given like this whole new
life to stand up
what do you seeing stuff that you like
stuff that you don't like well you know
comedies chains of course in the last
fifty years a lot and you know there's a
lot of good people I'm not one of these
guys who says Oh everybody stinks and it
was better in our day I think you know
the main difference there's a couple of
differences even though there's a lot of
good people out there language is a big
situation now that we didn't have when I
started I think the fact that the
country is divided that makes comedy
divided and comedy is probably the
leader of that we have not Brooks you
always said funny it's funny well funny
isn't funny anymore
because there's there's a different kind
of comedy we have gay comedy Hispanic
comedy the lesbian comedy Eskimo comedy
that's just this comedy for everybody in
niches when I started if you saw Flip
Wilson I saw Flip Wilson if I saw Alan
King you saw Alan King now this comics
that are just for one particular segment
of the public as you can see on
late-night there's no positive Trump
comedy out here so that is fully for the
anti-trump eyes I guess and that's the
way comedies going some comedy is part
of our great American divide right now
wow that's that's really interesting now
you I know that you are much more
conservative than most of the people in
Hollywood is your is your act
conservative as well I think my act
hopefully is funny that's the key key at
all you know we
we try to be as funny as we can be and
that's that's the deal I'm not sure even
though there's a lot of talent a lot of
good Carly a lot of good funny people
out here now I'm not sure that that's
the point anymore is to be funny I think
the point is to make points about
whatever your view may be whether it's
about women what it's about politics
whatever it may be about so that's the
point I think that that I can gather
that a lot of people are doing yeah I
know it seems that way to me too I mean
I think it's it is remarkable how
quickly I mean it's remarkable to me
that you can't watch a late-night comedy
if you're a trump supporter you can't
watch late-night comedy without being
insulted there's not one show that won't
insult you that's kind of kind of wild I
think that's the way they're going with
that it's the anti-trump thing this is
the strongest anti thing I've seen since
the Vietnam War yeah me too
there's not a positive word to be said
no matter what the facts are one way or
the other I mean whether you're Trump
person or not he's done some good stuff
he's done some bad stuff but if you
listen to the late-night you would think
that the guy is just destroying
everything and your civility in the
country is minut I mean the fact that
Sarah Huckabee Sanders can't go to a
restaurant with her family and the fact
that someone like a Maxine Waters goes
you should attack these people at every
turn the corner I I've never seen the
uncivil behavior like we have it yeah
well now you you made your bones in the
in the 70s really with the with good
times a Norman Lear show about a black
family how how do you feel the
representation of blacks on screen has
changed over that time when you look at
say situation comedy well I think that
we were the first and last black poor
black family I want to put that poor
family I was on TV people complain in
terms of in their black community so
much that
you will never ever ever never ever see
a poor black family on television again
and most shows again true comedy will be
pointed one way or other like the name
of our show was good times which is fun
and now the biggest minority show is
blackish which is aimed basically at a
certain crowd and we were I think we had
universal situations I think their thing
is and I'm not saying it's bad I'm happy
that Anthony Hamilton and all those guys
will work walk people to work living and
that's that's really important but I
don't think we're at the point now that
we are even aimed at trying to be all
inclusive like if you watch BTW i did a
show called Hollywood Squares in the old
days now Beatty is doing hip hop square
so I think that we've getting we've
gotten to the point now that whatever
your group is it's pointed toward that
group and it continued you would imagine
as much as I travel and with cable and
everything that the country we're very
United because everybody would see you
know even see all sides of the whole
deal it's not that way it's I think
since I've been traveling since 16 let's
say 70 the country is more divided more
racially divided won't economically
invite divide it more democratically and
Republican divided and I think that's
that's what's happening so I think you
know in my humble opinion and very
humble it is that we're coming to a very
bad point in this country and there is
literally no way to stop the people
there what's the answer I don't think
there's an answer I think we're going
down a really severe rabbit hole and I
think that the the Anarchy on both sides
it's not just on one side it's on
liberal and the conservative side the
anarchy in relationships in this country
is severe and we could be coming to the
and kind of a Sodom and Gomorrah
situation wow that's a that's a pretty
scary thought I mean I you know I I work
out and I've worked in Hollywood as a
screenwriter and because I'm a
conservative I know a lot of the
conservative people out here and
conservative black people who work in
Hollywood have told me stories of their
mistreatment when their political
opinions become known that are horrific
I mean their mistreatment by white
people for coming out as conservative
have you experienced that I don't know I
you know people tell me that and I go
gee I never really even thought about it
like that
but it could be possible I never really
even thought about it until until some
friends of mine brought it up you know
you look at people like Larry elder and
he is
I guess among the point people of it and
he takes a bad hit you know all those
those other guys Shelby steals all those
other people like that I mean I guess
they take hit and then you looked at
Charles Payne who's on Fox and the other
guy from The Wall Street Journal
O'Reilly Clinton yeah Jason Rowley they
claim they've taken hit sometimes I may
be in the glaucoma mood and not really
see it but maybe it is happening yeah
yeah I you know I just want to go back
for a second yeah I was curious when you
said there's there's no more poor black
families on TV why do you think that is
I mean it seems to me there are fewer
poor white families soon that comes to
the protest the black people protested
it they didn't want to see it so
therefore they took it off and after our
show was on there wasn't a there wasn't
a black family until The Cosby Show and
Cosby wanted it to be about The
Honeymooners bus driver and the
network's have taken someone's heat that
they said now we can't we can't do it
that's just too bad
Wow I didn't know that that's so that's
really interest you know yeah well I'll
take a quick story and you know very
interesting story when we were on people
protest
and complain so much that we finally got
off whatever but they didn't do another
black joke but they were very nervous
but so therefore when Cosby got on with
the honeymooners they said no we can't
do that now Cosby was on and Fox was
just starting at that time Chris
Albrecht and those guys and so Chris
Albrecht nose guy said boy this Cosby
Show so saccharine so sweet
can we do a counter piece in the show so
one of the writers is on our show
Michael Moy what give you you know you
want to go through his story because
he's fabulous
great writer but anyway he had a deal
with Fox but he said can you write a
counter piece for The Cosby Show so he
did and they loved they said it's
fantastic but we can't do it
because black people would go insane so
we can't for it so the next regime came
and as you know every two three years as
a new regime they read it because it was
in their files and they were paying
Michael to work at Fox Fox television
entertainment branch they read it they
loved it they said boy we just can't
it's too much the third regime came in
and go man this is the best thing we've
ever we ever saw fantastic he said what
we can't do the black people will
complain somebody said well what let's
do it
as white people well I did they did it
Mary what children you're kidding me
that's an amazing story I mean I wish I
could be shocked but I'm not because
it's Hollywood but like that that is an
amazing amazing story you know it's
funny
recently this film black panther came
out it was a big success and everybody
was reacting as if no one had ever seen
anything like this before and it seemed
to me you know I used to go to the
Wesley Snipes Blade trilogy and and it
seems to be going back to shaft and it
seems like you didn't even you know it
back then it seems like we don't even
notice it you know it's just Wesley
Snipes he was an action star and now
everything is so branded according to
its race it almost seems like we've
taken a step backwards and is that just
me
yeah it will you look at the shows Black
Panther blackish they have another one
out now the black the Black Panther
movies it's just gone berserk it's gone
berserk and I just think like I said the
races are so divided everybody said like
you'll never see basically a black bad
guy you know got Denzel Washington with
his pen but he's technically not a bad
guy right in this thing the way it is
now is every every black person has to
be a good person and we all know that so
there's a lot of good black people
there's no doubt about that
but there's some bad black people too
and you can play gangsters and do that
we that's the difference now that you
were talking about the blaxploitation
movies against the Black Panther movie
the blackboard agent movies had bad
black people on it and it gave people
roles they did things look at any Clint
Eastwood film or whatever you always see
crazy black people I mean to show you
how things have changed if you watched
the first Dirty Harry movie which most
people did who are of our bracket age
whatever there's a line in there that
that that you could never ever do now
that was one of the highlights of the
movie and that's when he has to shoot
out when he's coming out of the hot dog
stand and and he starts shooting people
and he wounds one guy and that's when he
does his gun line about this is a 357
magnum the biggest thing so the guy puts
down his gun and has Dirty Harry's walk
away the guy says I got to know and if
you did that line now a day there would
be such an uproar I got to know yeah
never ever could you do that right now
Wow now yeah now you know I watched some
of the stuff going on like I know my
agent gets calls for writers of a
specific race because the idea is you
can't write out of your race and I know
for instance when Will Smith didn't get
nominated for concussion and his wife
made a fuss
it suddenly there was all this talk
about the Oscars being too white which
actually statistically true let me tell
you let me tell you something my friend
every year from now on to the end of our
just you will see black people nominated
right that will never ever have I don't
care what is it they will get nominated
for if it's okay you'll get Mahna Mahna
they don't want to hear it so they will
always be black people nominated for
something so you'll never see that again
so that was a slip up on that part but
they don't want to hear but doesn't that
to value the the award I mean doesn't
that they won't allow that to happen
yeah
they'll keep saying how great it is yeah
and if you're a black woman disabled
look out you know it's nuts it's nuts
well I'm really looking forward to your
special where can people see it they can
see it on DirecTV they guess you don't
Comcast to me they can see it on Amazon
TV it is on all streaming devices you
can pick it up as call we're still here
which is based on age also because
Michael and I a little older so we had a
very difficult time 20 years some exact
to get our special and we're here yeah
great well I'm looking forward to it
Jimmy Walker thanks very much for coming
on I appreciate it thank you my friend
that's an incredible story that one
about married with children I mean that
says and I said and it's kind of classic
it's classic of how this stuff works
that once you start thinking in terms of
race is always it's always the the
minority who gets screwed in the end it
always comes back because what why not
if that's what you're thinking about the
only way the only way to lift up
minorities is to remove race from the
equation sexual Follies
so I spotted this from twitch Ickx on
the right who are a great tweeters
chicks on the Isle of what chicks on the
right wheat it's from a woman on YouTube
called slum flower no chance of her
getting banned on YouTube but this is a
truly important movement of our time
saggy boob pride I think that all of us
can get behind or may I guess we'd have
to get in front of saggy boobs right let
us play slum flowers demands for respect
there is definitely a lack of
representation of different looking
boobs we only ever see perky boobs the
woman in the picture normally she's
wearing a bra I suppose like this and he
was just sitting up I'm gonna wear the
bra I'd be like still saggy I don't know
the woman in the picture when a
particular message is being pushed
repeatedly that becomes your reality and
most people aren't aware of how the
reality has been constructed you often
feel like something is wrong anything I
used to hide my boobs I used to hide my
big hair I started the psychic boobs
mass movement occurs at 19 years old I
decided to stop wearing a bra and it was
received with a lot of cynicism oh it
moves a bit too sadly fee to not wear a
bra in order to normalize something you
have to repeat it
the whole purpose of this movement is to
encourage you that your body matters
exactly how it looks there are
absolutely unrealistic expectations set
on breasts the only person in the world
who deserves to have an opinion on
breasts is a newborn baby and funny
enough I have never actually met a
newborn baby if he's had a problem with
use the actual boom issue is being made
up and it's all fake news so there's
somebody who calls himself 4th wave
madness or herself well and this is how
few describes us when you completely run
out of things to complain about I just
look for something you don't like about
your physique then blame men for not
liking it then make a movement to fight
back against those mean mean men then
over accentuate that body part and shove
it in everyone's face until they love
you and applaud you hashtag feminists
but it is a sad sad state of affairs but
listen I'm for all boobs I'm for all
boobs even the boobs who were reporting
on CNN
alright the mailbag tomorrow I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show we
will see you then
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Clavin
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
