so Alex Jones and Infowars have been
banned from Facebook YouTube iTunes also
Spotify I think some other platforms as
well I've gotten get gotten in on the
action and this all happened at once
this was this was within 12 hours the
three big gatekeepers of the internet
Facebook Google Apple all decided to
shut down Alex Jones and there's just no
way that that's a coincidence there's no
way that they all got up independently
on Monday morning and said you know what
I'm gonna I think we're gonna ban Alex
Jones today yeah that's what we're gonna
do know that this very this very much
seems to be a conspiracy between the
three big tech giants to censor Alex
Jones and listen it doesn't matter how
you personally feel about Alex Jones
that should not have any bearing on the
way you look at this story
because hey demur loved them there's a
precedent being set here that should
concern everybody especially
conservatives and you might say Alex
Jones isn't a conservative he's a
conspiracy if there is yada yada doesn't
matter that discussion doesn't matter
because you know what in the minds of
Facebook Apple Google we're all the same
you may draw a distinction between
conservatives and Alex Jones they don't
draw that distinction in their minds
we're all in the same boat and there's
you know I don't think that at this
point we can say that this is a First
Amendment issue at least not yet
these are private companies and I have
always affirmed that the rights of
private companies to do business the way
they want to do business with whoever
they want that that's that's up to them
freedom of association and I don't buy
the argument that Facebook is a monopoly
and so therefore this is a First
Amendment issue Facebook is not a
monopoly there are a million other
social media platforms out there and we
could just as easily
this isn't like this isn't like it's
1857 and somebody's got a monopoly on
the railroads okay and so if you want to
use a railroads you've got no option
that's not the case here there are a
million social media platforms that we
could just as easily use any of them we
choose to go to Facebook we could choose
to go somewhere else and it would
require no effort it's just a matter of
clicking on a different app so it's like
instead of doing this we do that that's
that's the amount of effort required to
use a different social media platform
and if we decide that that is too much
like to bring our finger down here to
the different app on our phone if that's
just too much that's too much effort
well that's that's kind of on us so it's
not a monopoly Facebook has two billion
users I think because they all choose to
use Facebook instead of something else
and so then Facebook can do what they
want with their own platform that we
have all chosen to use now that said
there is
this could easily develop into a very
serious First Amendment issue and so
let's look at Senator Chris Murphy from
Connecticut sent out a tweet yesterday
in relation to this story and this is
what he said he said info were Infowars
is the tip of a giant iceberg of hate
and lies that uses sites like Facebook
and YouTube to tear our nation apart
these companies must do more than take
down one website the survival of our
democracy depends on it so if you happen
to be a constituent of Senator Chris
Murphy you may want to keep in mind come
election time that he thinks the
survival of our democracy depends on the
restriction of free speech maybe you
agree with it maybe you're anti-american
as well but if you're not you may want
to keep that in mind I don't see how any
decent American can vote for a senator
who would say something like that
because that now this is First Amendment
what he's saying this is a government
official saying companies must do more
to restrict speech that I don't
personally like
and if he decided to officially get
involved if the Democrats officially got
involved said you got to shut down this
speech which we could very much which we
would certainly be heading in that
direction well then it is a straight-up
war on the First Amendment but either
way even if what's happening now is
legal that doesn't mean it's defensible
doesn't mean that its rights doesn't
mean that it isn't dangerous it is
possible to do something legal yet bad
that happens all the time in this
country and I think this is one of those
times now the justification for this the
basis that was provided is is is
something we should be really concerned
with because all of these companies have
claimed in unison that this is part of a
crackdown on hate speech okay
hate speech now let's think about hate
speech for a minute because when the
when the real war on the First Amendment
begins it will begin on this basis of we
have to go after hate speech and I think
there are gonna be a lot of frankly very
stupid Americans who will say well I
mean that's okay as long if it's hateful
speech I mean how can i how could I have
any problem with that I don't if it's we
of course we got to get rid of hate
speech we have to get rid of all the
hate speech and leave only good speech I
mean you know that's what the First
Amendment meant to protect is good
speech not hate speech well hate speech
is a nonsensical ambiguous phrase by
design it's ambiguous because the people
who use it want to be able to apply it
to whatever right so it's a lot like a
hate crime in that case in fact let's
step to the side for a minute because I
think it helps us to understand hate
speech let's let's start but let's let's
think about hate crime okay first of all
the whole problem with a hate crime with
with the category of hate crime is that
any crime could be motivated by hate it
doesn't make any sense to say well we
have this special category of crime
of that's motivated by hate that any
almost any crime that's ever been
committed in the history of mankind
could have had some hatred involved in
it right or maybe not and you can't
really know whether there was hatred
behind the crime or not because hatred
isn't um it's an emotion it's a passion
it's a feeling how can you prove what
emotions went into a crime and more
importantly why does it matter what
difference does it make if I were look
if I were to key your car or slash your
tires because I hate you or because I
hate the demographic that you belong to
and then I work and then I'm on I'm on a
crime spree here so then I go to your
neighbor's house and I kill him because
I want to steal his TV I'm sure that you
would you would agree that you got the
better end of the bargain even though
you were the victim of the hate crime my
crime against you was motivated by hates
my crime against your neighbor was
motivated by greed but in that case the
greed crime is worse
so there are motivations that can lead
us to do worse things if anything even
take two crimes that are the same let's
let's take two murders okay let's say I
kill you because I hate you and then
let's say I kill your neighbor because I
want to steal his TV well I would say
even then the crime against you is bad
and I should go to jail for it obviously
but it's actually slightly less bad it's
it's it's it's evil it's not even it's
not quite as evil as my crime against
your neighbor I would say because you I
was angry I hate you I kill you
terrible I should go to jail forever but
your neighbor I just was totally
indifferent to his life and I just I
wanted his TV and his life meant nothing
to me total indifference
in that case you know when you kill
somebody because of total indifference
and so you're willing to kill them over
their shoes or the TV I think that makes
you a bigger threat to society that
makes you a more dangerous person and
the possibility of reforming a person
like that is probably less likely than
reforming someone who commits a quote
hate crime so treating hate crime as the
worst possible thing is is just doesn't
make sense I think a similar thing is
the case with hate speech hate speech is
not an objective category of speech
hatred is a motivation it is a it's a
feeling it's a passion that can motivate
speech but you can't prove it Kait
speech when you say hate speech that is
an accusation you're accusing somebody
it's an assertion an accusation it is
not in itself a proof when you call
something hate speech you are inferring
based on your own subjective analysis
that hatred was the motivation behind
the speech when you say let's ban hate
speech
what you mean is let's ban speech that
in my opinion nobody could possibly
express unless they're hateful but
that's obviously arbitrary and
subjective and impossible to prove and
when you try to enforce something like
that it is going to be enforced on a
partisan uneven basis there's no way
around it and we know that the left has
already already determined that nobody
could ever for instance critique
transgenderism or gay marriage or
abortion or feminism or socialism or
affirmative action etc etc etc unless
they're hateful so just like that all
non liberal speech is hate speech but
the problem is when you call something
hate speech especially if you're using
that for
to describe a political opinion that
somebody expressed well all you're
really revealing is that you don't
understand you you can't sympathize with
that point of view I think most of the
time when someone says that's hate
speech what they're really saying is I
can't sympathize with that because they
don't understand a using the gay
marriage example leftist belief that any
opposition to gay marriage is hateful
it's all hate speech because they just
can't wrap their head around
they cannot sympathize with the opinion
that gay marriage is not a legitimate
form of marriage they can't sympathize
with that opinion however those of us
who hold that opinion we know that it's
got nothing to do with hate we don't
have any hate in our hearts about it
this is just a matter of of observing
and defining what marriage inherently is
you can disagree you could say that that
that opinion is wrong but you don't get
to sit there and declare that's hateful
there is hate in your heart you're not
the one who gets to decide that I can
tell you what's going on inside my heart
and you have no choice but to believe me
because I am the only authority on earth
when it comes to what's happening inside
my heart and what motivations are behind
the things that I say and do I am the
only authority on this planet and so you
have to listen to me and you have to
believe me it's the only way this works
so just because you can't sympathize
with a point of view does not make it
hateful it may be wrong it may be many
things but that not necessarily hateful
I mean I don't understand let's take a
point of an opinion or a point of view
that I can't sympathize with I cannot
sympathize with the opinion that Marvel
movies are good I don't understand why
people love Marvel movies so much I
think that they're stupid and pointless
and I just wish they would stop already
I don't get it and it feels to me like
there's some kind of conspiracy to annoy
me and that's why they keep coming out
with these stupid movies it feels hey
honestly it feels hateful it feels like
hate when somebody says oh I can't wait
for the New Avengers movie to me it
feels like hate speech it's hate because
I it's it's just it makes me annoyed and
and angry when I hear that feels like
hate speech but I can't prove that I
can't prove that your opinion that you
like that the Marvel movies are good I
can't prove that that opinion is based
on a hatred for me it's possible that it
is and it's possible that that's just
your opinion and you're expressing it I
don't know but this is how hate speech
works when someone calls something hate
speech it is simply a statement about
how they the listener feel about this
opinion so it reminds me of it reminds
me of of that scene in the office when
somebody defecates on Michaels carpet
and and he called he says it's hate
speech and then Stanley says it's not
hate speech and Michael goes well I
hated it and that's that's essentially
how this works
of course there there are exceptions
right I mean there are things that
people say that are clear clearly
hateful like if I say I hate you well
then I think it's safe to assume that
there's hatred behind what I just said
or any time you say something abusive
insulting to another person there's very
likely to be hatred behind it but the
problem first of all is that that
describes like 85% of the speech on on
the internet and so if facebook was
really going to shut down hate speech
they would have to shut down almost
every profile on the on their site but
often that exactly the kind of speech
that is not called hate speech or if it
is called hate speech it's called hate
speech very selectively pii people
insult me
on the internet literally hundreds of
times a day if I were to actually read
all my comments which I don't and read
all my emails and messages which I don't
but if I were I would I would be
insulted hundreds of times a day you if
you don't believe me just go look at the
comments under anything I ever write or
do or any any content of mine that I
post there's gonna be plenty of comments
that are just ripping and ripping me to
shreds right and to me that that seems
hateful right is but but if I were to
call that hate speech and complain to
Facebook or Google about it or whatever
I I'm being victimized by hate speech if
I were to do that I would be told that
now that's not really hate speech really
this guy just told me to kill myself
that's not a hate speech you're not
gonna ban him how is that not if that's
not hate speech but then I don't know
what hate speech me it means and that's
the point that often times the most
clearly hateful things are not
considered hate speech because hate
speech is just a broad ambiguous term
that it's it's just a vessel for
controlling speech that's all it is and
you know what even in cases where hate
is clearly the motivation behind the
speech even in cases where you have
clear-cut cut-and-dry hate speech okay
is that really the worst kind of speech
even in that case is it is hate speech
really the worst kind of speech that you
can find on the internet or anywhere in
life I don't think it is I mean what
about dishonest speech what about
manipulative speech what about
propaganda what about what about the
speech of somebody in the outraged mob
who isn't really hateful isn't really
angry but it's just kind of indifferent
and emotionally dead and is just saying
what they're saying in order to in order
to in order
whip up hysteria for fun well yeah what
about emotionally dead speech let's call
what about that I would say that all
those forms of speech are are more
dangerous than hate speech much of the
time so just as a hate crime is not
necessarily the worst kind of crime and
it's not the worst motivation for a
crime although it's bad it's not the
worst I think the same thing is the case
with hate speech and I would say in
general you know I think we have in our
culture a very off-balance focus on
hatred we act like hatred is the biggest
problem in our culture it's the worst
thing is hatred but I don't think that's
the case hatred is bad but I don't even
think that everyone's always so worried
about hatred is the you know the disease
that's infecting our culture I don't
think that's the case I think the worst
thing in our culture is and I made this
point before the worst thing is not
hatred the worst thing is is
indifference is just this kind of moral
indifference and that explains a lot of
what you see online our people you know
they don't really hate each other they
just don't recognize the humanity of
other people and they don't care and
they're kind of morally dead to the
world that's the worst thing hatred
isn't even half as bad as that and
that's the thing that is going to propel
people to do the worst sorts of things
as I've said in the past most of these
school shooters mass killers serial
killers and so on most of them they're
not hateful they they don't they don't
feel anything inside they have nothing
going on inside they're totally empty
and that's why they're doing what
they're doing
it's just they're trying to feel
something they're just doing it for
entertainment because they have no
because they just don't recognize
humanity anymore
so those are some things to keep in mind
about about the about the dreaded hate
speech and it's important to keep this
in mind because when the crackdown on
the First Amendment really begins and
maybe we're seeing it and it's just a
tional phase right now but when it
really gets kicks in a full gear it's
gonna be under the guise of cracking
down on hate speech thanks for watching
everybody
god speed
you
