the main takeaway from Netroots is the
left doesn't like you as you're all
vicious bigots and the left needs to
control every aspect of your lives your
healthcare your they're gonna take away
your ability to decide who comes in and
out of the country they're gonna take
away your money so that they can pay for
all of the crazy social programs they
really don't like you
Angela rice enn commentator typify this
did this very well on Fredo Cuomo's show
the other day well well he just sat
there he just just take a listen to this
essentially not have any very clear you
have any illegal immigration in your
family child like I don't know what
you're talking about you've never once
asked me if I'm for open borders you've
never once asked me but that's I really
don't want it clearly fancy not clearly
in you to repeat clearly you don't want
it in the course or clear you don't want
to enforce the the border laws because
that's what I said I don't want to come
on man you guys know that this policy is
ass backwards plain and simple you guys
know this policy is inhumane plain and
simple
like if you just take yourselves out of
it for just a moment take off the lenses
of bigotry for just a moment and the
matter so now now we're good now we're
getting into the name-calling yes we are
I'm calling this over there that you
know with grave in amidst all of this to
you probably if you were listening you
wouldn't be able to tell Chris Cuomo is
there the Fredo of the Cuomo family is
sitting there just just like this just
just strut wide-eyed just sitting there
silent staring like a Mook just just
doing nothing and he gets paid I might
have gotten paid a little bit to not
write a book but this guy gets paid a
lot more money to not host a TV show
they're letting her accuse his other
guests of being a bigot of being a
racist out of nowhere they made no they
make she made no argument whatsoever
right she didn't demonstrate anything
through logic she just said you're a
bigot you're prejudiced why am i way you
have bad intentions I hate your guts and
you're terrible for the country
