you know the outraged mob in modern
America is very different from the
classic pitchfork mob that maybe you
would have seen in like the 18th century
or something like that where the
villagers would actually grab pitchforks
and they work because they were upset by
something or other it's a similar kind
of thing happens now but here's the
difference
the modern outraged mob when when you
look at them grabbing the pitchforks and
you look at the expression on their face
they're all super happy they're so happy
to be outraged so they're grabbing the
pitchforks and they're gone we're so
outraged oh my gosh we're outraged hey
everybody let's be outraged we have a
reason to be outraged we found a reason
another one yes we're outraged so that's
what they're doing they are they're so
happy to be outraged they're not
actually outraged at all they're just
there's there so it's um it's almost
kind of sweet really I I wish that I
could ever be as happy about something
as the outraged mob is about about their
their reasons to be outraged outraged
makes them so happy
