as socialists empty heads insists that
the economy isn't working a record high
number of Americans are working because
the economy is absolutely soaring we
will analyze the greatest jobs producer
God ever created and the threats that it
faces then I know you'll be shocked to
hear this Jim Acosta is complaining some
more Owen Benjamin stops by that huge
pianist friend of ours and Pope Francis
changes church teaching on capital
punishment we will analyze the many
wonderful benefits of killing criminals
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Noel's show
that's a lot to get to in one day we're
gonna have to do it that we're gonna
have to cover everything from how
wonderful capitalism is to questioning
certain changes that are coming out of
the Roman Curia and out of the Vatican
certain things that seem a little
strange you know there's a difference by
the way when people a difference between
Protestants or more evangelical
Christians and Catholics is when brought
more Protestant leaning people a
question their pastors or questioned
their their denominations teachings they
can be pretty vocal about it they can be
pretty straight on and when Catholics do
it we say well is it perhaps the case
that the Holy Father is mistaken is it
is it I wonder if I am misunderstanding
the Holy Father we will have to see if
we're misunderstanding the Holy Father
on the death penalty before all that you
know another promise has been kept
President Trump he promised us do you
remember this he's made a lot of
promises everyone laughed at him he said
he's ridiculous that'd be crazy
everything was gonna go terribly if he
were elected he promised us that if he
were elected he would be the greatest
jobs president that God ever created I
remember when he said it well that's a
really bold statement turns out that has
absolutely been the case
president Trump take it away I'll be the
greatest jobs president that God ever
created so there's a great spirit going
on right now a spirit that many people
have told me they've never seen before
ever we're gonna create jobs I said that
I will be the greatest jobs producer
that God ever created and I mean that I
really I'm gonna work very hard on that
all right we're a year and a half in
let's see what is the record show the
record shows that in the month of July
the most recent month that we have
numbers for a record high number 155
million nine hundred sixty-five thousand
people were employed in the United
States that is an all-time record high
but by the way that's the 11th record
breaker since President Trump took
office this is true by the way the the
way that Democrats and socialists try to
spin this is they say well the economy
is working really well for some people
but it's not working well for all people
and this is when they try to demagogue
on issues of class division or race
division or sexual division or whatever
but as even when you look at all of
their divisive categories the numbers
still hold up we have record low black
unemployment we now have a record low
Hispanic unemployment in the United
States this is the second record because
he's at record low Hispanic unemployment
two months in a row last month the
economy added 157 thousand new jobs and
unemployment has fallen below three
point nine percent to put that into
perspective economists consider an
unemployment rate of four to six point
four percent to be full employment
because if you're in a system that has
freedom you're gonna have some
unemployment people are gonna be
changing jobs you might you know a
company might fire somebody who's not
doing a good job and then they'll find a
job that they're better at so four to
six point four percent is considered
full employment and we now have we are
now looking at an unemployment figure
below that we have more than full
employment in this country and President
Trump predicted it he said that would
happen but why is that happening because
he said I'm the greatest jobs president
God ever created that might be true I've
been been on the numbers that is true
but then he said I'm the greatest jobs
producer that God ever created and that
isn't quite true he's the greatest jobs
president but he's not the greatest jobs
producer the greatest jobs producer is
capitalism its economic freedom this is
and it's a wonderful time to be seeing
these numbers because you have the rise
of socialism across the United States
we've talked about how the Democratic
socialists of America have increased
their membership Eightfold in just two
years the majority of Millennials
consider themselves socialist at the
same time we are seeing that economic
freedom economic liberty capitalism
creates jobs it creates prosperity this
is the first time that we've seen this
in our political lives as Millennials
and it's impressive to see because what
why is President Trump the greatest jobs
president that God ever created because
he is increasing freedom and decreasing
regulation he is letting people keep
more of their money by lowering taxes
historic tax reform on companies and on
individuals he's deregulating the
federal government so he's making it
harder for these bureaucrats and Technik
rats to control every aspect of
our lives he's opening up a trade is
negotiating better trade deals he's
trying to get better trade deals where
we're drilling baby drilling we're now
the biggest exporter of oil in the world
we're producing energy you know during
the Obama administration we would hear
no you can't drill here you can't
transport oil or natural gas here you
can't do this you can't do that no no no
no no and what President Trump did very
simply perhaps just on his gut is when
he got in he said we are gonna unleash
this economy we're gonna unshackle it
we're gonna open up the bonds that are
holding this economy back and this thing
is gonna roar and it is roaring this
economy should have been roaring years
ago because well you had that recession
in 2007 2008 and after steep recessions
you should have a steep recovery but
President Obama just put shackle upon
shackle so what a president Trump - he
opened that up he unleashed it freedom
works freedom works so it's it seems so
simple I think even conservatives need
to tell ourselves this sometimes because
sometimes we conservatives you know we
get a little a little contrarian a
little a little Tweedy a little
traditionalist you say oh I don't know
about freedom I don't well you know
pish-posh
know freedom works very simply it works
economically we're seeing that with all
of these numbers it works politically it
works creatively when you when you
unshackle people they are free to be
creative they're free to do what they
want and this is true as a matter of
political speech the accusation against
President Trump in this administration
is that he's authoritarian oh he's
authoritarian he's he's a fascist he's
authoritarian
I was he an authoritarian by letting
people say and do whatever they want you
know one of the observations of this era
in politics is people are sort of
frenzied they're vocal that they're
politically engaged the federal
government is not stopping them the
authoritarian so-called government isn't
stopping anybody from doing that you
know people are out there screaming
they're angry they want impeachment they
want this they want that the president
doesn't tell anybody to stop doing that
the freedom of the press has not been
abridged the freedom of the people to
speak their minds has not been abridged
there is freedom out there and by the
way even with all that screaming and all
that fake news and all
at Aunty administration rhetoric coming
out of the mainstream media the
administration's approval ratings are
50% they're doing very very well because
people when you give them freedom when
they say look you can speak and you can
speak and you can speak battle it out it
gets really loud it gets really raucous
it's not orderly it's not quiet it's not
it's not couth but it's really raucous
and people can get a semblance of the
truth this is a wonderful thing
some people are not thrilled about this
though and by some people I of course
I'm referring to Ron Burgundy himself
Jim Acosta Jim take it away Sarah's
question from NPR she asked you about
Ivanka Trump's statement that the press
is not the enemy of the people and she
asked you whether or not the press is
the enemy of the people you read off a
laundry list of your concerns about the
press and things that you feel like are
misreported but you did not say that the
press is not the enemy of the people and
I I think it would be a good thing if
you were to say right here at this
briefing that the press the people who
are gathered in this room right now
doing their jobs every day asking
questions of officials like the ones you
brought forward earlier are not the
enemy of the people I I think we deserve
that president has made his position
known I also think it's ironic my oh my
god I'm trying to answer your question I
politely waited and I even called on you
despite the fact that you interrupted me
why calling on your colleague I said
it's ironic and which is why I
interrupted I'm trying to view if you
finish if you would not mind letting me
have a follow-up that would be fun but
it's ironic Jim that not only you and
the media attacked the president for his
rhetoric when they frequently lower the
level of conversation in this country
repeatedly repeatedly the media resorts
to personal attacks without any content
other than to incite anger the media has
attacked me personally on a number of
occasions including your own Network
said I should be harassed as a life
sentence that I should be choked ice
officials are not welcomed in their
place of worship and personal
information is shared on
Internet when I was hosted by the
Correspondents Association of which
almost all of you are members of you
brought a comedian up to attack my
appearance and call me a traitor to my
own gender in fact as I know I'm as far
as I know I'm the first press secretary
in the history of the United States
that's required Secret Service
protection the media continues to
ratchet up the verbal assault against
the President and everyone in this
administration and certainly we have a
role to play but the media has a role to
play for the discourse in this country
as well preach preach Sarah yeah baby
so Ron Burgundy Jim Acosta leans in
there and he says listen you we have
freedom of the press in this country you
need to respect the press you need to
respect the freedom of the press and
that's why you need to tell all the
American citizens to shut up why won't
you why won't you tell them to shut up
they're saying me and things about me
Sarah stop them and Sarah Sanders is
saying like well that sounds like a you
problem Jim Acosta that certainly
doesn't sound like a me problem says no
say it say it and I love the idea of
this by the way that Jim Acosta you know
just a guy built in a lab for CNN he's
there he's saying hey listen lady say
what exactly what I want you to say and
she says no I'm not going to do it and
then the left is outraged because a
woman wouldn't say what Jim Acosta told
her to say and she is exactly right by
the way she has been pilloried she has
been attacked the she's the first press
secretary in history to require a Secret
Service protection and she says no we're
not gonna have that we're gonna let you
Jim well first of all it's incredible
that they still call on Jim Acosta I
love that they do because I think every
time Jim Acosta speaks Trump's poll
numbers go up three percent but they
they call on Jim Acosta they don't ban
CNN they don't censor CNN and then what
she's saying is not not only do you get
to speak Jim but your critics get to
speak to that's how this works that how
this that's how this freedom is gonna
work and and to hear the media whine and
moan it's as though they've never been
attacked before they've never know this
is unprecedented no no no maybe Jim
Acosta hasn't been attacked but what
about Fox News here's a clip from ten
years ago I think was 2008 of a mob
swarming Fox News check it out
I'm sorry if that sounded like a fire
alarm to you if they have to bleep out
every every second and a half every
millisecond they're gonna beep beep yes
warming them you know che guevara
t-shirts on you know saying no borders
no this no that they're swarming they're
saying F FoxNews F FoxNews that's a lot
worse than Jim Acosta ever gotten that's
a lot worse and you didn't really hear
people complaining about it then did you
but freedom works freedom works in the
left is really nervous about this you've
got finally this honest debate we're
talking about the honesty right now of
the midterm elections you have Democrats
who are coming out and honestly saying
yeah we're socialists we want socialism
we don't like freedom we want socialism
then you've got a Republican a
conservative administration that's
saying have freedom have it we're gonna
unshackle the economy you get economic
freedom we're gonna unshackle political
discourse you're gonna have political
speech you're gonna have freedom of
speech Duke it out do you want freedom
or do you want slavery that's the
question that Owen Benjamin has dropped
by the studio to answer oh and what's up
you've been hiding quietly there since
since we've been doing that entire
second sitting on a pond the whole time
Jim accosted so that's what I got am i
right yeah what about you and ladies and
gentlemen to see you
I why didn't I have you write this the
title for yesterday's episode about Jim
Acosta Jim Acosta I just started it now
because when I'm told to be quiet for a
bit I do a lot of really good thinking
and puns this is why you make the big
bucks and I'm sitting here in a broom
closet yeah this is why I'm I'm I'm look
like a mime I just got off a plane I'm
like I was in a mine I'm here I've
that's what you're doing sitting
silently well can I be the verbal mine
where I'm like I'm in a box
in case you don't realize it this is a
box sucks I am a mime don't forget to
tip me look it's a rope it's not a chain
so you're in town are you just you just
came here to mime and hang out what are
you doing in town it's a good mind you
know well it Brett I was gonna go to
prankers birthday party and I'm I just
did that preggers you vid so I just
stopped by are Corollas place and then
you and
just hanging out that Praeger you video
was fantastic thank you who haven't seen
it maybe we'll have to add in a video of
this it's you talking about the death of
comedy you talk about what's happened to
comedy and so you shot the video a while
ago yeah and then in the meantime
between your shooting the video and now
Netflix came out with the Nanette aunty
comedy comedy special I want to do an
anti plumbing plumber it's like you know
I'm here to fix this pipe because human
excrement is spraying everywhere but I'm
just I was raped once so I'm gonna go
home and just you're gonna drown like no
like no other job that could even
possibly be it's unbeliev go out you say
the I am I thank you for paying money
everybody I am explicitly gonna do the
opposite of my job right for those of
you thinking that I just brought up the
rape thing to be a weirdo that's what
she said so I was like referencing what
she was like trying to reference these
horribly dark things and then why that's
why she will not do comedy as she's
being paid to do comment I will say you
did have to clarify that because not a
soul on earth has watched that comedy
special comedy comedy well except for
their friends sending the trailer being
like what is this Wow yeah that you know
it's true it would be like Jim Acosta
getting on TV and spreading real news
you can't do that's not his job no
irrational he has to act like a
schizophrenic donkey all the time just
hee-hawing and kicking and acting just
ridiculous you know so this topic that
I've been thinking about all week is
freedom works freedom it is working it's
working politically it's working
economically this ties him to your video
right this is into like this oppressive
you don't laugh nothing's funny don't
there's that culture then there's the
culture of breathe the sweet air of
freedom have a laugh have a chuckle yeah
it's about consent you know it's like
that's why it's so rape you can - laughs
you know it about consent free markets
its consent it's like I want to work
with you you want to work with me
let's make both of our lives better that
consensual relationship and then you
have socialism which is at the end of a
gun I will set I will establish the
price of bread without any factors like
there really is an element of force
versus consent and that seems to
permeate people's entire lives the left
I mean
we've seen this now all these stories
come out of these like the feminist good
guys the soy Boy feminist yeah they are
by far to create the creepy ones with
girls they left follow them around and
Harvey Weinstein obviously the me to
movement maybe there's something to this
theory there it's the coercion of the
left that makes them feel entitled to
take whatever they want right because
what they're doing doesn't actually help
women in fact it's horrifying what it's
like you know what being a woman is lots
of abortions you know work 90-hour weeks
and outer get married see you guys in 50
years like that's that's someone who
actually loves a woman and you know we
just had our second child
congratulations kid the last thing I
would do is establish a fake wage gap
she what she has her master's in
engineering my wife's a brilliant woman
who wanted to stay home and be a mom and
and just push her into the salt mines of
you know and then just and say like
abortions and Powerman and all this
stuff and then secretly they're just up
to no good these guys yeah yeah that's
absolutely right that element of
coercion where do you see it though I
mean because I'm interested in from a
cultural perspective and a political
perspective so the midterm elections
right now are being pretty honest do we
want to keep Trump do we want to impeach
Trump maybe want freedom do we want
socialism you've got these socialist
candidates where is it heading
culturally are we gonna get more
Nanette's
are we gonna get more anti comedy I
think there's gonna be a lot of division
but I think there's more conservatism
happening with young people but there is
that millennial generation that just has
all this dead and no purpose and they
really the problem I see is that the
sewed the the evilness of socialism that
whisper like I'll take care of your debt
yeah you know they're like really
because they're so like they can't
default on it they were my parents are
professors and they warned me about this
a long time ago where they're like this
is going bad you know the devaluing of
the of the college education where
they're just wetting at anybody anyone
can get a loan yeah no more enjoyed
knowing on it nothing nothing yeah and
my parents both taught things like
actual things not this like underwater a
lesbian ballet they they didn't teach
that oh they're clearly my dad has his
PhD on that as one of his cases yeah no
but they're just giving people
nonsense there actually I read somewhere
that if you study economics right now in
college you leave knowing less like for
real because your basic thoughts are
better than this Marxist non sedan what
it's being replaced with yeah and it's
weaponized empathy to where it's like I
see the trick I see like don't you love
poor people it's like but socialism
isn't about supporting the poor it's
about destroying the rich it's an envy
based evil ideology and it's once you
see it you're like well you you had that
great video that came out the last
Bernie bro oh yeah where we'll have to
put a link to it because it's like it's
like a four-minute video right so pretty
long yeah and and the last Bernie bro
spoiler alert is living in Venezuela
yeah yeah I got a mission he's like I
brought my you know I'm my machete make
sure you pronounced it the way that and
then you know he's got bubbles is
frisbee into a clause and a vape pen
he's like I'm gonna go where the utopia
is and of course it goes to Venezuela
and my friend who's playing the guard is
not even looking that direction it's
only in Venezuela hey just you know
spoiler it's only four minutes long but
he steals my passport and I just have to
stay in Venezuela it's this extended
childhood there's no you know
meritocracy is scary if you have no
skills and you're raised with no values
of course and that's such an interesting
point there in the video like it tells
you a lot about the country to go down
to the border and see which way the guns
are pointing oh yeah it's you hired my
buddy retiring about that were like
there is no socialist country in history
where people are trying to sneak in ever
right
there's always rafts coming out of Cuba
nobody in Miami is like I'm gonna float
on a tire and get to Cuba it never ever
happened so why would we want that like
North Korea no one's running in that's
right that's he said all the Stan
country is no one's trying to go into
you know the stands are not good dudes
you know
stands it well yeah cuz I'm actually
track those guys down
afghanistan-pakistan did Stanley man
Stanley's not gonna do I'm watching up
Handmaid's Tale and I thought I would
hate that thought I was gonna be anti
conservative propaganda it's fine dude
it's awesome it's about Islam though
like I'm dead serious I'm watching this
thing and I'm like this is accurate
Islam stuff yeah yeah even gentle
mutilation is in it
covering the faces eight wives it's
literally like I'm watching this I'm
like how is this spun to be
anti-christian this is the way when
historians when you're looking back to
figure out when the moment was that we
all started to get jihad it was this
moment when Owen brought it up on this
show yes was the beginning of of us a
daily why are getting jihad it thank you
very much and appreciate that you guys
see my artwork of Muhammad and various
horses now it's I don't yeah it's it's
it's not it is I know I actually I agree
with you I I've enjoyed watching
Handmaid's Tale because it is just trash
I mean it's it like a trashy show yeah
but you look at it the people on the
left earnestly believe that that is
where the United States under Donald
Trump is headed i but i think it's like
a psychosis because they don't see that
they're almost accurately picturing
socialism and on these caliphates and
stuff like it's not at all what the
right wants of course like it's all
coercion it's all there's no free
markets in the head it's like yeah you
know and and that's that's the irony
about this whole thing as they say what
they're you know I clearly Hillary
Clinton at something going out with
Russia cuz this whole nonsense
is coming from some weird projection
it's like the closet gay guy with like
eight z28 you know so dude why'd you go
camping with the dude
okay you got you were like are you gay
you know a guy sleep with a man what are
you
I know then you're like what why are you
going so far and then the left
everything they're like going so far
with you're like that's you yeah
absolutely I mean you even see when Jim
Acosta when Ron Burgundy is yelling at
Sarah Sanders he's saying their premise
is that the Trump administration is
authoritarian and all Jim Acosta saying
is tell people not to do anything tell
people not to talk tell people not to
criticize me say we don't do that that's
what you do you you tell people to shut
up we don't tell of course and the of
course the irony is if it really was
what they described they'd all be dead
and they would never be able to say it
right like the one way you know for a
fact the media isn't actually being
attacked in America and this is not a
fascist government is because you can
hear them talk about that right the
console incessantly oh and it's just
like comfort with cognitive dissonance
like Trump is Hitler giving your guns
like my stuff you know submit to
tolerance like these things that any
child could see they're cut the comfort
in it has to come from post-modernism
where it's like there is no truth in the
world because if not how do you function
that way yeah like up down like up is
down down is up it's just this is my
question with the Millennials and I
honestly don't know which way it's gonna
go
that the signs don't seem good you know
more than half of Millennials identify
as socialist they skew Democrat all
these things but this is basically the
first time in their lives and they're
politically conscious lives that they've
seen prosperity yeah they're seeing
right there seeing freedom their
rhetoric sounds very Pro freedom is
there any way you do you think that we
can get them back or they all just oh
yeah yeah yeah we can talk about a lot
of it is cultural - I think a lot of
young men don't have any strong male
role models that's why they're drawn to
people like you and Shapiro and Jordan
Peterson and we're some masculine you
know we're just so we're so like but
don't and the Barbarian yeah I think we
were talking up before about how you
were like the most manly guy yeah that's
right it's only because like I I would
wear oxford shirts every so often you
know I wasn't wearing a dress all day
you know no he's not wearing mascara
he must be a lumberjack sure you think
like guys I have never thrown a football
in my life yeah that's right but there
is a sense of that in the culture in the
land of the blind the one-eyed man is
king we're doing a speech for ya in the
fall which is how to be a man when you
look like a mat out there just very
simple things that you can do but that's
a very that's a quality you just did
that people want but you can mock
yourself yeah right yeah the other thing
they're so precious these the
Millennials they're so shocked when you
I don't know when I interact with guys
I'm a jerk you know yeah I make fun of
each other and and you make fun of your
own weaknesses or your own things that
like I I was I was laughing out loud
when Shapiro is making fun of how he
does ads yeah it's right that's so male
that's so a normal male behavior where I
would make fun of my size like I'm oh
girl you know like like and and and
sometimes people don't get that and they
they want it so bad again because
they're like that relieves our pressure
that's what my preview video is about
that's right where it's like this
pressure is building where no one could
just mock each other yeah and then it
just explodes and and I think that there
is no mockery on the left it's all
because it's fundamentally such a lie
that they can't ever be in their own
skin anymore they can't just be free and
criticize each other like me and you
could have an argument over policy and
our friendship wouldn't be affected at
all in the least that's exactly right
yeah but for the left when you attack
their political opinions they actually
say this they say you're erasing me
you're erasing my identity
you're invalidating me like you're
really it's like sometimes I want to be
like that dudes never seen a dead guy
like a race person it's horrifying
you know it's kind of like it's these
people are almost doing live-action
roleplay with stuff they don't
understand yeah one time someone is
saying words or violence and I have two
kids now I don't wanna go to jail or
anything but I want to just just just
just go like this and be like which one
do you want my word if you want me to
seriously knock your face off your body
do you want to do you want to see how
words are not violent this is how I know
that they don't have any sense of stakes
cuz I'm a giant and I'm you know there's
no fear sometimes in these people yeah
you could they're just like you're the
worst during why you're a man like words
or violence and I'm like it no point in
my life would I ever that'd be like me
looking at an 8-foot man yeah yeah as I
got a feeling I could eat you I do you
need help do you want me to rub your
feet you know it's like how do you not
have that fear of just violence yes and
because I'm very anti violence but
because you know I taught it to people
so I'm like dude don't forget sermon on
the mount or you'll get Leviticus again
you're gonna mean like those are like
that bass is still there like we've
expanded it to this freedom and the lack
of resource you know yeah but you can go
right back to that if people start
forgetting about the work it took to get
these freedoms right I remember in
Exodus it says thou shalt not suffer a
witch to live perhaps you know we've got
to go back to some of this more
fundamental understanding I don't know
that that is so right in the Millennials
they're so afraid of or they're so
coddled rather that they don't have that
sense of reality you'll talk to them and
you'll just think like have you never
rubbed up against reality for even one
second never once know their atrophy
it's a dream it's like muscle atrophy
it's like when you have a cast and then
your wrist looks weird yeah it's like in
it for it's not like there's I remember
we're concept of like spoiled it's not
like they got everything taken from them
with this it's not like there's no
jealousy there because they now can't
function mm-hmm we have no ability of
like functioning the world and and I
think it's you know a bad parenting it's
a cancer on them it's like their parents
must it's like Fight Club it's like that
absentee father the absentee God that
like no one cared about me they just
sent me out and then someone's always
watching me yeah that's right that's
right
yeah there is like I've noticed this
with people people who have actually
suffered in life they go one of two ways
either they like go to jail or they are
the most joyful people on earth yeah I
had that North Korean defector ji
seong-ho came in here this guy I don't
know that I'll ever meet someone who has
suffered like I saw that was going into
North Korea did you know are you going
it's utopia social-democrat why would
you want to leave why would you ever
want this utopia I saw I'm crawling out
of it as I was crawling in okay are you
leaving what's going on dude don't you
want freedom
yeah don't you want safety breadline
yeah oh shoot that's open so what have
so this guy talked to him and I and I
noticed I thought like this is the most
joyful person I've ever met so now
whenever like you know I don't know I
stubbed my toe on my chair ah my toe you
know and my wife she'll say like oh yeah
should I call Gaeseong ho no you know
like and that humans adjust we come on
is this case is here but that when I see
these millennial types whining because
like they can't just be professional
poets yeah I have to like get a job too
I just think like man me you gotta talk
to JSON ho guys lover because it's like
yeah the inability of feeling joy that's
the thing is even if they did become a
famous rapper or something they still
would never be happy they'll be crying
on a yacht it's like this yacht is dumb
it's like the same nightmare is just
always flat yeah
same nightmare sheets with a higher
thread count yeah yeah that is it I mean
I just like looking around this is why
I'm very into owning the libs I kind of
I disagree respectfully with our
ambassador to the UN on this owning that
it's great because it's it's so
attractive it's there's such a joy to it
there's an exuberance yeah and you
compare that joy to this relentless
tedious self-serious leftism why would
you ever pick that got it on the lips
I'm not advocating killing the land yeah
what up just possess them that's why we
showed that without vegans like I'm
always like I wouldn't eat a person you
know you just try to let go so far other
than one look I'm looking I love
compassion will moderate yeah I would
never eat a human being I don't think
yeah maybe Andes but I don't know what
happens yeah it's like know like make it
III think laughed ISM is such a
destructive force that I I don't know
why people are like saying that it's I
don't know I'm like now we got to take
it out any way you can get it out just
get it because it's like and be funny
with it I mean there if the best comedy
they can do if the comedy that the left
has which gets Netflix hour-long
specials is not comedy then like make
them laugh man people just want to laugh
they want to smile they love it
you know yeah I thought my career was
done cuz of like certain opinions I had
and it's totally not opinions like we
shouldn't castrate children literally
since yet yeah that opinion got you
fired from all races all deserve jokes
about them yes
that's oh there's nothing more kind of
setting like there'd be jokes I'd write
with like a bunch of black dudes I'm on
the road with and some like just white
girl and like always a white girl always
a white girl and they're like excuse me
excuse me my neighbor's male man's best
friend is named Tyrone and you're like
what are you talking about like it's so
infuriating cory booker's imaginary
friend t-bone would be very offended by
that joke yes there's like invisible
black people around them I got this one
time and you're like if you actually see
human beings as individuals yeah you
never know when the potholes coming
because you don't see people as
demographics that's right you know what
you're more into height isn't like a
mocha from the eye you can't know but I
just honestly I think obviously I'm not
a - but like I think height is way more
divisive than race as far as what your
day is like totally there actually is
height privilege that is true there
always you know yeah but then it goes
farther like I'm almost six eight yeah
you're on the back end of that but yeah
sure I can't be on a roller coaster no
one in a nursing home is over five ten
you know like I'm the first one arrested
you know like there's all kinds of stuff
you know heads a grab like a Great Dane
like hips go on it like 40 yeah you know
you know your mistake though when you
were when you were making jokes about
all the races if you had only made jokes
about white white men and even if you
just said really vicious things about
white men you could be on the New York
Times yeah doors Hillary Clinton I could
just like rape someone no I'm dead
serious it's true babies happen I know
you might have had to donate you might
have had to donate a little - yeah
Harvey Weinstein was in like openly
raping people and and and and they were
calling them god that's right it's like
what I just said seemed so shocking but
people laugh good people just laugh
because it's it's there's so much truth
in it that you're like that's true you
can get away with anything I was it like
and I think Hui CK is an incredible joke
writer but like um I'll watch some of
his bits I'm like the way he's talking
about his wife and kids I'm like you
know I'm like dude you know he's like my
daughters is I don't want to say that
your show out of respect I'm like whoa
man yeah you know yeah seems to be a
little uh what that's like the James
Gunn thing right you guys say it's all
jokes and you think
maybe but there's some why did you I
disagree with Shapiro and now I think he
actually might have been right because
the dude is such an assassin like when
you when you're debating with him you're
like woah oh yeah easy pegan even sell
spoiled milk to a cow I mean it is dude
I was I was convinced that he was wrong
about it yeah and and I I realized he's
actually right about it cuz vert because
he was talking about if you know what
you're getting into when you hire
someone you got to just eat that that's
true right yeah and so that makes sense
because like my point was like no we
have to have standards we can't go down
that road of like we're becoming our
enemies if we don't hire a known
pedophile to babysit our kids you know
it's like no there's right and wrong and
and it's like that's gonna take a hit
out of the business the fact that he
writes these things yes but I mean what
he's saying isn't funny and I know
people have said that to me where
they're like your joke isn't funny I'm
like cuz you don't understand
hyperbole irony and assumptions yeah but
his lefties are known for their great
sense of humor that's really good right
and like even like describe what the
joke is and how it's the opposite of
what they think it is I still don't get
it of course so I don't want to fall
down that road and say James Gunn
shouldn't do these jokes well I don't
personally think you should but he
should not be around kids professionally
as I'm saying yeah I just love it
couldn't have happened to a nicer guy
he was the first season to cheer when
they all got fired for jokes and now it
comes back and bites him and and it is
great because you know these guys are
dying by their own hypocrisy you're like
living in freedom I mean you're and it's
like you just have a happier life like I
would get those like lefty development
deals that you don't deserve and all
that stuff but you don't enjoy it again
it's almost like biblical it's like you
get all the world and you get nothing
you know that's so true so what were you
up to where can people see you where can
people find you well my website is a
huge pianist com I have three specials
they're self produced from the last year
and a half and then I'm the preggers you
video watch and share it I desperately
want to deep beat Dave Rubin because he
gets a little cocky buddy oh yeah that's
right uh and yeah just YouTube Dennis's
birthday party those are places they can
go huge a wacom yeah and where so you
figure a James Gunn has a Twitter Isis
as a Twitter where can they find you on
Twitter not on Twitter well this is what
I got kicked off Twitter permanently for
an a joke that if
I could say edit in a Catholic preschool
not not not quite but literally nothing
and the more time goes on the more
people are like this joke making fun of
day vlog yeah well you know James Gunn
gets to stay on on Twitter but you don't
do this Farrakhan is on Twitter Eric on
yeah hates Shapiro just peruse race yeah
that's true dude the left is so racist
and it's like these guys are on their
talked about out Jews are like a disease
I'm like why but you're a huge pianist
they're not gonna let you want no
without me around I'm a quarter Jewish
so that kicks in hard I might excuse me
and I didn't even find out I was Jewish
and till I was 20 but I always knew I
was up to something you were like you
were the Tamar that's a good bed you
it's true story - I thought of my
grandmother's toy Jewish didn't even now
is that that is true yeah he wore the
tallest juice and Samson almost I know
that's why I never cut my hair recently
yeah that know who's fair cut is on
Twitter like that's insane that that's
true it isn't saying that's amazing like
he's in Genesis like the way he talks
about Jews is genocide oh but yeah
because I feel like gun rights that's
right that's right that's terrible I'm
sorry my Twitter's gonna die anyway like
Facebook and Twitter stocks are just
plunging that's why they hate the free
market because nonsense is rewarded with
the lack of money yeah yeah that's true
that's absolutely right and well so I'm
gonna see you tomorrow oh yeah and I
want everyone to buy the left is tears
mug you gotta give her tumblr you got to
get it the only way to get this by the
way people because I gotta say goodbye
to Facebook and YouTube I've given you
too much today I've got to say goodbye
this is hot and cold it what about
lukewarm tears you're not allowed to
have it that way go outside stand in the
middle of the road get hit by a truck go
to daily wire.com subscribe now get the
leftist ears tumblr we'll be right back
unfortunately without Owen Owen thanks
for being a blast Cheers
for those who didn't catch that I just
said goodbye to Owen and he stood up and
cracked his head on our ceiling lights
that Owen is on the other side of high
privilege he is not on the good side of
height privilege
man it's always good to have him here
it's like a like the Tasmanian devil
likes ten Tasmanian Devils come through
as is so funny and he's like got such a
fresh perspective it's so good
that this guy isn't being like just
owned by studios he's on his own I mean
Freedom Works now this brings us to our
final point today we're running a little
late so I'll try to cover it quickly
there's another side to freedom when
people abuse their freedom when they use
their freedom to break the laws to hurt
other people to violate the moral law
then we we can kill them then the state
can kill them they can this has been
true at all times
it's acknowledged in the epistles it's
acknowledged in Christianity it's always
been the position of the Catholic Church
and today Pope Francis has amended
certain aspects of church teaching and
the in the Catechism of the Catholic
Church to say that the death penalty now
is inadmissible that's his word the
death penalty by civil governments is in
admissible so we'll go into what that
means a little bit and some of the
thoughts on the health benefits of
capital punishment but the lefty
politicians are cheering so fake
Catholic politicians like the Cuomo's
for instance the Cuomo's mario cuomo
invented this whole i oppose abortion
but i think it should be legal line well
i'm personally opposed to abortion but i
support abortion and they're trying to
have their cake and eat it too and it's
and it's absurd because abortion is
intrinsically evil
so Andy Cuomo was running with this Andy
Cuomo his son the governor of New York
tweets out today quote the death penalty
is morally indefensible has no place in
the 21st century today in solidarity
with Pontifex and in honor of my father
I will be advancing legislation to
remove the death penalty from state law
once and for all this is the same guy by
the way Andy Cuomo who said that if
you're not in favor of abortion you're
not a New Yorker you have no play
in New York this is a radical lefty and
he's he quotes this church when it's
convenient so what is it with what is it
with the death penalty is is the death
penalty morally acceptable well what
what Pope Francis wrote today is this
this is the new teaching of the Catholic
catechism the Catechism of the Catholic
Church is the book of teachings of the
Catholic Church there was a version that
came out of leave in 1992 is it from
john paul ii and it formerly said that
the death penalty in modern society
while not intrinsically evil would be
practically non-existent because we have
other ways of dealing with criminals
it's now changed to recourse to the
death penalty on the part of legitimate
authority following a fair trial was
long considered an appropriate response
to the gravity of certain crimes and an
acceptable albeit extreme means of
safeguarding the common good today
however there is an increasing awareness
that the dignity of the person is not
lost even after the commission of very
serious crimes in addition a new
understanding has emerged of the
significance of penal sanctions imposed
by the state lastly more effective
systems have been developed consequently
the Church teaches in light of the
gospel that quote the death penalty is
inadmissible because it is an attack on
the inviolability and dignity of the
person mmm well I don't know so
inadmissible what is inadmissible mean
what is it really saying you know
because the the Pope is not allowed to
change doctrine that that doesn't happen
people mistake this frequently because
of people don't understand papal
infallibility the the Pope can't change
doctrine of the church he can articulate
doctrine he and clarify doctrine so
inadmissible that's not the same as
saying it's intrinsically evil
inadmissible means not capable of being
admitted or conceded or allowed scope
for or conceded as valid okay tricky
wording isn't it was it always
inadmissible no it certainly wasn't
always inadmissible st. Agustin writes
about this he says the same divine
authority that forbids the killing of a
human being establishes certain
exceptions as when God authorizes
killing by a general law or when he
gives annex
bless it Commission to an individual for
a period of time Thomas Aquinas is the
same thing it is permissible to kill a
criminal if this is necessary for the
welfare of the whole community
now look Pope Benedict is it this isn't
a total break with Pope Francis Pope
Benedict said quote there may be a
legitimate diversity of opinion among
Catholics about waging war and applying
the death penalty so there can be some
disagreement it doesn't mean that now if
you're Pro death penalty you are not
Catholic or something like that
certainly not but I would like to bring
in a little bit of history before we go
here on on the death penalty and the
church and the health benefits of
capital punishment in Rome in 1817 Pope
Pius the seventh was reigning three
robbers were beheaded they were beheaded
for robbery between 1814 and 1870 369
criminals were beheaded in the papal
States under the control of the Pope he
you know I've got to take care of those
criminals Giovanni Battista Bugatti who
is the official papal executioner used
an axe to chop off criminals heads
before the guillotine was brought in to
be more humane the Pope between 1814 and
1817 just three years sanctioned the
hanging drawing and quartering of
criminals eleven separate times heinous
crimes particularly heinous crimes were
not treated in this way instead those
criminals had their heads crushed with
the matzo telo mallet that's a little
stronger that's that doesn't seem to be
quite in keeping with the modern
teaching AGGA Tino Bellomo who was the
last to be executed in the papal States
asked Blessed Pius the 9th for a stay of
execution a blessed Pius the 9th
responded to him this is the last person
executed there and said I cannot and I
do not want to and then he was executed
the issue here is that capital
punishment protects human rights
it protects human beings human life and
the natural right another natural law
rather so there there are different
kinds of punishment
there is retributive punishment
punishment just for Justice's sake
there is deterrent punishment so when
when people are punished harshly for a
crime it discourages others from doing
that there is a therapeutic punishment
you know you can put
one into a rehabilitation center you say
oh you know the purpose of putting
someone in prison is to rehabilitate
them okay that's that's one of them too
and there is a medicinal punishment
medicinal capital punishment which is
that the Samuel Johnson quote when a man
knows to be hanged in a that he's going
to be hanged in a fortnight it
concentrates his mind wonderfully when
you know that you're going to be killed
for your crime it clarifies the world a
little bit if the the whole point of the
Catholic teaching on capital punishment
excuse me is that we want to bring
people to Christ we want to give them a
time to repent well when you're looking
at that guillotine over there it focuses
your mind it really brings certain
questions to mind a more modern example
of this because you can talk about all
the papal States and Pope's chopping off
people's heads and and all that is very
good but consider the Nuremberg trials
during the Nuremberg trials of all the
Nazi war criminals who slaughtered and
genocided whole scores of people a Pope
Pius the 12th was so eager for justice
he sent his jesuit archivist to assist
the prosecutors at the Nuremberg trials
Pope Pius the 12th personally told the
prosecutor Robert Jackson quote not only
do we approve of the trial but we desire
that the guilty be punished as quickly
as possible
one of the defining features of this
pontificate is some confusion there
seems to be a lot of confusion on
matters of divorce matters of who can
receive the Communion matters of capital
punishment matters of church teaching
evolution where where things are going I
mean the evolution of the church not
monkeys turning into people there seems
to be a lot of confusion and it would be
nice to have some clarity because the
church has had moral clarity on this
issue for a very long time and the if
the confusion persists and suggests that
capital punishment is intrinsic evil
then first of all church tradition will
be changed our doctrine the thoughts of
the church will be changed but it's
really morally unclear because there's
nothing Christian about letting the
wicked rake the face of the earth
letting the cruel rape the face of the
earth there's nothing Christian about
that and let's hope that that confusion
doesn't persist any longer I told you
the top of the show when Catholics have
trouble with things that are coming out
of the Vatican you know you know you're
like very very respectful about it there
was a group of clergy who formally
accused Pope Francis of heresy but the
way that you do it in the Catholic
Church is you it's called a a filial
letter of Correction for heresy like
most Holy Father we think we may have
misunderstood what you were saying you
know very very respectful so let's hope
respectfully we can get some clarity on
all of those matters and people don't
forget the important medicinal effects
of hanging and having your head chopped
off in the mean time you know we started
recording another Kingdom and other
kingdoms coming up get ready for you've
got a binge that first season so you're
ready for season two it is really really
cool I will tell you that in the
meantime I'll see you soon
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Nolt show see you Monday
the michael noland is produced by seniya
Villarreal executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer Mathis Glover and
our technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Jim nickel audio is mixed by
Mike Cora Mena hair and makeup is by
Jeshua alvera the Michael Knowles show
is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
you
