you make this really interesting point
in the video that we were talking about
before that we've lost our shared values
so it's hard to work play off the
assumptions to get a laugh it's hard to
play off people's assumption is that
what killed late-night comedy or is it
something else I mean late-night comedy
is virtually gone that man I wrestle
with this a lot because I don't know if
it was just this weird descent into this
or was it planned
was it this weird uh Marxist thing where
they want another avenue of rhetoric and
promote I don't know because these guys
were funny like I know Jimmy Fallon I've
toured with Jimmy Fallon he's probably
the best one left but AB done Chelsea
Handler's show I've done Amy Schumer
show like the thing that a lot of people
on the right need to understand is at
one point Sarah Silverman was was funny
and to see them all choose to become
these shells of themselves and just
become these these puppets in these
applause seeking just ideological
weirdos I'm like was that by choice or
was that just I don't know I don't know
what it is did they run out of jokes no
there is always that danger with
comedians that they that somewhere deep
inside them they want to be taken
seriously and as and and they can fall
prey to that as they get older I think
yeah it's almost like when you two
wanted to do a jazz album everyone's
like bad for branding but
