Karl Marx says that famously says that
religion is the opium of the people and
okay fine so it's it's something that
people find to give them hope and joy
and pleasure in a meaningless life that
comes to nothing in the end so why would
you try to step in the way of that why
would you try to take that away from in
fact it's interesting that most atheists
you talk to are gonna be very
libertarian about actual drugs like
actual opium so they're gonna say that
hey if somebody wants to do heroin let
them do heroin yeah it's hurting them it
might kill them but if it makes them
feel good if it's what they want to do
it's their body let them do it it
doesn't matter so I don't understand how
you could have that opinion about actual
drugs that are actually directly
physically killing people and yet you
don't have that view of this mental or
spiritual drug as you see it so you have
that view of actual opium but the
religious opium you say no we must take
that away from people why
well you might say that you do it
because religion is a blight on the
earth and it's led to great suffering
well that's also true of drugs by the
way and so but we'll leave that to the
side okay now that's that's not it's not
true of course religion has sometimes
been used as an excuse to hurt people
certain religions are much more often
used to that end than others but atheist
governments have also brought misery and
and and death on the masses on an
unprecedented scale I might add and if
you know anything about even recent
world history you must realize that and
atheists themselves individually I'm
sure you would admit are at least just
as likely to commit acts of violence and
evil as anyone else so that means that
you can't you can't brought blame
religion for for bad things that happen
but also you're an atheist so you know
that we're just animals we are we are
slaves to nature and nature is harsh
violent uncaring brutal
and you know as an atheist that we can
never rise above our nature because
there's nothing above our nature to rise
towards all is nature nature is
everything so to blame the evil and
violence in the world on religion is
absurd and you must know that evil and
violence are just nature it's just the
way of things that will never change it
can't change and why should we try to
change it you know a shark doesn't try
to change his ways and stop eating seals
a lion doesn't get all guilt-tripped if
he if he kills a zebra and then sees
that the zebra has a child he says oh my
oh my goodness what have I done he
doesn't do that a male gorilla will beat
another grill at a death and not even
think about it because this is just how
nature acts there's no chance of
escaping it and why should we try why
are we were no different than the lion
the the gorilla the shark why should we
be why should we hold ourselves to a
higher standard
what is evil anyway you would never
speak of a shark or a line or a gorilla
or a virus committing evil would you no
matter how much death and suffering
those creatures bring on other creatures
you would never say that they commit
evil so so why should we be held to that
standard it's a social construct an
artificial invention a thing evil
doesn't even exist on atheism there's no
rational way to blame religion for evil
but there's also no such thing as evil
anyway
so that can't be a reason
