now it cost the tweets after this he's
whining about this this is the guy who's
I mean his reporting is so unfair it is
so biased so one-sided and that's beside
the shouting questions given the
shouting questions he wants attention he
wants to be Sam Donaldson
okay fine shout your questions be a rude
little man but that's not the point you
know I I have look I want I would like
Trump to be treated like any politician
roughly if it hadn't been for the eight
years of Obama being you know ascending
into heaven and being worshipped and the
reporters chanting Obama Obama it
wouldn't bother me so much if they were
attacking Trump but it just bothers me
the difference it's just that it only
applies to one person so you know it is
one thing Acosta's reporting is lousy it
is lousy it is biased that is one-sided
he taiks makes no attempt to see the
world from the people who support the
position of the people who support from
and then he goes out after they shout at
him as he so richly deserves I don't
like I don't like to see reporters being
harassed I do not I do not like to see
the press being harassed calling Acosta
a reporter borderline misuse of the
English language but even so but now
Acosta says he tweets out just a sample
of the sad scene we faced at the Trump
rally in Tampa I'm very worried that the
hostility whipped up by Trump and some
in conservative media will result in
somebody getting hurt we should not
treat our fellow Americans this way the
press is not the enemy I mean like I
said I guess had the other day
the only real violence that's been
committed has been against Trump
supporters and against Republicans and
against Trump administration people have
been hounded out of restaurants and all
of that is keyed off to the rhetoric
coming out of places like CNN so I do
not understand I am perfectly happy to
see Trump stop calling the press the
enemy of the people I'd like to see not
see reporters get harassed but you know
it goes both ways when he tweeted this
when he when Acosta tweeted the scene
mark Caputo of Politico tweeted back
about the people who were shouting at
him if you put everyone's mouths
together in this video you'd get a full
set of teeth and then when somebody said
you know that's not really that funny a
joke
he said well they're garbage people
they're garbage people like it so that's
the way the press feels about the people
what I'm sorry but why exactly are the
people supposed to say oh you're the
press you know we respect you I do not
get it I do not get it it is all
happening in their imaginations if they
would stop and ask themselves what has
Trump done that is corrupt what has he
done that is authoritarian what has he
done that is violating the norms of the
Constitution they would find they really
have a hard time coming up with anything
