CS Lewis's point famously is that well
you you you can't really do that you
have to either accept him as the Lord or
condemn him as a liar or a lunatic
because a great moral teacher who is
merely mortal wouldn't go around
claiming that he was the son of God so
either he was the son of God or he was
an evil person or he was crazy now I
used to like that argument ease to think
it was a very good argument and with all
due respect to CS Lewis who is one of my
favorite humans to ever walk the earth
I think that actually I've come to
realize that that argument is is not
very good in fact it's not a great
argument because it's kind of a straw
man in that it leaves out the l word
that almost every skeptic will actually
choose which is legend so actually it's
liar or lunatic lord or legend most
skeptics most most atheists most
non-christians even those who are
theists but are non-christians most of
them what they'll say is yeah well well
Jesus was you know he wasn't lying attic
or Lord he was a legend either he didn't
exist at all or he did exist but he
never said the things that were
attributed to him they'll try to say you
know for instance well most of his
claims of divinity happened in the
Gospel of John which is the last one
written so John made that up and blah
blah blah
you know these are the arguments they
try to make obviously I think that
argument is absurd but if you aren't
going to accept Christ as Lord then
legend is really the only option you
have to go with and so that is the
option that most atheists and so forth
will go with which is why the trilemma
thing just kind of breaks down but I
think a version of this trilemma
argument works much better for Paul than
it does for Jesus because with Paul you
have to believe that either he was
telling the truth about Jesus or he was
a pathological liar or he was a lunatic
there really isn't a fourth option
there is no tenable 4th option for Paul
because we have his writings Jesus as
far as we know never wrote anything at
least we have no we have no we have no
writings of Jesus aside from what he
wrote in the sand when the adulterous
woman was going to be stoned to death
but with Paul you know we do have his
writings and so even the most radical
skeptics you know they can't deny his
existence and they can't claim that he
didn't say the things that we claimed he
said because we have his own words so
then what's it gonna be we know Paul's
not a legend so read through the
epistles what's it gonna be
is this a lunatic speaking when you read
the epistles do you think this is a
crazy man no I think clearly not is it a
liar well he certainly appears to be a
man of great integrity and sound ethics
what's more he's given his life over to
preaching this news around the world
he's risking his life in the process why
would he do that for a lie so that seems
to leave only the first option that he's
telling the truth
he's telling the truth
not only about what was reported to him
but also about his own conversion
experience and his own encounter with
the risen Lord so I think that's you
know Paul Paul gives us great evidence
