speaking of pulling the trigger there is
a crazy thing that is happening right
now where a bunch of folks on the Left
are now attempting to ban 3d gun
printing we talked a little bit
yesterday about the fact that folks in
the media do not know what in the hell
they are talking about when they talk
about printing of 3d guns they really
think that I'm going to take my HP
LaserJet and print out a gun in my house
right now like they they really think
that's the thing I can do that I can
just go into my library and I can print
out a gun from my from my normal printer
because they hear printing and this is
what they think that's not how it works
an actual 3d printing machine costs
upwards of eight thousand dollars all
the way up to a hundred thousand dollars
nobody is sitting in their basement
actually printing out fully plastic guns
that that is illegal you are not allowed
to manufacture guns that are not
detectable that is just not something
that happens people have been
manufacturing their own guns literally
for centuries people making guns in
their house with gun making kits most of
those who made of metal most of the
parts are coming from actual gun
manufacturers but the left is driving
this narrative that the new great danger
in the United States is going to be 3d
guns that's going to be the great danger
that's where all of the danger in the
United States is coming from so senator
Markey who doesn't know legitimately a
damn thing about guns he was speaking
yesterday he says 3d guns are a national
security risk in a world where a 3d
printer cartridge has become as deadly
as a gun cartridge and that's because
these downloadable firearms are
available even to those who could not
pass a background check
it's the ultimate gun loophole what in
the world is he talking about Ed Markey
does not know what he is talking about
the idea they're a bunch of felons who
are sending their basements $100,000
printing machines for 3d plastic guns is
just ridiculous if they fell in love to
get a gun the easiest way to do it is
just to buy it illegally really it's
gonna cost you like a thousand bucks as
opposed to I don't know a hundred and
fifty thousand dollars to manufacture a
3d ar-15 that fires three times before
it breaks the hole this is so stupid but
a federal judge has now blocked 3d gun
plans so according to CNN if you are
looking to download the blueprints for
how to make a plastic gun using a 3d
printer you can't yet get them online
from a site distributing them legally a
federal judge Tuesday night blocked a
settlement that would have allowed
defense distributed a texas-based
rights organization to legally post
blueprints for 3d principle guns but
hundreds of designs reportedly were
downloaded before the judge's decision
meaning those designs are out there
legally or not well yes I mean the idea
that you are going to shut down every
site on the internet that is posting
these blueprints is just asinine and a
significant violation of free speech
