many of you care very deeply about Paul
Manafort trial and neither do I but I do
think we should understand what's at
stake here before turning to admittedly
more exciting issues like what's for
dinner and whether or not there'll be a
director's commentary on the Jurassic
world fallen Kingdom DVD when it comes
out in the fall that'd be cool
anyway Manta Ford was caught in the net
of robert muller who is appointed
special counsel in order to investigate
collusion between the Russians and the
campaign of Donald Trump the charges
against Muller have nothing to do with
Russia or Donald Trump but they do give
journalists the chance to say the words
Russia and Donald Trump over and over in
the hopes that someone will think
there's a connection between Russia and
Donald Trump Manta Ford is charged with
violating tax and banking laws and faces
a maximum sentence of 305 years in
prison
that means he would be released in the
year 23:23 or just in time to see the
Muller investigation come to a close
without proving any collusion between
the Russians and Donald Trump at that
point we should also be able to read the
disappointment in the mind of CNN's
Chris Cuomo whose brain will have been
kept alive in a jar as part of a
scientific experiment to find out what
Chris Cuomo would have been like if his
brain had been alive before they put it
in the jar Manta Forte's alleged fraud
took place while he was lobbying for the
Ukrainians in association with Tony
Podesta the brother of John Podesta who
headed the Hillary Clinton campaign
which hired Christopher Steele to get
information from the Kremlin which was
misused by the feds in order to spy on
the Trump campaign and meddle with the
election which Robert Muller is not
investigating because he's only
investigating the Russian collusion with
Trump instead of you know the Russian
collusion trigger warning I'm Andrew
Klavan and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
all right it's mailbag day my gosh you
know you've been you've been carrying
your problems around like a weight of
lead and anvil in a sack and they will
all be relieved we're also gonna bring
on Jenna Ellis to talk about the mana
for trial and what's going on with Brett
Kavanaugh Trump's Supreme Court pick and
then then the minute the show is over I
am off to Washington DC to talk to yif
the Wi-Fi think Knowles was there today
so it can all things could only get
better for them and nothing nothing
better than following knowles on state
but no I'm not looking forward to that
and of course the first thing I packed
this morning was my equipped toothbrush
because to a an electric toothbrush
cleans your teeth better than doing it
by hand it keeps your teeth clean and
bright and a quip is that the problem
with those electrics with residences
there's the size of canons
you can't carry them around with you you
got to plug them in all the time with a
quip none of that is true this thing is
a new electric toothbrush packs just the
right amount of vibrations into a
slimmer design at a fraction of the cost
of bulkier traditional electric brushes
quip also comes with a mount that
suctions right to your mirror or in my
case to my forehead and an unstick so
uses a cover for hygienic travel
anywhere whether it's going in your gym
bag or carry on it is going in my
carry-on and because the thing that
cleans your mouth should also be clean
quick subscription plan refreshes your
brush on a dentist recommended schedule
delivering new brush heads every three
months for just five bucks very
important quip starts at just 25 dollars
and if you go to get quick comm slash
Clavin right now you'll get your first
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush that's your first refill pack
free at get quip comm slash Clavin get
quip GE t qu IP comm slash Clavin yes
but we know how to spell get quip but
how do you spell Clavin
KLA VI n no ease in Clavin I just make
it look like it's easy that's it so you
know we went to Dodger Stadium last
night and we saw the ball game from this
beautiful suite they all took out it's
to celebrate the three year anniversary
of the daily wire it's the three years
since they signed the contract and then
it was another I don't know another
month or so before we actually started
recording podcasts in Jeremy boring the
god-king of the daily wire we recorded
podcast in the pool house in his back
back yeah it's like 15 minutes long and
I just gotten off a flight to England
and I was like basically dazed completed
dazed but what a ride what arrived this
thing has been this is now I mean Ben is
now a superstar the place the daily wire
is like just a one of the most powerful
conservative sites in this three years
this is why we call Jeremy the god king
right I mean we don't quit there's not
for nothing that we call on that because
it really is really he really has been a
genius in men in fact manufacturing this
thing and the other thing is it's really
everything comes down from the top right
and the people in this place with the
exception of Rob you know we just we
just yeah we endure him but like but
everybody the people in this place are
shown I mean is this true I'm not I'm
not just making this up this is like the
happiest place on earth it's like
Disneyland and that also comes from the
south that also comes from Jeremy's
ability to hire people into spot not
just people who do a good job but also
who are nice we're just nice people
really important and you know the other
thing by the way I noticed that the
Dodgers did you roses the people at
Dodger Stadium who run the place who
work there they are so nice you know
which always whenever like whenever I am
actually talking to real human beings
whether they're on the left of whether
they're on the right I'm always struck
with the fact that people in this
country this is one of the nicest
countries you will ever see in Europe
they make fun of us for being so nice
they really do they talk about the fact
that they when they moved built a Disney
World in France they said well what are
we gonna do without nice American people
you know you know we don't have any nice
people in France which was true and so
and so that really the people in this
country are so nice and that is why I I
really feel when people start talking
about all we're all divided and all this
stuff really the division is between a
couple of people who work in the
entertainment and television industry
and everybody else because I think
everybody else we could get along if we
sat down and talked to each other we
could find ways forward it's that lady
in the
New York Times writing about the fact
that you're a racist if you make a joke
about Obama talking about her yesterday
you know it's that kind of thing that
really dry makes people suspicious of
one another completely unnecessarily
because I do believe there's a lot less
hatred in this country than there are in
most of the countries I've been in and
I've been in a lot of them and I just
think there's that's so much this is in
our imagination
what was the oh yes the other thing I
want said we have a video recently on
Twitter some people have been picking on
my theme songs and I've tried to explain
to him to them that if you don't like my
theme song it is because you are wrong
this is the reason if you don't like the
theme song of this show you are wrong
because it is the greatest podcast theme
song so yesterday there was a meeting to
sort of celebrate the successes of The
Daily wire and they played a video the
making of the clayvin theme song in
which Candice now Bennett Candice
Bennett was doing the background Noel's
I think had a part I think he did the
yulya lating big Muslim that we kill in
the middle of it and I've actually lost
a friend who wrote me a letter saying I
hate the fact you blow up a woman in
this video isn't we blow up everybody
you know do you want me to leave the
women out yeah so you know in every
moment every moment of a successful
story like the story of the daily wire
there's one moment where everything
comes together just right to set the
tone for success and this was it I just
want to show you this video the making
of the Clavin theme song
so you know this this Paul Manafort case
is really fascinating because of the way
by the way I just want I just wanted to
put that up there if you hate the song I
wanted to play it twice to drive you
insane that way that's why I play that
again
so the Paul Manafort case is really
interesting because it is part of this
imaginary world that the press has us
living in or is trying to have us living
in where this you know this vast
conspiracy surrounds the Trump campaign
the way I read Donald Trump is I read
Donald Trump as I have said this many
times and Trump is a guy who learns
stuff right he's a guy he doesn't just
read a lot I don't think but he learned
stuff when he is thrown into a situation
he learns about and this is what he said
was gonna happen and I think it has and
I think it is happening and when he
started out he was hiring people who
could not do the job and one of them was
Paul Manafort Paul Manafort is a guy
that I don't really have a lot of good
feeling about I think he you know the
fact that they could get him on tax
fraud and all this stuff probably means
there's something there we don't know
we'll see what happens at the trial I
don't think they were after him for that
I think they went after him for being
associated with Donald Trump I think
this investigation is very looks to me
to be we've been very tainted by guys
like John Brennan and James clapper and
James Comey who seemed to have organized
an investigation that started way before
they say it started but I think that
it's interesting to watch how the
imagination of the press is is
constructing this but before we do this
let's bring on Jenna Ellis because I
want to talk to her about the best she
is of course she's he's on here a lot
almost as much as me she's the director
of the Dobson Policy Center she's an
accomplished constitutional law attorney
and also has a background in criminal
law contracts public policy leadership
and ethics and she is the author of the
legal basis for a moral Constitution a
guide for Christians to understand
America's current constitutional crisis
and I now
actually have my own copy of this book
which is finally arrived and I will I've
just started it and I'm not deep enough
in it to uh to talk about Jen are you
there I am you feel dimension I signed
it for you I did I was very touched
thank you so explain what what did they
get mana for Don this is they put a
special council out and he's his brief
is to go after Russian collusion and the
Trump campaign and this has nothing to
do with it it has nothing to do with
this whatsoever and and in both on the
state and federal level I mean there are
always prosecution's daily for actual
crimes that don't ever get in front of
the news and so the fact that they're
going after him for something like tax
fraud and other types of fraud
conspiracy all this those aren't
specifically unique charges in the sense
that you know this happens daily but I
think you're totally right Andrew that
if it but for his connection very very
briefly to the Trump campaign we
wouldn't be hearing about this in the
news at all and he probably would not
even be charged and that's what's
incredibly significant here is that
affirm Mueller especially to be the one
leading this type of investigation for
something that had absolutely nothing to
do with with his his special prosecution
well outside the scope this just shows
that he's trying to justify his
existence right now rather than just
saying I'm closing the investigation
because I didn't find any leads there's
no collusion with Russia at all and
that's what a prosecutor is actually
supposed to do with an investigation is
investigate and it's fully okay to say
we didn't find anything we're closing it
do you think he'll do that how do you
feel how do you feel when you see this
it does make me feel you know you said
you set a dog after on a trail he's
gonna find a trail you said a prosecutor
after criminals he's gonna find
criminals does this tell you anything
about the investigation this metaphor
charges it doesn't and I think that when
prosecutors are have that mindset in
that orientation of there's always a
crime somewhere that's a really
dangerous ground for a prosecutor I used
to be a prosecutor and then I was a
criminal defense attorney
for a while I still occasionally
practiced in that area and when you have
the philosophy of prosecution that we're
going to charge something that becomes
really dangerous and frankly outside the
scope of the higher ethical
responsibilities of a prosecutor so
Mueller's under a lot of pressure to
find something and again to justify his
existence and so this really to me is a
trial that is testing whether or not the
jury there in Arlington Virginia likes
Trump or not that's not really the issue
here and that shouldn't be the issue it
shouldn't have nothing to do in the
media with the Trump campaign at all I
mean the charges are completely
absolutely irrelevant to anything
related to Russia or Trump but we're
seeing this in the news and this has
dominated the headlines literally just
because at his very brief connection to
Trump and that's frankly not that that's
irresponsible to Manafort himself
because if you're being prosecuted
Andrew for example just because you have
you know a brief connection with a
friend that that is now in the political
context and so now they're going after
you for something years and years ago
that's more of a political hit job than
it is actually a prosecutor doing their
ethical job so I think what the
president tweeted this morning in terms
of just saying you know close the
investigation and it was not a call on
attorney general Jeff Sessions to do
that he said session should close a
message that's on a command that's just
saying he should close that and and I
think that's absolutely fair and
accurate because because they're not
coming up with anything that they were
assigned to do you think this is just
evidence of that I have to go back for a
minute go ahead I'm sorry well I was
gonna say I mean we don't even know the
full scope of his investigation we don't
know any of the evidence but if there
was something after there's so much
pressure on him to actually do something
and have these types of diamonds if this
is the only thing he can come up with
and this Manafort trial is the big win
for him out of his full investigation
then that just shows there's absolutely
no other you know the the judge said I
was I was surprised to hear you say that
you think the jury is going to decide
this to some degree on their feelings
about Trump the judges said base
I don't want to hear about Trump in this
trial because he's not involved and he
really did
smack Muller once for saying saying you
know this it's basically what you're
saying now but for saying you only came
up with this because you're after Trump
do you actually think the jury might
just say look we're not gonna yes he may
have hidden the money may have committed
bank fraud but we're not gonna do
anything about it because it's not fair
do you think that's a possibility
that's absolutely a possibility I mean
juries are sacrosanct in the sense that
they go back into their deliberation
room and how they weigh and interpret
the evidence is is up to them they are
the fact finders and so they are given
all of the evidence they are given the
jury instructions and then they decide
based on the facts in the law that
they're given and so no one really would
know is there that potential bias that's
what jury selection is supposed to
elicit the fact that jury selection in
this case only took one day was actually
surprising to me as a attorney I have
had felony cases that you know nowhere
close to being in the news that jury
selection has taken you know two to
three days or even longer than that just
because of the nature of the case so to
find you know six men and six women who
who have said you know clearly suit to
the court in the court is accepting that
they can be fair and impartial in this I
hope that they will and I hope that a
judge Ellis who by the way I don't know
that there's any relation to me but it's
a good last name that the judge has been
very very clear to say stay on the
relevant topic as it relates to the
charges that's a good thing but we don't
know at this point and I don't know I
wasn't there in jury selection to know
whether or not the jurors have heard
about this in the news whether they're
taking that and their life experience
and with them and whether or not they'll
decide it based on interesting actually
I have to ask you before I let you go
about Brett Kavanaugh of it to my
surprise this process where he goes
around meeting the senators this is
obviously Trump's pick for the Supreme
Court has been kind of quiet I mean it's
not that the Democrats have been quiet
about it's that the press has not been
over covering it it's a slow news summer
pretty much since Helsinki anyway that's
a week of slow news now constitutes an
entire summer and the Trump
administration but but it's been quiet
how do you feel this is going
tracking this yeah I think it's going
really well and that's probably why we
haven't heard you know CNN and some of
the other outlets kind of squawking
about it because it Cavanaugh represents
himself incredibly well he is extremely
qualified in looking at a conformation
that will happen likely right before the
midterms
president Trump made a really great
selection because nobody can say
anything about I mean the mainstream
media tried and the best they could come
up with was that in college he liked
ketchup on pasta and his name sounds
like a frat boy I mean in depth all that
they can come up with then you know that
he's doing incredibly well meeting on
the hill with sinners even some of the
Democrats and for them to push back just
on a political partisan issue that's not
their job they have to look at whether
he's fundamentally competent and once
the confirmation hearings actually start
and you know of course those will be
live-streamed we'll all get to see that
I think that'll be in the news but all
that Cavanaugh has to do is just stay
you know very straight on target he has
to just show why he is absolutely
qualified for this and if they make a
fit about it then that's really trying
to score cheap political points instead
of looking at him for the qualified
person that he is do you think he'll
have any trouble with the liberal
Republicans you know like I don't think
yeah no I don't think so because he's
had a very clear record since 2006 that
he has stayed in an originalist alene
and to me as a constitutional law
attorney myself that's actually a really
really great thing because why not
trying and we shouldn't be trying no
neither side to get activists on the
court we want to have fair umpire so use
a baseball analogy someone that isn't
wearing the Hat of either team they are
fairly calling balls and strikes and so
we don't want an outcome-based court
like it has been for the past you know
40 even 60 years on the court we want
someone who will fairly stay in the
constitutional lane analyze the issues
and apply facts to the law and uphold
the Constitution and so I think that the
the GOP even those that are maybe a
little bit more liberal Republicans will
recognize that and they would have a
very difficult time justifying a no vote
Jen Ellis thank you so much for coming
on it's always great to see you director
of the Dobson Policy Center I'm started
your book and when I
I will ask you to come back we can talk
about sounds good looking thanks a lot
so I have to play how CNN is reporting
you know yeah
like I said they're there fighting for
your imagination all the time that's
what they're fighting I want you to
think about it as it's in your
imagination and Jim Acosta was went to
Tampa for the Trump rally in Tampa
Florida and he starts talking about the
Russian investigation and off the manna
for trial and just it's just by the
first minute of this this is a cut six
with the Muller investigations first
trial now underway president Trump and
his lawyers seemed to be cooking up a
new defense slogan of their own the
president will hold by the way a
campaign rally shortly it down in Tampa
Florida Wow let's go there our chief
White House correspondent Jim Acosta is
already on the scene for us so Jim
what's the latest well president Trump
is in Florida night to do some
campaigning ahead of the midterm
elections but the president and his team
are still busy trying to get their story
straight on the Russia investigation mr.
Trump is now echoing his lawyers who
have gone from saying there was no
collusion during the 2016 election to
insisting that collusion is not a crime
after all breezing past the cameras on
his way to Florida President Trump
appears to have a new strategy for the
Russia investigation ignore questions
from reporters while spinning up a new
defense where he shielded from outside
scrutiny tweeting collusion is not a
crime it's a notable leap from the
president who has repeatedly claimed
there was no collusion with the Russians
during the 2016 campaign if you couldn't
see that they put the tweet up on the
camera and the camera says there was no
collusion but that it is the the tweet
says collusion is not a crime but that
doesn't matter because there was no
collusion and there's a Kosta lying to
you the saying he's changed not saying
this anymore
while it's right there on camera I mean
the guy can't even and then he talks
about Trump getting his story straight
Acosta can't get his story straight and
the other thing of course is the whole
report starts off with with the Paul
Manafort trial starting you know the
Russian investigation
you know the Paul Manafort trial it may
be an out may have he may have been
caught up in this and as Jenna said he
wouldn't probably have been caught up in
it if he hadn't worked for Trump but it
has nothing happened before he worked
for Trump it was about the Ukrainians
the people who were involved with the
Podesta's it was Tony and John Podesta
who were the part of the Clinton
campaign it is amazing to me now that
that has been passed on to that has been
referred to the New York federal
Attorney so maybe we will see something
on that I don't know Tucker Carlson was
saying that they've been offered
immunity but that hasn't been proved yet
we don't say I have to play what
happened next that with this acosta
thing is the group of Trump supporters
saw Acosta and they accosted him because
of costing Acosta is what you want to be
doing at a trump rally it's pretty funny
the White House closed out the month of
July without holding a briefing for
reporters today that means the White
House has held only three briefings for
the press this month an eighth total
since the end of May there is no other
way describe what the White House is
doing these days with top officials
including the president are hiding from
the press
and won't just to give you a sense as to
what's happening right now you can hear
there is a chorus of boos and other
chants of this Trump crowd here in Tampa
Florida they are saying things like CNN
sucks go home and fake news wolf
obviously all of those things are false
we're staying right here we're gonna do
our job and report on this rally to all
of our viewers here tonight this has a
fact check when he said all those things
were false CNN sucks actually it's true
that was about that part is 100% true so
costly just got that wrong now it cost
the tweets after this he's whining about
this this is the guy who's I mean his
reporting is so unfair it is so biased
so one-sided and that's beside the
shouting questions given the shouting
questions he wants attention he wants to
be Sam Donaldson
okay fine shout your questions be a rude
little man but that's not the point you
know I I have look I want I would like
Trump to be treated like any politician
roughly if it hadn't been for the eight
years of Obama being you know ascending
into heaven and being worshipped and the
reporters chanting Obama Obama it
wouldn't bother me so much if they were
attacking Trump but it just bothers me
the difference it's just that it only
applies to one person so you know it is
one thing the Acosta's report
is lousy it is lousy it is biased that
is one-sided
he takes makes no attempt to see the
world from the people who support the
position of the people who support from
and then he goes out after they shout at
him as he so richly deserves I don't
like I don't like to see reporters being
harassed I do not I do not like to see
the press being harassed calling Acosta
a reporter borderline misuse of the
English language but even so
but now Acosta says he tweets out just a
sample of the sad scene we faced at the
Trump rally in Tampa I'm very worried
that the hostility whipped up by Trump
and some in conservative media will
result in somebody getting hurt
we should not treat our fellow Americans
this way the press is not the enemy
I mean like I said I guess had the other
day
the only real violence that's been
committed has been a bit against Trump
supporters and against Republicans and
against Trump administration people have
been hounded out of restaurants and all
of that is keyed off to the rhetoric
coming out of places like CNN so I do
not understand I'm I am perfectly happy
to see Trump stop calling the press the
enemy of the people I'd like to see not
see reporters get harassed but you know
it goes both ways when he tweeted this
when he when Acosta tweeted the scene
mark Caputo of Politico tweeted back
about the people who were shouting at
him if you put everyone's mouths
together in this video
you'd get a full set of teeth and then
when somebody said you know that's not
really that funny a joke he said well
they're garbage people they're garbage
people I get so that's the way the press
feels about the people what I'm sorry
but why exactly are the people supposed
to say oh you're the press you know we
respect you I do not get it
I do not get it it is all happening in
their imaginations if they would stop
and ask themselves what has Trump done
that is corrupt what has he done that is
authoritarian what has he done that is
violating the norms of the constitution
they would finally they really have a
hard time coming up with anything anyway
a lot more to talk about but first but
now we're gonna go to the mailbag we got
to say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
but if you come on over to the daily
wire.com
and subscribe you can watch this entire
show rights just streams right on the
site isn't that right I've got that
right yeah it streams right on the show
and you can ask questions in the mailbag
all your problems solved answers
guaranteed correct and will change your
life now and then for the better come on
over to the daily wire comm all right
the mailbag yeah we should have we
should have a video of how that was
created yeah from Brett he says good day
mr. Clavin I guess this is coming from
Australia oldest and wiser drink oldest
and wisest drinker of leftist tiers
among the people first I would like to
say thank you for the work you do just
listening to your advice has made me a
better person and more importantly a
better husband even if you haven't
completely convinced me of religion from
my agnostic perspective yet at it
I'm thank you for that that's really
nice to hear my question is about
resolving some of the mentally heavy
situations I find myself dealing with I
do security and some of the things I've
dealt with are beginning to shake me I
have found for suicides the last of
which was a 19 year old girl and I can't
wrap my head around what would push
someone so young to that extreme and sad
and it is wearing on me to the point
where I'm actually taking some of my
stress to other jobs for example this
weekend I'm looking after a drag queen
reading books to young children and it's
making me unreasonably angry not just
because it's specifically designed to
introduce children to the LGBT community
at such a young age the target age is
around 4 to 7 but because if they want
to go to the diversity route why
wouldn't they feature an actual gender
person instead of just a man in a dress
hey you know the world is a tragic place
and in if you're gonna be happy I've
talked to Dennis Prager about this as
well if you're gonna live a joyful life
you can't live a happy life because
you're happy according to whether happy
things happen but you live a joyful life
a life full of gratitude and
appreciation and and vitality you know
you can say like even in this moment of
struggle I am alive and that the
struggle is is making me bringing me to
a new plane in order to live that life
you have to understand the life that the
world is a tragic broken place it is a
tragic broken place and when I say that
those words don't convey the appalling
nature you know it's appalling when old
people die when somebody you've known
for 50
sixty seventy eighty years lives a great
life lies down and passes on even that's
appalling
that we disappear from this earthly
plane so completely but when of course
when a 19 year old takes his life and
you know the thing is that teenagers in
a lot of ways are more in danger of
suicide because they don't have
perspective so you're in a place of
Darkness if you are I and to replace of
darkness we know hey you know that life
stretches out I'm in this part of the
tunnel but there's light at the end of
the tunnel a young person has never seen
the tunnel I remember the time that I
contemplated suicide when I want to go
back in time and just slap that kid
because I was weeks away from having a
lot of breakthroughs in my life and
turning my life around
and yet I thought I was in hell I
thought I was in at the very edge of the
tunnel I was right there and I didn't
know it not is sitting there thinking
about ending my life it is it is tragic
it is tragic and it is also evil and
corrupt you know people who are corrupt
have to corrupt other people they have
to do it because otherwise they look in
the mirror and they they will see
themselves if they look in our eyes and
we disapprove of them that's why there's
such a push when they say oh transgender
people are fine or homosexuality is fine
not preaching about whether this is good
or bad but if you feel bad about
yourself you cannot allow even one
person to say you know what I think this
is immoral what you're doing I think
it's wrong because you already feel it
so deeply and so you've got and who try
and spread this doctrine that will irate
you think that if you can just erase all
the bad feelings about you from the
world you'll feel good about yourself
but of course that's not true it's
coming from within you have to feel good
about yourself first and then people
will start to respond and start to ask
you questions so listen you're gonna
have to you know that this is part of
part of the world is coming to grips
with us coming to terms with it without
letting it bug you when I was a kid my
hero was Philip Marlowe the tough guy
private detective from the Raymond
Chandler books and he wrote a very
famous passage you've all heard the
expression means streets it comes from a
Raymond Chandler passage where he wrote
about who this hero was and he said down
these mean streets a man must go who is
not himself mean and I remember this
made a tremendous tremendous impression
on me when I was a kid
that was what it meant to be a hero down
these mean streets a man must go who is
not himself mean and so you have to pass
through corruption as a security guy
you're gonna see it I know you're gonna
have to pass through corruption and
tragedy without becoming yourself
depressed or corrupt and that's your job
and if you do that if you do that you
will find that you draw to yourself
people who want to see that you don't
have to preach to them you'll they'll
just come to you and so that's actually
the assignment you've been given by God
I know you say you don't believe in him
yet but he's there he believes in you
and he's given you that assignment and
so that's something you should work on
in yourself because it will make your
life more joyful you but first you're
gonna have to accept that this is real
that's it's tragic and it's corrupt
there really is and I'm you know I'm
sorry it's tough to deal with from
Stephan dr. Clavin Lord of the
multiverse and destroyer of your enemies
that that's also that is my business car
that is exactly what you answered a
question a few months ago I asked about
my opioid addiction stemming from an
injury I received as a firefighter I've
had a hard time getting and staying
clean but with the help of my wife
prayer and the lessons I take from your
podcast about joy and gratitude I can
say that I am now on the right path
that's very touching that's great to
hear I really appreciate that hearing
your response to my question set things
in motion I honestly know in my heart
has saved my life I owe you everything
for that I cannot begin to tell you how
grateful I am to you well I'm really
grateful for you letting me know I mean
there's very little in life that I take
seriously I take that seriously it means
a lot to me thank you my question is why
do you think we do things that continue
to hurt those around us in ourselves and
why does it take so long ever for many
to get the help they need thank you
again for everything Steve yeah it's
again it's a broken world it really is
and it is amazing it is amazing what
people will do to themselves and it is
amazing that when you speak to them as a
friend they will change everything
except the one thing they're doing that
is hurting the most you know there's a
passage I won't read it to you but
there's a passage in my novel Empire of
Lies where he talks about what he calls
the road to disaster and how many times
he's gone to a friend and they come to
him they say everything's going wrong
and he says well stop going down the
road to the disaster they say no I can't
do that I can't do that but I'll do
anything else you said no no we're the
thing the one thing you have to do is
stop
going to stop taking the drug stop
drinking so much stop cheating on your
spouse you know that's the one thing you
got it yeah I can't do that what else
can I do
you know it's always that one thing and
that's because we're we're sinful we're
broken you know and it's like you can
explain that religiously as I do that we
have become separated from God and that
this kind of piles up through history or
you can find some other way of saying it
but it's just true that what we want to
do we don't do what we know we need to
do we don't do and it is part of the the
it is part of what why you need
forgiveness and love in your life that
is what you have to love and forgive in
other people and in yourself and in
yourself it is amazing it is amazing I
cannot tell you how many times I got
pray to God and suddenly realize oh my
god I'm doing it again I'm doing that
stupid thing I do again you know it
happens to me all the time when you see
it in other people that's what should
give you forgiveness and love for them
because you know you're doing it too it
is just part of being a broken human
being not to get that this depressing
I'm sorry but I'm from Haynes Sir Andrew
lots of it Sir Andrew of thoughts Vil I
like that
what new or trendy music do you enjoy
not everyone can only listen to
classical works of music like a nerd
Koff bin I don't know who you're talking
about
you know it's funny I I really love the
music that I really love is swing and
kind of like jazz music what is called
the American Songbook I love the songs
with Cole Porter I love the songs of
Gershwin of you know all those guys the
Sinatra and Bing Crosby and all that
music and that's what I love to listen
to as well as classical music which I
also love when I I don't like modern
there's like I mean I don't think it's
very good you know and so when I listen
to it what I listen to is light pop and
like country I mean that's what I listen
to and I want something mindless to sort
of you know play background as I'm
driving in my car or something like that
I will listen to Rascal Flatts I like I
mean I like the guys from the 70s and
80s the folk singers like James Taylor
and Paul Simon I like them I like people
like you know the early I know she's
kind of become a joke but what's hernán
Taylor's for the early Taylor Swift I
thought her
early songs were really touching and
good so that's the kind of I just feel
Papa's kind of mindless and if I want to
listen to something mindless I want it
to be you know tuneful soft and not
offensive and that's what I'll put on in
the background when I listen to modern
stuff I do like the guys that I do like
her guys who do something different like
the pentatonix I really like them I
think they broke up did they break up
yeah I'm not sure but they I really
think that they're terrific and I like
people with real musical chops like that
who bring up Jason Mraz I think is a
really good jazz guy and so those guys I
actually do like a little bit more than
the rest from Matt Dear Leader Clavin
for the past few years I have suffered
from depression
I had steadily been getting better until
a few months ago when my wife miscarried
conceiving is very difficult for us and
we'd spent nearly a year and doctor's
office trying to get pregnant the
month-long roller coaster of joy from
learning I would be a father to the
utter devastation of learning I would be
we wouldn't be destroyed me and it broke
my heart for my wife because being a
mother is the only thing she's ever
wanted to be and as hard as this may be
to believe drink myself and whisky every
night isn't helping matters any advice
you may have to give on how to handle
the strategy and the reality that I may
never be a father would be greatly
appreciated I'm not particularly
religious but I'm willing to try
anything at this point Matt first well
I'm really sorry it's you know it always
gets me when people talk about abortion
that the the baby isn't a real person
anybody who's ever had a miscarriage or
been through something or been close to
someone who's had a miscarriage knows
that when you lose your baby you've lost
your baby and it is a tragedy and a lot
of times a lot of times because no one's
seen the baby no one's experienced the
baby they they don't connect with you
they don't realize how much grief you're
in so so first of all you got to
separate two things you've suffered from
depression and I don't know what that's
about I hope you're getting help for
that and not just drugs I hope you're
actually discussing where that comes
from but you got to separate that from
what you're feeling now which is grief
grief is a natural normal reaction to
something tragic happening that is what
you feel when something tragic happens
it is enormous ly painful I've been
through it most people have been through
some version of it this is you what you
are in grief and of course your wife is
in grief and she of the two of you she
will get most of the sympathy but you
also are grieving first
you got to stop drinking you got to stop
it just like that all of it I mean that
I love booze man I love me some booze
and I will I'd love to drink and I keep
it under tight control because I know I
love it but when I'm in a situation like
this I just stop you just got to stop
because as you say it is not gonna help
it's gonna make things worse I know it
makes things it's probably the most
effective antidepressant on the planet
it makes things better in the moment
that you do it but it makes everything
worse is you just got to stop I have
said this before but I say it again
grief is a desert it has to be crossed
on foot it there's is it takes time that
is what gets you through grief and the
important thing about while you're
getting through grief is you are
actually traveling across an expanse you
have to picture it that way you're
traveling across a barren painful ugly
expanse ok and the question is where are
you going where are you going because
these are the things that will make you
who you are tomorrow and you want to
come out obviously with more love more
wisdom more bitterness more compassion
for your fellow man because that is
going to give you more joy than the
other on the other side for me in
periods of grief God is like my guiding
star I just keep my eye on him and I
keep moving toward him and slowly you
get across it sucks what happened to you
sucks things happen in life that suck
this is one of them and and I think that
you have to just cross it you got to lay
off the booze cross it get help if you
need it obviously you shouldn't you know
there's grief counseling there's books
on grief to get through it then you've
got to start dealing if you had you said
you were getting better on the
depression so I'm assuming that either
it's something you're getting beyond or
you're getting treatment for it but
don't confuse these two things this is a
normal typical reaction the correct
reaction to something really sad that
happened to you and you're gonna be sad
for a while and you what the what you
want to do is look at it as a journey
and the question is where are you going
where are you going try to head toward
compassion forgiveness love and joy and
I think you'll find that and then if if
you don't believe in God before when you
get to that station you will because
you'll see him face to face from Bob to
the good lord Clavin master of most
things mostly no idea what that means I
have a question as a
hopeful author both a fiction series and
some nonfiction books I have always been
told if I want to write I should have a
steady job on the side that's you know
that's whenever they ask me what your
advice is for young writers I said what
you know that you'd become a lawyer like
my mother wanted me to be you know
alright job and I try but I'm 28 with a
part-time job going back to school for
another degree I'm hoping you won't
waste my money and I have commitments
almost weekly for both friends and
family who I love dearly how can I
organize all of this and still write it
feels like every time I get started I
have to start over again which not only
breaks my concentration but wreaks havoc
on my motivation it frustrates me to the
point of being angry with everyone but
God sometimes I have trouble even making
time for him which just makes me sad
I've never been good at time management
and right now at all it all seems like
it's about to overwhelm me all I've ever
wanted to do is pray and write how can I
get myself on the right track alright
first of all big red line that comes out
of here big red sentence that pops out
of me is I've never been good at time
management it's like what the hell does
that mean get good at it teach yourself
to be good at it what do you think
that's a talent born from God you know
it's like that's something you learn how
to do you learn how to do it one day at
a time one hour at a time time
management is everything your life is
made of time every day is made of time
you want to use every minute the unfill
the unforgiving minute with sixty
seconds worth of distance run all right
so here are two pieces of writing advice
first of all you've got to support
yourself that's just it you got to
support yourself whatever you do however
you do it you got to you got to pay the
rent and you got to eat you can't live
off other people you got to do it
yourself so that's something you're
gonna have to do while you become a
writer here are two pieces of advice
that one was formative for me Raymond
Chandler I was talking about before said
for four hours every day you should do
nothing else but right you don't have to
right but you can't do anything else sit
at your in his day was a typewriter but
sit at your computer and don't and write
or do nothing that means turning off
everything now four hours is a lot I
used to do it it's how I built my
discipline it's how I built my career
but Elmore Leonard another very famous
crime writer said you know what wake up
one hour earlier one hour and before you
do anything else he said including
coffee but I'm not sure I could do that
but I would
have the coffee wait for one hour 60
minutes right and in an hour yeah I'm a
slow writer but you should be able to
write at least a page if you write a
page a day after the end of 300 days you
got a book right so make that time and
then once you've done it go for the rest
of your day you know make that time in
the morning wake up earlier this I
always say there's almost no problem
that can't be solved by waking up
earlier wake up earlier do your hour of
writing and then go into your day and do
the rest of the things you have to do
because you're a human being with a life
right if if you Elmore Leonard used to
say he always knew who was gonna succeed
by the people who took that advice if
they took that advice if they started
saying I can't do that I can't you know
I am bad at time management it's like
don't say stuff like that what does that
mean I'm bad at time management doesn't
mean anything it just means you're not
managing your time manage your time and
then you'll be good at time management
if you get that hour in a day you'll be
shocked at how much you produce it won't
be enough it'll feel like you want more
when you start to make a living off it
then you can do it more alright that's
that amount of time you gotta exercise a
lot of questions left but it is time for
tickety-boo news I would he kept going
but I gotta catch a plane you know how
it was decided whether to put this we
have a segment on Monday our crappy
culture and a segment on Wednesday
called tickety-boo news was just
supposed to kind of offset each other
and I wasn't sure whether to put this in
one or the other and I'll tell you why I
did it in put it in tickety-boo News you
know Owen Benjamin is what we did an
interview he's got a new Praeger video
on the death of comedy and how the left
is filling as killing comedy but it's
not just comedy the nation a
left-leaning magazine ran a poem called
how to written by a guy named Anders
Carlson we and it was written in either
African American vernacular according to
his detractors or sot southern dialect
according to his supporters and it takes
the voice of a homeless individual
giving advice on how to receive help
from unkind and hypocritical strangers
and it goes like this
if you got H IV say AIDS if you a girl
say you're pregnant no one nobody gonna
lower themselves to listen for the kick
people passing fast splay your legs Kaka
me funny it's the little shames they're
likely to comprehend don't say homeless
they know you is what they don't know is
what opens a wallet what stop
from counting what they drop and it goes
on and on so of course the readers of
the nation went insane and this was
insulting and it was anti black and it
was home offensive to homeless people
and so many people are hurt they pull
this thing and they apologize for it as
poetry editors we hold ourselves
responsible for the ways in which the
work we select is received we made a
serious mistake by choosing to publish
this poem and the poet himself says to
all who have voiced questions and
concerns about my poem in the nation I
am listening closely and I'm reflecting
deeply I'm sorry for the pain I've got
so they're not just killing comedy
they're killing art altogether why do I
say this is tickety-boo news because you
need art pal and if they're not gonna do
it we can do it you know we've been
touting the fact that we're about to
start another Kingdom I you know I
haven't got time because I got to catch
this plane but I can tell your stories
about another Kingdom where we had to
fight to keep the stuff in another
Kingdom that is offensive to leftist and
we will not take it out and we're doing
it here at the Daily wire it's gonna
protect it for the podcast the book is
coming out from a company that has
backed me to the hilt
you know when people tried to re-edit
the book they stood up for me and they
will bring it out as it is that's the
first season's gonna come out as a novel
in March of next year
and we're doing the second season which
will be broadcasting start broadcasting
in September and so there's an opening
for us to take back the culture will we
do it well we're gonna do it here we're
gonna start it here and it's up to the
rest of you to keep it going I got to
catch a plane and go to yaf I will see
you tomorrow from Washington I'm Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
