Orrin Hatch good old Republican
conservative senator he says we need
kanaeva conventions for the culture and
I see where he's coming from he lays out
for ways that we can simmer down the
rhetoric in the culture war he makes the
good point with that we need to have a
culture war that culture wars are a
feature of democracy they're not a
problem with democracy you need to hash
out views on changing cultures among
people in a democracy but the he says
the rhetoric has gotten so crazy there
was an angry mob that cornered HHS
secretary Kirsten Nielsen the other day
at a VC restaurant there was a Virginia
restaurant that kicked Sara Sanders out
of there and said you won't serve you a
group of men screaming in a
transportation secretary Elaine Chows
face which is a huge mistake because
Elaine Chao is Mitch McConnell's wife
and cocaine Mitch is gonna find like
Pablo Escobar he's gonna track you down
and kill you buddy watch out I know he
has that that piece will face but it's a
lie that's right behind the turtle
smiles killers in and so anyway so that
is true there are all of these aspects
of this which should be a civil debate
that are becoming increasingly violent
increasingly aggressive but what Orrin
Hatch does is he says activists on both
sides need to tone down the rhetoric
tone down the tactics and agree to abide
by these protections the trouble is it's
all the left yeah it's not the right
this is not this is one of the things
that drives me so crazy about
conservatives who say look it's we both
need to calm down no we don't need to
both calm down one side is the aggressor
one side is defending here we've been
talking over the last couple weeks about
owning the libs whether or not we should
own the libs I'm giving a speech in DC
okay just a couple days on this topic
what orrin hatch seems to be suggesting
is unilateral disarmament here are his
four suggestions okay let's hear shield
communal spaces from politicization just
like schools hospitals churches and
other places are protected from strikes
in war okay that would be a good goal
I'd be also so what does that mean like
a restaurant or something a restaurant
or you know restaurants school actually
schools would work in both cases right
tone down the rhetoric but for the last
50 years schools have been the main area
that the left have tried to infect right
and to take over so that they can
control the culture the Obama
administration tried to force the
Catholic Church to pay for abortions and
abortion drugs the left tried to take
over health care that's a whole sixth of
the economy they've tried to invade
school hospitals so all of the places
who Orrin Hatch names the left has been
aggressively trying to take over for the
last and certainly the last 10 years and
really the last 50 I mean you're hitting
on a bigger point too which is that
inherently our philosophy is leave us
alone
so we're inherently on defense I mean
you know we don't we don't have to
attack people to be left alone it's you
have to attack us to get control over
our lives it's it's really the left that
is always on the aggression it is always
the aggressor because we just want to be
left alone that's exactly right and and
conservatives also do have a
conservative disposition broadly we are
not the aggressors here the left wants
to paint the right as the aggressors in
the culture war were the conservatives
we want to kick you know keep things
relatively conservative yeah the second
point Orrin Hatch makes is to resist the
politicization of everything he's
referring to sports you know the NFL
food tech companies all of these things
and and that would be very nice to who
politicized the NFL who politicized
chicken sandwiches at a fast-food
restaurant who politicized uber you know
during the Trump travel ban during the
first stage of that uber charged surge
pricing at airports because that's what
it's company does lyft decided that they
were going to virtue signal and say
we're not gonna charge surge pricing and
we're gonna take everybody around the
the left in America friends of mine made
a concerted effort they said we're not
going to use uber anymore that's for
conservatives we're going to use every
little bit who politicized plastic
straws was it the right I don't think it
was the right it was the left I mean
yeah you're knocking their biggest
contribution to the culture in the last
10 years is banning straw you know
that's that's what they think you know
Trump has solved the economy he's dialed
back regulation he's appointed judges
but they ban straw they ban straw
