but somewhere along the line we got it
into our silly little heads that
because we shouldn't discriminate based
on race and gender that means we
shouldn't discriminate based on anything
so we rightly did away with racial and
gender discrimination at the polls
we ran way too far in the other
direction and then we did away with all
forms of discrimination at the polls and
I think that's where we went wrong
we went way to the other end of the way
to the other extreme way too far
I think it's very clear
that voting should be a discriminating
process
and you absolutely should be subjected
to some forms of discrimination when you
go to vote in fact you're already
subjected to some forms of
discrimination at the polls that most
people agree should be there think about
age discrimination now there are some
people will want to lower the voting age
which I think it's a very stupid idea
but you rarely hear anyone say that we
should just get rid of the voting age
and anyone of any age should vote like
let's have 8 year-olds vote almost
everyone agrees that 8 year olds should
not vote now why why do we all agree
that an 8 year old shouldn't vote what's
the reason for that well the reason is
that 8 year-olds don't know anything and
they are not in any way whatsoever
contributing to society they are
entirely dependent on their parents so
let their parents vote but not them so
it's interesting what we all agree but
for that reason that's the reason that
eight-year-old shouldn't vote
but then we have to ask yourself are
there in America a significant number of
people
who essentially have the maturity and
intelligence of eight-year-olds
and who are about as self-sufficient and
who contribute as much to society as
eight-year-olds and if those people
exist should we allow them to vote and
if we do allow them to vote on what
basis do we stop at year-olds from
voting when they're basically the same
now remember something
our politicians you'll never hear a
politician say what I'm saying right now
for obvious reasons be probably
political suicide but also politicians
for the most part especially the bad
politicians they really love it when a
lot of people vote they want to get
those numbers up they want to drive
people to the polls right why is that
because they know that the majority that
that that I should say informed
intelligent mature voters are in the
minority and those are the scary ones to
the politician especially a bad
politician the bad politicians if you
are an informed mature intelligent voter
the bad politicians especially are
afraid of you and they hate you and they
would love it if they could stop you
from voting but they can't so instead
their plan is we're gonna take your vote
and we're gonna drown it in a sea of
stupidity we're gonna cancel it out by
having a bunch of ignoramuses vote so
that your vote no longer matters that's
why they like having high voter turnout
and that's why they're afraid of louver
toward voter turnout because when they
know that they know that when the voter
turnout is low that means that that that
it's going to predominantly be the
really invested and interested people
who voted
