gender roles for children are important
gender is connected with biology why is
it that primates like chimpanzees hey
males and females act differently and
have different genders is that because
of the patriarchy the monkey patriarchy
was it because of that
well apparently according to the BBC the
answer is yes according to the BBC all
gender is connected with social
stereotyping and so what they're going
to do is torture a few kids to make sure
that you know that you are actually a
sexist so they cut a video over at BBC
I'm so I'm sure taxpayers in Britain are
super thrilled that this is what they
spend time on here is here's the BBC
reporting on taking a couple of kids one
who's a boy and one is a girl and
switching their clothing and then
watching as adults treat them
differently right because adults are not
stupid enough to believe that boys and
girls are the same and this is Edward
who's dressed as a girl actually that
sophie is Edward ah change anything I
maybe thought this is a little girl so I
have to give a little girl things fellow
men hugely dominate career a surprising
maths spatial awareness our boys learn
better at these or is it nature or is it
nurture
the answer is its nature if I tell you
that he is actually a girl really yes oh
I like I like the ladies looking
disapproval like why would you do that
suppose it's because of the stereotype
and then that changed your behavior
towards the child it's it and your
behavior was quite generative surprised
say automatically win for their the pink
pink fluffy toy because as soon as a
girl so there's also stereotyping okay
this is so stupid
this is so stupid stop for a second okay
stop this is so stupid oh I wish I would
I thought it was more open-minded I
immediately went for the gender
stereotyped well you know why because
babies I have a girl I have a boy you
know what they prefer different toys
they prefer different toys my boy
prefers a lightsaber and smacking his
sister with it my girl prefers actually
sitting there and reading books and
playing with dolls okay
every so often she'll grab the sword and
smack her brother back but that's not
because but that's not because she
prefers that kind of toys there's such
there's deep social science about toy
preference okay it's so funny that they
I think it was Hasbro at one point
a gender-neutral dollhouse they tried a
gender-neutral dollhouse and you know
what they found
what they actually found is that the
girls were taking the dollies and
putting them to sleep and there be all
nice to the little dollies and the boys
were taking dollies and catapulting them
off the roof of the toy house because
boys and girls are different the only
reason my boy ever wants to play with
anything that my daughter has is because
my daughter has it that's legitimately
the only reason now is it bad to
reinforce these natural inclinations of
children no would be the worst thing in
the world of my kid want to play with a
doll my boy no why would I possibly like
try and steer him in the direction of
playing with dolls when that's not
something he wants number one and number
two when I think it is very important to
reinforce gender stereotyping I think
some gender stereotyping is quite good
not about what you can do and what you
can't my daughter can be a scientist my
daughter can be a doctor her mommy is
okay but it is important to recognize
that men and women are not the same when
trying to undermine this by confusing a
child is the stupidest thing I've ever
seen but I'm sure it makes you feel
better about yourself to believe that
you have this much control over the
world but you actually don't it turns
out that men and women are very
different in a variety of ways that
extend beyond genitals and the fact that
the left continues to propose this anti
scientific nonsense that boys and girls
are completely the same and that if we
just retrain woman's who'd be more
interested in engineering that suddenly
the gap would disappear it's just not
true it's just not true
