video floating around on Facebook that I
think was originally published last week
and it was another one of those Jimmy
Kimmel dumb guy on the street segments
and yeah these things get old after a
while because first of all we get it
right I mean there are a lot of idiots
in America we understand we get it you
don't need to keep proving it to us
we're on board we know yes
it's kind of depressing so I'm not
really in the mood to laugh about it
anymore maybe the first few times we saw
it we started seeing these videos was
kind of funny now it's just it's not
funny anymore it's just really sad and
and that's all and also we know that
these are not exactly this is not
scientific research here because anytime
you see one of these segments and the
implication obviously is oh we went down
to the streets and we had this really
simple question we couldn't find anyone
who could answer it correctly well no
you definitely found some people who
could answer correctly but you didn't
put them in the video because then it
the tracks from the humor and it
detracts from the point you were trying
to make the point is that people are
stupid so we get so that that all of
course is true however
as
as cynical as I am and as jaded as I am
by these dumb guy interviews this one
still jumped out at me and was even more
depressing than usual in this video
maybe you've seen it
people were ad they were given a map of
the world without any of the countries
named on it and they were asked to just
point to one country on the map just one
and it could even be their own country
and they were able to find that Jimmy
kills producers were able to find
several presumably literate and
presumably educated adults who could not
point to one country on the map not even
their own country now they were they did
find several people who pointed to
Africa which of course is not a country
but they were not able to find or or
they were able to find a number of
adults who could not point to one single
country and that is
that truly is incredible because if you
can't point to one country not that
means that you have zero knowledge of
geography that isn't it that's one of
the most basic academic subjects and you
have zero knowledge of it none I mean
it's incredible and
it brings me back back to a point that I
I have made many times and I will now
make again
and I know that this is you know when
you see these videos the first thing
that you think is wow these people vote
that's the really scary and depressing
thing is that these people can't point
to a country on the map yet they go and
vote and my point is and I know this
scene this seems very scandalous in is
very upsetting to a lot of Americans
with their modern sensibilities but I
really believe that we need to find some
way to legally stop these kinds of
people from voting we could see so many
improvements in our system in our
culture in our society if we could just
stop ignoramus
from voting
now if you're like the majority of
Americans then you probably labor under
the faulty assumption that everybody
should have the right to vote that this
is one of the most essential fundamental
rights and everyone should be able to do
it you may even think and I'm always
shocked when I encounter people like
this but there seems to be a popular
view that somehow America is improved
our society is improved by high voter
turnout and high voter participation
you always hear this in the media every
every every election season where but we
got to get the voting we got to get
voter turnout we got to get more people
involved more people voting doesn't
matter doesn't matter if they if they
have any knowledge that we just need to
get more people there we just need warm
bodies in the polls we just need people
voting they could be voting based on
absolutely nothing just we just need
them there this is this idea we have
it's somehow it's a it is an objective
good to just have a bunch of people
voting even if half of them have no idea
where they are they're just wandering in
in some kind of half drunks stupor it's
just it's good it's good because it's
participation in what other context
would we suggest that participation in
and of itself is like some kind of good
things as long as you're participating
doesn't matter what the reason is your
of your participation doesn't matter the
quality of the participation just
participate it should be of interest
that our founding fathers that would be
the people who came up with our system
they never had this idea in mind they
never they never construct that the best
way to run the country is to just have
everybody voting they only gave the vote
to landowners and of course that had the
effect of automatically disenfranchising
black people and women which is very bad
thankfully over the course of the light
of the of the you know the the next
century and a half voting has been
opened up to to to those groups and now
we no longer discriminate based on race
or based on gender which is great
but somewhere along the line we got it
into our silly little heads that
because we shouldn't discriminate based
on race and gender that means we
shouldn't discriminate based on anything
so we rightly did away with racial and
gender discrimination at the polls
we ran way too far in the other
direction and then we did away with all
forms of discrimination at the polls and
I think that's where we went wrong
we went way to the other end of the way
to the other extreme way too far
I think it's very clear
that voting should be a discriminating
process
and you absolutely should be subjected
to some forms of discrimination when you
go to vote in fact you're already
subjected to some forms of
discrimination at the polls but most
people agree should be there think about
age discrimination now there are some
people who want to lower the voting age
which I think it's a very stupid idea
but you rarely hear anyone say that we
should just get rid of the voting age
and anyone of any age should vote like
let's have 8 year-olds vote almost
everyone agrees that 8 year-olds should
not vote now why why do we all agree
that an 8 year old shouldn't vote what's
the reason for that well the reason is
that 8 year-olds don't know anything and
they are not in any way whatsoever
contributing to society they are
entirely dependent on their parents so
let their parents vote but not them
so it's interesting we all agree but for
that reason that's the reason that
eight-year-old shouldn't vote but then
we have to ask ourselves are there in
America a significant number of people
who essentially have the maturity and
intelligence of eight-year-olds
and who are about as self-sufficient and
who contribute as much to society as
eight-year-olds and if those people
exist should we allow them to vote and
if we do allow them to vote on what
basis do we stop at year-olds from
voting where they're basically the same
now remember something our politicians
you'll never hear a politician say what
I'm saying right now for obvious reasons
be probably political suicide but also
politicians for the most part especially
the bad politicians they really love it
when a lot of people vote they want to
get those numbers up they want to drive
people to the polls right why is that
because they know that the majority that
that that I should say informed
intelligent mature voters are in the
minority and those are the scary ones to
the politicians especially the bad
politicians the bad politicians if you
are an informed mature intelligent voter
the bad politicians especially are
afraid of you and they hate you and they
would love it if they could stop you
from voting but they can't so instead
their plan is we're gonna take your vote
and we're gonna drown it in a sea of
stupidity we're gonna cancel it out
by having a bunch of ignoramuses vote so
that your vote no longer matters that's
why they like having high voter turnout
and that's why they're afraid of louver
toward voter turnout because when they
know that they know that when the voter
turnout is low that means that that that
it's going to predominantly be either
really invested in interested people who
voted and those are the scary ones those
are the ones you don't want they want
the high voter turn and that's why
you'll even see like they're gonna
they're gonna you know organize
campaigns to have buses show up and just
you know like pick people up people that
are just laying on their couch watching
reality TV with cheeto crumbs on there
they're gonna send people in to lift
them up and carry them they could still
be in their pajamas doesn't keep staying
your pajamas we will lift you into the
poll carry you so you have to me so you
it requires no effort from you
whatsoever and we'll just bring you in
and we
we want those people to vote people who
otherwise would make no effort
whatsoever we want them from the
politicians perspective we want them in
the polls because those are the ones who
are easily manipulated and those are the
people who aren't going to hold us
accountable because they have no idea
what's going on now we may say that and
and I hear this a lot that well you know
it's it's it's it's our civic duty to go
vote it's a civic duty no not exactly or
it is but with qualifiers you see your
first civic duty is to be informed aware
invested and contributing so your first
if exhibit duty is to be an informed
aware invested contributing member of
society that is your first civic duty if
you have not completed that duty if you
have not completed step one then you
absolutely should not graduate the step
two which is voting
and it's crazy I think for us to say
that well even if you haven't done the
first thing you should definitely still
do the second thing what why your duty
is not to just vote your duty is to make
informed intelligent votes that's your
duty voting in and of itself is nothing
so all these people that I think they
put on they go vote based on nothing
they go vote based on like whose last
name they they think sounds good coolest
and then they put their I voted sticker
on and they say I voted you shouldn't be
proud of that you should be ashamed you
should be ashamed that you went and
voted based on nothing you should be
ashamed that you just cancelled out
somebody's informed vote just so you
could get a sticker it's shameful it's
embarrassing you didn't do your duty did
the opposite of your duty if you're not
informed if you're not aware of anything
if you can't point to a country on the
map if you don't know anything about our
system of government then your duty is
to stay home and not vote
and and then and then learn something
and then next time around go vote so
here I think we wanted to correct the
problem if we wanted to make some
improvement who if we wanted to make
drastic improvements to to admit to our
society in our system overnight I think
we could in state three changes and I
know that these three things will never
happen but I'm gonna suggest them anyway
the first two things I'll just say
quickly the first thing is I think we
have to get rid of early voting
you know we refer to voting gay in
reality it's more like voting weak or
voting month because it's it's too
ambitious I guess to expect citizens to
get to the polls during a particular 12
hour span and so we want to give people
the chance to just leisure leisurely
kind of saunter in and vote whenever
they want and you know we're trying to
make it as easy as possible for everyone
I think that that that's the wrong way
of going about it we want to make it a
little more difficult we want to require
people if they're gonna vote they got to
make some sacrifices they got to really
put it in their schedule we got it we
make it a little bit harder because that
way only the people who really care are
gonna vote and those are the only ones
we want voting the ones who really care
so if but I don't maybe we still allow a
day early today but if if if the only
way you're gonna vote is if you have
like a whole month to do it well then
you obviously don't care that much in
which case what's the point so I think
we do away with early voting I think the
second thing is is we only allow
taxpayers to vote that would be people
who are contributing only taxpayers can
vote and I would stipulate by the way
that we would include you know married
couples if if you're a married couple
then both can and at least one of you is
working then you can both vote right but
the point is we want people or
contributing or chipping in
and but more importantly is we want
people who have something at stake
because taxpayers they're the ones who
are really invested and they're the ones
who can get primarily screwed if we get
bad politicians in there
I think it's always been recognized that
it's a bad situation when people can go
to the polls and vote themselves money
right when they Quen they can vote for
benefits and entitlements for themselves
without having any skin in the game
whatsoever that's a bad situation
so when people who aren't contributing
at all to the public treasury when they
get to go to the polls and decide what
happens with everyone else's money I
think that's a bad situation um and then
the third thing and this this to me is
the most important thing and if we could
only do what one of the three
suggestions that I'm making right now
and again I know we'll do none of them
but if we could only do one I would say
we should require every voter to take
and pass a very basic fifth grade civics
exam just like ten questions fifth grade
level so you don't need to be a genius
you don't need to be an expert it's not
ap level stuff we're talking about it's
just it's just do you know are you
smarter than a 5th grader basically do
you know about as much about our system
of government as we would expect a ten
year old to know
and if you don't then obviously you
should be voting right if you think that
airplanes fly on pixie dust then you
shouldn't be in the cockpit
if youth if you don't know the the the
the right temperature 4 4 4 4 chicken if
you don't know what what what
temperature chicken is supposed to be
yet before it's consumed then you
shouldn't be cooking in a commercial
kitchen or any kind of kitchen not
really and in a similar way if you can't
name the branches of government then you
don't belong at a voting booth
I don't even think this is really a
debatable position this is just right
isn't this self-evident
if you lack even basic fundamental
knowledge about our government and about
our laws and about the current political
scene you should not be anywhere near a
polling station on voting day nothing
it's nothing personal and nothing
against you you're you're you are a
person equal in dignity and value to all
other people but your vote is not equal
in value your vote has no real actual
value because it's based on nothing
now I'm not suggesting that every voter
should have a degree in American history
or political science I'm just saying
that every voter should have a basic
grasp on
on the system that there that they are
now taking part in so I would suggest
just a simple 10 question quiz covering
some really basic questions and if you
answer let's say 7 out of 10 correctly
and you show your ID then you can vote
if you answer if you can only answer
let's say four to six questions
correctly then your voting privileges
will be suspended for let's say two or
three years to give you time to kind of
catch up and learn a few things and if
you can answer zero questions correctly
then you should be deported to Canada
sorry Canada that would be this that's
anyway if I were dictator of the country
that's the system I would have in place
maybe a more realistic goal would just
be answer seven out of ten correctly and
you can vote
think of now it'll never happen but
think about the changes that would occur
to our system
if just if something as simple as this
were unstated
if every person voting just had a
fifth-graders understanding of our of
our system and of the world think about
the changes and all of the changes would
be for the better I can't think of one
single negative change that would happen
because of this there'd be a lot of
negative changes for bad politicians who
are now being held accountable and of
course that's the reason why this will
never happen because it would require
politicians to come up with this idea
and in state at which they will never
ever do so we're kind of stuck with the
system as it is but I think it's it's
helpful to have this conversation
because it helps us understand you know
how voting is supposed to work
and and and what the point of voting
actually is and so that even if even if
there's never a system put in place to
weed out the ignorant people maybe at
least we can encourage people who know
that they are ignorant can encourage
them that when voting day comes around
just stay home until you have cured
yourself of your ignorance and then you
could partake in this wonderful thing
called voting
that's my suggestion thanks for watching
everybody thanks for listening Godspeed
you
