Clayton says hi Ben so Taylor Swift is
my absolutely fit my absolute favorite
artist no no I believe her musical
abilities rival that of great composers
such as BA Brahms and Mozart
Senya said you must have planted this
okay every day after the show if I don't
if I don't do my my ad reads the extra
ad reads that I have to do properly
after the show
Senya will play Taylor Swift in my ear
as a sort of Chinese water torture in
order to get me to do what she wants me
to do
she loves Taylor Swift yeah now that now
we're playing nothing why would you do
this
stop that stop it right now I have to
finish this show and if I die I will
finish the show God and you played the
worst of all of her songs bad blood with
Lena Dunham how dare you says could you
please tell me how much you love Taylor
Swift
thank you Shapiro 20 20 how much do I
love Taylor Swift let me count the ways
okay zero zero are the ways in which I
love Taylor Swift
