pick will be maybe a little bit of a
change of pace a couple of days ago at
the end of the show I mentioned a
horrific encounter that I had in an
elevator and and it was a horrific
encounter because someone spoke to me
someone made small talk and that's a
horrifying thing there's nothing worse
than small talk in an elevator in
because it's this enclosed quiet
environment where you cannot escape
sometimes you can't escape for up to you
know 20 to 30 seconds and that is 20 or
30 seconds of torture now I said that
when I am dictator of America I will
impose a new regulation forbidding any
conversation of any kind in an elevator
upon penalty of death and also requiring
that elevators elevator music must be
played in elevators so as to alleviate
the awkwardness of the silence now some
people emailed me after after that
discussion and they were very confused
and they said they said you know what's
the matter with small talk Matt are you
shy are you antisocial do you do you
hate people why do you hate small talk
so much it's pretty rude seems like a
pretty rude thing for you to not want to
make conversation with a person it's
pretty it's pretty rude that you don't
want to talk to somebody on an elevator
so on and so forth now what you find in
these responses is something that people
in my community that that my people okay
that would be introverts deal with
everyday we are we are painfully
misunderstood and that's even though I
assume half the country it's probably
comprised of introverts or at least a
very large percentage even so we happen
to live we live in a culture in a
society that is designed for and by
extroverts and so they get to define
everything they get to define us and
their definitions and their perceptions
of us are wrong so what I want to do for
a little bit of a respite from the
heavier topics is talk about
this strange sort of person called an
introvert and and and and how they
operate you know what it means to be
introverted and why we hate small talk
because I think this could be useful
half of you watching this will think
well this is a stupid useless topic but
the other half will think yes thank you
finally someone is explaining
the first thing is this
on a personal level yes personally I am
I am an introvert through and through
yet I give my opinions publicly for a
living I travel around the country I I
give speeches in front of crowds and I
don't dread
I don't dread public speaking you know
in fact I really enjoy public speaking
it's it's my it's it is my favorite
thing that I do professionally without
question in spite of the fact that I
would certainly qualify as an introvert
now this is only surprising to people
who don't understand introversion and
confuse it with shyness I'm not shy at
all I have no shyness to speak of which
is why I can get up in front of 500
people and talk to them and not only
have no problem with it but enjoy it so
there's no shyness yet there is
introversion
in fact if we're standing and for if we
were standing in a crowd of 500 people
and you said Matt I need you to go and
mingle and make a small to make small
talk with like five or six of those
people that's why I need you to do if
you told me to do that I would dread it
I would refuse I wouldn't want to do it
but if you told me Matt I need you to
get up in front of all of these people
on a stage and talk to them for an hour
I would say great I'd be super excited
to do it it reminds me of something that
reminds me of something that Jerry
Seinfeld once said when he was while he
was on stage doing stand-up he said I
can talk to all of you but I can't talk
to any of you and that's kind of what
it's like to be a non shy introvert
although there are shy introverts and
there are they're just like there are
shy extroverts as a matter of fact being
an introvert and if you think about the
term introverted it kind of makes sense
being an introvert means that you draw
energy from quiet from solitude from
being alone with your thoughts and your
imagination you like silence you like to
think interacting with people drains you
that doesn't mean that you hate
interacting with people or that you
never want to or that you want to be a
hermit out in the woods although there's
a certain part of me that would find
that appealing but it doesn't mean that
everyone want that all introverts would
like to be Hermits
it just means that you have a very
limited supply of of interacting energy
okay there's a there's there's you have
a finite supply of that kind of energy
for the day and so you prefer to use it
wisely you'd rather use it on for
instance one three-hour in-depth
conversation with a friend or maybe
giving a speech in front of a crowd or
something like that you'd rather use it
that way then on 95 different small talk
exchanges with strangers on elevators
and elsewhere now on the other hand an
extrovert draws energy from interacting
with people an extrovert feels most at
home talking to people he feels most
energized mingling
chatting and interacting and so on my
wife is this way my wife is uh is the
prototype of an extrovert
she loves talking to people she makes
friends everywhere she goes she'll go to
the grocery store and she'll come back
and tell me oh you know I met I met a
woman there she has twins too this is
the same ages are we're going on a
playdate on Tuesday and I'm like what
you made a friend running Aaron you made
a friend at the grocery store
you were gone for 32 minutes and you
made a friend in that time how why how
could this possibly happen it's it's to
me it's totally foreign that would never
happen to me ever but but it happens to
her all the time
so I'm married to an extrovert I respect
dr. verts I I feel that I understand
them but I don't think that the
extroverted approach is the only
acceptable one even though if even
though our society is kind of set up
demanding that of all of us I don't
think it really is the only acceptable
approach and the idea that it's rude or
bad or wrong to not be completely
sociable all the time is just ridiculous
the idea that you're required to talk
all the time to everybody everywhere you
are I find that that to be a ridiculous
idea
there are insurance or just different
sorts of people
and and to us to me speaking as an
introvert now you might think it's weird
that well why wouldn't you want to talk
to people it's a weird thing to me it's
weird
I hear people that say you know that
to them that the worst thing in the
world would be to go to a restaurant and
eat by themselves at a table like they
think that's the weirdest most
uncomfortable thing to me it's weird
that you think that's weird I'd do it
all I'm out traveling all the time I'll
go to restaurants I don't care I'll go
to a restaurant or ghetto you know it's
not even like I'll go to the bar oh I'll
get a table and sit by myself if I'm
traveling at a right had a sit-down
restaurant and eat it doesn't bother me
at all in fact I like it
it gives me time to just eat and drink
and think but there are people who can't
stand the idea that they fight they
would find that horrific to just be by
themselves eating somewhere so not
everyone's the same way everyone has
different personalities and different
approaches now let's head back to the
elevator the question is why don't I why
don't introverts in general if I may
speak for all introvert why don't we
enjoy small talk on elevators and
elsewhere in life and I'm going to try
to explain that now I'm going to explain
why small talk is the bane of an
introverts existence there are there are
three reasons okay number one most
importantly and this this is really the
main thing
it feels insincere
and as introverts we absolutely loathe
insincere conversation we hate it we we
we we absolutely hate it we're very bad
at it we have no interest in it we don't
like to talk to someone who we know
isn't really interested in the
discussion
and if this if the discussion is about
the weather or about traffic or some
other banal thing then we know that you
the other person in the conversation
that you are about as interested in what
we are saying as we are in what you're
what you are saying which is neither of
us are really interested so to us this
feels like a wasted interaction our
finite amount of people energy is being
depleted by this completely useless
exchange that is of no interest to
anyone concerned now here's the thing
despite popular belief it's not that we
hate talking abut we enjoy conversation
we enjoy meaningful conversation so we
want to get to know in a conversation
for us like we want to get to know the
other person we want to hear their
thoughts and their perspectives we want
to get an insight into who they are
we're very interested in that but if
they are not invested in the discussion
and they don't care what we are saying
and we don't really care what they're
saying because it's just it's it's a
it's a you know pointless
then we kind of shut down and we say
well there's just no point in this
conversation the same thing could happen
even in an even in an on small talk--
discussion if we if we think we're
having a meaningful discussion but then
we look like we're talking to you and we
think it's a meaningful conversation and
then we start sharing our point of view
and then we look at you and we see that
just Deadeye expression that kind of I
don't care at all about what you're
saying expression or we get that
exposure or we start to get the the
feeling it's one of those we started get
the feeling that that really this is one
of those conversations where you're just
waiting for your turn to talk and it
doesn't really matter to you what we're
saying the moment we start to sense that
then we just shut down we don't want to
have the conversation anymore because
it's not that we're offended or a
feelings are but it's just twice it's
pointless okay well you know no no hurt
feelings nothing personal but let's stop
at let's stop talking now there's no
point of us talking
now you might say
well you need small talk in order to
transition into the deeper subjects I
hear that all the time well this is this
is a necessary transitional thing to get
into deeper Z you need the small talk
portion of it but no see that's not how
we work that that's how you work as an
extrovert maybe but we don't
we would have no problem whatsoever just
jumping right into the deeper topic we
would jump right into politics or
religion or whatever without the
transition the transition from our
perspective the small talk part of it
that impedes conversation and gets in
the way of and puts off and interferes
with the more meaningful interaction
and if we're in an environment where no
meaningful conversation could possibly
occur because there's just no time for
it or it's not the place for it like an
elevator then we just as soon stay
silent because there's nothing can
really come of the discussion anyway
second thing we are up in our heads all
the time constantly and we like that you
know we like to be there thinking and
imagining and wondering whatever it's
not a self-absorbed thing it's not like
we're always thinking about ourselves we
could be thinking about anything we
could be think about the news or about a
family member or about god or about
walruses I mean really who knows we
could be think about anything but if you
rip us out of that
then we prefer it if you have a good
reason
mommy start talking to us you have
ripped us out of our out of our thought
process and I don't think it's
unreasonable that we would prefer if
you're gonna do that that you have a
reason for doing it
and so if you have to relay important
information to us that's a reason if you
want to have a real meaningful
conversation that's a reason but if the
reason is just to make an observation
about the weather if the reason is just
to say oh it's raining outside
well then maybe we're a little put off
by that
we know you didn't mean anything by it
we know you're trying to be friendly but
but we see friendliness in different
terms so for us it could be friendly to
not say anything to a person and just
let them continue along with that with
whatever thought process they're
following at the moment for you you're
being friendly by talking about the
weather but from for us we could we're
being friendly by not talking about it
or not talking to you at all and not
bothering you to us that's friendly
third thing
I've already explained that we're up in
our heads all the time and that means
that we're very analytical about things
so we analyze everything we especially
analyze human interactions
so we will leave every small talk
conversation analyzing and assessing our
own performance in the exchange
while the extrovert may leave the
exchange and just go about his day and
not think about it anymore for us we're
left thinking about it inspecting
ourselves giving ourselves a grade on
the whole thing usually it'll be a
pretty poor grade although sometimes
we'll walk away saying oh you know wow
well done maybe that was pretty yeah
those a b-plus small talk performance
well done and then we have to go take a
nap because we're so drained and
exhausted by it but we prefer to avoid
this we prefer to avoid what - ah what -
us is kind of a high-pressure situation
that will lead to a very tough
self-analysis so while silence may be
painful to you as an extrovert it's not
to us the pain starts when you break
that silence
and that's the difference between us
and personally I don't think that one is
wrong than the others right it's just
it's just these are just personality
types that's all now of course this
doesn't mean that we can avoid small
talk all the time it's a necessary evil
especially in our society I think we all
understand that it's a necessary evil on
the job it's a necessary evil if you're
like on the dating scene and in many
other situations
but it's a it's work for us it takes
effort and it's exhausting and we don't
like
doesn't come naturally
so kind of if you're an extrovert
imagine how you would feel as an
extrovert if you were forced to sit
alone and eat by yourself at a
restaurant or if you had to if you had
to sit in a quiet room alone for an hour
and talk to nobody nobody around and
nothing to do you just have to sit there
or imagine how you would feel if you
even if you had to if you had to read a
book by yourself all afternoon or
something like that imagine the the
discomfort and the exhaustion and the
wanting desperately to get out and to
get into your natural environment that's
how you would feel and that's how we
feel very small talk it's I don't think
it's rude I don't think it's it's not
shy it's nothing like that it's just
this is this is just our personality
okay hopefully hopefully that will help
you to understand a little bit the you
know 50% of the the people that you
share a society with all right well now
I'm exhausted
thanks for watching everybody thanks for
listening Godspeed
you
