got a I've got to play this Pompeo stuff
it is just so good Pompeyo goes before
to talk about the Russia summit and
North Korea and all this and the
Democrats hammer him and Pompeyo was I
gotta say another big victory for Trump
just the fact that Pompey was standing
up for him here he is talking to
Democrat Chris Murphy about the Helsinki
summit and the this is about the
Russians yeah this is the cut about the
Russians let's just play Chris Murphy is
talking to him about what Trump says and
Pompeyo is saying yeah but watch what he
does senator the policies are themselves
statements as well that the
administration makes well policies are
statements and statements are policies
ago that's that's absolutely not true
but people make well I make lots of
statements they're not they're not US
policy the president says things right
the president makes comments in certain
places we have a National Security
Council we meet we lay out strategies we
develop policies right there finally
knew the president that sets the course
how do I know the difference between a
presidential statement that is not a
policy and a statement that is Senator
here's what you should look at compare I
compare the following Barack Obama
speaking tough on Russia and doing
nothing those are true it is I
understand you want to rewrite the Obama
policy on Russia but that's simply okay
you organize to put a comprehensive
unprecedented set of sanctions on on
Russia so the man on that he would have
more flexibility after I'm not listening
my question isn't about isn't about I
know you want to turn constantly no I
just want to look at facts resolutely
senator I'm trying to get to US policy
it's what I do
I can't believe that Pompey was just
alright let's go let's go
crappy you know and Murphy back down
after after that Murphy started asking
much more friendly questions because
when you're willing to bring up the fact
that Obama did try and sell out American
defenses to the Russians off camera and
got caught on an open mic he just
happened to get caught on an open mic
but but listen to what Murphy is doing
what Murphy is doing is saying how can I
tell what the difference between what
Trump says and the difference between
his pond and his policies of what
pop hey Hussein's watches policies Trump
has is a negotiator he is not just he's
not just the president who sends other
people to negotiate he negotiates he
negotiates and by the way part we were
talking about his lousy character
yesterday which I about all the time I
never never pretend that he's a great
guy but bad people make good negotiators
I mean this is one of the things stuff
you know I'm kind of a hard case but I'm
actually fairly pleasant human but I bet
I can be a hard case in the negotiation
but most hard really hard negotiators
most really tough negotiators are not
nice people and that's one of the things
you're seeing with Trump and listen
yesterday a lot of victory
