journalists and other leftists are
absolutely baffled that President
Trump's poll numbers actually ticked up
after they criticized him so intensely
for his press conference in Helsinki at
the New York Times a former newspaper
editor in-chief blithering prevarication
the third told the waiter at his club
quote I simply can't understand it we've
explained to the idiots in flyover
country that we their betters disapprove
of their choice of president and yet for
some reason they continue to cling to
their own opinions it is completely
inexplicable and I think I'll have the
olives stuffed with blue cheese in my
martini today there's nothing so
thrilling as a change of pace I always
say unquote on CNN several commentators
demanded action raising the important
question if a commentator demands action
and there's no one around to hear him
does he actually make a sound to try to
find the answer
Don Lemon delivered a monologue and then
quickly rushed offstage to look at the
monitors so that someone would actually
be watching his show while he was
speaking unfortunately he wasn't quick
enough to catch himself before he left
the set so the experiment didn't work
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer
told reporters quote we have tried to
stop the government from cutting taxes
we have fought to keep the borders open
for illegal immigrants and we have
attempted to block the appointment of
any judge who might follow the
Constitution and yet somehow the public
won't support us it's a mystery
unquote House Minority Leader Nancy
Pelosi also chimed in saying quote
either the president is a Russian spy
where he is being blackmailed or he has
stolen my purse which I'm sure I had
here a moment ago although I may have
dropped it when I smacked my head
against that brick wall either yesterday
we're in 1964 whichever comes first
unquote meanwhile the president seen the
new poll numbers bragged that he could
shoot a man on Fifth Avenue and still
remain popular until vice president
Pence wrestled the pistol out of his
hands trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin
and this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right it's here it's here you waited
for it but it's finally come it is
mailbag day you've been walking around
with those problems they're about to be
alleviated lifted off your shoulders
like a burden that has been lifted off
your shoulders well that was a really
bad simile ah before we talk about that
here is a sponsor I'd love the Dollar
Shave Club and I love them because I
spend approximately 15 hours every day
shaving my head it takes a long time to
shave my head and I want to do to do it
well and I want to do it with a really
good razor and that's what you get from
Dollar Shave Club they have everything
you need to get ready in the bathroom I
really have been using recently this
thing they call the pre scrub which is
like it's this kind of granular thing it
works so well I don't know I have no
idea why it works so well but it's
really good I've been using a lot of
their products and Dollar Shave Club
delivers everything you need to look
feel and smell your best
you name it shampoo conditioner body
wash toothpaste hair gel I haven't used
the hair gel but I'm sure it's great and
I'm a big fan of their body cleanser
which I've also been using all of Dollar
Shave club's products are made with
top-shelf ingredients and here's a great
way to try a bunch of Dollar Shave
club's products for just 5 bucks you can
get their daily essentials starter set
it comes with body cleanser one wipe
Charlies their world-famous shave butter
which is terrific and their best razor
the six blade executive which is what I
usually use I love that keep the blades
coming for a few more bucks a month and
add in shampoo toothpaste anything else
you need for the bathroom check it all
out at dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin
that's dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin
which leads to the musical question how
do you spell Clavin it is que el a VA n
no E's there's no
for the wicked or in Clavin all right
you know there are times sometimes I am
reading the news watching TV and I
realized that I see the world like so
differently a lot of people that I start
to I start to question myself like is it
me if everybody else is seeing one thing
and I'm seeing something else you know
maybe maybe it's me but I'll tell you
the difference I'll tell you the
different the way I look at the news
that I think is different from the way
most people look at the news most people
look at the news and they ask what's
happening and that's how they judge the
news is something bad happening
something good happening absolutely
valid I do that too but I also ask
myself what do I want where am I going
what do I want so for instance yeah I
mean this is true in my ordinary life
a lot of people will say well some some
book you have comes out nobody buys it
did I write it to be a best-seller is
that what I wanted or did I write it
because I know it's gonna be read into
the future I mean I've had books come
out that at the time nobody bought and
then like I'm still receiving royalties
from them because they keep selling
because people discover them I wrote the
book some of my books I wrote just
because I knew it was going to be good
and I knew people wouldn't like it right
away I knew wasn't a best-seller but I
wrote and I asked myself what do I want
so don't get I don't get disappointed
when I don't get something I didn't want
that I wasn't aiming at in the first
place same in politics you know when
they did this thing on immigration
recently where they found 2,300 kids had
been separated from their parents and
all the pictures of his children crying
and all this stuff I thought to myself
well wait a minute what do they want
because that's the other question you
have to ask what is the person talking
to you one because they're there too
there are plenty of children thousands
and thousands millions of children
crying at any given moment and they're
the ones focusing the cameras on these
particular children so what do they want
do they want open borders in that case
listen I don't want the children
separated from their parents I want
things to be handled well but in that
case it's not a crisis because what
they're trying to do is manipulate me
into getting what they want and that's
why I was talking earlier about
character assassination when somebody
says to you you know I oppose socialism
the answer that you slept with a hooker
when you were married that's not an
answer that's not an answer to I oppose
socialism you know the answer is well
socialism is good because blank and it's
gonna remain blank because you've got no
argument right but the thing is
character assassination is not an answer
to a philosophical question there are
things that people do when they violate
the law when they violate certain norms
of behavior there are things that
absolutely disqualify them for public
office but since we know as I pointed
out earlier this week since we know from
the experience of Teddy Kennedy not to
mention Bill Clinton but Teddy Kennedy
is special especially we know they don't
care the left doesn't care about
character we ask ourselves what do they
want and what do I want now here's the
thing I've said this a lot but it's
important I want freedom and when I say
that I feel I don't explain that enough
that the
I mean I can do anything I want I can
you know run around punching people in
the head or run live any lifestyle
freedom is part of a network a community
of a political entity that allows me to
think and speak and do what I want as
long as I don't physically harm somebody
else as long as I'm not immediately
harming someone else I can say anything
I want as long as I don't threaten death
to someone and I can I can think
anything I want and I can do almost
anything I want but I have to consider
am i harming the structure am i harming
the structure that preserves my freedom
so if I have a child out of wedlock and
I can't pay for that child somebody's
gonna have to pay for that child that
means I'm taking away somebody else's
money which means I'm taking somebody
else's time which means I'm owning
somebody else's life I don't want to own
somebody else's life because I don't
want somebody to own my life so my
freedom depends on your freedom and that
means I have to act responsibly in ways
that don't call on you to sacrifice your
life to pay for me that's why all these
free things that people are like to talk
about free college free college mean
there is no free college it just means
stealing from somebody else taking their
money which is their time which is their
life you haven't got the right to do
that
so in order to be free I have to act in
a certain way now I know the left does
not want to be free they do not want me
to be free they want to be able to tell
me what to think when I can say certain
things what kinds of things I can say
and that's what I want to stop that's
what I'm here to oppose not everybody on
the left obviously it is the people that
we see at the top who really are want
the government to be in charge and they
say it they say it when you cut back
regulations they protest when you say
we're gonna bei the Constitution they
protest we know that this is what they
want so that is the argument we're
having we're not having an argument
about Donald Trump I do not care so
yesterday Michael Cohen released a
secret tape the lawyer taped his clients
conversations and the thing is the tape
is a little bit unclear but it's
essentially saying that Trump slept with
this Playboy model Karen McDougal and
she was gonna sell her story to the
tabloids and he wanted to buy the right
to the story so that this story wouldn't
come out because it was just like two
months I think before the election
here's just an excerpt of the tape you
can hear how you know it's it's it's not
indecisive but I'll talk about it after
your plan I need company
for the transfer of all of that info
regarding our friend David you know so
that I'm gonna do that right away I've
actually come up by loving me and I've
spoken to Alan why superb about how to
set the whole thing up with funding yes
and it's all the stuffing all the stuff
because here you never know where that
company you never know what he's gonna
hear you get it correct so I'm I'm all
over that and I spoke to Alan about it
when it comes time for the financing
which will be you listen what I won't
have to pay you so I got just to
underscore the irony here when I say
that I know that the left doesn't care
about character the guy defending
Michael Cohen is Lanny Davis Lanny Davis
who defended Clinton during proceedings
about the Monica Lewinsky thing but he
didn't care but here he is talking his
cut number five everybody heard just now
Donald Trump say the word cash cash
after Michael Cohen mentioned financing
when mr. Giuliani and mr. Trump threw
mr. Giuliani accused my client mr. Cohen
of saying the word cash and I posted a
tweet at the time and I said wait for
the tapes Richard Nixon couldn't spin
the tape that did him in and there's no
way that mr. Giuliani who knows from
being US Attorney the only people who
use cash are drug dealers and mobsters
cash is not what you do and it was
Michael Cohen who said no no no no and
Donald Trump despite what woody Giuliani
said publicly the tape contradicts
- Giuliani and the word cash is heard by
everyone
no just remember how I started talking
about what do I want that's what I'm
looking at this one thinking what do I
want I want my freedom so you're telling
me that this tape reveals that Donald
Trump banned a playboy model and then
paid wanted to pay to keep her story
secret before the election I mean call
me a feather and blow me away
right I mean who are telling me that
Donald Trump has a bad character you're
trying to assassinate character
assassinate Donald Trump you can't
assassinate his character his character
sucks he has a terrible character I mean
the stuff he said about Ted Cruz during
the election the fact that he fired a
guy like Rex Tillerson using his tweet
that he used to he used to brag about
sleeping with other men's men's wife
yeah by the way by the way I don't say
this in a judgmental tone I you know I
spent the first twenty plus years of my
life practically insane I've done
terrible things I've done things that
wake me up and at night sweating I'm not
judged passing I don't pass judgment on
anybody about this stuff but you know I
tried to become a better man I think I
have become a better man I think I put
that old guy away you know I put I think
I put him down basically I think I
killed him but dr. Donald Trump has been
the same guy all his life all his life
we knew who he was and the wonderful
weird thing about Donald Trump is his
crappy character protects my freedom why
his crappy character protects my freedom
because every time somebody gets up and
does something on behalf of freedom the
left assassinates him they don't care
about Bill Clinton they don't care about
Teddy Kennedy but but George W Bush Dan
Rather sacrificed his career to get a 35
year old plus story about him going AWOL
in the National Guard like who cares
that that's he sacrifices career to
anything he could do to assassinate that
man's character
Mitt Romney they assassinate his
character but they don't care about Bill
Clinton they don't care about Teddy
Kennedy they don't care about anybody on
the left so when they tried to
assassinate Trump's character they can't
he's bulletproof because we already know
we already know what a bad
he is his badness his personal badness
protects my freedom it is a weird weird
thing so Jorge will who you know I I was
kind of respected Jorge will I've always
you Andrew Breitbart used to say about
Jorge will that he was a Republican from
the days when Republicans were happy to
be in the minority there was a long long
period of time when Republicans just had
a very comfortable I think was like 38
you know Senate senator majority I'm a
minority they could never get anything
done but they could complain a lot and
the kind of general idea just the
feeling in the air was that the
Democrats were gonna own the Senate
forever and that was the way it was and
that was george will's
republican party now now when
republicans are a living breathing
entity actually accomplishing things
through donald trump and his bad
character George will hates Donald Trump
and he has become a bit of just a tad of
a pompous ass you know I hate to attack
the guy cuz I actually have respected
him in the past but really it's absurd
but anyway he's on lawrence O'Donnell
show but he makes the point that when
Lanny Davis compares this nonsense this
little nonsensical story which is
blowing up because it's the summer and
they haven't got anything and they don't
want to cover the fact that North Korea
is actually disassembled nuclear sites
it's like nice it's like nice now now
because of Donald Trump the North
Koreans are not going to blow up the
Democrats or the Democrats can complain
about Donald Trump sex life that's
basically where we've that's basically
the absurdity of summer news okay but
but even George Will comes out and says
yes Donald Trump horrible horrible
fellow but comparing them to Nixon is
absurd this is cut number two well I'm
hearing redundant evidence that mr.
Trump is a seedy man who's incontinent
sexual appetites get him into trouble
with seedy women now this is not news at
this point in in his presidency I'm not
hearing anything remotely like you refer
to earlier tapes the tape in which
Richard Nixon says well let's get the
CIA to lean on the FBI to cover up a
criminal conspiracy in the one case
Donald Trump was a private citizen when
that tape has made Richard Nixon was
president
the United States I'm also hearing
something else on the part of people
analyzing this and that is an attempt to
turn all of this into a campaign finance
violation we really do not want Lawrence
to go down the road where we say
anything that happens that can be
helpful to an ongoing political campaign
should be monetized and counted as a
contribution and therefore contribute to
the criminalization of American politics
I think that's a that's a terrible way
to go that there are lots of ways of
judging Donald Trump without getting
into that swamp what's really
interesting and George will doesn't
mention it because he's on MSNBC and if
he had mentioned it it would have been
like Thunderball the James Bond movie
his chair would have opened up and there
would have been Sparks and would have
disappeared in a puff of black smoke
what he didn't mention is all those
things that Nixon was doing Barack Obama
whatever the hell his name was was doing
today it's hard to remember now because
his legacy is just kind of like it's
almost like the empty breeze just
flowing past our studio but you know
Obama was doing all that stuff he was
spying on Trump he was usually in the
FBI he was using the CIA Obama did all
the IRS so all that stuff that we that
was not on this tape about Donald Trump
buying off the babe you know which I got
to be honest with you there's some when
you listen to the tape is really hard to
hear what Trump is saying is hard to
hear where that whether he's saying no
cash or use cashes it is difficult to
hear I'm convinced he was doing this o
deny it all he wants that's who he is
that's who he is again you know when the
when the billionaire playboy Club
gathers together they would exit through
him out if he weren't sleeping you know
cheating on his wife with Playboy models
and buying them off that's what that's
what they do but but the thing is what
will should be asking himself what
George Will should really be asking
himself is why does it take a man of
this kind of character to do the great
things that Trump has been doing the
cutting back of regulations the
appointment of great Supreme Court
justices and other justices the tax
cutting the typical thing I mean is
Henry Olson pointed out yesterday the
the things that Donald Trump is doing
the things that Donald Trump is doing on
mainstream Republican American things
they are down-home American things that
people support why does it take an
outlandish man like this to accomplish
it it's because they have turned the
press into a character assassination
machine and you either have to be
perfect which not many of I mean I may
be but not many of us is perfect right
or you have to be such a bad cat at this
point that the stuff just rolls off you
because we already know it that they
created this you know I I was in the
news business in the 80s I was a news
writer for a very big radio station in
New York I was there when this
transition happened that happened in the
80s first let first earlier on there
started to be this move to make news
which used to be a lost leader you know
you put on the news it was a public
service that you did because you were an
FCC controlled entity so you had the
news and it was just a public service
wasn't supposed to make money but over
time they started as media branched out
they started saying well how do we make
money and local newsmen started to
become a handsome they started to become
funny they started to joke with each
other at during the news and this was
written about a lot people were writing
about you know why are they joking was
this gonna pollute the news finally in
the 80s what they did is they started to
gut news departments and I was there I
saw this happen they cut out the
reporters because the reporters are
expensive they go off and do stuff and
it takes a long time to come up with a
story and you have to pay him all that
time they started to gut them they came
in into this radio station where I
worked the new boss came in and he told
us and we were known as the New York
Times which is that point was a
compliment that when I called him a
former newspaper it used to be a good
newspaper we were gonna notice the New
York Times the Airways because we would
write I would write to come in and write
a story about say the the federal budget
my story would be 40 seconds long in
radio news that's an eternity and the
new boss came in and said no we're not
doing that anymore
we're are set our stories are gonna be
twelve seconds long and they're gonna be
about as many stories about condoms and
AIDS and and anal sex is you can get in
there because that's what people are
talking about that's what they care
about well this guy and I got into the
last time I've ever got into and know
- no screaming match with anybody I mean
really really I do not have a big temper
and I certainly don't get in arguments
when I think I'm in control you know I
don't when I think I'm gonna win but I
wasn't nobody I was a writer it was a
low-level position I was arguing with
the boss at man oh man I made his life a
living hell
now I don't I can't guarantee that
that's why he left but a lot of people
figure it felt that I had chased him out
he quit the job pretty early I then
moved to England because I couldn't
stand political correctness anymore a
couple years I come back and I asked
about this guy this boss that I it was
life I had made so awful and he's
running one of the biggest networks in
town I even went and talked to him we
sort of had a friendly you know bland
conversation and I realized I had been a
pebble on the beach and he had been the
tide coming in that was what was the
news was going to be it was going to be
about sex it was going to be about what
caught your attention it was going to be
that because they didn't have the news
people anymore they weren't spending the
money on the news people to get the news
right and so they were making money by
the more audience we get because we're
talking about AIDS and we're talking
about condoms and we're talking about
sexual acts that had never been spoken
about before and our stories go by in 12
seconds so we're not reporting on the
budget nobody cares about the budget
nobody cares what's in the federal
budget the legacy of that press is the
press that now attacks politicians not
on the basis of their ideas but on the
basis of their private actions
and it's an all leftist press which
wasn't always true the press used to be
a working-class guys way up if you were
a working-class guy but you were smart
and you could write you might become a
reporter and the only thing you cared
about was bringing down the powerful
left to right you didn't care but once
it became a profession once we went to
journalism school once you went to
Columbia Journalism school then the
elite were reporting on the elite and
they wanted to get what they wanted to
get the press has become corrupt that it
happened since the 80s I was there I saw
it happen and it needs to reform itself
it can't be done by government because
of the First Amendment it shouldn't be
done by government but that's what we're
saying so Donald Trump is a creation of
the press Donald Trump is not the enemy
of the press they you know I always
compare them to Godzilla they set off
the nuclear blast that created the
monster that they are now trying to
shoot at with their little puny rifles
and they can't touch him his bad
character protects my freedom my freedom
is what I want I don't care if he paid
off a playboy model I just don't
all right but I do care about this trade
thing I have to talk about this a little
bit I've stayed away from this and the
reason I stay away from it is because I
know that Donald Trump is a negotiator
and that means he's in motion he's
trying to get somewhere the place that
he is at is not the place that he
perceives himself going it's not a
matter of playing 3d chess this is
basically I've been in negotiations
we've probably all been in negotiations
that's the way it works I say something
but it's not exactly what I want it's a
place that I'm willing to negotiate from
so Trump has laid levy tariffs on China
and China has responded on living
tariffs on our agricultural products
like soybeans so now Trump has responded
to that by giving twelve billion dollars
to people in agriculture supporting
basically supporting their industry with
government charity so it this is this is
the way socialism works basically you
support industries because they're not
being becoming profitable and
everybody's yelling at him you know and
what he is saying is he saying give me
time because I need time to negotiate
with the Chinese here's a cut of him
explaining this to the audience cut
number one understands that we cannot be
a safe country if we are not a
prosperous country we have to think of
ourselves
you have to see these trade deals I'm
working on they're a disaster we're
losing hundreds of billions of dollars
with individual countries a year and
they're sticky and you gotta stick it
out you got it just we gotta fight it
nobody else fought it I went to some of
the countries I said how did it get so
imbalanced they said nobody ever called
they said nobody ever called they do
whatever they wanted and we just put up
with it not any longer folks not any
longer making tremendous progress
they're all coming they don't want to
have those tariffs put on them they're
all coming to see us and the farmers
will be the biggest beneficiary watch
we're opening up markets you watch
what's going down just be a little
patient see here's what I don't know
he's also sent out a tweet one of my
favorite Trump tweets ever tariffs are
the greatest either a country which has
treated the United States unfairly on
trade negotiates a fair deal or it gets
hit with tariffs it's as simple as that
and everybody's talking remember we are
the piggy bank that's being robbed all
will be great that's the part I love all
will be great so I have two questions
about this a small question and a big
question
my small question is if he's just buying
time with these this twelve you know
billion dollar buyout for the act for
the farmers if he's just buying time
doesn't China know he's just buying time
isn't it kind of like when Obama said he
was gonna pull out of Afghanistan at a
date certain now I mean the Taliban were
going oh good you know set my watch and
we'll be back you know so why isn't
China thinking the same thing
how can he negotiate when they know that
he's just buying time he cannot starve
the farmers forever they're part of his
base and he can't do it anyway because
he doesn't want the economy to collapse
I get what he's saying you know I
understand China has been cheating us
we're in a trade war with China he's
just fighting back but you know the the
suggestion is is the other way to do
this is he should have been part of the
TPP the Pacific you know plan where we
all would have ganged up on China with
the other Asian countries look I'm
willing to give him a chance but that's
my first question if he's just buying
time doesn't China know he's just buying
time
won't they just wait them out but my
bigger question is this and it doesn't
actually have to do with Trump why is
Trump living taxes why is the president
living taxes the Constitution says
Congress is supposed to do it but like
everything else they have ceded their
authority on this and this is where my
freedom comes in if we're not obeying
the Constitution a document that I know
a structure that I know will protect my
freedom why not why isn't Congress
passing immigration law why isn't
Congress upholding its constitutional
duty to pass tariffs why are they
complaining about Trump instead of
saying hey this is on us we get to do
this Trump says it's national security
to let lower tariffs ah give me a break
give me your bragging oh you can say
it's national security to do anything
why has Congress gotten rid of its
responsibility and then they accused
Trump of being authoritarian but they
won't do anything I mean we saw Chuck
Schumer waving the pen around saying
well we want just we're not gonna make a
law we want Donald Trump to just pass
you know just say what the law is what
that's the thing that really bothers me
about this trade stuff why if the
Republicans are fighting with Trump in
Congress why isn't Congress fighting
back why are they just mouthing off but
I'm still I'm holding fire I'm willing
to wait and see what Trump is up to I
trust that if the economy starts to go
south he will pull out and stop what
he's doing all right we got the mailbag
coming up I got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but come on over to
the Daily wire.com and subscribe for
lousy ten bucks a month or a hundred
bucks for the whole year then you too
can be in the mailbag you too can ask
any question you want you too will
receive answers that are a hundred
percent correct and you too will have
your life changed you too for the better
no I D come on over to the daily we're
calm all right the mailbag oh I missed
that girl you know actually I see her I
see her on Twitter she's she's a singer
you know she goes around Texas and she
does all these performances and she
sometimes thinks about coming back here
but I I hope she doesn't cuz he can't
perform in LA you know she can perform
in Texas which is what she really loved
but anyway I miss her all right from
Zach
Andrew Oh captain my Clavin I have been
listening to your podcast for over a
year now and I've always marveled at
your dedication to upholding the values
you believed to be both true and right
how does a man stay true to what he
holds in his heart and mine to be just
and true in a society that is ever
shifting away from judeo-christian
values love the show Zack you know first
of all that's very kind of you I have
failed a million times as I'm sure
everybody has to uphold my values and as
I say I spent the early part of my life
a really twisted guy and I worked very
hard to become a better guy I will say
this I I do on my own behalf I do look
back in my life and I see that I could
have had a lot of things that I don't
have because I chose the path of being
what I am
I it always seemed to me it always
seemed to me that there was no point in
living by my pen which is how I have
made my living my whole adult life there
was no point in living by my pen if the
words that I was putting down on paper
weren't at least what I thought to be
true at the moment I was writing them if
they weren't at least that and I mean I
look back at moments I think I've talked
about this before I had a very popular
young adult series called the home
lenders I sold it for good money in
England and they wanted to remove all
the biblical references in it because
they hate God and they hate the Bible
and at the bookstore and they said the
book stores the big book stores won't
handle it I refused I refused five times
to do it and it cost me a lot they
killed the book basically in England
where I'd had this great contract and it
was it was terrible you know it was a
terrible thing so you asked the question
and they the answer is you pay the price
that's that's the answer you pay the
price I know I knew when I made that
decision it was going to cost me and
it's it I've never regretted it but I
paid a price and I pay I paid a lot of
price I mean I don't work very much in
Hollywood any more of those I still get
some opportunities because of being a
bit because of what I'm doing right now
because of what I'm saying right now
when they Google me this is the first
thing that comes up and they read my
books they love my books they read my
scripts and my writing samples they love
those and they call me in but then they
Google me and they see this stuff and it
costs so when people ask this question I
always feel that the second half of the
question isn't being asked which is how
can I do write without pain
price and that's the answer you cannot
you cannot you've got to resolve to pay
the price and he goes back to how I open
the show it depends on what you want you
know and I really wanted to be the guy
that I am I mean I can I can say that's
that I can say that the person I am now
imperfect flawed make mistakes but it is
the guy I set out to be and that is
incredibly important to me an incredible
source of joy to me I mean I can look at
my wife I can look at my kids I can say
I told you who I am
this is who I am I am that guy you know
so that that that's an incredible source
of joy to me when I sit down to write
and know that I'm writing exactly what I
think and know that I'm willing to pay
the price of not writing a best-seller
but of writing something that's gonna be
a little offbeat and say things that
aren't popular with the in-crowd I know
I'm gonna pay that price but it gives me
a tremendous joy to be the guy I set out
to be that's the answer you got to pay
the price
all right um and again I'm not touting
my honesty over anybody else's I'm just
saying that I doubt with those goals and
I have and I can point to places where
I've paid the price one all right from
Adam dear Andrew I've been married for
only two months although my wife and I
have been together for over four years
since moving to San Francisco she's been
turning into a feminazi and just told me
she wants to have sex with other men as
well as she thinks she can't stay
married to me I don't believe in divorce
but don't want to be with a woman who
has decided infidelity is the only thing
that can make our marriage work it's
been only two months and I can't believe
my wife is already giving up on our
marriage what should I do
you should get divorced that's that's
the answer we say you don't believe I
tell you my son believe even Jesus even
Jesus who was no friend to divorce and
even I who I'm no friend to divorce
believe that adultery is a cause for
divorce if she wants to you've been
married for two months you have no kids
I assume there's no reason to stay with
this woman
dumper I I gotta say I have a lot of
friends as an extraordinary number of
friends who got married for like a month
and and then got divorced and then you
had a wonderful marriage and many of
them said the same thing many of them
said I had already sent out the
invitations I knew it was wrong but I
couldn't
you know so don't don't torture yourself
for the rest of your life because you
made a mistake
eat the mistake get a divorce all right
from Chris dear Hugh fictions in
Connecticut as from an old book it's a
Thai vacation in Connecticut and Shapiro
has never let me forget it I've got to
be a superior listener right how long
does it take to come up with your
opening monologues they're always
hilarious do you write them alone or
like they do in Hollywood a bunch of
funny ben shapiro types i write them by
myself and let me tell you something it
is one of the hardest things I've ever
done I have cut them at one point we got
rid of them because people didn't like
them you know we thought that people
didn't like them I brought them back
because they set the tone of the show
and I really enjoy them but I've cut
them in half I mean I they're much much
shorter so it's really not as hard as it
used to be the hard thing is coming up
with the ideas and making sure they're
funny you know I mean so I will tell you
I used to write these things Clavin on
the culture and my revolting truth I
took a lot more time with those I was a
lot happier with them I was proud of
them as some of the best political
satire around these I just think are
enjoyable and fun and funny and I'm glad
they start the show and I'm glad you
like them but they are hard they're hard
to do from Spencer Hale Clavin God king
of the hairless three questions for you
because I'm trying to get my money's
worth
my subscription how do you take your
coffee black in fact I always hated
coffee until I accidentally drank it
black I always thought like a that's
kind of sweet and you know soft and all
sudden I had a black cup coffee that oh
that's really good I like black strong
coffee - do you have any plans for
speaking engagements this fall yea yaf
is offering it up on their website I
don't know whether they've scheduled any
I've got one next week don't go yeah I'm
going to Washington DC I think next week
and talking to yaf but we'll announce
them as we come up we've been very bad
about announcing them and it's all Rob's
fault well we will do it as they come up
three who what is your spirit nominal
and animal I know your colleague mr.
Shapiro says nikki Haley is is and I was
wondering if you had one as well thank
you and keep up the good work you know
my political spirit animal I really
think is Ted Cruz
not because I always agree with Cruz I
don't always agree with him but he is a
staunch conservative and honest guy and
I really like the fact that Donald Trump
treated him like garbage he treated
during the campaign he said terrible
things about his wife he said terrible
things about his father and and Cruz
fought him and fought him down to the
wire but once he lost he worked with him
and to me that that's amazing I'm not
sure I would be able to do it but I'd
like to think I would be able to do it
and there he goes back again to the
opening show what do I want I want the
country to do well and if Donald Trump
is doing well I want to help him do well
I don't want to make a you know a name
for myself by attacking him I do not
think that Ted Cruz was doing that
purely out of self-interest that were
all got self-interest in our minds at
all times
I don't think Cruz was doing I think he
did it for the country he ate the fact
what had to be what had to be a brutal
campaign he ate it and he went and
working I loved him for that in the you
know in the art my artistic life which
is a huge part of my life my spirit
animal is Wordsworth Wordsworth was a
radical who loved the French Revolution
saw what came of it and then really took
a big career hit by becoming a
conservative and it cost him a lot and
still costs him a lot in his reputation
and I've always loved them for that you
know it might when I was young my spirit
animal was John Keats who was the young
guy but he died when he was like 26 I
think I could be off on that but he died
when he was like 26 Wordsworth lived
into his 80s I hope to do this so I
guess I've started to identify with him
all right name withheld hey mr. Clavin
no E's I served in the Marine Corps in
Iraq in 2004 and 2005 thank you for that
I married my high school sweetheart and
I love her very much but her family are
hard cord left us that I disagree with
constantly at most family gatherings I
keep my mouth shut
to avoid turmoil I'm currently a
lieutenant in the NYPD I love daily
wires my safe haven I'm not a very
educated person as I went directly from
high school to the Marines I'm trying to
better myself in that life but I asked
you what is the best way to deal with my
hardcore left family I love them very
much but they are all very educated and
becomes tough for me to speak to them
without sounding feeble-minded he says
please do not use my name as a my PT
will crucify me just for being
associated with a conservative outlet
well I didn't know that about the NYPD
here's the thing
family Trump's politics so you don't
want to be in constant fights with your
family I have a couple of things to say
about this first don't think that you're
less intelligent than these people they
may be more sophisticated than you are
because like you said you didn't go to
college they may have kinds a kind of
knowledge you don't have but one of the
things I learned very young and it
really changed my life was I grew up an
educated man in an educated family a
family dedicated to education on the
coasts and the idea was in flyover
country everybody was an idiot and I
left home and traveled around the
country and I've met a lot of people I
found out that wasn't true that people
around the country were not idiots they
were very smart very intelligent but
again and again I met people who would
say who didn't trust their own
intelligence because they didn't have
the sophistication and the education of
the people they saw on TV and they
thought well this guy saying that there
must be something wrong with me because
I didn't go to college do not feel that
way you are going to college does not
make you smart and then you know it's a
wonderful thing to live a life of mine
but it doesn't make you smart and it
doesn't make you right and I think that
you in the Marines in Iraq and as an
NYPD guy you have seen a lot of things
that they haven't seen and you know a
lot of things that they don't know and
you are just as intelligent you should
have confidence in your own ability to
think things through and to be realistic
that said that you don't want to start
political fights with your family every
time you see him and when you do start
them when they are in a political fight
you want to do them in a certain way so
here's my advice listen quietly when
they're ranting because leftist think
that there's absolutely nothing wrong
with them ranting but then if you answer
them they think you've committed a crime
listen to them with a superior smirk on
your face just that's that's all don't
say a word just listen and just have a
superior smirk on your face and wait for
them to come to you and say what why are
you smirking like that and then say well
you ask you're asking me the question do
you want the answer and when they say
yes then you answer them but don't
answer them about people don't talk
about Donald Trump
talk about Barack Obama just to talk
about principle just talk about why the
things they're talking about won't work
and why they're wrong and and that's it
and don't get and if things get heated
bail bail you're not there to convince
them you're just there you're just there
to stand your ground right there you
ever right to believe what you believe
but if you can guide the conversation
away from that and have friendly
relations with your relations have
friendly relations with your relations
it's much more important than arguing
politics I hope that answer the question
I think that yeah from Jamie o Grand
Poobah of the multiverse
I'm a conservative that actually is my
title I'm a conservative pursuing a PhD
in philosophy with the eventual goal of
going into academia from what I can tell
part of the difficulty in hiring
conservatives and academic feels like
philosophy English music is that in my
experience most conservatives simply
don't value the humanities when I tell
conservatives that I'm pursuing a PhD to
go into academia I usually get a bunch
of funneled looks as if they could never
fathom doing such a thing why do you
think the conservatives by and large
don't seem to value the humanities and
how do you think we could foster a
conservative culture in which these
important subjects are held in higher
esteem than they currently are man oh
man if I could offer answer that I would
be a happier man I got to tell you you
know first of all there are parts of the
humanities that conservatives go into
the classics especially but we don't
support the arts we don't support the
humanities and because of that now now
listen part of this is we've been
blacklisted
we're blacklisted in Hollywood we're
blacklisted in publishing we're
blacklisted in academia so eventually
you say well you know if they don't want
me I'm not going there I got a life to
live I'm gonna go do something something
else but the rank-and-file the the thing
about conservatives of conservatives are
the most intelligent people in the
country and the simplest people in the
country right the smartest people in the
country are all conservatives if you
don't believe me read the op-ed of the
New York Times
times you see how stupid these people
are and then and then simple people are
conservatives cuz they got a lot of
common sense and they've got a lot of
lived experience so they are
conservatives too and they don't care as
much about the arts and the people who
are at the upper level just kind of go
along to get along so you know I I don't
know why we haven't figured this out
they're so important
they've mad
so much what people are being taught in
school it matters so much what's coming
into their heads through their music and
through the their television shows I
have pled with conservatives
conservative think-tanks to start
divisions to start artistic divisions
I've pled with them to start think tanks
that are dedicated to the arts they look
at me I always my joke is always that
they look at me the way my wife looks at
me when I explained to her that even
when you buy something on sale it still
cost money you know because when I say
that to my wife she looks at me like
you're very cute but I have no idea what
you're talking about that's the way
conservatives look at me when I tell
them they should be involved in the arts
all right I got to stop and and go on
there are a lot of good questions left
maybe we'll bring them back next week so
we'll keep up tickety-boo news so Allie
Stuckey did this very funny satire
splicing up an interview that pretend
interview that she was doing with an
interview that Margaret Hoover did with
Alexandria kzo Cortes the dolt who is
the socialist running in Queens New York
for Congress and she put out here's just
a little bit of it socialism into your
own words
unprecedented concentration of wealth at
the very top tippy top of the 1% Wow I'm
I'm kind of surprised to hear you admit
that it sounds like what's going on in
socialist Venezuela mm-hmm what do you
think about what's going on in Venezuela
just an increasing crisis of
humanitarian condition and to me it
would just be completely unacceptable if
that happened on our shores well
couldn't that happen here if if we
adopted socialism it's hard to say what
direction that that takes I am NOT the
expert on geopolitics I saw this I saw
this early in the day on Twitter and
cracked up I just thought it was really
funny I seen the interview so I knew it
was satire but it seemed very obviously
satire it's cut the way it's caught it's
very lumpy and all this stuff and Ali
was clearly not trying to fool anybody
the left goes nuts right oh my god and
she went nuts Cortes why not not saying
you know oh they're so afraid of me they
have to put our fake news videos missus
had but
you know I'm not gonna say they're dumb
because they do this all the time this
is an old leftist trick is take
conservative jokes and take them
seriously so if I make a race joke or if
I make a sex joke it's all Clavin think
you know I've made these jokes about
women not having the capacity for reason
Oh
Clavin thinks women don't have the
capacity for reason you know they do
that all the time they take your satire
they take your jokes and they take it
seriously the thing is you don't have to
satirize this woman because she is a
walking satire see this is the other
part of the joke she's the one who said
that there's low employment because
everyone has two jobs right which if you
just think about it just give your mind
a minute to go through that
mathematically right if there's low
unemployment if everybody has one job
there's low unemployment if they have
two jobs the unemployment is exactly the
same so the woman's a dolt
she is a dolt so it doesn't really you
don't really have to sat to satirize her
what I loved is after she said this a
Elizabeth Warren came out and she's
thought she's she didn't like losing her
socialist Thunder so she comes out and
she doubles down on what she said here's
Elizabeth Warren on a low unemployment
and the Trump prosperity is cut eight
there was a time when Wall Street
numbers reflected that the economy
overall was doing well but not so much
when not many people own shares of stock
and when corporations are doing well
they no longer share with their
employees there was a time when saying
hey the unemployment rate has gone down
that's a great thing but you know when
people are working at minimum-wage jobs
that won't support them or they're
working two three or four jobs to try to
pay the rent and keep food on the table
then simply saying the unemployment
figures have gone down just doesn't get
you there the way I see this is the
lived experiences of most hardworking
Americans across this country are not
improving this is amazing so I gotta
tell you this is why I call this
tickety-boo news first of all almost
everybody has a lot of people have stock
because you have it in your
entire Minh and things like that the
Bureau of Labor Statistics this was in
The Wall Street Journal today from Andy
puzzler who is a restauranteur Bureau of
Labor Statistics data show only a small
minority of Americans work multiple jobs
that percentage has been around 5% of
working Americans since 2010 though it
was higher before then last month seven
point six million or four point nine
percent of the 150 five point five
million working Americans had multiple
jobs are people working 60 70 80 hours a
week as Elizabeth Warren says rarely but
for a brief dip during the recession
private-sector employees have worked an
average of thirty four point two to
thirty four point six hours a week right
since they began tracking the data in
2006 the atman I worked like twice that
I meant I look like 60 hours a week BLS
considers thirty five hours a week
full-time so working seventy to eighty
hours would be equivalent to two
full-time jobs only three hundred and
sixty thousand people work to full work
two full-time jobs in June Oh point two
percent of the workforce miss Warren
also claims people are working
minimum-wage jobs that won't support
them no doubt some people work
minimum-wage jobs particularly younger
employees getting their first work
experience that they have access to such
jobs as a positive rather than a
negative but the fixation on minimum
wage jobs is increasingly disconnected
from reality on a year-over-year basis
wasted wages for all employees increased
2.7 percent in June that's good not
great number but individuals working
production and non-supervisory jobs and
the retail and hospitality and leisure
sectors did much better in June wages
increased 3.8 percent year-over-year for
retail sector employees and the thing is
as the job market gets tighter and
tighter as you know there's less and
less unemployment wages will go up
they're always a lagging indicator they
always come last so the news the
economic news is great these women do
not know what they're talking about
because women have no capacity for a
reason
I'm joking but I will continue to be
joking here tomorrow where I will be and
I hope you will be
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike core Mina hair and
makeup is by Jessa alvera the Andrew
Clavin show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
