so my son is two and a half years old so
that's the politically incorrect issue
assigned to gender wait it gets worse so
my son is two and a half years old and
he's got an older sister and she leaves
her slippers and her stuff around
everywhere so she left like these
princess shoes around and my son walked
over because he's a little kid
and he put on the princess shoes and I
said no you're not putting on the
princess you're a boy I know I'm a
monster
he's history's greatest monster I know
and and he started to fuss and he
started get upset because they're cute
and they're shiny and whatever so he
puts him back on I said no we're not
doing that and so I said here's what
we're doing we get in the car we go over
to the Western Outfitters over here on
Van Nuys and we go in and we got him
some cowboy boots and a cowboy hat and a
great dad his favorite thing he's
walking around going cowboy in the world
if I put on ladies shoes will you buddy
I mean there's nothing I can do to fire
you
