journalists and other Democrats are
furious with President Trump for
disrespecting the American intelligence
community simply because of its corrupt
attempts to destroy him on CNN Chris
Cuomo stared into the camera with an
expression he hoped was soulful instead
of just sort of blank and idiotic and he
declared quote normally and willing to
twist any set of circumstances to put
the president in a bad light but this
time I'm doing exactly the same thing it
is simply rude for the President of the
United States to interrupt our
intelligence officers while they're
right in the middle of lying about him
unquote
Cuomo then attempted to storm off camera
but walked into the corner of the room
and could not find his way out again
fortunately Don Lemon rushed into the
corner to help Cuomo and both men were
finally rescued by the fire department
at ABC George Stephanopoulos said quote
speaking is a wholly fair and objective
servile tody of the Clinton family I say
that it is our job as journalists to
rush to the defense of unelected public
officials who seek to undermine our
democracy through covert conspiracies we
in the press must speak power to truth
unquote when Stephanopoulos was told
he'd gotten the journalists role exactly
backwards he resigned from ABC in
disgrace and was promptly hired by the
New York Times very angry former
communist CIA mole Jon very angry
Brennan sent out a very angry tweet
saying quote when I think of president
Trump's actions I use words like treason
opprobrium and contem Lee to distract
people from the fact that I'm a corrupt
gasbag who used my post to manipulate
the FBI into violating every norm of
decency in order to oust a duly elected
president unquote President Trump
admitted he actually did feel bad about
disrespecting the intelligence community
but said he would make it up to them by
pardoning them after they were sent to
prison where they belong trigger warning
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the Andrew
Klavan show
all right another summer Clavin this
weekend comes to an end in mid-july you
know there's not much going on so the
Clavin last weekend he says all you see
is just journalists head explodes
exploding and politician Democrat
politicians going insane and saying
nonsense this is how they spend their
Clavin last weekend's Michael Knowles is
going to come on today and talk about
Hollywood pedophilia and I'll explain
why that's not just for fun we're not
just for fun but it is an actually
interesting topic and we will talk about
it and you will find out why it is
relevant but meanwhile let's talk about
the fact that it's summer you're going
out a lot you're entertaining yourself
and you're flashing your credit card
around so that by August you should be
able to look at your credit card debt
and say oh my God my life is over
you know but instead of doing that you
might want to think about light stream
when you spend too much money on your
credit card the interest rates are
incredible but with light stream light
stream offers credit card consolidation
loans from just five point eight nine
percent APR with Auto pay that is way
way lower than the average credit card
interest rate of over 18 percent APR
credit cards just kill you if you don't
pay him on time but light stream will
help you out if you have good credit and
my listeners can save even more than
that with an additional interest rate
discount on top of light streams already
low rates here's what you do you get
this discount by going to light stream
dot-com / Andrew that is lig HT STR II
am calm / Andrew you could get your
funds as soon as the day that you apply
and get out of credit card debt sub this
is subject to credit approval rate
includes 0.50% auto pay discount terms
and conditions apply and offers are
subject to change without notice
visit light stream calm
for more information so one of the
things that's really important to
remember as you watch all the craziness
that goes on in the press especially in
the summer when they haven't got a lot
of news so they're just actually feeding
off their own rage and stupidity one of
the things you have to remember is the
same machinery that a tax President
Trump the same machinery that sells
socialism the same machinery that sells
abortion the same machinery also makes
people famous and successful it's the
same machinery right you know when you
hear me go off on the New York Times and
call them a former newspaper and make
fun of them all the time you're looking
at a novelist who knows that he will
never get a review in the New York Times
again let alone about I'll probably
never even get a bad review because they
wouldn't go out of their way to give me
that much attention so you don't meet
that many bad that doesn't make me a
hero that just means I have a different
set of priorities than a lot of people
have and I'm a different age than a lot
of people have and I don't really care
what the New York Times thinks about me
I don't think it's gonna matter to me in
the long run but most people especially
young people if they're up-and-coming
and they're working in the business and
they're working even if they're writing
nonfiction if they're writing fiction if
they want to be in the movies if they
want to do all the kinds of things the
same machinery the same machinery that
is selling you socialism selling you
abortion selling you all the things that
the Democrats want to sell you that
selling you open borders that same
machinery is the machinery they need to
become famous so I want you have to
understand that when you're seeing these
character assassination Wars that are
going on right now what you're seeing is
this weapon that has been unleashed on
us you know celebrity society a society
where any publicity is good publicity
you're seeing that machinery kind of
going out of control I mean this
happened with Ben last week it was just
appalling this actor and what was his
name mark Duplass I think yeah he
tweeted about Ben he said I don't agree
with Ben he was talking to his fellow
liberals he said if you want to follow
somebody on the other side you might
want to think about following ben
shapiro he said i don't agree with him
on much but he's a genuine person who
once helped me for no other reason than
to be nice
he doesn't bend the truth his intentions
are good all of which by the way is true
about Shapiro I don't like to blow his
cover because I know he's got this big
thing about what a bad guy he is but is
it true he does he will go
his way for you he's incredibly generous
he's even been generous to Knowles okay
you know he only backed backed over him
twice I think the last time so of course
they unleash undo plus and do class not
only pulls down the tweet because he's
protecting his profession because the
same machinery that he needs right to
make him famous is the machinery that is
selling all this socialist stuff but not
only does he pull the tweet recommending
ban he then gets out and he says
basically he says the Ben is hateful he
says he's a racist you know all the
stuff that sexist racist homophobic all
this stuff that actually isn't so he's
say he now throws Ben under the bus
Shapiro didn't call up through plus and
say hey could you recommend following me
and this assassination stuff is what
goes on you know it happened to a judge
one of president Trump's nominees a guy
named Ryan bounce Tim Scott who is a
senator that I really respect he's the
only black Republican senator and he
seems like a good guy a straight arrow
guy but he basically nixed a appeals
court nominee Ryan bounced because of
stuff that bounds wrote in college where
he said he thought it was wrong he was
complaining about multicultural
organizations that divided up by race
for their feel-good ethnic odones and he
said well white students don't seem to
need an Aryan Student Union why should
there be a black student union and Scott
mixed him for that which i think is I
think is wrong now maybe look Scott is a
good guy maybe he knew more than I know
this is I'm just telling you what I read
in the papers and read and anti-trump
papers to make sure I was getting all
the worst stuff but you should be able
to say things in college and right
things in college that maybe later on
you change your mind about and I don't
personally think that's so bad what he
said but even so even if he didn't agree
with it anymore you've got to be able to
explore ideas you've got to be able to
be wrong sometimes been answer do plot
do plus by putting out a thing on all
the things that he had said that he
regretted and all the things that he was
attacked for that he didn't regret
saying because Ben knows - you know
Bennet knows - that this machinery is
very very destructive but the thing is
the thing is it's a way of arguing that
we have all gotten used to and this is
really important when somebody says
something to me that I disagree with I
say here's why I disagree with that I
don't say oh yeah well I
researched you and back in college you
know you slept with a girl who had five
drinks that's not an argument that is
not an argument when somebody says we
should have socialism it's not an
argument to say well you slept with a
drunk girl in college when somebody says
we should ban abortions it's not an
argument to say oh well you know you
once stole some money from a store you
know that's not an argument and so the
problem that the left has is they have
this huge machinery and everything they
think is untrue socialism destroys the
economy you know abortion really is
killing I mean you can make arguments
for abortion but you have got to accept
the fact that you are killing what will
be a full human being in time what this
woke stuff is pure racism even so-called
corrective racism is racism and because
all this stuff is true and open borders
do increase crime and they're just
insane because you need borders to have
a country all these things their
arguments are bad so character
assassination is what they've got right
and so they've built this big machine
this big machine that not only sells
democracy this socialism not only sells
anti-democratic means not only sells
abortion not only sells open borders it
also sells publicity it also sells favor
you know let me show you a whole it's
almost hilarious it would be hilarious
if it weren't so awful brian Stelter is
is plugging The Handmaid's Tale now you
all know the handmade cells this
dystopian thing is based on a novel I
read the novel haven't seen the show I
will tell you that the show is made in
part by people I know and people I have
worked with who I think are as talented
as anybody in Hollywood as talented and
intelligent I'm sure the show is good I
just didn't happen to like the novel so
I didn't watch the show but they selling
this a dystopian show in which women
have lost all their rights and they're
forced to go around dressed like The
Flying Nun and those big hats I don't
know what the point of those big Hassman
Sally Field at least could fly around
wherever the hell she lived that's
nothing but I don't know why they're
wearing these in in this thing but
anyway they wear these hats and they're
forced to have babies bottle of all blah
blah brian Stelter is promoting this as
in fact the hands maids tell people have
promoted it as being an actual
commentary on Trump's America just
listen to a minute of this
unbelievable in the world of trunk plot
lines that were once thought to be too
outlandish are no longer I would be very
happy if my show became irrelevant as
quickly as possible
Bruce Miller is the creator of Hulu's
breakout emmy-winning series The
Handmaid's Tale conceived before the
election the chilling show went on to
capture the lightening of the current
political environment our writers room
is very news aware Trump pushing out all
these hot-button issues brings them to
the fore and they become conversations
in the writers room hard to fathom since
The Handmaid's Tale is a dystopian show
set in a made-up place called Gilead
where women's rights have been stripped
under a twisted totalitarian regime
we don't do anything on the show that
hasn't happened isn't happening to women
somewhere in the world it feels like a
cautionary tale more than ever what does
it mean for this program to be on now
and the Trump age has far more meaning
and urgency as we see women's rights
particularly women's reproductive rights
under attack yet again unbelievable now
when he says that we don't do anything
on the show that isn't happening to
women somewhere in the world I agree but
it's happening in the Muslim world not
this world not the world that we live in
the lovely western world that we live in
where women have any right you can
imagine there is an argument to be had
about abortion that we were not allowed
to have because the Supreme Court shut
the political process down with roe v
wade there's an argument to be had about
abortion it is not just about a woman's
right it is also about the babies right
there's another person involved that's
not the Handmaid's Tale that people want
to debate abortion it's insane
but let me just tell you how this works
all right the people who make this show
they want the show to succeed they want
people to watch it they want to get a
garner an audience of course they do I
want audiences for the things I do we
all do they can go on brian Stelter
brian Stelter focuses on the news if
they have a news hook back in the 80s I
wrote what I think is a really good
crime story called
a shock to the system sorry Michael
Caine it was based on the excellent
excellent novel by Simon Brett and I it
in part not as an attack on Ronald
Reagan but as a commentary on the Reagan
age of people where they said greed is
good okay and I the only point of the
show is basically capitalism needs moral
limits that was kind of the point of the
thing but that was a theme it's really
just a murder story right that was that
the theme was that like this guy just
takes success you know even the desire
for success needs moral limits so that
that was kind of the theme but this
story is a murder story the New York
Times called me up and at the same time
there was a show a movie called oh gosh
I cannot remember his with teenagers in
a high school who started killing people
and it was coming out of it almost is
exactly the same time it had a one-word
title can't remember the guy from the
New York Times calls me up and he says
what is the meaning of this trend of
where movies are about murder
and I very I'm still to this day a very
naive teller of truth when you asked me
a question I tend to tell you the truth
right and so I said I don't think it's a
trend that's ridiculous
so they didn't quote me and they didn't
promote the movie right and I of course
I learned from that today I would have
said something to try and get the movie
promoted because that was my job I
didn't understand I thought when people
asked you something you told the truth I
still feel that way it's still the first
thing that comes out of my mouth when
people ask me a question is what I think
is the truth but still that was not
playing to the Machine all right so now
we're in the position so now we have
this guy James Gunn and James Gunn is at
the top of howl at the Hollywood food
chain he's directing the guardian of the
galaxy I think he wrote and directed the
first one and now he was directing
number three so this alt-right guy
what's his name Michael Serna bitch
right and he is a real he's the real
with it they call everybody alright
that's probably called me all right at
this point but Michael Stonebridge is a
really all right guy and he goes after
him and he digs up all these tweets that
gun made about rape and pedophilia and
Disney dumps him okay so and by the way
gun had called for boycotts of Laura
Ingraham so he was being hoisted on his
own petard
the machine that the left created was
that was turned against him and a lot of
right-wingers said well good you know
turnabout is fair play and some
right-wingers who were more thoughtful
kind of wrung their hands about it and
said do we want to get in this game
where we stop arguing see we have good
arguments we have arguments for freedom
we have arguments for prosperity the
stuff we do works the stuff we are
believing it dignifies people in a
flip-up lifts people and yeah there are
all kinds of arguments within the
conservative community and arguments
between conservatives and reasonable
liberals that can be had all kinds but
but still our arguments tend to make
life better as we see under trump where
the economy is soaring so we don't we
tend not to try to character assassinate
people but the problem I have with gun
and I'm holding fire on gun if he if all
he did was make jokes I don't think he
should be fired I don't think anybody
should be fired for making jokes I make
all kinds of jokes you know you have
heard me preach it about racism how I
think it is an absolute attack on God I
think racism is an attack on God I also
believe in making racial jokes
should be joke about that of everything
that's part of how you expel some of the
hostility natural craziness that people
have I think it's a great thing all
right but I'm holding fire on gun
because Hollywood has a pedophilia
problem and that is what we're bringing
on Knowles to talk about after the break
we want I want to talk about the fact
that this is a problem in Hollywood
every time it comes up it gets squelched
and it gets squelched fast and that is
because powerful powerful people are
involved so I'm holding fire judgment on
gun what Disney knew about him what they
didn't know his tweets were really ugly
not funny you know I don't know why
there are so many jokes about pedophilia
but we'll talk to knowles about that
when he comes on but the thing i want to
emphasize is this the idea that this is
new under trump is ridiculous and the
idea that the left cares about character
is absurd over the weekend I watched
Chappaquiddick I finally got to see
Chappaquiddick which was good and it's I
think it's made by lefties were
attacking Teddy Kennedy from the left
but it's pretty journalistic right they
don't tell they don't say what they
don't know they don't say that Teddy
Kennedy was having an affair with Mary
Jo Kopechne II they make it just a
little bit blurry you just don't know
but he obviously knew her he was
obviously a heavy drinker he was
obviously a guy who cheated on his wife
a lot drove off the cliff left her there
she might have survived if he had
reported it his friends told him to
report it he said he would report it and
he didn't and they follow that and they
also follow how the Kennedy machine
gathers around him to help basically
squelch this thing in the hope that one
day Teddy Kennedy can still run for
office here's a brief scene as cut
number nine where they all these famous
guys from the John F Kennedy
administration get together to help
Teddy strategize how to cover up the
clearly illegal manslaughter of this
woman
we need to remind the American people
what this family has been through now
are you planning on doing that Ted we
tell the truth or at least our version
of it now I followed mine the best I
could that night of me and Paul and Joe
we did everything we could to save that
poor girl so they basically engineer he
never made it to the presidency but he
did get reelected forever to Congress
where to the Senate
in Massachusetts where he used his
position to assassinate the character of
Robert Bork Robert Bork was a regional
list constitutional judge whom Ronald
Reagan appointed as justice - thus to be
nominated to be a Justice of the Supreme
Court and Teddy Kennedy led the
assassination of this character to the
point where it became known as boring it
was called working here is a moment of
Teddy Kennedy working Robert Bork there
is no room at the end for blacks and no
place in the Constitution for women and
in our America there should be no seat
on the Supreme Court for Robert Bork
mr. Bork has been equally extreme in his
opposition to the right to privacy in an
article in 1971 he said in effect that a
husband and wife have no greater right
to privacy under the Constitution than a
smokestack has to pollute the air but I
hear you're saying here now is that the
test that was used about 90 years ago
and which was the basis for
discrimination against women is a the
standard that you would use you may be
able to elaborate on it but that's at
least what I'm the hearing it was it was
appalling I mean by the end of it they
were saying well Bork had tried pot in
college how could you serve on the
Supreme Court when you had violated the
law you know that was the kind of thing
they did this was a really fine justice
and he was destroyed by these guys it
was appalling and here is a guy who
drove this woman off off a bridge left
her there went home to establish an
alibi there's no question that he did
this that Teddy Kennedy did this and it
looks like the people who found her said
it looked like she did not drown in the
car she suffocated as the air ran out of
the air bubble in the car and it may
have taken her as long as 25 minutes
which meant if he that if he had gotten
out run to the nearest house called the
the police she might have been saved I
mean it's an appalling appalling story
here is just some clips from our friends
at News Buster's of how the news handled
the death of Teddy Kennedy listen
this we're going to begin something can
you see this going by it is a scroll and
it's going to continue we will not
finish it before we take a break because
it's senator Kennedy's legacy 46 years
of service 300 bills passed if you're in
a wheelchair that ramp is thanks to Ted
Kennedy if you earn the minimum wage you
make more because of Ted Kennedy the
heavens were weeping for Teddy Kennedy
today they forgot to mention if you find
yourself suffocating in a car that
should be that you can thank Ted Kennedy
as well my point is this right the
character assassination machinery and
the machinery that sells Democrats
version of America the socialism the
America is always wrong the open border
the abortion this is the same machine it
is the same machine and it has zero
moral authority and if people cannot
stand up to that machine if people are
so ambitious if they're so eager for
good publicity that the if they just are
so desperate to have an acting career or
a directing career they can't stand up
to that machine then you have a machine
for the destruction of conservatives the
destruction of conservatism and the
destruction of anyone who stands up
against the Democrat deep state I mean
that is what you have and and that's
what we're seeing and that is why it's
kind of that's why it's really hard for
me to attack Trump even when he does
things I don't like because I understand
the Trump as a celebrity understands the
Machine and is using his celebrity to
fight back against that he's using
essentially the same methods that they
use on everybody else and so like over
you know over the weekend they released
Dodgers Friday they have these Friday
news dumps they finally released this
FISA warrant that they've been trying to
pry out of the FBI and they were adapted
almost everything but the fact was it
showed that when they asked for the
ability to spy on Carter page a guy who
had not been with the Trump campaign for
months by the time they started spying
on him they said oh we have evidence
that he was you know that he was
colluding with the Russians and they
used this steel dossier this stuff that
was Russian propaganda bought and paid
for by the DNC and Hillary Clinton and
they didn't say they
said well it may have been collected in
a footnote they say it may have been
collected by people trying to get you
know Oppo research on Donald Trump but
that could have been anybody right that
could have been another one of his felt
it could've been Ted Cruz we could have
been anybody they did not say its
provenance and they just what they
basically lied I was it was just a
mistake and it this actually does
justify what Devin Noonan has said was
happening when they when he and his
committee released that report saying
this was unfair so now they're seizing
on the fact that there was this footnote
to say oh this disproves everything the
Republicans say the most one of the most
dishonest news pieces I have ever seen
and that is saying a lot that's in the
front page of the New York Times they
call it news analysis now everybody who
reads the New York Times with open eyes
knows that news analysis means an
editorial that we're putting on the
front page even at by that standard this
was incredibly dishonest this is Charlie
Savage writing this piece about this
FISA warrant and I you know I don't
wanna get into the deep weeds about it
but he says when President Trump
Declassified a memo by House Republicans
in February that portrayed the
surveillance of a former campaign
adviser as scandalous his motivation was
clear it was to give congressional
allies and conservative commentators
another avenue to paint the Justice
Department's investigation into Russian
election interference has tainted from
the start but this past weekend mr.
Trump's unprecedented decision which he
made over the objections of law
enforcement and intelligence officials
had a consequence that revealed his
gambits shaky foundation the government
released the court documents in which
the FBI made his case for conducting the
surveillance records that plainly
demonstrated that key elements of
Republicans claims about the bureau's
actions were misleading or false you
have to get like 12 paragraphs down I've
lost count of how many paragraphs get
down before you find out that everything
in the Republican memo was true you have
everything and and it's just you he goes
on and on and on before you get down to
the bottom of thing and Adam Schiff who
as I say is is playing by the Joe
McCarthy handbook no question about it
Adam Schiff is still just throwing these
charges out that Trump play the Adam
Schiff clot just to show if this is this
is embarrassing if this isn't what Putin
wants people doing I don't know what is
well I certainly think he's acting like
someone who's come from
and it may very well be that he is
compromised or may very well be that he
believes that he's compromised that the
Russians have information on him we were
not permitted to look into one of the
allegations that was most serious to me
and that is were the Russians laundering
money through the Trump Organization the
Republicans wouldn't allow us to go near
that I hope that Bob Muller is
investigating it because again if that's
the leverage the Russians are using it
would not only explain the president's
behavior but it would help protect the
country by knowing that in fact our
president was compromised he got a plate
rake out he's response about Russian
collusion this is hilarious couting said
there's no evidence of Russian collusion
listen to this I have not seen one
scintilla of evidence that this
president colluded conspired
Confederated with Russia and neither has
anyone else or you may rest assured Adam
Schiff would have leaked it so that's
why they've moved off of collusion onto
obstruction of justice which is now
their current preoccupation so if you
had the evidence ship would have leaked
it I mean that's pretty that's pretty
good so the the the point I make is
always just always remember if you make
the Handmaid's Tale and I'm not saying
the shows no good like I said it's made
by some of the most talented people I've
met out here if you make the Handmaid's
Tale you go on brian Stelter and say
it's about trump you get the publicity
you need you get the audience you want
if you're Ben Shapiro and you get slimed
you're pretty much on your own I mean we
will stand up for Ben because we know
who he is but brian Stelter ain't gonna
do it the New York Times is not gonna do
it ABC NBC CBS we're not gonna do it
because the machine is all on one side
and it's the same machine that both
slanders and creates the success that a
lot of people are looking for all right
I'm gonna talk about what we're gonna
talk about why I'm holding fire and des
judging whether James Gunn was just
making jokes or not with Michael Knowles
as we talked about a little tiny problem
that Hollywood has with little tiny
people
well that is coming up but first I got
to say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
come to the Daily wired.com and you can
watch the whole show if you would just
subscribe for ten lousy bucks you know
they're giving us hell on YouTube
they're making it so hard for us to
promote our stuff on YouTube so if you
come on over to the daily wire.com
for a lousy hundred bucks a year you can
watch me you can watch Ben you can even
watch the Noles
had a few and you also will get the
leftist tears tumblr in which you can
drink your leftist here's hot or cold
alright mr. Knowles
nice shirt this is the merch store is
finally open right it's so you know
we've been promising that the merch
store is gonna roll out every five
minutes for the past three years but I
don't know I've been wearing some shirts
on the shows some people have been
getting emails you know you see what you
get I like it I like it I'd the fact
that you're wearing a Shapiro shows
shirt shows you're a very forgiving
individual well it really it's
self-preservation at this point Ben is
ready to bulldoze my entire studio so I
think you know I've got every once in a
while I've got to get a Shapiro shirt on
I think I recruited mark Duplass he's a
wonderful guy only as tortured you death
by 500 cuts it's right by a thousand
cuts but is it and it's a sanctifying
experience look I'm a Catholic we're all
about mortification this really is
helping me out that's right that's right
it's good for you it's good for so
here's the thing you know I don't know
anything about James Gunn and I'm not
accusing him of anything I just know
that there are an awful lot of jokes
about pedophilia flying around Hollywood
and an awful lot of accusations that
that really it's something kind of a
going thing is am i right this is the
weird thing I mean the question of
whether James Gunn made jokes why we
people went out to get my whatever you
know that is sort of a separate cultural
issue right nevertheless and totally
regardless of that issue pedophilia is a
huge problem in Hollywood there is a
conspiracy the witches are real and it's
being covered up yep and it's been
covered up for decades and this is a
little weird thing I guess the jokes are
kind of a way into this after this all
came out now it's a tit-for-tat of you
told worst jokes fifteen years ago or
this or that
Patton Oswalt the alleged comedian came
out and he tweeted ten years ago this
was just dug up again my dong is super
friendly and loves getting rubbed by
children hashtag career-ending Twitter
typos okay it's a typo you meant the dog
or dry okay that's kind of funny right
now then we found another one that came
out Sarah Silverman hey is it considered
at molestation if the child makes the
first move I'm gonna need a quick answer
on this okay it's a little little less
we a little more on the nose whatever
then Michael Ian Black that got a crazy
anti-trump comedian he's so angry all
the time he says he tweeted out this is
years ago I don't like watching icarly
that's a children's show with my
daughter because there's nobody on that
show I want to molest yeah okay
now okay they seem to be getting a
little stranger and the other thing is
we talk about everything we joke about
everything you joke all the time but
these these guys in Hollywood seem to be
joking about pedophilia a
disproportionate amount it's a little
weird it's also interesting how unfunny
those tweets are the first or the first
one the Patton Oswalt thing borderline
funny yeah yeah at least it's sort of
recognizably a joke the others though
you really wonder and there is this
trend that has gone on in Hollywood on a
twofold one of molesting children and
covering it up and then making art
producing movies that seem to normalize
sexual relations with minors this is
John Nolte over Breitbart has been
screaming about this for years yeah so
the when you look at those movies they
they really all seem to take place in a
certain period of time I actually think
Nolte might have had something to do
with them stopping this because this
period between 2001 2006 2007 you had
all of these movies this is from from
Nolte's just one article about it notes
on a scandal birth towelhead the
woodsman little children lie they all
made these sympathetic pedophile
characters and then he he wrote a long
piece in 2008 about the reader do you
remember that movie yeah oh yeah do I
ever yes that movie drove me crazy
because the woman who's supposed to be
the heroine of the movie is a sleeping
with a fifteen-year-old boy
be a Nazi and and then you know which
when she I'm gonna give the end of the
movie away but when she kills herself
you're supposed to you know kind of shed
a tear and I was like my god she's a
child molester
oh no she's a Nazi oh thank Heaven she's
read to me was the plot of the movie
that's a comedy all's well that ends
well so there's there's that aspect of
it and then what's what's really weird
there have been a ton of pedophiles in
Hollywood charged convicted and they
start working again what's really weird
is they get brought back into it people
all the time they focus
the Catholic Church Hollywood focuses on
the Catholic Church they say the
Catholic Church was abusing children the
percentage of Catholic priests who were
abusing children is lower than a school
teachers in the public school system it
was very low and usually they were dealt
with not so in Hollywood here are just a
few examples you can pull this just
google it I mean you'll get dozens and
dozens of examples Bob Villard that was
the manager of Leonardo DiCaprio and
Tobey Maguire when there were children
in 1987 before Leonardo DiCaprio ever
started acting before he became this big
manager the Lord was charged with
possession of child pornography
the prosecution couldn't prove it so he
went off and got scot-free in 2001 he
was caught with a collection of sexually
explicit photos of young boys Wow he
went to jail served his time got out
went right back to managing kids
Hollywood embraced him again in 2005 he
molested a 13 year old boy who he was
courting as a client the DA in that case
said quote that's just what's done this
is all normal in the industry that was
the defense of the prosecutions of them
no I'm sorry that was the prosecutor
yeah yeah the then there's the case of
Brian singer you might have heard this
one this ought to make the papers a
little the director of x-men of the
usual suspects he was accused of
assaulting a sexually three teen boys 15
year old and a 14 year old and like
pretty violent assaults giving them
drugs giving them booze holding them
down forcing them against their will
other children too this is all sort of
unproven but there's a lot of clouds
around him he's still successful and a
lot of his friends have been accused by
other people of hosting these parties
Hollywood parties with Bryan Singer
there's this guy Mark Collins rector he
owns a media company he was accused of
raping a young actor while holding a gun
to his head he also raped another actor
is accused of raping another actor who
was then given a role in Bryan Singer's
film hmm he fled the country the boys
were awarded over four million dollars
by the court on and on another friend of
Bryan Singer Brian Peck he he also went
to jail for sexually assaulting a 15
year old in between working on two x-men
movies so he actually got a part in a
movie after he went to jail for sexually
assaulting this kid and then after that
he was hired back by
Disney by the company that fired James
gun as with his old job as a dialogue
coach on a children's program more and
more you remember seeing the Cory's
Corey Haim and Corey Feld yeah they
talked about their sexual abuse Corey
Feldman mentioned this and Barbara
Walters basically told him to shut up
how dare you they did I mean you know
this is the woman who also normalized
the Fidel Castro she did tell him to be
quiet
he keeps saying I mean Feldman keeps
saying that there's some very big guy
who he's afraid to name I was told once
I was told once when I asked around
about this to shut up or somebody would
I would end up in a ditch I mean I told
by a friend not by an enemy has just
said you know you don't want it you you
will disappear if you actually go after
this guy when I mentioned his name you
know and I and I don't have the proof so
I can't I'm not gonna slander the guy
but still this is this is like an open
secret and with Corey Feldman came out
with that stuff people got nervous they
were scared Bryan Singer I have heard
openly jokes about dating underage guys
you know that I mean that's that's I've
heard that secondhand but still these
all these jokes you think like well okay
you know jokes are jokes but but this
just permeates the industry yeah this is
a real problem it's another sort of
thing if you were saying earlier it's
perfectly fine to make racial jokes as
long as you're not yeah as long as
you're not a racist right there's is a
difference between making an Italian
joke or a black joke or an Irish joke
today rather than making a black joke
you know in the antebellum south when
there's a central problem in society
perhaps people should address that I
mean even the exhibits what's so crazy
because you've had all of these kids
allege these things Elijah Wood talked
about this Corey Feldman obviously but
we didn't we haven't even brought up
Michael Jackson yet yep we know Michael
Jackson gave coke cans full of wine that
he called Jesus juice to children he
regularly slept with multiple children
in his bed who he was not related to he
we know because investigators found it
he kept a huge stash of porn as well as
sexual imagery featuring children S&M
sadomasochism animal torture and
sacrifice this is all according to that
2003 investigation images of children
being tortured nude children
as he kept it a hip photos of macaulay
culkin stuffed animals really crazy
stuff music used multiple times of child
molestation what happened he got off he
was acquitted yeah and so many other
people there was an another guy who was
accused of Martin Weiss he was a manager
used by Nickelodeon and Disney as a
talent scout he was accused of sexually
assaulting a kid between the ages of
eleven fourteen he pled no contest he
was released the day he was sentenced he
said they said Oh time served you're out
and they get to go right back to
Hollywood you know it's really I was
talking about the fact that finally
watched the movie Chappaquiddick and
they depict Mary Jo Kopechne Eze parents
as kind of thankful to Teddy Kennedy
because they're so in awe of him he's so
powerful he was such an important person
in their daughter's life and they never
and the press trying to basically clean
clean up Kennedy's act or we're
constantly quoting the parents saying
you know we're past it we want to let it
go same thing with Michael Jackson the
parents came in and said oh no you know
we don't we had no problem with this but
because people are so enamored of
celebrities because they really don't
understand the level of evil that famous
people can commit while still looking
great on television because they don't
understand us and it really is up to law
enforcement and people in the know to
condemn these people and that is why I
simply do not think a guy who goes to
prison for molesting children should be
like welcomed into any community after
that I think that if you know these
people don't change they don't you know
you don't grow out of that stuff you may
stop doing it and good then you should
be able to get a job but not necessarily
at the top of Hollywood and not
necessarily in an industry that really
is suspect we're having a mafia of
people doing this and and by the way
there are there is example after example
of these people who go to jail for
molesting children in Hollywood they get
out they go right back to the industry
they were go right back to molesting
them again it's on and on and by the way
the problem is is pretty deep it's
pretty disgusting because when Corey
Feldman went out I believe in 1993 he
named the people who abused him he
accused people out right before the
statute of limitations ran out nothing
happened yeah nothing was done about it
which means that the problem runs a lot
deeper and this is this is not just a
matter of jokes perhaps people telling
jokes gets swept up in it
perhaps there's something deeper there
is a question with James Gunn that he
may have corresponded and publicly
corresponded with a person who was
convicted of possessing child
pornography about that kind of material
that's a question that's left for James
Gunn is it just jokes or is it is it
more than just I mean you know if we're
gonna fire people over me to which I by
the way some of this me to stuff I'm
kind of against you know the the when
they throw a guy out who's been
misbehaving and everybody knew it
my feeling is well if everybody knew it
everybody should be thrown out or nobody
should like let him let him stay and
change the rules but you know if adult
women if adult women are gonna say well
I I said yes but I meant no and you know
I didn't object well how was gonna
defend children I'm you know we're gonna
stand up for women which is fine with me
aren't we gonna stand up for children -
it is just absurd it really is it's an
unpleasant topic I'm sorry you have to
deal with it but I think like it is
really important that people understand
that something is genuinely rotten on
this subject in the state of although I
have to tell you it is it is a
thoroughly and profoundly unpleasant
topic but you also made me watch
Southside with you and bury that time so
all right I'm just chromis that's
exactly what are you talking about on
your show today I'm gonna be talking
about the double standards it'll open
with James Gunn but I want to talk about
how Donald Trump is basically like
samuel l.jackson and pulp fiction he is
the Vengeance of the Lord upon
hypocrites out here and we'll analyze
why that's a very good thing and pretty
ugly - you're gonna get invited to the
White House one of these days that's
which will never happen to me
see you later no thanks really really
interesting all right let's do our
crappy culture
so over the weekend at the suggestion of
my beloved wife
I watched or started to watch a comedy
show by a Tasmanian woman which is you
know I guess off the coast of Australia
or something named Hannah Gatsby and she
is a lesbian and she has a show on
Netflix called Nanette and it's called
Nanette for weird reasons that nothing
to do with in it but the show starts off
with her making mildly funny jokes and
she's kind of charming she's got a
charming presence making mildly funny
jokes about being a lesbian sod la la la
then about 15 to 20 minutes in she
changes the tone and says basically
she's retiring from comedy because she
feels that she's using humor to hide her
pain and her pain and then she starts
talking about the fact that she was
molested she was abused and it's really
angry especially angry against men and
white men it's too bad for them you know
it's their time is over and then you
stink and all this really angry stuff
totally unfunny totally uncharged
well he or she talked I couldn't put any
of it on cause she's so foul-mouthed so
here's an interview she gave talking
about why she wants to retire from
comedy power in the human you know to do
it with humour and you know because you
know when you talk about things with
such weight it doesn't do anything
infected weighs you down more
you know to do it to just talk about
those things with a friend with
lightheartedness or the attempt at humor
is an attempt to connect but we're
living in a very uneven world at the
moment so when I stand onstage I'm on a
second-class citizen trying to make you
know there's you know straight people
laugh I mean I'm not interested in
making him feel better anymore
she's not interested in straight people
anymore so like she's at war you know
and now she just wants the anger she
just wants the pain at Ricochet my pal
John Gabriel wrote a spectacular piece
really great read you should look at it
at it called the left gives up on comedy
and he talks about how this basically
deconstruction of her own show was
praised and he says the New York Times
acclaim
the set as comedy arguing against comedy
according to the Atlantic the most
radical thing Hannah Gatsby does in a
net is simple she stops being funny
cosmopolitan raves I cry just thinking
about Hannah Gatsby's new stand-up set
in a net those definitely aren't tears
of joy
perhaps Gatsby is dropping stand-up
comedy for stand-up tragedy halfway
through her set the Australian comic
officially announces that she's retiring
it's probably not the former form to
make such an announcement she adds
anyway he goes on to say that Gatsby is
just the latest progressed of giving up
jokes
comedians mostly celebrated moments
these days are lat laughter fray Jimmy
Kimmel was praised for weeping through a
monologue about health care policy Kathy
Griffin fainted during her stand-up set
about blowback from her funk the heading
Saturday Night Live highlighted
highlighted a somber musical elegy to
Hilary Clinton in a 2017 wrap-up the New
York Times enthused that the most
memorable moments of the year in comedy
were not funny and John Gabriel ends at
ricochet ends this age of political
buffoonery media panic and perpetual
outrage is a comedy gold mine right when
many Kent comedians are losing their
sense of humor the thing is of course
comedy comes from pain and of course
comedy comes from anger we all have pain
we all have anger comedians or people
who can translate that into something
golden how would it be if I started
telling a story if I wrote the next
season of another Kingdom and I put it
up and halfway through I said you know
the only reason I can tell these stories
is because I've been through an
emotional painful emotional journey
myself as is what informs my knowledge
of mankind and now I'm gonna stop the
story that I'm tired to tell them so I'm
just gonna tell you about my emotional
pain yeah it's cheap it's not what I'm
there to do it's not doing your job I'm
sorry she's in pain and by the way I
think she's right that comedy can reopen
the wounds I know that writing fiction
does I know they're one of the things I
really dislike about writing fiction is
that I have to leave pathways open to
pain that I would have long been over
childhood things and that I would long
have been over if I weren't constantly
reopening the wounds to get at the
source of feeling that I put into
stories that's part of my job if I don't
want to do that job anymore
I can stop
but it's none of your business I don't
have to bother you about it you're not
paying for that you're paying for the
story you're paying for the comedy this
is deconstructing something to the point
where there's no longer the thing that
you were paying to get and as Gabriel
points out in his excellent piece the
left gives up on comedy she's there to
entertain she you know we're here to be
entertained we have our own pain we have
our own anger we want some comedy to get
us away from that and if she is so angry
so angry that she can no longer laugh
maybe she's right she should retire but
she should also get a psychiatrist all
right I'm a drew Clavin this is the
Andrew Clavin show we will be back again
tomorrow we have got Daniel Silva
thermitic excellent interview with the
great thriller writer Daniel Silva he
was he was just terrific and it was a
really good interview be there then we
will be there as well
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena
hair and makeup is by Joshua alvera the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
