some of that some of the more the most
interesting conversations have happened
over even deeper issues so you and I and
Sam Harris we're all on stage together
in San Francisco and we ended up in a
two hour long conversation about
everything from freewill to morality and
values and the argument that I've been
making is one of the things that's
broken in the West is that there is not
a common sense of values anymore that
that has basically been shattered that
even even though Sam and I hold a lot of
the values in common the place we get
those values is very different than I
frankly don't understand how Sam gets to
his values from his own perspective is
basically a materialist neurobiologist
it doesn't make it doesn't make a whole
hell of a lot of sense to me so how do
we find that set of common values or
should we just stop asking the question
basically should I just be happy the Tim
and I agree on the stuff and then we and
then we sort of let it go at that I'm
happy to do that but I'm not sure that I
think the reason in my perspective that
we argue about this stuff is because I
think that Sam's perspective on values
well I agree with his values are
unsustainable in the long run that it's
not sustainable beyond the people who
really like Sam and follow Sam whereas I
think that at least trying to appeal to
some source of objective morality that's
beyond my own reason is is replicable
and has been replicable throughout human
history yeah this is an interesting
question I mostly stayed out of it
because I think that the audience
probably wanted to see the atheist and
the guy right in Klaus exactly but I had
a very different take I think than both
of you and I came at it from sort of a
evolutionary biology perspective from my
perspective the key issue is is that Sam
begins with some concept which he calls
human flourishing which I don't know has
ever fully fleshed out and from what I
can tell the great danger with humans is
is that we can wake up and look at
theories of selection and say oh my gosh
this is the game that brought us here
and even if evolution is the engine that
created us we don't need to keep playing
that game so for example we don't need
to have children because we have birth
control so even if we want to have sex
we can get involved in and break that
linkage and these are things or have to
do with the way in which the human body
is constructed we think about proximate
and ultimate s-- approximate is thirst
but the ultimate is D
hydration approximate is hunger but the
ultimate you know is lack of nutrition
right so what happens is is that what
happens if the mind suddenly wakes up
and decides that it wants to pursue
proximate pleasure and if you break the
body into two kinds of tissue soma and
germ you the germ is your lineage what
contributes to your having children and
that is the thing that is immortal but
the soma is disposable and so we're all
in danger that the soma that is our mind
can wake up and say hey I just want to
have fun and I want to have pleasure I'm
gonna define human flourishing to be
whatever it is that I particularly enjoy
now it's not true that every atheist is
gonna go crazy like far from it but the
problem is is that it doesn't
necessarily scale so I'm in the odd
position of basically being an atheist
who is very sympathetic to religion and
who in fact attends you know services
and has a temple in large measure
because I believe that the brain has a
sort of Chomsky and pre grammar of
religion and that is that what what
sustained us was a belief in something
longer than our somatic lives we all
feel that usually in terms of our
children even atheists but the key
question is let's imagine that you don't
have any children are you going to make
investments that are going to benefit
future generations if you don't believe
that there's anything that happens after
you die and there's no purpose and
there's no meaning so the way in which
it comes down for me is is that the
reason religions out-compete rationality
which is quite surprising if you if you
think about it is this issue that the
religions keep soma from waking up and
redefining human flourishing to be
somatic and that is probably the thing
that I think Sam has not fully addressed
now Sam is the unusual because he is the
atheist who sees the value in religion
clearly and says I think we can
accomplish all that religion does well
from the perspective of of reason so
it's not that we have to convince him
that religions do many things well but
we have to convince him of is is that it
may be the case that certain asks
Effects of atheists seeing human
flourishing as intergenerational lineage
level behavior maybe that doesn't scale
and it only scales when you actually
believe that there's some meaning and
purpose that's larger than yourself
