well before we begin I was I was reading
an email earlier this morning from from
somebody responding to my show yesterday
which was about masculinity and she says
that there's too much macho manly stuff
going on in the culture and it's it's
okay for a man to cry you know the show
is feminine side and cry I like a man
who cries is what you said and that just
got me thinking and I wanted to
stipulate this just kind of as a public
service announcement at the top and it's
not related to anything else we're going
to talk about but let me just stipulate
one thing about crying it is is
generally not okay for a man to cry
except for in in the following seven
situations there are seven situations
where a man can cry the first one death
of a loved one
obviously crying's okay there the second
one a major milestone involving your
kids like when your kid is born when
child graduates that sort of thing
the third thing during an intense
spiritual experience crying is okay
there the fourth of course when you're
watching the the final scene of Rudy
when when they're chanting for Rudy and
he finally comes out he makes them he
makes a tackle and the tackle is totally
irrelevant because the game's basically
over
but it's he's been working for his whole
life and then everyone's cheering and
his dad is there and they carry him off
the field you can you can weep over that
as a man the the fifth thing if you're
kicked in the shins by a horse I think
is a good is a fine crying situation the
sixth thing if your if your wife makes
you a lasagna that is just so good that
it brings you to tears that's acceptable
seven if you go to somebody's house and
this has happened to me before you go to
somebody's house and they say oh we're
having chili and you say oh wow this
makes my day and then they serve you the
bowl of chili but then you discover that
the chili is made with ground turkey
and black beans then it's it's
acceptable actually to throw the the the
hot bowl of chili at the person who
served it to you and cry and that's
acceptable not only morally and
ethically but also legally I believe
that's the the law stipulates that I'd
pretty sure in most states anyway those
are the seven times and there are in
there are no other times that's it those
are the only times when you're allowed
to cry as a man but I can expand on that
some other time I want to respond to
something else
actually as as I've as I've mentioned
before I get complaints about the
religious content on my show quite a bit
people complain you know that I talk
about God too much and there's too much
Jesus stuff especially after I did the
last show I was talking about doubt and
what do you do about religious doubts
and there was a ton of complaints from
people about why are you talking about
God again I don't want to hear this and
it makes sense for them to complain
because it is true that I will go into
people's homes with a loaded gun and
force them under threat of death to
watch my show so it makes sense for them
to complain that they don't like the
content because they're forced
physically to watch it now if I if I
weren't forcing people physically to
watch it it would make no sense at all
to complain about my content it would
make sense simply to not watch it and go
live your life and do something else
because there are after all probably
like a hundred thousand different
podcasts and shows that I'm not
interested in that talk about content
that I don't find interesting but I
don't show up to announce hello this
content doesn't interest me I am NOT
interested in this content and I will
watch the entire thing and remain here
and leave comments letting you know how
uninterested I am I don't do that but
some people follow a different strategy
I guess some people are under the
impression that everything that happens
in the universe must cater to their
special in
and if it doesn't then they'll complain
about it you know then then they'll
barge in and complain it's it's kinda
like if it's like when people come if
you watch whatever platform you're
watching the show on and you look at the
comments and there are people
complaining I don't find this
interesting I don't like this this I
don't like that's like if if you are
walking by somebody's house and the
windows were open and you could hear
what sounded like the people inside
playing Scrabble and so you knocked on
the door and when they answered it you
said I don't like Scrabble and they said
okay did anyone ask you if you liked it
you we weren't even invited to place I
don't know what who are you
what's it what are you doing here at my
house I don't like Scrabble no I don't
like it that's kind of what happens in
the comments section under all my videos
um but when I have a discussion and by
the way I I have decided to change my
policy this is good news I will no
longer be forcing people at gunpoint to
watch or listen I'm gonna stop doing
that I've decided that it's not really
in keeping with my Christian convictions
I won't do that anymore so you are free
everyone is free to not to do what you
want you don't have to be here if you
don't want to be but when I've discussed
before the complaints about the
religious content on my show most of the
time I'm focusing on atheists and
secular people are criticizing for it
unfortunately though and this really
shouldn't be too surprising it's not
only atheists very often I hear from
Christians who are upset that I'm
talking about Christian stuff for
instance got an email from a guy after
that show whoever was - three days ago
and he said and I hear this a lot this
is a this is a very common line that you
hear he said if I wanted to hear about
this I'd go to church and I didn't ask
him but I'm sure if I okay well when do
you go to church well I went in 1987
that's the last time I wanted to hear
about this stuff
now he says he doesn't want to hear
about God and religion all the time
there's a there's a there's a time and
place for it
he said but my own show is not a time or
place he's decided that's not a time or
place
in fact it's if he income comes in
contact with a conversation about
religion then it is immediately not a
time in place it must always happen in
places where he cannot hear it you know
you're saying I need to separate the
religion stuff from everything else and
I shouldn't bring God and religion to
everything and so on and so on and this
again is something that I hear a lot
from Christians in you know when I hear
this it brings to mind a conversation I
had with an atheist a little while ago
and he made a very good point it's it's
it's not it's it was not the first time
I've heard a point like this made by an
atheist but he said you know the reason
I don't believe in God or one of the big
reasons is I don't believe that you
believers actually believe how can I be
convinced about God if the people trying
to convince me aren't convinced
themselves and asked him what he meant
by that and he said and I'm paraphrasing
now but he said if I really believe if I
personally really believe in God if I
really believed a supernatural force was
active in the world and was was and this
force had made me and made the world and
made everything and this force is
watching us now and judging and when I
die I'll either go to eternal paradise
or eternal suffering based on how I live
here and if I really believe that like
angels and demons are around me and
interacting in the world though
invisibly and if I believe that all of
that stuff exists angels Devils hell
heaven God all of that well then I would
be obsessed with that fact I'd be
obsessed with it would be the only thing
I ever thought about or talked about I
would live completely differently I mean
I would live
act and speak and behave as if there
were a supernatural force watching over
me but that's not how Christians in this
country act that's not how they talk
that's not how they carry on not even
close
they mostly just carry on the same as
everyone else
which makes it clear that they don't
really believe what they say they
believe because if they did it would be
such a significant fact I thought that
was a great point and by the way I've
heard a similar point made by
pro-abortion people in relation to
pro-lifers I bet there's ever
pro-abortion people say if you really
believed that babies are being killed
why aren't you acting like - why aren't
you doing anything about it I mean and
they'll say you know if there was a
building down the street where they were
killing two-year-olds I mean I would I
would really act upon that in a way I
mean I wouldn't just sit around and I
think that you know it's hard for us to
hear this but these are very good points
and we need to face them because they're
right and this is the consequence of
being secularized Christians living in a
secularized country this is the
consequence of insisting that God be
separated from normal life and normal
discussions this is the consequence of
treating our religion as something that
belongs only in church the consequence
is that nobody believes us and we don't
really believe ourselves nobody takes us
seriously neither and they shouldn't
because we don't take ourselves
seriously we make these extraordinary
claims about the nature of life and
about what we believe but then that
claim is not reflected in anything else
we do so if you're
jin-sang I don't like all the Jesus dog
it makes me uncomfortable let's talk
about something else
well the atheists around you they may
agree with you and they may be happy
that you're joining them in their
efforts to shut down religious
conversations but they're also laughing
at you in their heads because you're a
ridiculous figure you're a fraud you are
you're laughable and they're right to
see you that way and to treat you like
that
because what what are you doing taking
their side they they believe in a world
where there's no God if it's it's what
makes sense for them to be saying this
stuff but you what are you doing I
thought you believed in this force who
is I mean imagine imagine that God
imagined that you you this is what we
talked about that the video two days ago
but imagine that you did walk outside
your house and you could see you could
literally physically see God in the sky
like he was encompassing I don't mean
that he's living this I mean you seen
this this this infinitely immense being
just hovering over everything right and
looking right at you directly at you
would you not be obsessed with that fact
would you be able to go and talk about
something else and if somebody said to
you hey you know hey about that about
God up there would you say no let's not
talk about that no you wouldn't
but as Chris
we believe that though we can't see him
that is actually literally what's
happening he is there over and above and
in and through everything a personal
being looking directly at us so when we
do this thing which yeah you know I want
to talk about that me well then we we
come off as frauds and we have no chance
of reaching anyone we don't have it we
have no chance of reaching atheists or
anything like that because they know
that it makes no sense for someone who
believes in God to not want to talk
about it and if you believe in God and
you really believe it then it must be
the most relevant thing in your life in
every conversation everything is tied to
this fact but we have participated as
Christians in the secularization of
culture we as Christians have
participated in this process of
separating God from life which we've not
only participated it but we've been the
driving force of it we have been
facilitators of it we've been
encouraging it we have made two
different camps two divisions and so
there's the God camp and then there's
the everything else camp and the god
camp is very small it doesn't get a lot
of room to operate and the everything
else camp encompasses most of the rest
of the landscape and and so that we as
Christians can live in this camp over
here and we can acknowledge that that
that camp exists but it's you that
acknowledgement has no bearing on our
lie on our lives or on our conversations
and we just continue about our life as
if that camp doesn't exist as if it
really is completely severs if the two
things are completely separate we live a
theist lives and if we acknowledge God's
existence at all it's maybe for a few
minutes on Christmas and then maybe if
something happens to us that we really
need we need his help then we might say
Oh God can you come here for a minute I
need a promotion at work yeah just come
here and okay thanks let's Marshall now
back to that go back over there go go go
the point is we've created an
environment that's Christians I think
we've created an environment where faith
in the gospel cannot be preached because
effectively because faith and the gospel
must exist in the culture intertwined
with everything that's what faith
demands considering the claims that it
makes about life it makes claims that if
we believe those claims should alter
everything we do think and say by its
nature faith has to be all-encompassing
it really is an all-or-nothing
proposition people tell me all the time
it's not all or nothing it's not black
or white it is that's exactly what it is
that's exactly what God is all or
nothing he is either all or he is
nothing he cannot be anything in between
but I think we look for that in-between
thing where we want to live and operate
as if there is no God
yet still say that we believe him this
is not this is pretty unprecedented I
think in history
for most of the existence of
Christianity for most of Christendom 's
history this this didn't exist you
didn't have this dichotomy of well
there's God over here and then there's
life right there was none of that
there was just God and faith was was a
part of everything it was just it was he
was ingrained in everything it was your
life and that made sense so if you go
back to supposedly the Dark Ages which
were times much more spiritually
enlightened than the times we live in
now by the way so if those were the dark
ages then I don't know what this is now
but if you go back to the dark at the
middle age is the Dark Age what you're
gonna find is that people they drew no
distinction whatsoever between faith and
religion and life it was all everything
was all together there was no
distinction
they couldn't even conceive of a
distinction there was no out you really
didn't have the option to be a secular
Christian you couldn't be that I did
that was not an option for life
and so in although back in those days
back in older times it would have been
it would have been harder to live
physically would have been more
physically challenging and demanding
certainly I think spiritually it was
easier it was easier to be a Christian
then because things just kind of made
sense you lived in a society
where everyone really just acted and
operated like they really believe this
stuff and that's what society was there
was no dividing line and there's there
there shouldn't be I don't know how we
as Christians can argue that yeah we
should keep God out of this what how can
you I understand why atheists say how
could you possibly say that as a
Christian keep God out of it you must
know that you can't it's impossible and
nothing good can ever come out of
keeping God out of anything out of
anything this is again if we if we lived
500 years ago we wouldn't be having it
wouldn't be necessary for me to make
this point everyone would look at me
like yeah of course what are you talking
about and now I say it and Christian
Christians are disagreeing well yeah but
you know you can't involve God in this
so ridiculous so weak so flimsy so
ridiculous so so stupid I mean if you
want to be an atheist just be an atheist
don't try to turn Christianity into
atheism by the way this is why I'm so
opposed to anything that that hints of
secularization in the church because
we've got the entire culture is
secularized right we live in a secular
culture we live in a culture where as I
said it is it is it is feet not just
feasible but very easy to live as a
secular Christian and to separate your
faith from everything else you do in
your life and to not even really think
about it it's it's possible to live that
way that is an option that never used to
be an option for living now it is and
very and most people that's the option
they select
well maybe which makes it harder for
Christians who want to really live like
Christians it makes it harder for them
because it there's there's there's more
of an effort and just an effort it
requires effort like
every second of the day and you're gonna
get pushback not just from atheist but
from other Christians who mock you and
laugh at you for actually taking the
religion seriously that they supposedly
share with you but at least in a church
at least you should be able to go to a
physical church and there's a it's a
safe haven and it's it's it's an oasis
different from all the rest of this you
got secularization everywhere it should
at least be able to go to a church and
escape secularization and find a place
that is grounded in the reality of God
but that's not what happens in most
churches you should be able to walk into
a church and everything about it should
be completely different from what you
see in the world today it should be
shocking at this at this point it should
be shocking to walk into a church every
time you walk in you should be taken
aback like whoa this is different
everything from the architecture to the
music to the dress to the certainly to
the message being preached the attitude
the demeanor of the congregants all of
it should appear to be like from a
different universe because it is from a
different universe it is from a universe
where God exists and rules overall as
opposed to the universe that our secular
culture tries to live in where God does
not exist and is irrelevant well that's
not how it goes instead most churches
look and sound and in every way resemble
the rest of the culture most churches
appear to be extensions of secular
culture products of it rather than
windows into something eternal and
sacred and and supernatural and the
effect is that you can go to most
churches in America or many anyway you
can go and you can sit in the church and
you could at a serves you can listen to
the music you can listen to the sermon
or the homily and you can still all the
while continue on forgetting about God
the reality of God even in most churches
in America is not really thrust upon you
you're not really forced to face it he
might be mentioned but the fact that
again you live in this in a reality
where God is present and looking at you
all the time
that you're not really in most churches
forced to confront that reality and the
way the church itself operates it does
not appear to be grounded in that
reality just with the just how casual
everything is there's just no sense of
reverence no sense of anything sacred
happening
none of that instead it's like people
you know people just stroll in casually
and I mean if you really believe
especially at church where church is
like the special place where God I mean
God is present everywhere but at a
church you know two or three are
gathered as scripture says God is with
us and he is you're really there you're
really focusing on God more than you
more than what happens in secular
culture and so he's really there in this
special sense I think there should be
this just total reverence and I mean
imagine that you were in church and
Jesus himself appeared there physically
right in front of you how would you
react a wouldn't you fall to the floor
in just in in total reverence to this
divine being
or would you just continue along which
most people do in church they just sit
back and they're chatting and they're
just you know super casual the music is
nice and secular and kind of casual a
lot of churches now they got the little
they got the donuts and the coffee they
got a coffee shop people are sitting
there sipping their coffee is that what
you'd be doing if Jesus appear right in
front of you would just be like oh hey
Jesus hey how's it going in a secular
culture everything is designed with the
intent I think of keeping our minds
focused on now on on material things and
it seems now that even churches are
designed with that in mind and it's a
big problem it isn't hard to see how
Christianity in the early days was able
to spread so rapidly through pagan
cultures while it seems to be fading and
dying in our supposedly sophisticated
modern secular culture because people
back in those times even in pagan be
just not just in Christian society but
even pagan people lived in a world where
the spiritual and the supernatural and
the mystic were all front and center in
their daily lives
everyone had an idea of life as B as
this thing that was inexorably tied to
something else something infinite
something beyond it
and so it was just a matter of for
Christians was a matter of coming into
these societies where this works where
spirituality and and super and
supernatural forces all of that was
already taken for granted as being as
being real and being part of life and so
you had just come in and correct their
spiritual ideas and kind of redirect
them in the right direction but America
today is a spiritual vacuum there's
nothing to build upon
there's no spirituality there's there's
only we're just we live in a material
world and we are material girls as
Madonna rightly observed so I think to
bring it all back together that means
that we as Christians I think have to
make a considered effort to keep God and
keep our faith at the forefront of our
minds and of our conversations and of
everything we do like even though it's
hard
because to live that way is so alien and
foreign to most people our our culture
including most Christians so if you do
you're gonna be mocked by them and
they're gonna look at you like you're a
a weirdo and you're gonna be lookin in
most churches that's how they're gonna
treat you but I think when we do that
we're not only helping ourselves and our
own Souls and our own spirituality but
we're helping everyone else because we
at least are living as if and speaking
and acting as if we really believed and
so at least there's a Oh doesn't mean
we're perfect doesn't mean we're Saints
it just means we believe this and so
we're just we're operating as if we
really believe it and then at least
there's a chance there's there's there's
there's a chance of a little bit of that
light poking through the darkness and of
getting through to people at least
there's a chance but if we carry on just
like them and if we if we toss god off
to the corner of existence and we don't
talk about them and we don't bring them
up there's no chance all the lost sheep
out there there's no chance of us
getting to them because there's no light
all right all right we'll leave it there
I hope you guys have a great weekend
Godspeed
