we have this idea that we have to change
the definition of masculinity because so
many men today fall short of that
definition and so therefore it needs to
change but is that the right response I
would say no it is and I would say that
actually that's the whole reason why we
shouldn't change it
that men are falling short of it is all
the more reason to reassert the
definition to strengthen it fortify it
to declare it from on high it's not why
you should change it the fact that
people falling short of the definition
proves the necessity of the definition
you know the whole point of having a
concept like masculinity is to establish
standards it is to kind of draw lines
and to kind of clarify things
and masculinity for men just like
femininity for women has helped to
answer some very important questions
like what are men supposed to do what
are women supposed to do
how are men supposed to act how are
women supposed to act men and women in
society have always asked these
questions about themselves people will
always look at themselves and wonder
what am I supposed to do what is my role
what is my what is my place in society
but by getting rid of masculinity and
femininity all we've done is we've
removed the the answer to the question
but we have not removed the question
people are still asking the question but
all you've done is you've taken away the
answer which means that now there's
going to be confusion there's going to
be paralysis where there used to be
clarity and action
