Philip says what did you think of Sacha
Baron Cohen's latest show that mocks
Republicans in the NRA well I'm glad you
asked this question because I hate this
guy and I think he's talented I think
he's funny I think he stinks I think you
take you know the thing is this is what
I call the tyranny of cool if somebody
is cool and Cohen is cool he's
outrageous and he's funny and he's all
those things and all the right friends
absolutely you start to think well there
must be something good about him but
that's not true people can be cool and
really be jerks and he it is a jerky
stinky thing to do to go to ordinary
people with the power of a Hollywood
film book behind you and make fun of
them and he always makes fun of ordinary
people in the what they call flyover
country in the middle of the country he
makes fun of conservatives he makes fun
of people with values who who want to
you know have manners and things like
that that makes him even worse but
that's not what I dislike but I just
like to see fools people who were better
men than he is he'll fool cops or full
firemen you know fool people who serve
their country and I think it's funny and
it's witty and it's original and it
stinks and I don't see why we can't say
those things altogether a person could
be town it's like mmm I used to listen
to him and think yeah he's talented what
he's saying is disgusting you know it
does not having talent I'm not trying to
be prissy or you know I I'm happy to see
outrageous stuff but just because you're
doing outrageous stuff this mean you're
not doing a bad thing remember the
people that he's making fun of our real
people if you even if he was making fun
of them in fictional work I would say
that would be fine I might not like his
opinions but that would be fine but the
fact that he uses and abuses real people
I just think is wrong
