would he or wouldn't he that is the
question whether tis nobler in the mind
to suffer the slings and arrows of
outrageous executive agency overreach or
to take arms against a sea of crooked
bureaucrats and by opposing them before
a foreign dictator and longtime
geopolitical foe and them we will
analyze the question Democrat vultures
and frivolous Republicans are so eager
to keep in the headlines and we will
then a check out has solar power
threatens the lives of a billion poor
people around the globe why
conservatives find more meaning in life
duh and what FDR is unprecedented third
term power grab means for us today on
this day in history
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Knowles show
I have to talk about it don't I I tried
so hard not to talk about this stupid
mostly Media contrived circus of wit he
wouldn't he would he what what did he
say what did Trump say it's the end of
the Republic
oh no the president that's given us a
booming economy geopolitical stability
deregulation more religious liberty more
original and no now he said something a
little bit wrong and now it's all over
but I do have to cover it because even
frivolous Republicans are really
climbing on and and taking on the
president with much stronger language
than they seem to attack their opponents
on the Left who want to abridge our
Liberty so let's take it on that's fine
here is you know what I'm referring to
I'm talking about President Trump in
Helsinki to pro at the press conference
with President Putin before I can play
it speaking of making making our
geopolitics safer we got to make our
neighborhoods safer we got to make a
little money honey in the meantime let's
talk about ring I want to thank our
sponsors over a ring their mission is to
make neighborhoods safer you know we
need to we need to make sure that the
major nuclear powers in the world keep
us safe and we also need to make sure
that our homes and our packages our
families are safe today over a million
people use the amazing ring video
doorbell to help protect their homes
ring knows that home security begins at
the front door but it doesn't end there
which is why they extend that same level
of security all around the home with the
ring floodlight camera you know this
when you people probably when you're
trying to break into people's homes and
then that flood light comes on and you
scamper away back into the woods well
ring has won that's so good because it
has video so you can you'll see who's
there who's outside who's trying to get
into your house that video goes up to
the cloud so even if the crook goes and
steals the floodlight it's okay the
videos already up there it's the new
neighborhood watch too you can share it
instantly with your neighbors you know
the neighborhood watch is just it's not
a thing anymore now it's much easier
much cheaper much more sophisticated
more likely to keep you safe with rings
floodlight Kim when things go bump in
the night you'll immediately know what
it is whether you're at home let's say
you're at home you just want to talk to
that bad guy outside you can have
two-way a communication through their
video doorbell you can say hey buster
get out of here you you know and so it's
really effective that way or you can be
on
in Boca and you can do the same thing
it's really really effective all my
friends have it I love mine ring
floodlight offers the ultimate in home
security with high visibility flood
lights and a powerful HD camera that
puts security in your hands
save up to a hundred and fifty dollars
off of a ring of security kit today
don't say I never did nothing for you
and seriously go out and get this that
it is really really inexpensive and
provides you peace of mind and a lot of
ease-of-use
even when you're talking to guys who are
just delivering you packages and friends
coming over to visit all the way to bad
guys to keep you safe it's really really
good you need it go to ring.com slash
Knolls KO wles
like beyonce ring.com slash knowles KO
wles like Beyonce that's ring too high
calm / what / Knowles like Beyonce Jay
Z's wife okay
let's talk about it let's just play this
clip right now president Trump is in
Helsinki he makes a remark that maybe it
wasn't the best said here is Dan coach
came to me and some others they said
they think it's Russia I have president
putin he just said it's not Russia I
will say this I don't see any reason why
it would be but I really do want to see
the server but I have I have confidence
in both parties okay okay so he says
look some people are telling me that it
Russia hacked everything and some pin
here I'm talking to Vladimir Putin I
don't want to call the guy a liar he's
saying that he didn't do it
obviously he's denying it he's and by
the way library Putin in that press
conference sort of admits that he's
probably lying right he says I don't
trust the u.s. the u.s. doesn't trust me
I've got my own interests at heart he
was actually pretty blunt about it so
President Trump makes a statement and
people attack it they pillow Rhea do I
think was the best statement no could he
have said it in a better way
sure but you know the guy he's the guy
in the ring was it a is at the end of
the world absolutely not but you had
these conservative critics Newt Gingrich
saying was the worst disaster of his
presidency worst mistake of his
presidency and Newt Gingrich is
typically a trump supporter so this
sounded alarm bells other Trump
surrogates Paul Ryan came out there and
criticized it pretty harshly so
so resident Trump issued the most
trumpian apology for this here he is
clarifying clarifying his statements
that I made myself very clear by having
just reviewed the transcript now I have
to say I came back and I said what is
going on what's the big deal
so I got a transcript I reviewed it I
actually went out and reviewed a clip of
an answer that I gave and I realized
that there is need for some
clarification it should have been
obvious I thought it would be obvious
but I would like to clarify just in case
it wasn't in a key sentence in my
remarks I said the word would instead of
wouldn't the sentence should have been I
don't see any reason why I wouldn't or
why it wouldn't be Russia so just to
repeat it I said the word would instead
of would and the sentence should have
been and I thought I would be maybe a
little bit unclear on the transcript or
unclear on the actual video the sentence
should have been I don't see any reason
why it wouldn't be Russia sort of a
double negative so you could put that in
and I think that probably clarifies
things pretty good by itself I have on
numerous occasions noted our
intelligence findings that Russians
attempted to interfere in our elections
unlike previous administrations my
administration has and will continue to
move aggressively to repeal any efforts
and repeal we will stop it we will
repeal it any efforts to interfere in
our elections we're doing everything in
our power to prevent Russian
interference in 2018 okay so fine right
I mean that's my take I saw his I saw
the original statement I thought okay
well not great but everything else has
been good and then I saw that and I
thought well okay whatever fine that's
fine because I do like that the walk
back and the clarification was basically
president from saying oh well
I see why you misunderstood yesterday
was opposite day you see yes I you must
not have understood this in Helsinki
when I was talking to President Putin
yet it was the opposite day yesterday so
that's it that clarifies it and then he
makes a bunch of good points which is
that his administration has been much
harsher on Russia than his predecessor
and he's been harder on President Putin
he's been harder he's been much better
about having allowing the intelligence
agencies to do their job and not
politicizing his executive agencies
what's really pernicious about this
because I actually was sort of cheering
president Trump on when he was refusing
to be backed into a corner and I still
cheer him on I really wish if not for a
few words he really would have had an
excellent performance in Helsinki that's
kind of what caused some of this issue
and there are some reports now that some
people in the White House were saying it
wasn't a great statement but he
shouldn't apologize some people were
saying you know he should get in front
of this right away
whatever this is really a creation of
Democrats in the media and the
bureaucrats led by now mr. Bob Muller I
mean this is a total contrivance and and
Muller bears responsibility here for a
few reasons there's this really produces
aspect of the Muller investigation which
is that it's twofold on the one hand
it's whether Russians hacked the
election whether hacked deal it's a
ridiculous euphemism a ridiculous phrase
whether Russians tried to interfere in
the presidential election as they have
since 1917 yeah probably they did right
the other one is whether President Trump
colluded with Russia and what Muller has
done and what the media have done is
they've conflated these two things so
that President Trump is totally right to
view the Muller investigation as a
political cudgel with which his
opponents are attacking his presidency
why did those indictments come out just
before the the Russia conference isn't
that a little suspect that was obviously
a political move it was a political move
driven by Bob Muller and he deserves
criticism for that I mean that is he's
all this whole time we've heard that Bob
Muller is above politics he's this
figure this totally upstanding guy well
then why is he making such a naked Lee
political play to release those
indictments right before the Russia
summit that's that that's on the one
hand now who knows whether you know for
take president Trump at his word all the
time but who cares here is what the real
thing that's bothering me is that these
frivolous Republicans who are clutching
their pearls getting so up in arms about
all of this you know what what do we
know about the intelligence agencies
what do we know about them right now
because we're being told how dare
President Trump not you know not totally
accept the word of his intelligence
agencies and officers when he's speaking
in Helsinki well look sure he's abroad
he should you know obviously should side
with his own country over whatever
someone else is saying Russian dictator
is saying but on the other hand the the
federal agencies the investigative
agencies have become horribly corrupted
and politicized what do we know about
them the FBI under Barack Obama was used
to spy on a political opponents
presidential campaign we know that
happened what do we know from the former
head of the FBI James Comey well when we
look at James Comey right now he is
begging people to vote for Democrats
this man who's supposed to be the last
guy that they told us was above politics
and he's such an upright guy and he's an
honest broker he is now going on Twitter
he said on Twitter quote all who believe
in this country's values must vote for
Democrats this fall former head of the
FBI mmm does that compromise the
integrity of the FBI I don't know maybe
how about the CIA John Brennan John
Brennan is now going on Twitter saying
President Trump is a traitor
he's treasonous spewing all kinds of
bile John Brennan by the way who voted
for the Communist Party nominee for
president during the height of the Cold
War that John Brennan does that
compromise the integrity of the
intelligence agencies does that
compromise the integrity of our of our
executive agencies yeah I think it does
it's not President Trump who's done that
it's not president from who's turned his
back those guys have done it you know
President Trump and Rand Paul put it
pretty well when it comes in
particularly the case of John Brennan
here they are I think Brennan is a very
bad guy and if you look at it a lot of
things happened under his watch I think
he's a very bad person you know I agree
completely I think John Brennan is
completely unhinged and you see him now
calling the president treasonous and
what should worry every American is John
Brennan was in charge of the CIA the
most powerful intelligence gathering
you know group on the planet they can
absorb every bit of information you can
imagine your phone calls your metadata
your bank records your visa records they
could destroy any person's life the
person at the head of that turns out to
be very much a partisan a Trump hater
and very much a just someone who is you
know a Trump hater I guess that's the
best way to put it but you know I really
am worried that he was head of the CIA
for so long harboring all that bias
well said gentlemen I totally agree so
you've got those guys compromising the
integrity of the agencies then you've
got how about Andy McCabe remember him
there are so many scandals that are
coming out right now from the FBI from
high up political appointees over there
that it's hard to keep track of all of
them but Andy McCabe not too long ago
was disgraced and kicked out because he
lied to federal agents under oath this
was a major official how about Peter
struck and Lisa Paige the lover FBI ATF
agents Peter struck is testifying before
Congress he says know those texts the
texts were I said I was going to use the
power of the state to stop President
Trump from becoming president that you
know that didn't mean what you think it
means oh you fools you know he looked
like that ghoul that demon on that ariza
what do you have to do with me trey
Gowdy I mean it just looked so dishonest
and now we know from his lover
at Lisa Paige but who is this has been
reported by a rep John Ratcliffe that
she she contradicts Peter struck
statement she says no those texts mean
what they say they mean they look like
that which is that FBI agents who were
investigating Trump who were in the
heart of it who were on the Malheur team
who actually got fired when this became
too public that those guys were trying
to use the power of the state to stop
the Trump presidency that is a
horrifying thing how about when
President Trump met with Loretta Lynch
on the airplane former head of the
Department of Justice under Barack Obama
what about when they met and then just
coincidentally Hillary got off the hook
shortly thereafter President Clinton I'm
sorry President Clinton a former future
president Hillary Clinton got off the
hook shortly thereafter and and then
what about Barack Obama we know that
he's politicized other agencies he
politicized the the IRS I mean I was I
was in some
that were targeted by the IRS he used
the administrative agencies to target
his political opponents so okay now
conservatives are clutching their pearls
on this they're say oh no oh no that how
could you ever question these
bureaucratic agencies when did it become
conservative to just blindly defend the
bureaucratic agencies of the federal
government is that conservative now I
don't it's not that not that's not the
conservatism that I learned I don't
think so there are obviously crooks
there and it's really sad for the
rank-and-file agents because there are a
lot of very good rank-and-file agents
there and their reputations have been
tarnished they've been tarnished because
they've been associated with a crooked
bad actors like Peter struck like Lisa
Paige like like all of these other guys
like James Comey you know Andy McCabe
their reputations have been tarnished
it's not our fault it's not
conservatives who did that and it's not
our responsibility to clean up the mess
that was created by these crooked
Democrat officials by these left wingers
who were in positions of state power and
the public trust who abused that public
trust that's not our problem and for
conservatives today I know you can never
criticize the intelligence agencies give
me a break that isn't where's your
where's your love of Liberty come on man
you know also on this why can't
conservatives take yes for an answer
we keep beating up the president you
know he said this he shouldn't have said
that okay and then he says the opposite
and we couldn't take that either just
take yes for an answer keep your eyes on
the prize there is historical precedent
for this by the way people think you
know that history began the day that
they were born or these days that
history began excuse me probably just
yesterday they did this to Ronald Reagan
they did this to Reagan and Gorbachev
Howard Phillips of the conservative
caucus in the 1980s referred to
President Reagan as a useful idiot for
Soviet propaganda does that sound
familiar doesn't Norman Podhoretz
you know a leader in the conservative
movement said that President Reagan
meeting with Gorbachev shamed himself
and the country sound familiar how about
George will George Willa for previously
until recently Republican conservative
columnist he said Reagan went down like
a punctured balloon time flies for
conservatives Ronald Reagan's foreign
policy has produced much surprise but
little delight just attacking him and
then new
Gingrich who whom I like and who had
just recently came out pretty strongly
against President Trump for Helsinki he
said in 1985 of Ronald Reagan measured
against the scale and momentum of the
Soviet empire Stalin JH the Reagan
administration has failed is failing and
without a dramatic change in strategy
will continue to fail President Reagan
is clearly failing
he said that meeting with Gorbachev was
the most dangerous summit for the West
since Adolf Hitler met with Neville
Chamberlain in 1938 in Munich
guys this is this has happened before
well it actually kind of makes you feel
better about this moment in history when
you think oh yes this has all happened
before the same hyperbolic ridiculous
statements Ronald Reagan won the Cold
War
Ronald Reagan is the guy who tore down
the Berlin Wall and freed people behind
the Iron Curtain and to hear the things
they were saying about him one wonders
if they'll be saying the same things
about president Trump pretty soon the
other side of this - and then then we'll
move on because there it's actually has
broader implications for history and for
the kind of conservative what we
conservatives should be doing day by day
what it means for us but do people think
that there are just no stakes right now
that it's all just a game I really do
think some people especially some
Republicans or treating this like it's
all just a little game it's all just
about manners and you know whether
they'll be looked on well at the certain
parties and cocktail parties that they
go to or whether you know this old
jockey for the next position or this or
that there are real stakes this is about
Liberty this is about freedom you know
Jeff Flake the future former Senator
Jeff Flake
has he called president from shameful a
failure you know just oh is the worst
sort of invective against him and he
tweets this stuff out and then the very
next tweet is a I kid you not it's a
picture of Jeff Flake taking a selfie
next to a pig wearing American flag
bunting you know and it's he's making a
joke it says what am i doing this pig
can't even read ha ha ha you know smile
for the camera
like are you kidding me pal do you not
realize that there are stakes here this
is what he says oh oh I'm putting on I'm
putting on my serious Jeff Flake face
mm-hmm this presidents awful I want to
take him down mmm the next mint tea look
I'm with a pig he I mean it's like
they're just they're like failed
Hollywood celebrity
or something you know it's just that
they turn it on and off one wonders if
some of these people have core beliefs
if they if they realize oh the the only
way that we can affect a Liberty the
only way that we can increase Liberty
the only way we can reduce government
restriction the only way we can achieve
some modicum of global leadership and
geopolitical peace is through
politicians and through administrations
and the Trump administration has been
very good on this so I'm going to
support that because I want the thing I
don't just want the appearance of the
thing like the left I want the thing
itself
I want the Liberty itself and you got a
wonder if these these sort of frivolous
conservatives like Jeff Flake if they
want that if they have the rise on that
or if they're just big grinning teeth
and empty suits you have to wonder but
the people who were actually affecting
policy they're not empty suits and
sometimes they misspeak or whatever we
should give them a little grace on that
and most importantly when they come out
and they apologize and they say no
yesterday was opposite day take yes for
an answer people come on goodness
gracious they're objects here and
speaking of frivolous conservatives I
think there's a parallel here with the
environmental movement there's a real
parallel there's a the same sort of
mistaking the forest for the trees for
getting your priorities all jumbled it
reminds me a little bit of G K
Chesterton he said that heresy isn't the
promotion of Vice
it's the promotion of one virtue to the
exclusion of all the other virtues
there's a big story out today with
regard to the environmental movement
Bjorn Lomborg who is the director of the
Copenhagen consensus Center an
environmental think-tank guy he came out
and said pretty clearly in no uncertain
terms that the push among
environmentalists to have to make all
energy you know solar power wind power
renewable energy is a very cruel to 1.1
billion poor people around the world and
a you know his point here is that it's
very easy for us sitting here with you
know in a world powered by oil to say oh
but it would be better if you know we
didn't do that let's we should probably
just power our cars on hopes and dreams
and unicorn juice but for people who are
trying to subsist we're trying to live
we're trying to be pulled out of global
dire poverty they need those tools and
if we say to them no no
no-no-no Bangladeshis you're not allowed
to use oil you know these these are
people who could contract diseases who
could starve who could live in poverty
because of our whims because we think
that the environment is more important
than people's lives than people
flourishing and being able to support
their families they did this in the
United States when the environmentalists
pushed ethanol so they said look we're
gonna start using more corn in our fuel
instead of dinosaur juice instead of
fossil fuels and oil and that'll be
better for the environment what could go
wrong what could possibly go wrong
well what went wrong is that the use of
ethanol drove up corn prices
tremendously by 2011 which is not not
that long after ethanol we'd started
really using it the price of corn had
risen from two to three dollars to seven
dollars and multiplied per unit by you
know over over 100 percent and possibly
over 200 percent ethanol went from five
to ten percent of the corn demand to
over forty percent in the United States
that has effects and this is the case
with a lot of leftist policy there are
always unintended consequences when the
federal government acts when the
government acts it's easy to say see
it's helping so and so how
uncompassionate of you not to want to
help the little Delta smell to anchovies
that most of my fresh water goes to but
there are all of these unintended
consequences and in in this case you're
talking about over a billion
impoverished people around the world
wind solar wave energy comprises under
ten percent of electricity in the OECD
and that's and the only reason it even
comprises that much is because there are
massive subsidies just last year 160
billion dollars worth of subsidies
electricity is almost all in all park
reiated through fossil fuels it's
generated by fossil fuels so just to use
the Bangladeshis actually as an example
in Bangladesh a study was done
electrified households when a household
got electricity what that meant was a
21% increase in annual income and a one
and a half percent reduction in poverty
every single year not just why it's not
like they electrify the home and they
get an extra twenty percent of income
and a one and a half percent decline in
poverty as every single year that is a
massive benefit a massive help to their
quality of life
and yet what we have from the
environmentalists is no who cares about
those starving Bangladeshis what about
the trees what about the what about the
delta smelt but what about those cute
little anchovies no forgetting those
people no those are like distant people
who speak another language forget about
them the anchovies they're right here in
California this reminds me of when I was
in Cuba this view you know where people
just totally lose their priorities
because I got back from Cuban I talked
to my lefty friends they said oh how
were the cars
oh is it nice oh that was it those isn't
it so quaint that they have old cars
they have old cars that are
uncomfortable and barely can still run
because they aren't allowed to have
anything else they're not allowed to
have one economic prosperity and to
there is certain imports and brought
products because they live on a slave
Island you know I even talk to these
liberals that I met these lefties at the
Havana Airport and they said oh isn't it
so nice well that's so nice that they
don't need air conditioner so that like
what they don't need it you know like we
in America we need air conditioner but
those Cubans don't need it yeah they
live in lice weltering misery because
they're not allowed to have it yeah but
you don't need it then if you think
that's so great about you turn off your
air conditioner in the middle of summer
in a Caribbean island no you won't do it
it's a it's a real other ring to borrow
the left-wing term it's a real looking
down at people like their lessor like
they don't deserve what you deserve like
they don't enjoy what you like there are
different species almost oh no they
don't
we'll just they can skip ahead it's a
total missing a priorities and you see
it on the left you see it all the way
from birth to death and everywhere in
between it's the left that's pushing
abortion killing babies it's the left
that is pushing these anti human
policies of prioritizing the delta smelt
over human beings
and it's the left who's pushing Death
with Dignity we have to kill old people
now they're not having the best time
ever anymore so let's kill them plus
they're using up plus they're using up a
lot of medical resources most of your
medical spending and life is in the last
six months of your life so let's just
let's just pull the plug early that's
the part they don't say out loud but
they do whisper it to one another from
beginning to end it's an anti human
ideology or coalition of ideologies and
when you sense that when you get a whiff
of that I think that's how you know that
it isn't right in a theological way it's
where you see this sort of mark of the
devil coming around whenever people are
trying to really increase human misery
that way in the name of compassion and
just even in a in a more material and
secular way you you can just see it when
someone wants that the anchovy is to
have a better day than the Bangladeshis
run away from that ideology that's not a
good ideologies and this gets to another
do I have to say goodbye to Facebook and
YouTube I was just I was gonna explain
the meaning of life can I explain the
meaning of life do I have time for that
okay well well I won't explain the
meaning of life but I will explain why
conservatives find more meaning in life
there's a new study out it's a study out
of UC University of California it was a
study that actually analyzed surveys
from about 16 different countries and it
found a higher life satisfaction and
that conservatives had a found more
meaning in life across the board
conservatives over lefties found more
meaning in life and had more happiness
and had more life satisfaction why is
that well let's just see what the study
say they found that conservative states
were happier than left-wing states even
just within the United States
and one of the reasons for that is that
conservative states are less and
neurotic and having come from New York
and California I can personally attest
to the very true this is according by
the way to Gallup Healthways well-being
index the US Census Bureau CBS News New
York Times poll and obviously
presidential election results 2000 to
2008 the the study also found that that
happiness and finding meaning in life
are more likely related to social issues
rather than economic issues they're
there i I don't use the term social
issues because all issues are social
issues if it's political it's social
because it's involved
more than one person but it is cultural
and that is the real crux of it its
cultural and it gets down to the cult it
gets down to what you worship that is
going to determine I'm not surprised at
all that people who view life as sacred
and who view the human being is having
certain roles and certain teleology and
certain purposes is going to find more
meaning in life and be therefore happier
than people who just want lower taxes
you know if your ekiden that's the cool
thing to be in college you know so I'm
I'm a social liberal but a fiscal
conservative like I really don't care
about culture at all but I like me and I
like money a lot man you know puff up
pass that I'm not I'm not surprised at
all to find that this you see it all
throughout literature you see it all
throughout politics and history but
especially at this moment with the rise
of the nuns the the people who don't
affiliate with any religion which is
taking place almost entirely in the
Democratic Party and on the left wing of
the political spectrum you're seeing a
simultaneous rise but almost 1 for 1 in
in suicides in depression I'm not saying
that that's a causation but I am saying
that those two things are coinciding
that they're happening at the same time
and it's it's hard to imagine that they
don't have some relationship to one
another of course it makes sense
if you really believe as prominent left
wingers are trying to tell us and it's
become a sort of mainstream view among a
major political party if you really
believe that life has no purpose you
have no inherent dignity you're a random
accidental collection of cells
there's no good there's no evil there's
no love there's no joy it's all just a
trick it's all just an illusion and the
only the only reason the only the only
momentum you have to keep going is
pleasure just giving yourself pleasure
you're not going to ultimately be
gratified by that you're gonna when the
pleasure turns off then you're gonna
want to turn off to it is a horribly a
dystopic and distressing way to live
through life and conservatives don't
have that conservatives are a buttress
against that one because conservatives
tend to be more religious and to because
of the tradition conservatives tend to
be more traditional and thankfully even
when bad ideas crop up and sort of
pervade the culture the tradition keeps
you rooted as long as you do rituals as
long as you sort of preserve the
traditions and
Society you're still going to be
connected to that thing which has some
sanity which has some foundation on the
neurosis I noticed that my conservative
friends broadly speaking or were a lot
less anxious and worried and nervous and
angry all the time and my left-wing
friends they're pulling their hair out
this is true you know when the
Conservatives lose a presidential
election they're unhappy about it
they're not pleased but they don't like
flood into the street and start burning
down cities like the Democrats do they
don't refuse to concede elections as
happened in 2000 as happened in 2016
they do they just sort of they move on
they try to be constructive they try to
channel their frustration into something
better because they have a purpose you
know neurosis is a symptom of narcissism
I say this to my friends all the time in
New York and LA and they're shocked and
horrified but it is it's a symptom of
narcissism it's means that you're
obsessing over yourself all the time
people who are too obsessed with their
personal health what they're eating you
know this month I'm like I'm a Krypto
vegan paleo daily dairy GMO whatever
they're it's narcissism it's because
you're only concerned with yourself and
how every little thing feels on you and
well maybe if I change this you're
treating yourself as an idol you're
treating your body as a machine that
you're worshipping is an idol don't do
that you're not if you're you're not
perfect and so that's going to leave you
not gratified but when you look outside
of yourself then I think you'll have a
bit much better psychological effect
you'll have more happiness you'll find
more meaning in life and the study by
the way even looked to two different
kinds of happiness not just quality of
life you know well-being smiley smiley
pleasure but also a uu demonic like
eudaimonia the Aristotelian sense of
really having meaning of pursuing a good
of pursuing virtue you you will have
more of that because you're looking
outside of yourself you know a a man
wrapped up in himself makes a small
package indeed look outside of yourself
conservatives are able to do that that's
why conservatives are better at
understanding different people's points
of view that's why the left is much
worse at understanding the right than
the right is at understanding the left
it's why the left will unfriend people
on social media who disagree with them
but the right doesn't do that nearly as
often as the left does there's a little
bit more understanding there's a putting
something outside of yourself don't
don't be a narcissist and it's writ for
frequently people who accuse others of
being narcissists you know of saying
like who scream all the time Trump's a
narcissist
yurei you know get in people's faces
really angrily they I think they have
the problem don't they
because narcissism has a meaning it has
it's the excessive love of self of
constantly adoring yourself looking at
yourself all the time
no I think it's those I don't think
President Trump is a narcissist I don't
see much evidence of that he might be
crude he might be brash he might be
self-interested but I don't see him as a
narcissist I see him as too blunt and to
too connected to reality for that that's
an important thing you'll you'll your
life will be better rates of depression
rates of anxiety people are popping all
of these meds it's proliferating the
culture don't let it happen to you in
the way that you can do it is just stop
thinking about yourself all the time and
really I think this is just a
rationalization because I don't want to
eat all those healthy diets like you
know GMO non GMO and all that but but
really I mean really do it you will be
happier and and whom you know you'll
you'll you'll be happier both in a sense
of meaning and in and in the pleasures
of your life because you'll be eating a
lot better food okay we I do have to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube now I do
want to get before we go away to this
day in history but I'm sorry if you're
on Facebook or YouTube go to daily
wire.com why well you'll spend 10 bucks
a month $100 for an annual membership
because we're not like Alexandria Ocasio
Cortes we were capitalists year we want
your money give us your money and we
will give you value you know we'll give
you my show the Andrew Fleming show the
men Shapiro show you can ask questions
in the mailbag get those mailbag
questions and we're doing them tomorrow
you can ask questions in the
conversation but forget that's like a
little bit of value that's like a little
hint of value the real value baby
the leftist here's tumblr this is it the
leftist tears and Jeff Flake tumblr the
leftist and frivolous Republican tumblr
you need them because they're salty
they're delicious they keep pouring out
we're gonna be talking also in the next
week or so about impeachment and why the
left really just probably can't impeach
Trump and then what you were going to
need to make this like seven sizes
bigger it's gonna have to be like one of
those giant gulps at the at the
convenience store go to daily wire.com
we'll be right back with this day in
history
all right in my last minutes here we've
got to talk about parallels in history I
noticed this about history right now
that it all nature is but art unknown
today all chance direction which thou
canst not see there are really weird
coincidences that happen in history
parallels between current events and
things that happened 100 years ago or 50
years ago and things that happened 1500
years ago two thousand years ago
on this day in history in 1940 FDR
Franklin Delano Roosevelt Democrat
president and King was nominated for a
third term for president unprecedented
anti-american a really awful move and
sort of set up some of the political
dysfunction that we have around today
also on this day in history in the year
of our Lord
64 Rome burned under Nero under Emperor
Nero that seems coincidental and that
little weird on the day that the
American Republic sort of caved on its
basic Republican image and Republican
self understanding and and a President
Roosevelt broke the example of George
Washington himself first time in
American history and decided no I will
be a king until I die I will reign in
this country that's also the day in
history that Rome burned to the ground
Oh interesting under a terrible Emperor
so FDR FDR is lionized because he faced
difficult challenges to World War two
and the Great Depression and he Abele
handled World War two and he in ineptly
handled the Great Depression now it's
difficult to prove a negative but it's
quite clear there been plenty of
economic studies done one recently out
of UCLA to show why the Great Depression
was so prolonged what is such a strange
event they didn't recover very quickly
because of the wage controls that FDR
was instituting you know at one point I
believe FDR set the price of gold
because of his favorite number his lucky
number he just picked it you know that
is not good it's such a horrific
interference into the economy that have
prolonged it for it for a decade but
he's lyin eyes because I said well what
if the country could have collapsed if
not for him I can't prove a negative but
I can't point to clear economic
indicators did he prolong to the
depression but that isn't the real
problem with Roosevelt the problem is
that he spit in the tradition of George
Washington and the and all of his 600 of
Washington's successors and created this
American monarchy he was the American
monarch FDR was a lifelong politician he
ran for New York State Senate at 29
years old then he was governor of New
York then he was elected president 1932
he decided to run for a third term
unprecedented in 1940 ostensibly under
the guise of patriotism you know war was
launching in Europe and he felt that he
would it would be unpatriotic to have a
normal presidential election cycle while
the war was going on in Europe I don't
know if that's really true is that ever
happened in other words in the United
States the US had fought plenty of Wars
before that World War one the
spanish-american war a civil war where
is that the war of 1812 did we really
start practically suspending
presidential elections or ignore at
least ignoring the custom of George
Washington because of that no it's a
ridiculous excuse and you know it's a
ridiculous excuse because of 1944 he ran
again for president a fourth time in
1944 and was elected although at that
point he was a thousand years old and
died in office but he didn't need to run
in 1944 the war was already was already
basically over rome had been liberated
the Allies had landed successfully at
d-day Paris had been liberated that
Japanese had been ratted out of Burma
the war was going very well but people
don't look at that I say oh how
patriotic he was he was you know just
defending his country in the war
nonsense this was it this guy was a real
threat to democracy pushed through a lot
of anti constitutional programs he tried
to pack the courts I mean he really
tried to end and in many cases
successfully subverted our
constitutional system of government
that's a real threat of Liberty and
that's what I'm talking about when the
left certainly but also when frivolous
conservatives start attacking Trump
because he used the wrong word in
Helsinki because he didn't speak with
Reagan like eloquence in when he was
talking to the Russian dictator and by
the way when Ronald Reagan spoke with
Reagan like eloquence to the Russian
dictator they said the same mean things
about him and they said the same
pointed things about him you've got to
keep your eye on the prize
what we're does the threat to Liberty
lie does the threat to Liberty lie from
President Trump saying a couple wrong
words on cameras and before some
dictator that we've that Americans have
said plenty of nice things about before
that George Bush said nice things about
that Barack Obama said nice things about
and you know deferred to and many
Foreign Affairs is that word the threat
to Liberty lies or just the threat to
Liberty lies somewhere else in a
bureaucracy a federal bureaucracy
executive agencies lead at times by
crooked figures in the FBI and CIA where
those agencies are overstepping their
constitutional bounds and in some cases
trying to overturn a presidential
election where you've got a commission a
special counsel that drops indictments
strategically time to upset
International Relations a basically
unaccountable Special Counsel and
investigation the man with more power in
the world probably than the president
does where does the threat to Liberty
live where does the threat to our
constitutional system lie it doesn't
line a couple strange words from a guy
who's known for using strange words but
who otherwise is preserving Liberty it
lies elsewhere you've got to you know
it's very easy to just throw stones and
attack and try to always be in the
popular position but that's not the
adult thing to do it's childish thing to
do you've got to preserve Liberty would
he or wouldn't he or Woody or that who
cares take yes for an answer keep
pursuing Liberty and to try to prevent
try to prevent tyranny and America where
you can or else we're gonna end up like
what happened to Nero's rum I get you on
that happy note get your mailbag
questions Enver tomorrow so that we can
answer all every single one of them I
know we've been running a little bit
late recently so I'm going to have to
I'm gonna speed through them tomorrow
get as many answers in as we can in the
meantime I'm Michael Knowles this is the
Michael an old show I'll see you
tomorrow
the Michael Nolt chin is produced by
seniya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Jim nickel
audio is mixed by Mike core Amina hair
and makeup is by Jeshua alvera the
Michael Knowles show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
you
