the massive Russia elections conspiracy
continues to unfold special counsel
Robert Muller has now produced
indictments charging that Donald Trump
only won the election because 13 Russian
agents cleverly disguised themselves as
63 million Americans and voted for Trump
in states that had more electoral votes
than the states where Russian agents
disguised as Hillary Clinton voters
voted for her
although the Russian agents ran out of
voter costumes before they could vote
enough times to give Trump the popular
vote Muller's indictment charges that
the Russians then traveled back in time
where they disguised themselves as the
founding fathers in order to create the
electoral college system which shocked
the Russians disguised as Hillary voters
by stealing the election from their
candidate through a complex and arcane
mathematical charade that was clearly
designed by Vladimir Putin who then
returned to the present only stopping
off to assassinate President Lincoln
along the way Democrats in the news
media but I repeat myself
took the indictments as evidence the
Trump colluded with the Russian
conspiracy Democrats also found evidence
of collusion in the words Trump said at
the recent Helsinki press conference in
his body language and certain code words
embedded in reruns of the television
show eight is enough and in the way the
wind blows through the trees on a quiet
summer's afternoon seeming to whisper
Trump is guilty of collusion in the
melodic voices of a thousand naked
virgins dancing on a tropical brief
beach now that last one may just be a
personal fantasy of mine former
humiliated presidential candidate
Hillary Clinton charged trump with
treason saying quote Donald Trump has
sold out the United States so that we
are all now slaves of Putin who only
think we're free because Trump has put
drugs in my glass of chardonnay unquote
mrs. Clinton then pitched forward onto
her face and snored loudly for the next
17 hours a noise that many people said
reminded them of watching CNN
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
so we need also sing see Topsy know
everything
alright you know I met speaking of
Russian spies I met this latest woman
who was indicted there's Russian what's
her name like Maria boo Tina or
something like that she was what is it
yeah she was she was mean I was right
one of those David Horowitz events down
in Florida and this guy I you know kind
of you know I know him I meet him met
these things he was kind of introducing
her around and she was dressed in this
really slinky kind of sexy way and she
talked to me for her we had a fairly
substantial conversation where she asked
me she said she was fighting for gun
rights in Russia and wanted to know
whether she should do it from here or
from there and so you have this very
young very sexually dressed woman asking
an older man for advice and you know
even I am smart enough to think like man
you know I did I no way did I ever ever
think she was a Russian spy I don't even
know if she is now but they indicted her
for it but I just you know it's people
think you know these things but what do
you think you think I'm talking about a
pretty Russian girl on the make you know
basically that's what I thought and I
thought like she was going around
talking a lot of older guys at this
thing and so I thought yeah this is what
she does oh fuck it's one round anyway
yeah I did see her out at the pool and I
have to say it was the smallest bikini
I've ever seen outside of a James Bond
movie
all right the conversation is today at
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific you
got to subscribe to ask questions I will
answer them all and tomorrow is the
mailbag so get your questions in now it
so that if they don't make the
conversation we can put them in the
mailbag you can hit podcast hit the
Andrew Clavin podcast this is on The
Daily wire calm it podcast at the Andrew
Klavan podcast hit the mailbag question
ask your questions about anything you
want and I will answer them and the
answers will be correct and may change
your life possibly for the better who
knows
so I actually slept last night I've been
so exhausted I've been working so hard I
actually slept for seven hours and why
because I was on Bowl and branch cheat
sheets I kind of missed my bowling Brown
sheets usually I stay awake all night
and I can enjoy how incredibly
comfortable they are but this time I
just slept on them and they're
comfortable while you're sleeping them
too on them too what makes them unique
is each sheet is crafted from a hundred
percent organic cotton
that means Bowl and branch sheets not
only feel incredible but they
amazing and since they sell exclusively
online you don't pay that expensive
retail markup that means Boleyn branch
gives you half the price it gives you
twice the quality for half the price you
will love these sheets try them for 30
nights and see for yourself if you're
not impressed and then you if you're not
it can return them for a full refund
anyone who sleeps on Boleyn branch
sheets loves them that's why they have
thousands of five-star reviews go to
bowl and branch comm today and you'll
get 50 bucks off your first set of
sheets plus free shipping in the US when
you use the promo code Clavin that's $50
off plus free us shipping right now at
bowl and branch comm it's spelled bol l
and branch com promo code Clavin ah but
that's the rub how do you spell Clavin
Boland branch comm promo code que la VA
n there are no ease in Clavin I just
make it look easy so so it's a really
good thing that the world ended when we
left the Paris Accord because otherwise
it would have ended after that Helsinki
press conference but luckily even if it
hadn't ended when we left the Paris
Accord it would have ended when we left
the Iran deal and then you know if it
hadn't done that it would have ended
when we left net neutrality it all
whatever it front though you know every
summer I feel like I make this speech
every summer I've done the show I have
to come on and remind people that summer
is the perfect time for the left to go
insane because there's not as much news
this has been a big news summer because
of the Kavanaugh appointment and because
of for the Supreme Court and because of
the Helsinki
you know that Europe trip and all this
stuff but they just get hysterical and
like you know I mean as Obama promised
Putin we played this yesterday he would
pull our missile defenses he did pull
our missile defenses I remember walking
to PJTV and there were people on the
ceiling saying this is treason this is
treason you know then Obama went around
our Congress and made the he went around
Congress and made this deal with Iran
he's shipping the money you know he says
sending a little bit you know that was
treason that was treason
so now Trump makes a miscalculation in a
press conference and now we're all gonna
die you know I mean and he did make a
Miska you know what this reminds me of
it reminds me of like when a Christian
movie comes out and it's anti-abortion
and so all the press the press is all
left-wing so they're like this
worst movie it's ugly it's filthy it
stinks it sucks it's going to destroy
our nation so you go to the movie to
support it because it's a good Christian
movie you know opposing abortion and you
watch it you think yeah it's really not
that good you know it's like it's
nothing so you find yourself saying it's
not that good well it was just screaming
and scream so let's take a look at what
there's good this is bit of treason and
it's the end oh it's the end of
everything but it is a mistake and I'm
gonna talk about why I think Trump's did
it and I'm gonna talk about why aside
from his own ego which is always
involved in these things but but also
why he's wrong and why some of what he
said was right so he's at the press
conference talked to Putin
and we're all hysterical about Putin
because the press has been joining the
story up forever and a reporter asks him
did the Intelligence Agency our
intelligence agencies American
intelligence agencies say the Russians
tried to meddle with the election Putin
says they didn't who do you believe
here's Trump's response you have groups
that are wondering why the FBI never
took the server and haven't they taken
the server why was the FBI told to leave
the office of the Democratic National
Committee I've been wondering that I've
been asking that for months and months
and I've been tweeting it out and
calling it out on social media where is
the server I want to know where is the
server and what is the server saying
with that being said all I can do is ask
the question my people came to me dan
coates came to me and some others they
said they think it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be but I really
do want to see the server but I have I
have confidence in both parties I really
believe that this will probably go on
for a while but I don't think it can go
on without finding out what happened to
the server okay so he says he's
basically has faith in both sides Putin
and our intelligence agencies and here's
the less response you think I'm joking
but here's an actual cable montage from
our friends at News Buster's Cup three
I'm really feeling nauseous
stunned gobsmacked we're hearing words
like I feel sick this is frightening
calling it an abomination shocking
stunning genuinely stunning what is
going on unbelievable astonishing just
astonishing it is astonishing it's
heartbreaking it's time for Americans to
be out on the street there are people
protesting in the streets every day in
the 70s why is that not happening now
when do we see almost a shadow
government come out and say we cannot
side with the government as an American
citizen I just personally think today is
just an incredibly depressing moment in
in our time in our history as an
American was this a new low Jim shuddha
josh campbell appreciate you both being
with us on what has been really a
difficult day for for for this country
and and frankly for much of the free
world the head he didn't even meet his
own low bar for not screwing this up i
mean it isn't
so you disgraced it's a parody of the
displaced this entire week of President
Trump abroad has made Hillary Clinton
seem all the more oppression all he had
to do was not you know put on jammies
and crawl under the covers with Vladimir
Putin and couldn't do that
I must it's I love I love Anderson
Cooper he's always so he's so upset he's
so always so absurd if achill day if
it's difficult and my favorite part of
this is this whole thing and I was even
getting these from conservatives because
conservatives were piling on Trump as
well but Chuck Schumer let's let's Chuck
Schumer say it this is this is what why
they think he was being nice to Putin
what could possibly cause President
Trump to put the interests of Russia
over those of the United States millions
of Americans will continue to wonder if
the only possible explanation for this
dangerous behavior is the possibility
that President Putin holds damaging
information over president Trump I mean
that's the only possible explanation is
that Trump is being blackmailed by Putin
if trumpet I was getting this even from
right-wingers actually if Trump is being
blackmailed by Putin how come he armed
the Ukrainian rebels how come he shut
down to their consulates throughout 60
diplomats he sanctioned the oligarchs
who were all Putin's really got his oil
and oligarchs supporting him expanded
the Magnitsky sanctions he tripled our
defense in Europe it's really it's
utterly absurd I mean it is utterly
absurd the New York Times a former
newspaper well I get to that in just a
minute let's first this first talk about
the mail okay let's talk about the post
office talk about something positive cuz
I love the post office but I want the
post office when I want the post office
just like I want everything else I'm a
millennial all right I'm not a
millennial but I pretend I think like a
millennial and I want things well when I
want them I want them now I cannot get
go be going out to the post office so I
use stamps calm the stamps calm you can
access access all the amazing services
of the post office right from your desk
24/7 whenever you want it and it's
convenient for you you can buy and print
official US postage
any letter any package using your own
computer and printer and the mail
carrier picks it up just click print
mail and you're done it couldn't be
easier
I personally use it just because it's so
amazing to me that you can put an
envelope in your printer and haven't
come up with that because I'm not a
millennial envelope my printer and it
comes out with a stamp I think that's
cool right now
use the code Clavin for this special
offer it includes up to 55 dollars free
postage a digital scale and a four week
trial don't wait go to stamps.com and
click on the radio microphone at the top
of the homepage and type in Clavin and I
know what you think how that's too hot
how can i type in claim it it's que la
vie an4 up to fifty five bucks free
postage a digital scale and a four week
trial go to stamps.com and enter Clavin
the New York Times a former newspaper
has their lead editorial
why won't Donald Trump speak for America
and the minute I saw this I thought
Trump why won't you speak for America
you guys stand for socialism you write
articles about how great women sex was
for women during the Soviet Union the
Soviet Union it was great sex for them
until they dragged their husbands off
and shot them you know that's how it
great so you know you guys at the New
York Times you back the man who said he
wanted to fundamentally transform
America why didn't you speak up for
America then you pose justices who will
hold the constant you know I mean this
is this is what's so absurd about this
is even though I thought Trump should
not have said it and I'll tell you why
in a minute even though I think Trump
should not have equated anything in
America with anything in Russia and
really shouldn't have these ideas about
Russia that he has like he he at least
is viscerally pro-american he loves this
country he wants to do things good for
this country he wants to fix things for
this country he wants the country to
love him the New York Times can't say
that about itself the New York Times
hates this country hates what it stands
for hates the freedoms of individual
people who voted for Donald Trump so why
don't they speak for America Walter
Russell Mead who is I think the new
Charles Krauthammer because he is doing
what crowd and the way Krauthammer
defined the Reagan doctrine when nobody
including maybe Ronald Reagan thought he
had a doctrine overseas Walter Russell
means is working very hard to define the
Trump
doctrine without without romanticizing
Trump without being a never Trump er and
saying everything Trump does is right or
that Trump can be trusted or whatever he
just tries to define what he's saying
and he says first of all he makes the
point in today's Wall Street Journal he
says that Obama's policy Trump's policy
in Russia bears a lot of resemblance to
Obama's policy both men held foreign
policy establishment in contempt both
came to the job with the belief that
their unique life stories and personal
qualities would enable them to transform
global politics in a historic way both
were willing to accept a Russian
presence in Syria and to overlook
Russian complicity in Assad's atrocities
long after the 2009 reset failed mr.
Obama was willing to flout domestic
public opinion to make concessions to
Russia remember him whispering to
Medvedev that he would take the missiles
out and the thing about Obama is he like
they're the establishment is complaining
that they gave Trump all the information
he needed to stand up to Putin and he
didn't do it but like Trump with that
Obama ignored everybody with the Iran
deal so what is it that makes Trump
different assignment like the Trump
actually likes America and Obama hated
America this is the thing
Trump is is apologizing overseas for
agencies that he feels have been
corrupted like the Justice Department
Obama was apologizing for Thomas
Jefferson and George Washington he was
apologizing for America itself he
thought America itself was essentially
fundamentally flawed and that is not
what about what Trump is doing so it's
nowhere near the same thing but the
difference and this is what Meade points
out is mr. Obama saw Europe everything
is about Europe but right now if you
think Europe is great then you are a
left winger that you think is oh that's
all we need is socialism yeah you don't
have a job yeah your life has no meaning
no you have no purpose yeah you don't
really produce anything but you have
three medical care you know if you think
that and you know all those Muslims they
don't want they don't matter as all
those Muslim moving your neighbor just
set you on fire doesn't matter that's
just that you know if you think Europe
is doing great you're on the left side
so that was Obama Obama saw Europe is a
rich and generally well-intentioned part
of the world that punches well below its
weight in world affairs
Trump's view he sees in the EU a mix of
fecklessness into
Western values and ruthlessness in
promoting its own bureaucratic power mr.
Trump and the brexit ears see the EU is
a screen for German domination of the
continent and mr. Trump's concerned that
excessive levels of migrants from
Islamic countries threaten the social
cohesion of Western societies so in
other words he he is in line with
politicians in countries across Europe
who resent German power and fear the
imposition of post-christian post
nationalist values through the EU here's
what meat says about this from this
perspective mr. Putin looks less like a
malign force bent on dismantling the
Cathedral of Liberty and more like an
unsavory but potentially useful partner
and that is what Trump sees Trump sees
Europe going down the drain
I believe he's right about this he sees
Europe abandoning Western values
abandoning nationalism abandoning the
Christian values that underline our free
underlie our freedom and he thinks well
Putin's not a good guy but I can use him
here's the problem with that okay Trump
thinks probably knows that Putin is a
gangster but he's dealt with gangsters
he was in New York real estate developer
so he's dealt with gangsters and he
thinks oh well I can deal with gangsters
but he's wrong because gangsters don't
want to kill you they want to rip you
off they want to take money from you and
then you everybody gets what they want
you want to keep your restaurant yeah
you pay us for protection
you can keep your restaurant but you can
still have your restaurant Putin is not
that guy he wants his enemies dead and
we are one of his enemies Chris Wallace
did this amazing interview with him
yesterday and he just said to him right
out he talked to him like the mob
mobster he is it's a really interesting
exchange he said well listen to this
question this cut number one why is it
that so many of the people that oppose
Vladimir Putin end up dead were close to
it
former Russian spy and double agent
Sergei scruple the victim of a nerve
agent attack in England Boris Nemtsov a
political opponent gunned down near the
Kremlin investigative reporter Anna
Politkovskaya
murdered in an apartment building why is
it that so many people who were
political enemies of Vladimir Putin are
attacked the pure corners of politics
get practical first of all all of us
have plenty of political rivals I'm
pretty sure president Trump has plenty
of political right they don't end up
known if you'da I watch the president of
new do not always well haven't
presidents been killed in the United
States have you forgotten about it well
she has Kennedy been killed in Russia in
the United States stop shit now Prince
we did Oh mr. king
what what happens at the clashes between
police and civil society and some
several ethnic groups well that's that's
something that happens on the US soil
classic Soviet gangsterism first of all
john f-- kennedy was killed by one of
their guys a guy Lee Harvey Oswald who
wanted to defect to Russia and basically
killed Kennedy because he was afraid he
was being too hard on Cuba that's the
first thing and secondly it has nothing
to do with the fact that this guy
murders his enemies he murders his
enemies that's you know that Donald
Trump is not doing that Barack Obama is
not doing that
Clinton maybe thanks I don't think
Clinton was doing it you know so it's
like it's classic Soviet gangsters but
then Wallace asks him about the hacking
and this is a hilarious Scott do we have
this cut well let me start answering
your question with something a little
bit different let's have a look at it
this way people are talking about the
perverted interference of Russia with
the election process in the United
States I've mentioned this and 2016 and
I want to say it now again and I really
wish for your American listeners to
listen to what I say first of all Russia
as a state has never interfered with the
internal affairs of the United States or
let alone in selection Putin says
absolutely not we did not hack and
everything we had was true so we the
stuff we send out the emails were really
emails everything we got was absolutely
right but we didn't do it so it's a
completely nonsensical
sir and the thing is Putin has to
understand I mean Trump has to
understand that this guy is not there's
no there's nothing for him to give us
anything there's no reason for him to
give us anything unless unless it is
exactly in keeping with what he wants
and what he wants is us gone he wants us
reduced to nothing he's not like a
gangster he's like a gangster dealing
with rival gangsters and when Trump
stands up there with him and makes a
comparison with us to him you know he's
basically saying that's right we're all
rival gangsters here and that is simply
not true we are not a gangster State
like like Putin's Russia here's what
he's right about here's what Trump is
right about when Trump says where are
this where is the server when Trump says
that the investigation into Russian
collude into Russian hacking and
collusion have become politicized as a
tax on him he's right there is no
indication that Muller or anybody else
in the Justice Department has ever seen
the servers that they are saying are
hacked they were looked at by a Democrat
firm basically that was built there to
protect Hillary Clinton and as far as we
know the Justice sport and the FBI has
never gotten their hands on those
servers so they do not know for sure
that it was what they're what they're
saying but let's say it was true then
the question becomes and I said this
yesterday but it remains true why why
was the diss indictment that Muller
turned out why did it come out exactly
when it did why did it come out just
after struck humiliated the FBI and why
did it come out just before Trump went
over over to have this summit in
Helsinki
you know Michael Mukasey was Attorney
General under Bush he writes a piece in
the journal today saying look this is
something that prosecutors are not
supposed to do that prosecutors are not
supposed to do stuff that damages the
the political sphere now usually they
talk about this in terms of elections
prosecutors are not supposed to do
investigations that might affect the
outcome of an election unless it's
desperate unless we find out that you
know Trump is actually holding up liquor
stores and he has to be stopped but if
he doesn't if
if it's not like that the prosecutors
are supposed to hold back so in a case
where we're going off to do this summit
it's the same kind of thing it's you
know we do not want the prosecutors
releasing these indictments when Trump
is going off to do a summit why do they
do it why did they do it if it's not
political I think they did you know
here's the thing what was Putin thinking
when his guys went into these computers
he was obviously was not thinking Trump
is going to be President the guy is not
a seer he's a gangster right he didn't
know the Trump was gonna be precedent no
buddy knew nobody knew and so what what
he was thinking was I'm Hillary's gonna
be President and so I'm gonna have this
and I'm gonna humiliate her and I'm
gonna be able to hold this over her you
know and hold this over or when she's
president so Trump is wrong in putting
us on a par with the Russians that is
just wrong he's wrong in thinking I
think he's wrong and thinking that he's
gonna get anything of value out of Putin
and this this is the same mistake Obama
made early on with the reset button and
all that stuff
same mistake Bush w Bush made when he
said oh I see into Putin's heart first
of all if he saw into Putin's heart he
must've been looking in the freezer
because it ain't that guy's chest and
you know this is the same mistake and
they all kind of came around and
realized no I'm dealing with a gangster
wants nothing he's I'm dealing with the
scorpion the scorpions gonna sting me no
matter what because that's his nature
so he's wrong about that he is right
that this collusion thing has become a
politicized investigation he is right
you know
also when he's talking he's conflating
you'll notice the look at Russian
hacking with the Russian collusion story
but the press has been doing that to him
since he took office so is I can't blame
him for doing that but he is right about
that and he is right to attack a
organization the Justice Department that
was corrupted by Barack Obama just as
the State Department was corrupted by
Barack Obama and the IRS all right but
don't panic it will all pass over
there'll be more news tomorrow and it'll
all you know we'll be going on to
something else so far listen the other
thing is Trump is doing a great job as
president that's the other thing all
right
the conversation is later today 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific subscribe
if you want to ask questions and send in
your mailbag questions to do not stint
on those mailbag questions cuz i don't
wanna show up for the mailbag and not
have any questions to answer
so hit the go to the deli wire.com if
the podcast button if the Andrew Klavan
podcast hit the mailbag ask your
questions answers
guaranteed correct and will change your
life on occasion for the better we have
mona Charen coming up to talk about her
new book sex matters really interesting
interview but we got a break from
YouTube and Facebook
all right Mona Sharon is a terrific
syndicated columnist political analyst
analyst senior fellow at the ethics and
Public Policy Institute and host of the
need to know podcast as well as a an
author of to New York Times bestsellers
useful idiots about how liberals got it
wrong in the Cold War and also
do-gooders about how liberals hurt those
they claim to help she's got a new book
out it is really good very powerful sex
matters how modern feminism lost touch
with science love and common sense sex
matters by mona Charen or my favorite
people in the conservative movement here
is our interview Mona it's great to see
you thanks for coming on your new book
sex matters by mona Charen I have to
tell you well let's talk about you you
say that it is taking you in some ways
you've been writing this book your whole
life what do you mean by that
right because I my life kind of matches
the modern feminist movement if I was a
child when betty Friedan wrote her book
The Feminine Mystique
and her acolytes over the years have
influenced my life because feminism has
influenced us all and and I'm
countercultural I've never bought into
the representation of reality that they
were peddling and what I point out in
this book is that they're not just anti
men but they of course they are they're
they're really against nature that's
their biggest that's their biggest
battle is that they resent and hate what
nature has done well before we get to
that though let me just say you have a
wonderful family you have a great career
do you know none of that to feminism
would you have had that even without
Betty Friedan right so that's a
debatable thing one of the things I talk
about in sex matters is that women were
moving into the workforce
before Betty Ford and wrote her book and
a lot of the changes that feminism has
been able to claim credit for we're
probably under we're definitely under
way before they even wrote a single word
and in any event probably owed quite a
bit to the changing nature of the
economy toward an information economy in
a way from an industrial economy that
plays in more to women's strengths and
there are other things going on in
changes in the economy but look to be
totally fair I do give feminists some
credit for doing some things that I
agreed with I think it was good that
rape victims for example were no longer
cross-examined on their sexual histories
on the stand you know I think that there
were other things where if women if
women had a little bit more
self-confidence in the workplace great
I'll get feminists credit for that but
in return I just want them to be honest
about the price that we have paid for
their extremism which has been dramatic
all right well let's start then with
where do they go wrong historically
where do you feel that feminism at least
as we know it because at some point
women were arguing for the right to vote
things that we would probably all agree
with at what point do they go wrong so
they go wrong in the 1970s when it
became not just about equal pay for
equal work and so on but a real
comprehensive attack on nature herself
on the differences between men and women
which they insisted were illusory and
you're I mean we're all familiar with
the expression that sex differences are
completely socially constructed right or
culturally constructed well that's just
not true
and the the no kidding right it's funny
that it could you be shocking to say
that but there is exactly see the
science caught up with them because they
were peddling this stuff in the 1970s
and then over the last number of decades
the science keeps rolling in you know we
know so much more now about the role of
hormones in brain development and about
cross-cultural studies
about studies of infants I talk in the
book about how baby girl
infants a few days old will respond more
strongly to the sound of a human in
distress than baby boys and baby boys
will stare longer at a flashing lights
and and mechanical objects and these
things are could it be socially
constructed when there are a few days
old yeah doubtful and then it's the
other thing when you look
cross-culturally you know there are
surveys that ask people what are you
looking for in a mate and based on those
answers they can predict with 90%
accuracy whether you're a male or a
female so men men tend to be looking for
youth and beauty in women and women tend
to be looking for resources in men and
this is true from Bangladesh to Boston
to Beijing so it's probably not culture
if there must be something to it it's
funny that the people who accuse us of
being unscientific and who believe in
evolution and get so upset when anybody
denies evolution deny the effects of
evolution would you know exactly exactly
right and so yeah they are the anti
science party when it comes to sex
differences for sure so let's let's talk
about the effects of this especially I
mean the book is called sex matters so
especially in regards to sex and the way
people deal with sex what has been the
effect on women as far as you're
concerned what is what is feminism done
to women well first of all it has denied
them the traditional protections that
were a part of our social inheritance
right the the idea that we were that we
were Bouch safe was that women are the
more sensitive vulnerable sex and that
men were had to be raised to be
gentlemen to be protective toward women
and respectful of their modesty and the
sexual revolution that the feminists
endorsed swept that all away and the
other thing the feminists did was that
they denigrated chivalry and they said
you know don't hold that door for me and
don't you know don't do any of that it's
it's patronizing it's you know and but
of course when you sacrifice that kind
of male chivalry you leave women with
very very more vulnerable let's
and I think when you look at the me to
movement it's being sold by some as yes
yet another phase of feminism but I
think of it actually as a reaction
against feminism and against the sexual
revolution it's it's women saying we're
tired of being treated this way we do
want gentlemanly behavior from men and
so in that sense it's a it's kind of a
rebellion but can you ask for
gentlemanly behavior from men without
being a lady no no and that and look I
mean the other the other aspect of why I
am so why why I want to bring feminists
to account is that they always claim to
be pro women but the fact is when you
take a look at a woman's life in full we
cannot have full and happy most of us
cannot afford lives if we're separated
from men if we're a lien on our
happiness depends on one another and
we're complementary and so for women to
be expected to have the best possible
lives they need husbands they need sons
and brothers and all the people that are
closest to them and unfortunately
because of feminism which was all about
smashing the patriarchy and dismantling
marriage and the family
women are without that support that the
family provides now so are men and that
it's really bad for men to but but the
feminists were wrong in seeing marriage
as the attract for women that had been
carefully plotted by men is there is
there a possibility it seems to me one
of the things that I I really oppose
feminism I'm really against feminism and
I one of the things I hate about it is
that it seems to me to be against
femininity which seems to be one of the
graces of life I mean it seems to be one
of the consolations of life that there
are men and they're women they're you
know but I thought that was the good
part you know after is it is it possible
though in in chasing women out of the
home and telling them that motherhood is
not a necessary function that may be the
answer to that
that women need to construct their lives
differently in terms of time that maybe
their youth can be spent one way and
that while men spend their youths trying
to build a career maybe women should
build the career later as that's is that
offensive is that too much to ask so so
here's the reality that you don't hear
very much which is upper-class women
that is the upper third right women who
have college degrees are doing that yeah
they are living out the most traditional
choices the ones who are highly educated
and have options because they tend to be
the ones who are married 76% of married
mothers say that their ideal situation
when their children are young is either
working hard time or having no work
outside the home yeah it's the it's the
people who are less educated it's the
people at the lower end of the
socio-economic scale who are faced with
an awful choice because marriage is
practice is rapidly disappearing and so
women are you know forced to work and
what do they do they don't have a career
they just have a job and you know they
can't be with their kids so the kids get
farmed out too so a high school graduate
let's say who's raising kids by herself
is farming them out to low-cost daycare
to be raised by or cared for during the
days anyway by an even less educated
woman who's going to be doing that job
it makes no sense and it's one of the
tragedies of our era is that women are
being driven away from their children
and and caring for children is one of
the great pleasures and joys of life and
the feminists happened to have missed
that too mmm
you know I want to I want to get back to
the idea of sex what would you tell a
young woman about her sex life I mean
obviously one of the things that they're
arguing which sounds fair is that women
should be as free in their sexuality as
men are they should behave essentially
as men have behaved and yet that seems
to lead to a lot of depression and
confusion what would you tell a young
woman about her sex and self harm
yeah the feminist message I can tell you
that when I got to college the theme was
chaste makes waste that was one of the
so
yep yep and we were instructed that to
be really great women meant to be as
promiscuous as men and I would tell a
young woman that they've been told a lie
they have been told that men and women
are exactly the same when it comes to
sexuality and that is a lie
women are more monogamous they are less
into casual sex they want relationships
they want love there's an old saw it's a
little its way oversimplified but
there's truth in it anyway it's in my
book men give love to get sex and women
give sex to get love and there's a
little bit of truth to that and women
should be aware that no matter what the
feminists tell them they will always be
the more vulnerable sex that they will
not be able to engage in casual sex with
the same abandon that men do and walk
away without feeling hurt or wounded in
some way some can but very but but not
many if the typical thing for a woman is
that when she has sex with a man she
gets attached and that's just biology
and so she should be very careful in
discriminating about who she has sex
with and when and where well what what
about abortion I mean one of the
arguments for abortion is this is what
gives women the freedom to have the sex
they want this is what gives them you
know makes them equal to men and if you
take abortion away from them you've
taken away their rights yeah isn't that
great we've persuaded generations of
people that you know here look you
should be sexually promiscuous which hey
it's a great benefit to men but they
claim that it was for women saying you
can be sexually promiscuous and then
when you get pregnant we're gonna allow
you to have this surgical procedure that
will rip your heart out as well as your
baby yeah and isn't that a great advance
for women so look and besides which
abortion is is an atrocity and so even
if even if it were true which it is not
that women regard it very casually and
and needed as a as a
pack up for failed birth control and in
order to have such no it's even still
even if people did feel that way I've
still posed it because it's morally uh
it's it's morally wrong so you kill so
here here you are someone with a family
with a career I mean you're what one of
the most important conservative voices
and columnist what what reaction do you
get when you say these things from
feminists I mean I've no I I haven't I
can't help but notice the feminists can
be kind of fierce and ferocious whenever
anybody opposes them did one thinks of
the harpies what kind of reactions do
you get when you make these comments so
it depends you know there there are
pieces that I've written where I've
talked about the me to movement in
sympathetic ways and they said oh you
know like she has a point there you know
and and this is in this true what she
says about casual sex and about women
being more vulnerable so sometimes
they're open to that when it comes to
abortion they tend to get their backs up
and certainly when I talk about making
it easier for women to spend time with
their kids and not driving them out of
their homes if they don't want to be
driven and most don't they they react
badly to that too and you know it's the
baby they've been using the same slogans
for centuries it feels like you know oh
you want to have women you know barefoot
and pregnant and slaves in the kitchen
in the bedroom and so on forth so you
get some of that I I'm gonna watch and
see if you get reviewed in the New York
Times which I can't buy that but they'll
probably try to ignore you I think
that's probably their best bet what do
you what do you want to see going
forward you know it seems that feminism
has so permeated certainly one of the
things that's unfair is that so many of
the people who are on the news and on
television are women who have left their
children at home and so are very
sympathetic to that point of view right
and the feminists who the woman who
stays at home with their children
doesn't have the same kind of voice
doesn't have the same a megaphone that
they have what would you like to see
going forward and what what do you think
will happen going forward
well that was one of the reasons I
wanted to write the book
because I have had a career and I wanted
to say look I was happy with my choice
you know I cut back on my career when my
kids were young and I have no regrets I
mean I could have been I could have been
a contender but I'm happier my kids are
happier my husband's happier we're all
happier that I made the decisions that I
made and so that was one of my goals was
to be able to just be a woman's voice
you could say that and another goal is
to cause people to back up and look at
the true radicalism of what the
feminists have argued over the last
several decades and confront the fact
that it has led to a great deal of
misery to many many women struggling to
raise kids on their own too many men
being disconnected from their families
and addicted and alone not working all
of these things are in part a reaiiy a
consequence of the feminist message and
so I hope to spark a debate and get
people to reconsider some of the pie
ADIZ that feminism has fed them as well
as some of the misrepresentations of
reality like the 77 cents on the dollar
statistic which is bogus and other
things like there are no differences
between the sexes and so you know my
hope is to is to cause a reevaluation
moana turn not just a contender but a
champ in my book sex sex matters only
you and I know what that's from now yeah
second rounded Laura thanks so much for
coming on I hope you'll come back and
we'll talk again and if you're in town
where you know okay bye so you never get
to see anybody anymore just get to
interview people this is the thing
all right sexual Follies speaking of
which
so Scarlett Johansson talented and
attractive actress has dropped out of
this movie rub-and-tug
about in which you would have played H
what is called a transgender man so I'm
always get very confused about this
stuff chant this is rugged rub-and-tug
tells the story of Jean Marie Gill who
was born a girl but who assumed the
identity of a man right and operated a
massage parlor and prostitution business
in Pittsburgh in the 1970s and 80s so
she's a woman dressed up as a man
essentially and subscribe the the
transgender community which has got to
be like six guys right girls or who
knows what the hell they are they say to
Scarlett Johansson it is not right that
a woman should pretend to be a woman
pretending to be a man I mean it's like
no acting here this is the movie
business right you're not allowed to
she's not allowed to act but what she's
not allowed to do is a woman can't
pretend to be a woman who is herself
pretending to be a man I mean that is
and and she and she caved in you know
and it's like you know that here's the
funny thing I've said this a million
times I know but like I don't have
anything against transgender people I
think it must be in a tremendously
terribly painful thing to feel out of
place with your gender right to feel
that I don't know you know somehow I'm
really a woman I don't even know what
that means exactly well I do know what
it means because we know men and women
are different so you feel like you're
not fulfilling the the archetype of a
man you're fulfilling the art that the
woman you know that must be tremendously
painful and I don't actually believe
it's necessarily even a mental illness
to feel that way it may just be
something biological that is you know
something even even if it's
psychological but I do think is a mental
illness but I do think it is a mental
illness is declaring a that if you feel
that way you actually are the other sex
because that's absurd that's a mental
illness torturing children and giving
them hormones that's mentally ill it's
not the it's not the people who are
experiencing this painful State who are
crazy it is the people who are trying to
convince us that that state is reality
and therefore an actress can't place a
woman who is
a man I mean that is a completely
irrational and the fact that people keep
caving you know you can be a leftist you
could be tolerant and still not be
bullied by nonsense still not concede
the point of people who are talking
absolute crap you know the professors at
the University of Minnesota Twin Cities
could lose their jobs if they don't use
transgender students preferred pronouns
a newly drafted gender identity policy
at Minnesota's flagship public
university has aimed at fighting
misgendering or calling someone by a
name or pronoun they don't use so in
other words they want to take the people
who teach our children how to find truth
and force them to not say what they
believe they want to force them to not
say what they believe never mind that
even the question of whether or pretend
she's a man is actually a man or not
which is absurd but never even mind that
if you don't believe it you should be
able to say it that is part of free
inquiry free thought free speech this
thing is driving people crazy and the
underlying idea that has to do with this
hatred of sexuality this hatred of
humanity which is male and female
that's the only thing only two kinds of
people and only two kinds of people men
and women everything else we're just
pretty much the same but men and women
are different and the fact that that is
true and the fact that it's unfair and
the fact that it has all has all the
wonderful and terrible things that it
produces in life which is basically
everything about life drives these
people crazy they hate life they hate
humanity they hate sexuality and we
should be we should be ignoring them
with all the power of our apathy okay we
should marshal all our apathy to ignore
them completely shame on Scarlett
Johansson's is a wonderful actress she
should have stood up and said I am an
actress this is what I do is I pretend
to be other people that's what I do for
a living you cannot tell me I can't do
that for a living because of your stupid
politics alright the mailbag is tomorrow
get your questions in conversation later
today see you there I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
