Englishmen and other effeminate sexual
deviants took to the streets of London
last week to protest Donald Trump
because something something something
the protestors included men dressed up
as women men who may actually have been
women women exposing parts of their
bodies that well-brought-up young ladies
usually keep covered and women with dyed
hair and tattoos that sent the message
I am psychologically dysfunctional
please help me to protest the fact that
Trump something something these sad and
irrelevant people staged such dramatic
displays as throwing girly ineffectual
punches at a half-naked Donald Trump
punching bag and then swaggering away as
if they had accomplished something they
also displayed what the media called a
BB Trump blimp but which turned out just
to be a smallish balloon though the
protestors needed a permit for it anyway
because they live in a country where you
need a permit to carry a balloon asked
why the protesters were protesting one
person told reporters quote since our
country no longer has any pride or
principles we have nothing to do but sit
around waiting to be enslaved by Sharia
law so we figured we'd protest the
American President to pass the time
until we cease to exist as a meaningful
political entity unquote the protest
ended abruptly when it was announced
that America had broken ties with
England nearly 250 years ago thus
leaving England in a relevant backwater
with no say in who governs real
countries like ours meanwhile across the
channel on the continent formerly known
as Europe France won the World Cup by
defeating Croatia which is like a
country or something in response to
their victory the French promptly rioted
to protest the fact that they just
wasted weeks of their lives watching
soccer
trigger warning I'm Andrew Klavan and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
all right the Clavin last weekend comes
to an end with a bang
not sure what that was somebody falling
down probably you know you want to take
a look at YouTube they've been
manipulating the subscription feed to
curate your choices which means that
users may not be notified if a channel
goes live even if you subscribe to our
Channel
I wouldn't say that this affects
conservatives more than leftist but it
can you know affects conservatives more
than leftist in order to make sure you
receive notifications for our live
videos you should not only subscribe to
daily wire on youtube but also ring the
little bell so you know when we post new
content also tomorrow is the
conversation July 17th
whatever tomorrow is Tuesday whatever it
is at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m.
Pacific I will answer your questions
moderate ma maybe the Clayton's weekend
isn't over yet moderated by our lovely
and talented host Alicia Kraus the QA
will stream live on YouTube and Facebook
for everyone to watch but only
subscribers can ask me questions over at
daily wired.com check out the pin
comments on this video for more
information subscribe to get your
questions answered tomorrow July 17th at
5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and
join the conversation this one's a
little different than the Shapiro and
Knowles conversation because it's me so
all the answers are guaranteed 100%
correct they can't say that because
they're honest people ah finally before
we get started let's talk about black
rifle coffee if I said to you there is a
company that makes great coffee and also
supports our military and also is run by
former military people you would say get
me that stuff that is black coffee if
you ever found yourself wincing at the
weak taste of the coffee from those
left-leaning corporate brands you
probably thought I wish they spent less
time on meaningless bias training
bathroom policy reform and other things
that defy common sense and more time
just making good coffee that's why you
need black rifle coffee it's founded by
former special operator
vets and it delivers the best roast to
order coffee right to your door
guarantees you're getting fresh premium
coffee from people you would actually
associate with in addition to great
coffee and gear black rifle has a coffee
club that makes things easy no lines no
running out just great coffee ship right
to your door every month hassle free and
they also give a portion of their sales
to veteran and first responder cause
causes visit black rifle coffee calm
slash Clavin and receive 15% off your
order that's black rifle coffee calm
slash Clavin for 15% off black rifle
comm slash how do you spell it
sing it que la VA n Mickey Mouse art so
I you know I only got a chance as I was
preparing to leave and getting ready to
leave my house to drive here I only got
a chance to see some of trumps joint
press conference with Vladimir Putin and
part of it gay I have to admit gave me a
bit of a hell sinking feeling you know I
think that you know there are things the
Trump does that you know what he's
standing with Vladimir Putin or anybody
he's always thinking about the
negotiation he's always thinking about
his personal relationship in a
negotiation so he's he's always thinking
well I can't sit here and say Vladimir
Putin is a gangster and then go back and
talk to him and say hey can you help me
out in Syria so he's not gonna do that
and despite the fact that everything the
left is doing everything the press is
doing is geared toward estranging the
two countries however however when Trump
makes a mistake if you pay attention
when he makes a real faux pas as I think
he did this morning it's always a
left-wing mistake you have to remember
that Trump spent most of his life as a
Democrat kind of trending to the left
and then he slowly became what we call
politically mature and now I think he's
been a great conservative president he
really has been but but sometimes I've
seen him do this before and it's always
this thing the left likes to compare
apples to dictators right they treat the
things that happen in our country as if
they were the same as things that happen
in a genuinely oppressive country so you
make a comment they don't like your
Hitler you know if a gay guy has to
drive an extra half a mile to get a
wedding cake it's like he
so breasts he's oppressed they didn't
throw him off a roof but they wouldn't
give him those florets he likes on his
cake because he's gay
so he's oppressed they're comparing
apples to dictators and Donald Trump did
that I'm gonna get into this whole
mother indictment thing because I think
a lot of it is I think the way the press
is covering it is absolute nonsense but
they asked him obviously a reporter
asked him about the relationships
between Russia and America and Trump had
tweeted out that we were both to blame
so here's what he is the answer that he
gave mr. president you tweeted this
morning that it's us foolishness
stupidity and the Muller probe that is
responsible for the decline in US
relations with Russia do you hold Russia
at all accountable for anything in
particular and if so what would you what
would you consider them that they are
responsible for yes I do I hold both
countries responsible I think that the
United States has been foolish I think
we've all been foolish we should have
had this dialogue a long time ago a long
time frankly before I got to office and
I think we're all to blame I think that
the United States now is stepped forward
along with Russia and we're getting
together and we have a chance to do some
great things whether it's nuclear
proliferation in terms of stopping we
have to do it ultimately that's probably
the most important thing that we can be
working on but I do feel that we have
both made some mistakes I think that the
the probe is a disaster for our country
so that to me is like saying you know
that's like Eliot Ness getting up and
saying the bad relations between the FBI
and Al Capone mob we both made mistakes
you know it's not the same thing you
know Putin is as bad as people say he is
he is a gangster he's a murderer is an
invader of other countries he's a czar
he's bringing back the age of the czars
and to sit there and compare Bob Muller
to Vladimir Putin is comparing a a cake
shop that won't give you a wedding cake
to like Muslims throwing days off roofs
it's comparing apples to dictators and
that's and that is a mistake that Trump
makes because he used to be a left
winger
because he's a negotiator and so he
wants to flatter and appease Putin in
spite of the fact let's always remember
let's always remember that while the
Obama was doing absolutely nothing to
Russia
Trump has supplied the Ukrainian rebels
with arms with lethal weapons he has
sanctioned some of these oligarchs who
live off their ability to take their
millions rip off the Russia for millions
and then bring their money over here he
has done all kinds of things to really
make life tough for Putin so I in terms
of action Trump is doing very well but
always with Trump there's you know the
whole thing is the media works through
noise everything in the media is noise
hammering stop the hammering out there
who's got a hammer where is it where's
the hammer is it on the go up from the
other floor somebody go up there and
stop the hammering stop the hammering if
they stop the hammering like the entire
media would go off the air you know what
what the media does with Republican
presidents is they create all this noise
all this panic all this stuff that is
based on zero or on nothing Mitt
Romney's an evil guy because maybe he
did something in high school that was
not that nice or he put his dog on the
roof when he went on a trip you know so
there's lots of lots of noise
surrounding Ron oh he put women in
binders that was my favorite the hell
did that even mean you know I made many
had binders filled with women's resumes
so that or what a gaffe what a terrible
gap so then if Mitt Romney actually does
something wrong or if he makes a mistake
then it seems to be part of this massive
massive problem Mitt Romney gets instead
of media noise and then maybe Mitt
Romney made an actual mistake when it
comes to of course the left when it's
Barack Obama IRS you know shutting down
the opposition never heard of it lying
about Benghazi no no he didn't lie about
Benghazi it's sending in the FBI to
investigate the opposition no no it just
looks that way because the FBI was
investigating the opposition at Obama's
request so it just looks like that was
you know so they surround them with this
kind of cone of silence
but they surround Republicans with noise
so let's just look at this Muller
indictment because this is basically
what he goes into this
sumit what he went into the summit with
okay you know the expression you can
indict a ham ski Sam of it you know it's
like what basically is going on I'm look
this is not to put forward a conspiracy
theory it truly is not but but there is
such a thing there aren't are such
things as politicized prosecutors and we
don't know yet whether Muller is won or
not we really don't it looks he's a lot
of suspicious stuff so many Democrats he
did get rid of struck which was a good
thing but so many Democrats so many
angry Democrats lots of them super
Hillary supporters so we don't know is
he is a totally politicized prosecutor
he might be but I will say this these
indictments come out these indictments
come out after this absolute circus of
Peter struck being questioned by the
House Committee and making the FBI look
like crap
struck I mean that that hearing was a
circus but I think what most people came
away from except the Democrats trying to
cover up for him was this is a mess
so it comes right before that right
after that and right before the Helsinki
summit and you think to yourself these
guys are never what he did was he
indicted a federal grand jury returned
an indictment against a dozen Russians
these are Russian military security
people basically saying that they were
going into the Democrats emails and that
they are the ones who put out all these
emails that went to WikiLeaks and so on
the defendants worked for two units of
the main intelligence Directorate of the
Russian general staff known as the GRU
the unit's engaged in active cyber
operations to interfere in the 2016
presidential election there was one unit
that engaged in active cyber operations
by stealing information and a different
unit that was responsible for
disseminating the stolen information the
defendants used two techniques to steal
information first they use a scheme
known as spearfishing which involves
sending misleading email messages and
tricking the users into disclosing their
passwords and security information
second the defendants hacked into
computer networks and installed
malicious software that allow them to
spy on users and capture keystrokes take
screenshots and exfiltrate or remove
data from those computers okay so he's
accusing now again again these guys will
never be extradited they will never be
tried these are just charges that
they're making okay and that I'm not
saying the charges are wrong I'm not
saying anything about it about them but
I am saying look these came out at a
certain point they came out after the
struck hearing which I thought was just
a disaster for the FBI let's take a look
at some of the structure and just for a
minute I know it's a little bit of a
diversion but still Peter struck this is
the guy obviously who was writing to his
adulterous lover also working with the
FBI about how much he hated Trump and he
was gonna get an insurance policy in
case he won and and he was gonna stop
him from becoming president all this
stuff and he comes up and he was first
of all if he's got this face when you
caught his expressions like you know I
actually took one of his expressions and
put it on Twitter with the caption have
the lamb stops screaming Clarice cuz he
looked just like Hannibal Lecter in the
movie and I got like retweeted like
4,000 times like 20,000 like so anyway
he goes up there and first trey gowdy
goes against them and I'm not gonna play
all this stuff but I got to play at
least a couple of cuts trey gowdy just
says you know you were thrown off the
probe cuz what struck is saying is yes
well maybe I said some bad things but
that doesn't mean I'm biased I've never
been biased I've never bought my dad he
says you were thrown off the probe
here's the question if you were kicked
off when he read the text shouldn't you
have been kicked off when you wrote him
not at all well it wasn't the discovery
of your text mr. Strock it was the
existence of your bias that got you
kicked off no mr. Gowdy it wasn't I do
not have bias my personal opinions in no
way why'd you get kicked off mr. gowdy
my understanding why I was kicked off
was that based on understanding of those
texts and the perception that they might
create well hang hang on a sec is a
baller rock
you're saying it was the perception
there 13 Democrats on the Special
Counsel probe including one who went to
what he hoped was a victory party that's
a perception problem - they weren't
kicked off
you were why were you kicked off because
I mean they're all Democrats but he was
kicked off so it doesn't look awfully
bad and then there was this exchange
with Louie Gohmert and you got it you
listen to the Democrats are trying to
shut them down and the Democrats Act one
of them actually said this guy deserves
a Purple Heart which right this is the
what the military gives you if you're
wounded in action
this guy's an embarrassment that clearly
an embarrassment and Louie Gohmert was
just hilarious mister this man has died
gentleman from Texas will suspend for a
moment is the disgrace and it won't be
recaptured anytime soon because of the
damage you've done to the justice system
and I've talked to FBI agents around the
country you've embarrassed them you've
embarrassed yourself and I can't help
but wonder when I see you looking there
with a little smirk how many times did
you two look so innocent into your
wife's eyes and lied to her about me mr.
Chairman I love this country
you only get this in a free country that
was hilarious but but you know I you
know listen plenty of adulterers have
done good things in the world I have to
admit but you do it say well you're
sitting there swearing you know that
you're gonna tell the truth to us but
you also swore to be faithful to your
wife so it does speak somewhat to
character however so that's all this
noise is going on right and then these
indictments come out and you'll hear
people you'll hear both people on the
left and the kind of never Trumper
saying oh look how many indictments
there are look how many in time but
these are indictments that will never
ever ever be tried or proven right these
are just charges that are being made and
we don't know if they're true we don't
know you know Devin Nunez or Nunez
no no whatever that hell his name is he
was he said he said this was in our
report this was in the house report so
they think it's true too but they also
think that they were hacking the
Republicans were trying to act the
Republicans as well now you want to know
what the how the left is playing this
right and and are you gonna tell me that
the FBI isn't in touch with the New York
Times of course they are they
they've been leaking stuff through the
New York Times since this stuff happened
so here um here's what I'm saying I'm
not saying it's a conspiracy I'm just
saying timing is struck humiliates the
FBI Trump is on his way to Helsinki they
release these indictments and then the
New York Times reliably selling the left
wing line well let's take a trip to
knuckle head row the op-ed page of the
New York Times
here's the New York Times on this
indictment the 37 page indictment handed
up by a federal grand jury in Washington
amounted to a detailed rebuttal of mr.
Trump who has sowed doubts that Russia
interfered in the election and dismissed
questions about its meddling as fake
news first of all that's a that's a half
truth right there I mean wonder what
Trump has been saying repeatedly is this
is a witch-hunt because there was no
collusion while he was standing next to
Putin he said well Putin does deny it
but that's not the same as saying it's
untrue what he has said his thing about
a witch-hunt has been about his gluten
all right
goes on this is the Times mr. Muller has
gathered extensive evidence of contacts
between Russia and the Trump campaign
this is the New York Times right mr.
Trump's eldest son met with a Russian
lawyer in hopes of receiving political
dirt on mrs. Clinton okay we've gone
through that extensively as far as Trump
jr. knew this was not a agent of the
Russian government it was a Russian but
still it was a stupid meeting to took
take he got out of it pretty fast
one advisor has admitted being tipped
off in advance to Russian hacking of
democratic emails untrue
this is Papadopoulos they're talking
about and he said he was not tipped off
in advance he he just said that he knew
that they had them and that went to the
Australians and they're claiming that
that began the investigation almost
certainly untrue as well another was in
contact with a twitter account used by
russian hackers the hell does that mean
we're all in contact with a twitter
account he's by russian hackers a
federal judge found problem this is one
I love a federal judge found probable
cause that a third advisor was an
unlawful Russian agent that's the
federal that's the FISA guy who was
shown the steeled dossier which we now
know was complete garbage as Trump said
in his press conference he said if the
still dossier had anything they'd have
released it by now
so that's nonsense but again it's
creating this noise it's creating this
noise that if so much stuff is happening
if I pound my fist on the table long
enough we're having an earthquake if so
much stuff is happening then there must
be something going on there's all the
smoke
you've got the hammer the news media has
got the hammer and they make all this
noise let me just play let me let me
just play a couple well let me play a
couple things just to show you how the
noise was created Sam
vinaigrette I don't know how to
pronounce her name she's this cutie pie
who was a former aide to to Obama and
she goes on
I guess it's CNN let's let's look at the
per CNN first and she and she calls
Trump a Russian tool right well we
definitely know is that Trump and
Vladimir Putin actually have a few
things in common when it comes to the
media both of them happen to be
propaganda they spread misinformation
disinformation and so divisions in the
United States says Russia's mission we
know from the intelligence community and
Donald Trump has proven himself to be a
tool a Russian tool for spreading that
misinformation and disinformation all
right now in CNN on this show Trump is a
tool then Jake Tapper asks the big
question which is all this hacking went
on under Obama trumpet nothing to do
with it Obama was sitting there and
Obama knew about it and he didn't do
diddly and so Jake Tapper asked the
question suddenly she seems an entirely
different song you read this indictment
and you think boy the Obama
administration they really kind of
missed the ball on this I mean yes they
issued that report but President Obama
said what did he say he told Putin to
cut it out or knock it off and wasn't
particularly strong and then there was
all this hesitation about warning the
American people for fear of looking
partisan in retrospect doesn't it seem
to you that perhaps the Obama
administration was at least to a degree
asleep at the switch well I'm not here
to be an apologist for the Obama
administration I was gone when this when
this happened but I think two separate
things here we have one what
intelligence did we have when this
attack started so 2016 2015 2014 when
did we start to know what the Russians
were up to that's question number one
question number two is why were we
ineffective in deterring that ongoing
attack and we're still ineffective we
know from various sources public and
private that this attack hasn't stopped
there's bipartisan agreement on that
and not one president whether it be
Obama or President Trump has figured out
how to deter Vladimir Putin so it's not
a question in Helsinki about whether
Donald Trump raises election meddling he
can raise it is has he prepared enough
to figure out how to deter President
Putin continuing doing what he's doing
so on one show she's saying he's a tool
of Russia and then Tapper points out
that it was Obama and she says well
we've all made mistakes and I wasn't
there at the time it's just a completely
different narrative when she's
confronted cuz she knows nobody's gonna
pay a bitch pay attention and compare it
you know you have to go back today when
they sat down when Trump and Putin first
sat down Trump winked at Putin we have a
little clip of that it's like it just
two seconds long they're sitting
together and he gives them a wink he'll
oh yeah and they close in on it and of
course the left goes their nuts the
played over and over again very you know
that was a wink oh my god Trump looks
like he just got schooled by his
teachers on on Twitter only Trump could
make Putin look like the classy one very
awkward body language got it you know
the whole thing but you remember back in
2012 when Obama said to Dmitry Medvedev
then the outgoing President of Russia
who was about to give way and let Putin
become president for life right when he
made that that comment about about the
missile defense system that Putin didn't
want going into Europe and Obama who
later got rid of the missile defense
system promised Medea medev defeated
that yeah yeah noonas whatever his name
is that he would after the election
after he didn't have to deal with the
voters anymore
he would get out of it you know instead
of just playing the clip of that do we
have the CBS huff CBS reported that
President Obama was far from Washington
today in South Korea for a summit with
world leaders on nuclear security but he
couldn't escape presidential politics
not after a live microphone picked up a
comment that he made to the Russian
president senior White House
correspondent bill Plante is traveling
with the president in seal tonight bill
Scott President Obama and outgoing
Russian president met
were still deep in conversation as
cameras were ushered into the room and
President Obama was overheard giving
Medvedev a very candid political
assessment of his ability to deal with
the major problems between the US and
Russia all of the issues can be solved
the president told Medvedev but he
stressed that it was particularly
important for incoming Prussian
President Vladimir Putin to give him
space on the missile defense system
which the US and NATO want to install in
Europe his context its presidential you
know politics and then later on they say
oh the Russians the Russians the
Republicans made a big fuss over this
but it's just campaign rhetoric and all
this as a result of this see they
because they surround the Republicans
and noise when Trump made a mistake
which I think he did with but he said at
the at the conference the one thing we
can count on is that they'll overreact
so they'll kind of make it look much
less bad than what actually was the
Trump makes a mistake in this all
becomes part of this noise and you say
oh my gosh is this going on and they're
calling them a trade is it treason as a
traitor
it's just Trump negotiating right but
they surround the left with silence so
now years later Katy tour is on NBC and
somebody mentions the fact that Obama
promised Medvedev that he would get rid
of these missiles as soon as he did
wasn't responsible to the American
populace right and listen what Katie tor
says well I think it was Obama that
leaned over to Putin and said I'll have
a little more flexibility to give you
what you want after the re-election I'm
sorry I don't know what you're referring
to congressman remember what he leaned
over at a at a panel discussion or at a
meeting and he said I'll have more
flexibility after the election no one
really ever pushed the president what he
meant by that but I can only assume for
a thug like Putin that it would embolden
him so what we've got Katie Tours never
heard of it she's never heard of it
because she herself is part of an
industry that wrapped Obama's failures
and corruption in silence and is making
noise about every misstatement or miss
or stumble that Donald Trump makes the
truce news story right now is that the
Russian collusion investigation really
does look like a political event it
really doesn't look like a political
event some
have been handed down up they'd have
nothing to do with Donald Trump but it
even if the indictments are true even if
the charges are true they'll never be
proved so they don't they're not
evidence right now of anything meanwhile
Donald Trump went through Europe got
them to spend more money on defense at
NATO he's now talking to Putin which we
need to do talking to North Korea he's
doing a good job he's just part he's
just learned to fight noise with noise
and so it's all kind of like a lot of
noise that we got to listen through to
get to the truth
speaking of noise we got Michael Doyle's
coming right up but I got to say goodbye
to Facebook and YouTube so come on over
to the Daily wire comm and subscribe for
a lousy ten bucks a month you can be in
the conversation tomorrow you could ask
questions in the conversation you can
ask questions in the mailbag on
Wednesday all my answers are guaranteed
100% correct will change your life
sometimes for the better and for a
hundred bucks you get a full year
subscription and the leftist tears
tumblr which trust me is going to be
automatically refilling a lot in the
coming months all right Michael moles
coming up
all right have we got mr. Noles there he
is hey you and I were just smoking a
cigar two days ago that does I was I was
kind of hoping because I so rarely get
good segment assignments here I was kind
of hoping I could get to go over to
London and Scotland and ride on the baby
Trump blimp and all of that but
unfortunately I had to watch it from
afar if you had sat on that baby Trump
blimp it would have fallen like a rock
other thing was like this baby was
smaller than a Prius it was I couldn't
believe they made such a fuss over that
you know that was that cigar was the
last moment I had off all weekend
because I've been working so hard
getting the second season of another
Kingdom ready for you to read so I just
want you to know you know you're doing
good stuff I'm really grateful and I'm
really glad to hear that because that
cigar was the last cigar I had before I
had another one on the ride home and
then a couple martinis on Saturday as
yeah I'm glad we both spent our
weekend's doing good work I'm pretty
excited for this new season of another
Kingdom it's it's I'm really happy with
the way it came out and I think it's I
think it's gonna be really good and the
daily wire is doing it this time so it's
gonna have a lot of you know it's gonna
have the god king himself behind it he's
gonna be using all of his powers I also
really appreciate it because as you
might know I don't I don't work a lot in
this town anymore you know and at this
point I believe the only acting roles I
get are from you and Ted Cruz those are
the main channels so I really hope we're
gonna put all of every ounce of acting
training I ever had is going into the
second season of another Kingdom and I
hope people like it I think the first
one did pretty well so I'm hoping this
one doesn't I think with the audience's
helping with Jeremy's intelligence
behind this thing I think we could make
this into something you know which you
might actually be the first thing you
like besides getting married you could
actually be proud that's right I'd like
to count the book is something at the
blank book is incredible but I didn't do
anything so it doesn't doesn't work you
know we've been talking about the noise
and there was so much noise
Donald Trump did a good job in Europe I
mean he came he demanded more NATO
spending he seems to have gotten
commitment for norm or NATO spending he
schooled the the English on what they
should be doing about brexit but aren't
but nothing he got nothing but protests
and what are they protesting they the
Europeans in the United Kingdom I guess
the former Europeans in the UK but in
for all the way from the UK to Finland
the foreigners who were protesting our
president and our government were
proving Trump right they were proving
the entire point President Trump said
these people are ungrateful we're
protecting them we're paying the huge
lion's share of their defence budget and
they're not grateful for it they're
cozying up to other people and they
don't give us any respect on the world
stage they don't give us respect on
trade they'll give us respect anywhere
and what happened he pulled up and he
got no respect no respect I tell you
like Rodney Dangerfield there's even
some physical resemblance
I mean that is the main takeaway right
now just on the defense point just on
the no respect right now the United
States pays 12 and a half times as much
as the United Kingdom and 71% more as a
percentage of GDP even even
because obviously as a smaller GDP yeah
for defense
that's for defense we're paying so much
more over 12 times more and by the way
the UK is the number two contributor to
NATO there are the better the second
biggest one we're still paying almost 13
times and then they brag about their
social spending which they can only do
because we're paying for it essentially
exactly because daddy daddy drama that's
been very nice to them Uncle Sam all the
way through daddy Trump is being very
nice also the other thing about the
protests is to see that the American
Left has common cause with our apparent
foes abroad you know the the tenor of
the protests was so grotesque and so
lame you know is that you know that all
they do they can't protest any actual
policy so they just make a big Trump
baby wearing a diaper and they use
profanity
there was a great side by side of the
lefty protestors who were like his
stripping naked and had rainbow glitter
on their eyes and we're throwing blood
on the wall or whatever and then the the
pro Trump protesters there we're saying
hey they were old like dressed well and
button-down shirts they parted their
hair and it said you know free that
journalists that the UK locked up for
from a Robinson case
Tommy Robinson they were all focused on
issues they said welcome Donald Trump
because that's how adults behave and his
screaming children do not I have to play
a cut for you I just have to play a cut
of a protester being asked why he is
protesting is cut number seven then we
got this can we play
you can sort of live in a world where a
fully it's gonna win other things are
going on this sort of like culture where
basically you know you can sort of like
kind of put people down and sort my
penis
you know the big person to sort of
essentially you know use its negative
sort of methods or put people down like
nope he has no clue what was that
Alexandria Acacio Cortes I couldn't make
it I couldn't see on the screen you know
it's funny because that actually makes a
great point that image which is so you
know he's a bully and he said he wants
to win and he says loser and this and
that and it really means this is just
ideological you know ideologies are in
so so many ways just bunches of words
you know vocabularies and they speak
different languages this is a point that
political philosopher Michael Oakshott
makes a lot and the these people don't
recognize the vocabulary the very
American vocabulary that Trump uses so
they said they even use words but they
it but they're hypocritical and ironic
you know there were all these Trump is a
racist signs in Scotland one said no
Trump no USA no KKK no racist USA in you
know maybe it rhymes better in Scott and
it has gutter meter in Scotland one in
three ethnic minorities last year
reported discrimination one now why is
that first of all there aren't that many
ethnic minorities in Scotland but the
the fact on the ground is racial
discrimination among those ethnic
minorities is much worse in Scotland
than in the United States but the fact
doesn't matter they're just throwing
whatever they can at Trump based on
these slogans like Alexandria Ocasio
Cortez they're being interviewed in the
UK there was a paraglider from
Greenpeace it said Trump well below par
this this one it was my favorite one of
the whole protest because it had a hint
of that British wit yeah it almost a you
know like whale Johnny good
and then in London they had one of the
biggest protests since the Iraq war
really yeah since a matter that actually
involved the United Kingdom this one
doesn't involve them at all they still
got a quarter of a million protesters
out there and this is a really funny
point with how the the media treat
Donald Trump versus how they
his opponents the Lib Dem leader Vince
Cable says that Trump is an enemy of the
UK says he's hostile to the UK's
interests and what they stand for he's
calling them an enemy no coverage of
that no coverage of politicians in the
United Kingdom referring to Trump as an
enemy only images and reporting of
Donald Trump referring to Europeans as
foes that's what gets the but you know
if you swatch that full interview the
the reporter this really got me because
the reporter says to him you know you
you have who are your main foes or
competitors so he uses he uses them as
synonyms in the question clearly is the
foe means competitor and he says well
we've got a lot of foes you know I mean
talking about competitors you know
European or economic foes and the
Chinese and all this stuff it was a
complete it was a complete
bait-and-switch yeah absolutely that's
of course right you know a Nigel Farage
he referred to this nigel raj is very
good on the media too he points these
things out and he he said that this was
the biggest insult to a sitting US
president ever like in that like in that
interview where they're just you you
know they're just trying to nab him on
something this was all just a big setup
and I think Trump handled it very well
I'll talk about it later on the show how
I I think he handled the Russia summit
well yeah but in Helsinki in Helsinki
there's a sign that reads USA and Russia
you did not send your best your leaders
have lots of problems they're bringing
crime some of you I assume are good
people in reference to the the trumps
Mexico count right right
so in Helsinki it's the protesters
drawing an equivalence between the US
and Russia it's president Trump's
critics on the Left drawing an
equivalence between the President of the
United States of the President of Russia
they're drawing this equivalence I think
the way Trump does it is very different
but by the way all of these signs in
Finland refugees welcome no racism no
xenophobia last year Finland accepted
750 refugees from Syria and the
Democratic Republic of Congo
significantly lower you might notice
than their neighbors last year five
thousand Iraqi refugees returned home
and Finland chartered them 15 flights a
day you know if someone is going to be
throwing stones here we we have over a
thousand illegal immigrants crossing our
border every single day and we do
basically nothing about it Finland is
sending
airplanes making it so hard to live that
they have to go home it's it's absurd
but they don't you know it what's good
for me is not good for thee with these
protesters and it just highlighted the
hypocrisy I think it's a great show and
it all goes back to the defense spending
it all goes back to the offensive many
because you know it's not just a matter
of how much we spend on NATO it is the
fact that they don't have a military
they don't need to have a military that
will protect them because everybody
knows if you invade Finland will kill
you that's you know that is why people
the only reason vitomir Putin doesn't
take over Finland is because he doesn't
want to start a war with us so all our
spending yes if they benefit from all
our spending so everything they do is
like a child yelling it's like an
adolescent child yelling at his parents
that like they really are like children
who sit around and say like you're not
the boss of me you know with my
breakfast I wanted my burger rare yeah
it's Sucre it's so disingenuous the left
tries to say well certain countries
aren't in NATO
well Finland doesn't directly nonsense
yes as you said the United States is
protecting the world and they all
benefit from or and rely upon our
defense spend and a simple thank you and
politeness when our president comes to
town is all we ask I mean come on that's
exactly right you know but I think he
played it really well and I mean we'll
see I because I'm a little lighter on on
president cough fa4 that Russian
aggression meeting yeah it was just that
one comment I just thought like you know
I know and I know you know so much of
what he says is planned negotiation
technique and right and so the idea when
you get people like the New York Times
this is treason
it's hilarious it's very much reasons
negotiation but you do think every now
again you are the president don't
compare us then John Brennan the former
CIA director and communist voter yeah
and communist voter he said this is
treason with Russia and you know the guy
voted for the Communist Party nominee at
the height of the Cold War we haven't
heard from Bernie because he was over
their honeymoon yeah well the gulags
were already starting to change his
opinion on Trump you know this guy's
looking better after all all right so
you're gonna get Trump off the hook I'm
gonna totally get him off the hook on my
show I'll listen in because I want to
know how let's see what is he that
little magic
all right it's good talking about
theater but it is absolutely true you
know we have to play this one I I just
have to play this one clip of Trump they
say calling Europe a foe which is is the
cut number six just listen to the way
they manipulate this interview this is
ABC reporting on CBS's interview what's
your biggest competitor the biggest foe
globally right now well I think we have
a lot of foes I think the European Union
is a foe what they do to us in trade
now you wouldn't think of the European
Union but they're a foe as for Putin's
Russia which US intelligence agencies
are convinced cyber attack the 2016
election a half-hearted second place in
the president's ranking of American foes
Russia's a foe in certain respects
China's a foe of economically certainly
they're a foe that's completely absurd
every piece of that is fake news every
piece he says well who's your biggest
foe competitor so he's using it as a
synonym so obviously when Trump picks it
up he's using it to mean competitor
that's the first thing and secondly he
then lists them in the order they come
in to his mind he wasn't saying the
European Union was a worse foe than
Russia or China
he's been harping about China since he
started his for 20 years really you know
so it's just complete fake news complete
noise and it's the only good thing about
it is it gets trumped when Trump does
make a little bit of a slip which I
think he did it gets him off the hook
because it's in the context of the just
ceaseless ceaseless and idiotic attacks
against him all right our crappy culture
so Samantha bee came out with a
statement that I want to riff on just a
little bit Samantha bee you'll remember
was it Ivanka she referred to with using
the c-word right and there was all this
screaming and yelling that that was a
terrible thing to say I mean that is a
word normally that you pay a big price
for saying nothing happens to her she
loses some sponsors but she's still in
the air she doesn't lose her show
Roseanne is gone but Samantha bee is
still going and she says you know she
says she wasn't really prepared for the
level of ferocity
she said it affected me a lot I've been
thinking a lot about it we had a
scheduled vacation around July 4th and
it was a time of reflection I this is
I'm quoting Samantha bee I do think that
being part of the outrage machine is an
inevitability now that's a reality
everyone has to grapple with not just me
the level of ferocity is something I
hadn't quite experienced up to that
point but I assume I'll go through it
again maybe I'll be better prepared next
time I think we handled it well but it
was a pretty steep learning curve so
Samantha beads there's left now is not
only victims of everybody else in the
patriarchy left now could be victims of
themselves Samantha bee is like blaming
the world for the fact that she did
something wrong and the thing is there's
on the left there's simply no
accountability
Glenn Reynolds has a piece in USA Today
glenn reynolds obviously the insta
pundit he says when the epa poisoned the
Animas River in Colorado it rejected
claims for damages and nobody from the
EPA went to jail a private company under
similar circumstances would have faced
ruinous losses when the IRS is Lois
Lerner deliberately targeted
conservative groups something the IRS
admitted and apologized for she retired
with her pension and faced no charges
when Chinese hackers stole a vast
database of secret military and
intelligence personnel observation a
blow some experts called a cyber Pearl
Harbor nobody lost their job or went to
jail here's Mark Penn writing in the
hill former FBI director James Comey
maintained he did not make any decision
on the email investigation of former
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton until
after Hillary Clinton's interview even
though his conclusion memo was written
edited and watered down months in
advance of his announcement former CIA
head John Brennan denied he supplied the
steel dossier on Trump the then Senate
Majority Leader
read in the face of mounting evidence
that he did indeed precisely that former
FBI director Andrew McCabe has flatly
denied that he lied to the FBI about
orchestrating a self-serving leak when
we know he did so you know I mean the
thing is these guys pay no price they
lie they lie under oath they say these
things you know with the EPA makes these
terrible terrible decisions but as long
as you are part of the deep state big
leftist machine you do not get touched
and that includes the media that
includes the media meanwhile John
Schnatter the guy the founder of Papa
John's has to quit because he uses the
n-word in a conference call to point out
that somebody else was bigoted to point
out that somebody else said something
bigoted and he didn't want to be
involved with him and he used the word
and he said he's still apologizing for
using the word he said it's a hurtful
word I'm sorry I used it but still still
to use it in that context where you're
condemning it it should not cost you
your job it is insane and so all I'm
simply saying is it's the weight the
weight of error on the right is entire
you make a mistake on the right you lose
your job your Roseanne you lose your job
your John Schneider you lose your job
you make a mistake on the left and
nothing nothing ever I mean Hillary
Clinton is still walking around free and
when people start chanting lock her up
they say isn't that awful isn't what's
awful about it she broke the law all
right we'll be back tomorrow with more
and we've got the conversation tomorrow
so stay tuned for that I am Andrew
Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin show a
new week begins
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena
hair and makeup is by Joshua alvera the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
