another example when it comes to
language is is all this stuff with with
pronouns where you know you're not
allowed to say certain pronouns it's you
know if somebody people have their own
pronouns now and they make up even fake
pronouns and you have to figure out what
someone's pronoun and refer to them by
that pronoun and and if you break this
rule especially in a professional
setting you could lose your job you
could lose everything so it's a small
stupid insignificant thing to which they
have attached a huge penalty and so I
think a lot of people look at that and
they say fine I'll just play the game
because it's not worth it it's not you
know I'm not I'm not gonna lose my job
over this
personally I think when it comes to
manipulating language that is a hill
worth dying on because with that what
the left is asking you to do is or
telling you to do requiring you to do is
to tell a lie when they say yeah this
person's a biological woman but refer to
this person as a he I think a lot of us
will just play the game and say fine
I'll do it because I don't want to you
know if I don't that I could the penalty
is too severe I think that is a hill
worth dying on though and potentially
losing your job over because to play the
game in that case is to tell a lie and
when the left can get you to tell lies
for them well then they own you I mean
they have your soul at that point
