let's get into the news so in other
bizarre and strange new stormy Daniels
has now been arrested and it's hilarious
okay so stormy Daniels was arrested last
night why well it's it's sad when you
know the new democratic leader is
arrested
you know everybody during the rallies in
2016 was shouting lock her up about
Hillary Clinton and then Hillary Clinton
became irrelevant and now turns out
we're going to lock up the new
Democratic leader they're leading 2020
candidate stormy Daniels so here is the
actual statement of fact in support of
probable cause for the arrest of stormy
Daniels and approximately 11:30 p.m. a
dancer using the stage name stormy
Daniels later identified as Stephanie
Clifford made her way to the main stage
and began performing the majority of the
patrons got up from their tables and
stood immediately adjacent to the stage
throwing dollar bills at miss Clifford
which is a good metaphor for her entire
career as well as an actual non metaphor
for her entire career during her
performance after removing her top
exposing her breasts she began forcing
the faces of the patrons into her chest
and using her bare breasts to smack the
patrons which is a thing to do I guess
the officers also observed a miss
Clifford fondling the breasts of female
patrons as soon as the officers observed
the aforementioned criminal activity
detectives Lancaster Kelly and prey
they're approached the stage miss
Clifford made her way over to Detective
Kelly and began performing in front of
her
miss Clifford leaned over grab detective
Kelly's head and began smacking her face
with her bare breasts and holding her
face between her breasts against her
chest
America is already great miss Clifford
then began making her way over to
Detective Lancaster and performed the
same acts on him forcing his face into
her chest between her breasts and began
smacking his face with her bare breasts
miss Clifford then moved down onto the
stage where officer pray thon was
standing it began fondling officer pray
Thurs buttocks and breasts she then
forced officer pray pray Thurs head into
her chest between her breasts and began
smacking officer pray Thurs fest with
her bare breasts as she had done with
all the other patrons and a floor
mentioned officers what it's like
it's a Mason chain or something during
this time detective Rosser was standing
back through the bar area witnessing the
criminal activities the detective Rosser
was the least lucky officer assigned
that evening as soon as miss Clifford
moved on from officer Prather detective
Rosser made his way through the crowd to
advise the other officers he was exiting
the club to request the assistance of
patrol to arrest the aforementioned
three suspects all three suspects were
arrested without incident I'm not sure
who the three suspects are is that
Clifford and her breasts
like I'm confused hey this is the
apprehension three suspects this is
poorly written I'm not sure who the
other people who are arrested are all I
can say here is that clearly the
Democrats have chosen wisely in their
decision to make Stephanie Clifford the
leading edge of their attack on
president Trump she is nothing but class
why would we ever suspect that she might
I don't know do things for money when
she spent her entire career doing things
for money why would we ever suspect that
maybe this whole I am a victim of the
president and I will stop the president
time on Saturday alive to stop the
president then maybe that's all just a
way to raise her profile because she's
pretty much willing to smack people in
the face with her boobs for cash like
just and that is not an exaggeration
that is literally her arrest record now
is that she smacked people in the face
with her boobs for cash and we are
supposed to believe that she and her and
her lawyer Michael avenatti are going to
save America well you know I know that
there are a lot of people on the right
who believe the Trump is King David so I
guess that this would make her like
female King David according to the left
that like God anointed her breasts so
that she can save the country from
President Trump yes everything is deeply
stupid indeed all of the things are
stupid and they're not just stupid with
regard to stormy Daniels's latest arrest
for apparently bringing people face to
face with the crass apparently also
Peter struck was interviewed by the
House Judiciary & Oversight Committee
today and he's now returned to a
congressional hearing room just down the
hall and he says that he was not biased
against President Trump in any way he
did not bias his case against President
Trump in any way which is only belied by
every fact we know about Peter struck at
this time he was the FBI agent of course
he suggested that he was going to stop
Trump from becoming president was
texting with his lover Lisa pages the
light shows Lisa page both of them
married having an affair with each other
and texting about how Trump was the
worst thing in the world clearly
President Trump didn't have the moral
standards of Peter struck and Lisa Paige
while they were cheating on their
spouses with one another and then using
their professional positions in order to
accelerate an investigation into a
political enemy clearly Trump is the
major problem here
