anti-fur the fascist anti-fascist group
that is actually fascist is protesting a
proposed new law that would force them
to take off their masks while they're
beating people up it's a true story the
unmasked and Tifa bill would mandate
harsh jail sentences for anyone who
quote injures oppresses threatens or
intimidates any person while wearing a
mask unquote fascist anti-fascist leader
Adolf fascist says the new law singles
out and Tifa
unfairly just because they put on masks
to injure oppress and intimidate people
instead of say asking for candy on
Halloween the fascist anti fascist mr.
fascist said quote this bill makes no
sense how in the world am I supposed to
injure oppress threaten and intimidate
people without wearing a mask everyone
would be able to see my face and
identify me and then there would be
consequences for terrorizing my fellow
Americans is that really the sort of
country we want to become unquote
fascist anti-fascists like mr. fascist
claim they are not fascist because they
call themselves anti-fascist while
assaulting innocent people in the
streets like fascists in a recent
interview the anti-fascist fascist mr.
fascist said quote as an anti-fascist I
believe in freedom and so I should be
free to beat the living crap out of
anyone who disagrees with me taking off
my mask would hamper me and that
important work plus I might catch a
glimpse of myself in a nearby storefront
window and realize what a degraded
monster I've become which would be just
plain depressing unquote the unmasked
anti fob bill was proposed by three
Republicans who brought the bill into
Congress where Democrats responded by
putting on masks and beating them up
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
this is the Clavin shop
hockety duncan t this is the play
Machaut tickety-boo this is the Clavin
show birds they be singing yo also be
winging yo no easy craving dough this is
the craving show
tickety-boo okay D talk a deep breath
seagull wouldn't know it is not going to
replace our fantastic themes on but
somebody on Twitter criticized my theme
song yesterday and said except they said
I laugh too much and they didn't like my
theme song I thought man which is what
I'm do tight and at the same time Brett
sent that in so I thought I would just
use it ah into the clave unless we can
make it makes the clave this weekend a
little more tolerable that you don't
have to listen to that again YouTube has
been manipulating the subscription feed
to curate your choices which means that
users may not be notified of a channel
goes live even if you subscribe to our
Channel so in order to make sure you
receive notifications for our live
videos you should not only subscribe to
daily wire on YouTube but also ring the
little bell so you know when we post new
content also you want to watch out for
the conversation that's coming up
Tuesday next Tuesday July 17th at 5:30
p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific I will
answer your questions moderated by our
lovely host Alicia Kraus who has agreed
to waist to waive the restraining order
so I can sit close to her the Q&A will
stream live annoyed by these jokes I
talked to her yesterday she didn't say
anything the Q&A will stream live on
YouTube and Facebook for everyone to
watch but all these subscribers can ask
me questions over at daily wired.com
check out the pin comments on this video
for more information
once again subscribe to get your
questions answered by me Andrew Clavin
on Tuesday July 17th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific and join the
conversation
I'm a disgusting human i i'm just
degraded i don't even know how you know
we got matt walsh coming on later with
his globes i think he is being mad as
bringing
Globe's because they make him look so
intelligent but I really I there are a
lot of stuff I want to talk to him about
but especially about roe v-- wade in the
abortion controversy he's really
interesting on that topic all right so
we're watching it really is interesting
we're watching these battle lines being
drawn but they're not the battle lines
that people tell us that they are
especially the press because the press
is left-wing so they tell us oh this is
about you know it's they're being drawn
overseas they're being drawn in Congress
they're being drawn at an a Supreme
Court and and it's especially true of
this kind of amorphous deep state they
are being drawn over the battle lines
they say the battle lines are abortion
versus non abortion I say it's between
whether our laws are made in the Supreme
Court and imposed upon us or whether
they we obey the Constitution and we
each get to vote for laws in our
individual states they say the same
thing it's about gay marriage or
something but it's not about gay
marriage it's like you know we on the
right can disagree about gay marriage
what we can't disagree about is whether
the Constitution includes an enforced
right to gay marriage all the
Constitution does is enumerate the
powers that the federal government has
and what that means that any powers that
aren't mentioned in the Constitution
aren't there you know there were
founding fathers who did not want a
First Amendment because they said well
we don't mention the right to regulate
speech in the Constitution so everyone
will know that they don't have the right
fortunately wiser heads prevail so they
are you know it's so important to the
left to gin up hysteria over each new
issue every day because they want to
keep us away from the real issue which
is the structure of freedom which is set
out by the Constitution the enumerated
powers the separate the separation of
powers the rule of law all of these
things they want to override because
it's always an emergency
remember Rahm Emanuel said don't let an
emergency go to waste that's what he
meant what he meant was never let an
emergency go to waste because you can
use the hysteria that you gin up to
override the Constitution override the
rules to freedom and you know I was
talking I think it was this week earlier
this week about the fact that socialism
even if it worked which it never does it
kills the innovation that kills freedom
it kills everything but even if it
worked it would be slavery because they
take
the fruits of your labor they decide how
to spend your money why do they own your
time why does the state own your time
which you use to create property and
money but it also because it violates
freedom it degrades people and it twists
people there was a piece in The Wall
Street Journal this morning I wish
everybody could read by Erika commissar
a psychoanalyst she's the author of
being there by prioritizing motherhood
in the first three years matters which
it really does by the way I mean all
these women who have babies and then go
right back to work or I think they're
making a big mistake both for their own
lives and for the life of their children
I think they shouldn't be free to make
that mistake but there it is she points
out that Sweden has very high personal
income tax rates and one of the highest
personal income tax rates in the world
and the leftist socialists are always
pointing to Sweden as a model of
socialist society and she says the money
that they get from taxes pays for the
kind of support many American women
would welcome but it comes with pressure
on women to return to the work force on
the government's schedule not their own
because once the government is paying
the price they're in charge they get to
say what they do if a mother decides she
wants to stay at home with her child
beyond the state sanctioned maternity
leave she receives no additional
allowance which creates an extreme
financial burden on those families and
the pressure social as well a 32 year
old friend told me that she was in the
park with her two-year-old son when she
was surrounded by a group of women who
berated her for not having the boy in
daycare that's socialist life that is
socialist life they pay for your
maternity leave so therefore they decide
when your maternity leave ends and if
you decide hey I want to stay and raise
my kid not only the government but the
society itself is opposed to you know
there was a letter in the Wall Street
Journal just a couple of days ago where
a woman said when her husband got
promoted she told her son I've been
promoted to now I've been promoted to
your full-time mother because we can
afford for me to stay at home so I just
want to show you some of the ways in
which they distract us from the true
fight which is the fight to stay three
free with all its inequalities free with
all its problems free with all its mess
that and free with all the fact the fact
that we have to solve problems a little
more
than if it was imposed by the great
poobahs up above us yesterday there was
this exchange amazing exchange was on
MSNBC Katie tor is talking to JD Vance
who wrote that I thought the very good
memoir a hillbilly elegy he is a mild
moderate conservative and listen to her
question she is talking about the fact
that we want to appoint judges see I
said this yesterday but just to repeat
they want to appoint judges who will
give them what they want will say you
have to have abortion you have to have
gay marriage we don't want to appoint
justices who say you can't have abortion
you can't have gay marriage we want to
appoint justices who say this is what
the Constitution says this is who
decides because this Thomas solo is fond
of saying it's not what's right or wrong
that's who gets to decide what's right
or wrong that's what keeps you free
alright so listen to the Katy to her
asked this question then listen - JD's
answer right which is a very calm very
reasonable conservative answer and just
the fact that she can't hear a word he's
saying based on where Americans stand on
the issues and Americans have really
moved in a much more progressive
direction over the years do you think
it's appropriate to continue to take
such a strict originalist view of the
Constitution given it's it's 2018 and
not 1776 well I don't know that
Americans they become more progressive
on everything certainly if it times have
changed in 1776 but how you interpret
the Constitution is ultimately different
from what policy preferences you want
and this is a point that conservatives
make pretty often about the Supreme
Court that whether you want the laws to
move in a progressive or a conservative
direction the Supreme Court is a
separate institution with separate
mandate under our constitutional
structure so for example if you want
abortion to be outlawed or you want
abortion to not be outlawed that is a
question and there's an open debate
about whether that question should be
cited by the Supreme Court or that that
question should be decided by voters and
by state legislators and by federal
legislators that that is a question to
me that's about constitutional structure
not so much about policy preference well
arc of history has shown that that
opinions have become more progressive
yeah a word he's saying because she
doesn't want to know that that's the
fight because once you put it like that
to people once you say hey guess what
we're
not arguing about the issue we're
arguing about the framework under which
the issue is decided people get that
people are not stupid
but if you can get them ginned up if you
can get them excited if you can say your
rights are gonna be taken away if you
can say oh look at the babies being
pulled from the mommies at the border
you know then the rule of law then the
Constitution then the structure that
maintains this freedom that is so
precious and so rare it has sprung up a
few times in human history and died very
rapidly we have kept it alive for a very
long time relatively speaking a couple
hundred years which is a long time for
freedom to live it doesn't just drop out
of the sky it was built by minds and men
who died and lived and thought to build
this thing and they want to tear it down
since in order to tear it down they have
to get you excited about each new issue
I'm gonna give her a pass on the 1776 a
constitution there was no constant in
I'm glad Katie tor knows that 1776 was a
thing she can make that reference
somewhere ok there so so they they gin
up hysteria and there's always a stereo
all the time and they have this thing I
love this thing on the left where if
somebody says something forcefully no
matter how stupid it is and people
applaud that's supposed to give it
legitimacy
so like Joy Behar who had I think won
the award for saying the stupidest thing
about Brett Cavanaugh the new Supreme
Court pick here you listen to the way
she talks she is saying something so
stupid so ungrounded in fact but the
fact she says it forcefully and people
applaud is supposed to mean something a
president who's under investigation by
the FBI for obstruction of justice and
collusion be allowed to pick a Supreme
Court justice who will be there I'll be
dead there are many people in this room
who will still be alive and have neat
abortions and what-have-you need health
care
how dare he be allowed to do this well
he is under investigation
dare the president be allowed to fulfill
his constitutional right and duty when
they are creating a false narrative I
don't even know what she's saying but
how dare he as long as she says how dare
he and they applaud so then listen to
the stuff they're talking about some of
this stuff is actually kind of scary and
we're gonna talk to Matt Walsh about
this when he comes on the show later on
about its kind of this division how
powerful the division is between the
left and sane people the division
between the left and people who see
reality on see this is on CNN an ex-cia
agent is on CNN and listen to the way
she talks you put out a tweet saying the
Republic is burning and listen to her
this is the way this is a former member
of the deep state and this is the way
the people in the deep state are
thinking now what we're seeing is how
weak these institutions are when it
comes up against authoritarian measures
so the institutions themselves aren't
built for this and our democracy is
fragile enough right now I think because
of the erosion that's happened that
we're starting to see and not feel quite
as impactfully as as we should some of
the things that authoritarians have
typically done throughout the years so
for instance we have two two branches of
power executive branch in Congress who
we were hoping would not act their
self-interest that doesn't appear to be
the case at this point so we're still
relying upon the supreme court to be
able to to do that and that you know
it's gonna be determined by what happens
with when Kennedy retires but for me
it's really just about seeing how DC has
changed the evolution of DC since I've
left the CIA and what has happened with
all of these institutions and how easy
it is for Trump to denigrate them just
through a tweet and continually
attacking these institutions that to me
is usually problematic and I just feel
like we're not seeing the sense of
urgency and all of this that we need to
at this point
so her tweet says the Republic is
burning this is not hyperbole she's
talking about tweets how is it not
hyperbole how is it not hyperbole that
what is she talking about the democratic
institutions she says are not strong
enough to withstand that and Kirsten
powers who was a smart woman she's an
intelligent woman she picks this up she
picks this kissteria up because the
issues are more important to them than
the structure that preserves the freedom
under which we decide these issues
listen I'm shocked that Kirsten powers
on this listen to her this is what
happens in every country before the fall
where some people say people are being
alarmist everybody's overreacting when
things are starting to crumble people's
literally say our institutions are too
strong they can you know stand up
against this and the fact of the matter
is the first institution that goes is
the media and that's the first
institution that that Donald Trump is
trying to tear apart and talks about the
media being the enemy of the people
which is authoritarian speak and has
Republicans now parroting this you know
constantly about fake news and how you
can't trust anybody the media that's
just this literally like out of ladder
put in this playbook I mean this is you
know when Scott was saying well this
isn't you know we don't want what
Vladimir Putin wants well we who Donald
Trump seems to very much want what
Vladimir Putin wants he's act exactly
like Vladimir Putin the whole government
by spectacle that's something that you
know that Putin did where you just
create every everything is a spectacle
to the point that nobody can trust
anything anymore and so they just tune
out first of all this this is amazing
she feels that creeping criticized I
mean what does Trump done when has he
silenced her how is how is her you know
if she were living in a dangerous she
would be in danger she would be you know
they were trying to be trying to shut
her down all Trump has done is fought
back against the constant constant bias
of stations like CNN and suddenly that's
the hysteria that's where our government
is gonna fall and when they're shutting
this thing with Russia is starting to
make me a little crazy because she says
she says he wants exactly what Russia
he's over in Brussels telling Germany to
ditch this 11 billion dollar pipeline
without that pipeline without his oil
Vladimir Putin is sitting on a corner on
52nd Street with a tin cup I mean what
that what are they talking about Donald
Trump is you know you know it's funny
the
to me if you want to find a threat
against the Republic how about the fact
that Lisa Paige the FBI lawyer or as
Trump called her in a tweet the layer he
left out the W because she was I don't
know if he did this on purpose uh you
know because she was messing around with
Peter struck she refused to show up for
a subpoena she just didn't before that
uh yeah I'm I'm in a deep state man my
outranking I don't have to show up you
know struck his out on Capitol Hill now
testifying and he was saying oh I would
never just because I said we've got to
stop Trump just because I said we had a
back-up plan just because I said you
know don't worry I'm gonna stop this I
won't let this happen
that doesn't you know I am trained I am
a trained FBI agent trust me you know
this is it this is the guy by the way
who also Vout you know he's he's sworn
to talk tell the truth but he also vowed
he would be faithful to his wife so I
don't trust them at all if you want to
find a threat I mean that's that the
kind of threat that worries me you I
don't I would don't hear these people
naming one thing not one thing the Trump
is done but it except tweet but it's all
about this and this is scary about
Russia Trump Trump is in Brussels and he
makes this speech he gets up and he
talks about whether Putin is his enemy
this is cut number two he's been very
nice to me the times I've met him I've
been nice to him he's a competitor you
know somebody was saying is he an enemy
is that my enemy is he a friend no I
don't know him well enough but the
couple of times that I've gotten to meet
him we got along very well you saw that
I hope we get along well I think we get
along well but ultimately he's a
competitor he's representing Russia I'm
representing the United States so in a
sense we're competitors not a question
of friend or enemy he's not my enemy and
hopefully someday maybe he'll be a
friend it could happen but I just don't
know him very well I've met him a couple
of times and when I did meet him most of
you people were there Trump's not an
ideological guy I don't necessarily
agree with what he says I fit me
I think Bouton's and but I get it this
is the way he operates he operates on a
person-to-person basis now listen to the
left Jonathan Chait I think I talked
about this yesterday I did about his
conspiracy there some that cover of New
York magazine
they've got a cover where they transpose
the letters so Trump's name and Putin's
name are kind of blended together he
puts forward this idea and he himself
says it's an extreme possibility but of
course anybody can say this stuff right
he's got no proof of it that Trump went
to Russia and since then he has been a
Russian agent trying to destroy us all
by selling NATO down the river listen to
this guy talk for a minute everyone
always says well this has been Trump's
view forever all this stuff he's saying
what the Western Allies splitting us
apart from the West and in how he's I
was sort of pissing on them all the time
and saying you know we should let them
go their own way that's just what he's
always thought it's not really what he's
always thought it's what he's thought
since 1987 he never thought that before
then at least he never said it before
then in 1987 is when he he went to
Moscow and he's feted by the Russians
and mentors Moscow and then he comes
back then he starts talking about
running for president for the first time
and then he starts talking for the first
time about how our allies are a bunch of
freeloaders and we should kick him to
the curb yeah we should say that he is I
mean I just want to be clear here he is
really consistent on that point right
that the idea that this sort of zero-sum
view that our allies are free riding and
we're paying for it he takes out
full-page ads at $100,000 he sounds
identical to how he does now right the
idea that like we're getting abused
we're getting taken for granted and
we're paying for other people's defense
we're paying for the people's offense
who were defending against the Russians
right particularly yes so it really
dovetails with Russian foreign policy
interests then and now now again that's
probably a coincidence but it might it
might not be I mean I think you know you
have to take seriously that possibility
that it's not a coincidence it's amazing
- that's amazing what he just said I
mean Trump is over there like I just
said and like he just said he just said
that Trump is over there telling them
that they shouldn't be buying Russian
oil while asking us to defend them
against Russia and he says well that's
Russian policy any Russian policy Russia
wants to sell the oil that's all they've
got that's all they've got is a-- is the
oil in this guy so it's one thing for
this clown jonathan shade to make this
stuff up because i love the stuff
I love the stuff we have no proof but it
could be you know it's like I have no
proof the guy is from outer space but it
could be oh yeah I have no proof the
guy's not a Venusian but he could be you
know it could be I noticed that I
noticed
Venus was in the sky and then shape was
on TV and I'm just saying just saying
you know insane but it's one thing for
this guy to do it it's another thing for
Adam Schiff this McCarthyite congressman
who has been just you know sent sending
innuendo Russian innuendo after Trump
again and again and again he's on with
what's this guy's name Lawrence will
come O'Donnell Lawrence O'Donnell on
MSNBC and listen to SH if he's talking
about Trump is gonna meet with Putin at
on the 16th I believe it is in Helsinki
but he might meet with him alone and we
can't trust him to do that listen to
this we're told there will be a
one-on-one meeting where it will simply
be Putin Trump and the translators do
you have concerns about that I certainly
do and I think there's clearly a reason
why the president wants to meet alone
with Putin and that is he wants to be
able to leave that meeting and be able
to make any claim no matter how at odds
with the facts about what took place
knowing that Putin will not challenge
him on it knowing that he could
represent whatever's in his interests
even though he isn't going to be willing
to confront Putin on our elections he's
not going to be willing to confront
Putin on Russia's invasion of its
neighbor or the support of a war
criminal in Syria but Trump can claim
whatever he wants
that is certainly dangerous I think to
our interests we don't know what
representations he will make to Putin
what understanding they may arrive at
that they keep secret but it is very
much in Russia's interest something
about that bland little smile on his
face I've just went incredibly sinister
that he's sitting there telling us we
can't trust the president the United
States to sit down in a room alone with
Vladimir Putin because what is what's he
gonna you know that's where they passed
the radioactive secret I don't know what
the hell he's talking about but I mean
that this guy's a congressman that's it
and a powerful congressman it is amazing
it is amazing to me that he is sitting
there on television saying but this is
it it's silence you know shut people up
emotionalism conspiracy panic anything
they can do to distract you from the
fact that we're in a battle we are in a
conflict but the conflict is not what
they say it is it is not between you
know what the left wants and what the
right one
it's between what the left wants and our
system of government that has lasted
over 200 years for a change that has
kept us free that's what we're trying to
preserve I'm willing to lose and win in
the free in the under a system of
freedom I'm willing to lose even things
that I even know in issues that I hold
incredibly dear even on issues that are
incredibly important to me I'm willing
to lose if I am free to speak to fight
to vote when he got 5 guys in at the
Supreme Court justice cream that this is
how I'm gonna live not so much and by
the wet well we'll talk about this more
with Matt Walsh I am actually a really
interesting fan of Matt's because I
don't always agree with them in fact
sometimes I am very powerfully disagree
with them but I always always admire him
he's known through his writing podcasts
and speeches as a fierce and articulate
defender of truth moral values religious
liberty and the Christian faith you can
find him here on The Daily wire and his
podcast is also on Daily wires YouTube
channel Facebook page and iTunes and
follow him on twitter at matt walsh blog
matt wal sh blog Matt how you doing good
thanks for having me on
awesome pleasure I'm really glad to talk
to you and congratulations on your globe
it makes you look very intelligent
thank you fact I forgot I yes you look
more intelligent even as you even just
lifting that up major look much more
done so thank you so I have to tell you
I
I read your stuff all the time and I
find you your point of view incredibly
bracing because I'm a much more lacks in
my devotion to some Christian doctrine
than you are and I have to hold myself
up to your opinions and seeds sometimes
if I agree with you
but let us start with something we agree
with which is a abortion and with with
Kavanagh the left is going through its
usual panic we're gonna lose roe v--
wade we're gonna lose everything and
this Tommy Tommy Lehren is that how we
pronounce her name
Tommy Lehren had this do we ever cut of
her can we play it let's just play what
Tommy Lawrence said about the Supreme
Court in roe v wade my problem is with
some of my fellow conservatives who have
put it out there that we are quote
coming for roe v wade that is a mistake
because we are putting it
out there and implying that we are
sending a justice a justice to the bench
to carry out religious judicial activism
which is a mistake and is
unconstitutional and if we as
conservatives are going to imply that if
that's going to be our messaging we
might as well spit on the Constitution
that is not what we stand for if we are
not going to uphold the Constitution on
its merit who will that is up to us to
do so that my real problem here
regardless of my views on abortion
pro-life pro-choice is the messaging of
our Supreme Court justice and how he
will handle roe v wade if it comes to
that point okay I don't want to coax you
into a battle of wits with an unarmed
woman but I what tell me tell me what's
wrong with that point of view what's
wrong with it I mean do you have what
she just said is that is Nancy Pelosi
level leftist garbage I mean it's when I
said Nancy Pelosi level I mean in how in
how progressive and extreme it is and
also how lazy and frankly stupid that
talking point is it's spitting on the
Constitution to to overturn roe v wade
now we also I don't know if Tommy
understands this but we have to be able
to in some way separate the discussion
of roe v wade from the discussion of
abortion itself because the legal
argument against roe v wade is that it
was a terrible legal decision where they
found in the constitution a right which
is clearly not enumerated so you know
they're the the justices in row v Wade
as you know said that the right to
abortion can be found primarily in the
Fourteenth Amendment which by the way
protects us from having our being
deprived of life without due process it
also protects us it says that we get
equal justice under the law so they
found in that the the codification of
our right to kill human beings I mean
it's badness so if people were being
honest and rational about it you'd have
it you'd have a bunch of pro-abortion
people who said you know what I believe
abortion is okay
but of course we have to overturn roe v
wade because there's nothing in the
Constitution about it so to overturn roe
v wade Tommy is to undo a previous
example and maybe one of the most
heinous examples of judicial activism
that is not itself judicial activism
that is just writing the that's all
that is and and about abortion itself
let's move it out of their legal realm
for a minute and about abortion itself
in this country I think that roe v wade
is what has caused this division in our
country is there some way that that
Davitt you you wrote recently i think
that you didn't feel that this division
could be healed and abortion is one of
the reasons is that do I have that right
yeah I think that I mean abortion is a
one is I think the central foundational
issue I would agree with you in our
country because it gets right and this
is one of the reasons why I don't think
as conservatives we can say oh you know
we have a big tent and even if you're in
favor of killing babies we can still
have you in the tent because it's it's a
foundational issue it gets down to like
what do you believe what are your core
values and principles and so me as a
conservative I consider my core value is
among them is the sanctity the
sacredness of human life the worthiness
of human life and also the objective
nature of morality that there is a
natural moral law upon which our legal
system is based so it's where you fall
on that is kind of gonna it is going to
determine where you fall on abortion and
then and then from there it's gonna
determine where you fall on pretty much
every other issue and that is just a
there's a great chasm there I think then
separating the two sides or the various
different sides that are themselves
splintering into smaller sides but
there's this great chasm that I don't
think can be bridged it would require
one side or the other to just give up
and say never mind we were wrong about
this and I don't think that's gonna
happen so all I see is the division
growing deeper and deeper you know one
of the things I truly admire about you
is the the integrity with which you hold
to your Catholic faith which is going to
keep you from spending eternity with
Michael Knowles among other things and
what do you say to people who say gee
all you all you're trying to do here is
impose Catholic Sharia on our free
secular American government what's your
argument to that well the first thing I
say is stop being an idiot
because
not really an argument I guess but this
how I open the argument probably not a
good strategy no that's that's I what
I'm trying to impose is the same
foundational doctrine and it is a
doctrine that our founding fathers
imposed I mean let's remember that the
United States is supposed to be
different from pretty much every other
country that's ever existed in the
history of the world in that it was
founded on a creed on a on a on a
doctrinal creed and that is that human
rights are innate are endowed by a
creator they are these objective real
things that are inherent to our to our
nature and they can't be removed or
taken away by by any force at all so I'm
just trying to bring us back to that
which is so my point is to be pro-life
it does not require you to be Christian
certainly doesn't require you to be
Catholic that's not a Christian or
Catholic position but it is in some ways
it's a scientific position it's a
position of will these are human beings
that's a biological fact but it's also
kind of a spiritual position in that I'm
saying
human beings have Worth and value and I
admit that that is a spiritual
conviction but it is the same spiritual
conviction upon which America itself is
founded now that's that's an excellent
argument all right so let's let's move
on to something where I always disagree
with you when I whenever I read your
pieces about the arts the arts are all
in all to me I mean they're the two
things I love in life are walking in the
forest and enjoying the arts and those
are the those are places where I feel
like I am actually in the presence of
God you you have written things for
instance like you feel that it's
actually wrong for a Christian to enjoy
Game of Thrones one of my favorite shows
ever now and by the way I should just
say you didn't write this in a sense
aureus or hectoring way you were putting
forward a very quiet argument very calm
argument but isn't there something about
the arts that is supposed to be is
supposed to show us all of life as art
supposed to be limited to only the nice
and only the good and the beautiful no I
don't think it I don't think it should
be limited I think but but there is
there's a in my mind there's a point to
art which is which is which goes beyond
merely
showing you something I don't think art
is merely to put
in front of us for us to view or gawk at
I do think that all art is supposed to
lift us up to some greater truths and to
beauty which is not to say that all art
must itself be pleasant to look upon but
it should bring us closer to some truth
that that's my that's my fundamental
belief about art and my problem is that
so much of and I agree that television
shows movies all that can be art but
much of it the vast majority of it in my
view is not designed with that purpose
in mind and it does not have that effect
instead it brings you down into the muck
into the dirt it's designed so you could
gawk at whatever nudity and and
grotesque violence or whatever else and
I think also a lot of our art these days
is also just kind of it brings you down
into kind of misery and despair and it
just leaves you there it just says all
right well see you later and leaves you
there in the despair and I don't I don't
it's just it seems pointless to me
what's the point of that and and by the
way I say that as someone I've watched
plenty of shows that have and movies and
so on that have no effect besides that
because there is this weird draw to it
as well that I recognize but I think we
need to resist it
and I also end with Game of Thrones I
think Game of Thrones is an example I've
used as an example I think it's a good
example of that I haven't I haven't
watched the show much myself because of
this conviction I have about it so it's
possible that I'm wrong about that
particular show it's it is interesting I
mean my argument with this is that I
actually enjoy
sometimes a neela stick work of art
because I know Neil ISM is part of the
creation in other words I'd know that
people Neenee lists is part is a point
of view that exists in this world in
God's world and I it's not a point of
view I share as a point of view I
powerfully oppose but I like to
experience it to know my fellow man I
guess I guess that's my argument and you
know with Game of Thrones is funny
because part of it is so exploitive and
and debased that it gets in the way of
some of the things that are brilliant
about it so I see I see that point yeah
here's the last thing I want to ask you
about this this will really get you I've
been having a problem
piss Kop alien which is Catholic light
and I'm Episcopalian for a very specific
reason but recently they've gotten so
far left and crazy that I've talked
about the fact that I really think I may
have to leave the church and a lot of
people wrote to me saying I should
become a Catholic a lot of people wrote
to me saying I should become a Mormon as
well those were the two I got most from
my my problem with Catholicism I'm going
to put it in front of you and see what
your response to this is I feel that in
the last analysis my prayerful reading
of Scripture along with being informed
by great theology I'm a big Pope
Benedict the 16th fan so I read his
theology and I compare what I'm thinking
but ultimately my conscience has to rule
over the authority of the church why is
that wrong I think that we you know you
do have to follow your conscience in the
end and that if you're you know the
distinction here is that there are
things that are objectively wrong I
guess you would agree right that there
are things that are objectively wrong
and objectively right and you could do
now theoretically if you really feel
your conscience is calling you to do a
certain thing and it turns out that that
thing is objectively wrong in the end my
belief and also the Catholic belief you
like is that you did an objectively
wrong thing but your moral guilt would
be severely mitigated in the eyes of God
because you really thought that you were
following your conscience so that's I
guess that's kind of the interplay
between the authority of not just the
church but Scripture and your own
conscience because when you talk about
we got to follow your conscience well
there's also you know you notify your
conscience as opposed to the church well
then there's also Scripture as well so
you know what if scripture tells you do
XYZ but you really feel your conscience
taking you another direction so you're
gonna run into that even without the
church you're still you could still
theoretically run into that run into
that into that confusion so we go ahead
sorry well there is that something that
if that happened to you if you said you
know I've really prayed on this I've
thought about it I've read scripture
Evelyn and I disagree with the church on
this important issue what would you do
then I would recognize I mean ideally
you know if I'm doing the right thing I
would recognize that my own
understanding is flawed I'm
a limited person I have and I have my
own biases my own temptations and I
would recognize that it's flawed and I
have to conform myself with this higher
truth the same as if I read something in
Scripture if I read Jesus said a lot of
very challenging things and I might read
some of those things and say wow I don't
know if I can do that I just doesn't
make total sense to me but I also
realize that I have to humble myself to
this Authority and follow it even if it
doesn't make sense to me and that I
would submit in the end is what faith is
all about it's about you know walking
forward to the to the light even when
you don't quite understand everything
around you and that's that's that's what
it means to be Christian I think Matt
Walsh the host of the Matt Walsh show
here on The Daily wire is great to talk
to you I love listening to you love
reading your stuff and I hope you come
back we'll talk again yeah I enjoyed it
thanks a lot thanks a lot Matt really
good I just you can just get Matt right
here right need ya daily why do I see
you're not even subscribing if you're
not subscribing what are you doing look
at your wallet look at that 10 bucks
what are you doing with that 10 bucks
nothing nothing give it to us and we'll
give you everything will give you
entertainment endlessly all right it's
time Chris stuff I like
it's time for Clavin on the mic with
stuff hey I love that that was great
judges just whited like this excellent
excellent
all right some point we're gonna have to
pick one of these right I guess so yeah
one day right
Babylon Berlin really liked it watch the
whole thing it is a German television
show based on a novel by Volker creature
which I will definitely read is based on
a series of novels it is it takes place
in Y Mar Berlin so we know that these
people are doomed right we know that the
Nazis are on the way but the Nazis are
mentioned once I think in the sixth
episode because they're really dealing
with the Communists so far and it is you
know the world of cabaret I was talking
about last week I think with stuff I
like you know first of all let me tell
you what's great the atmosphere is great
it has this song I love the song there's
the theme so let's play the theme song
it's it's this kind of German like
despairing existential angst Rudin's
music to which all the flappers are
dancing happily here's here's a little
cut of that
don't know
ahsha's to strobe it means to ashes and
to dust that as everybody's dancing
happily but they're going to address
this thing that the song got caught in
my head so I kept singing it but I don't
know any German so I was making up
double-talk and I was just going on I
found and shined in Sinai God anyway the
the - the atmosphere is great the two
leads
volker Brooke and leave Lisa phrase are
so good they're so charming and they're
so watchable and charismatic the two of
them
Brooke plays this police detective Gary
on earth who is sent from cologne which
is a kind of provincial little town to
Berlin in pursuit of a political are
really on a political mission and he
gets wrapped up in homicide in this
great big case about stolen communist
gold and leave Lisa Freese plays this
kind of and she's actually a prostitute
she's a flapper she's sinking into a
prostitution but she starts to pretend
that she's a cop basically and she
starts to worm her way into the police
force they meet heute in one of the
great meet-cute scenes I've ever seen
where the two of them she is filing
homicide pictures and he's in Vice so
he's got all these photographs of
terrible you know just S&M disgusting
sexual stuff and they bump into each
other and their pictures their
photographs fall together and they have
to sort out the corpses from the guys
dressed up in iron leather masks you
know and he but they finished third in
them out he turns to her and he says I
hope you're in homicide and she says I
hope your advice really good stuff the
plot the plotting is is the big problem
the plot makes sense this is very big to
me I don't like plots that don't make
sense but it only makes sense once you
accept that it's outlandish alright so
in other words it you know it Rob and I
are sitting here we suddenly realized
we're long-lost brothers you know if
that makes sense but it's outlandish and
that's the kind of plot that plotting
that this has other than that it is very
very gripping it gets better and better
the last episode is just as much fun as
its you know once you relax and you say
okay it's a little outlandish but I'm
gonna have fun with it it is as much fun
as it is possible to have and like I
said these two leads are just
revelations I don't think that they'll
never come to America because they
maybe they will maybe they'll just get
the accident right but I just think
there are just delightful the two of
them lots of sex lots of nudity so be
warned about that but just to really
really entertaining show oh and one
other thing should be one about a little
soft on the commies you know because
they're they get the stall in this
commies they know they're the bad guys
but the trotskyist commies are kind of
the good guys a little bit man and
that's much
alright the cleverness weekend is upon
us I am sad to say I must leave you for
a few days but try to stay alive hide
under the bed that's all you do spend
your weekends hiding under the bed
if you survive we will be back here
again on Monday I'm Andrew Clavin this
is the Andrew Clavin show and here is
the Kingston Trio with a lovely song
longtime blues
waiting for
a long time
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena
hair and makeup is by Joshua alvera the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
