you could tell everything you need to
know about a society by how it treats
its children and so what do you learn
about ours
the most innocent the most pure the most
beautiful of all people are the precise
ones that we have targeted now you'd
think that if we decided to wage this
war on human life it would make sense to
start somewhere else along the chain you
know start by wiping out the adults
first people like you and I because
adults can be cruel selfish old ugly
mean many of them have already wasted
their potential their beauty and purity
has rotted away after years spent
abusing themselves and those around them
it would be wrong of course to start
aborting adults I'm not advocating for
that but at least we have in ugliness to
us that you could use as some sort of
flimsy justification but children they
have harmed no one they are filled with
joy and potential and love and if we
cannot see the value and worth of a
child then who can we see it in I
remained forever and always astounded by
the dull and empty sorts of people who
would look at an unborn child and see
only a clump of cells clump of cells now
we are all clumps of cells and if you go
to Walmart sometime you're gonna see
people who are FARC lumpier than your
average unborn infant but you no offense
the why I love Walmart by the way but
can you really not see the miracle in
this life can you really not see the
beauty in it are you telling me you
can't see that and then what makes it
really terrible is that with abortion we
not only reject our children but we
reject ourselves we have to remember
that the whole miracle of conception
that moment when a new life comes into
being the whole miracle of it is that
when you think about it there isn't just
one
life being created but three you have
the child this precious vulnerable life
plucked out of eternity by God and sent
here to start his journey in the womb of
his mother and then you have the woman
who goes from being just a woman to
being a mother she herself is created in
this moment she becomes something she
transforms she is born alongside her
child and the same is true for the man
he goes from being just a man to a
father
