it is just an inconvenient fact that
slavery is endorsed in the Bible its
clique explicitly endorsed in the Old
Testament and it's it's certainly not
repudiated in the new right and you know
Jesus told slaves to serve their masters
and serve their Christian masters
especially well so there's no place in
the Bible where you can get a compelling
case against slavery because the creator
of the universe clearly expected slavery
to be a humanism except for
abolitionists finding enough inspiration
in the bodies they did but they just
they did that despite what's in the
Bible well I think I think that that is
I mean I I don't want to this shouldn't
sound insulting because it's not
medicine insult I think that from a
religious point of view that's and it's
that's that's a simplistic reading of
the Bible's role in human affairs
meaning that when any written document
is given to any group of people it has
to be given to people in a way that they
can understand it's not that slavery was
endorsed by the Bible it's the slavery
is Universal among human civilization
and so modern time but it was no no that
there were certainly there are religions
that have different points of view on
all these questions right so it was
possible in the fifth century BC to have
a take on ethics with respect to
something like slavery or the killing of
you know combatants or non-combatants
that was quite a bit more modern and
ethical and and and civilized than was
found that is found in the Bible so it
means you take take I mean they you
might not like some of their other
commitments but take something like
Jainism right may Jainism a Gandhi got
his non-violence from Jainism Jainism is
just in truth a religion of peace unlike
Islam which is is you know the word
peace is a euphemism for the word
surrender their or submission so it's
you know it's possible for people 2500
years ago to to wake up one day and even
write a book which suggests don't harm
anyone or anything even even a cricket
right well that's I mean that's fine but
the question is how many conference does
Jainism have meaning that the point of
if you're going to give a book over if
let's say that let's pretend that you
thought that God exists it and that you
that you are he and it was and it was
your job to convey to a group of human
beings what you think morality should be
understanding that they're going to take
that and develop that because we do have
this gift of human reason that we use to
develop things and so there's a root
text and then it is developed over
