pro-abortion women are calling for a sex
strike to protect their right to have
the abortion they won't need if they go
on a sex strike the women are protesting
the selection of a Supreme Court justice
that hasn't actually happened yet and
the decision to overturn roe v wade
which the justice who hasn't been
appointed hasn't made roe v wade you'll
remember is the famous 1973 decision in
which seven justices said quote the
right to kill your children is protected
by the penumbra of the emanations of the
i'll forget it we just want you to kill
children so go to it unquote the
justices went on to say that the
constitution only allowed you to kill
your children while they were in the
womb since once they come out of the
womb they might be able to alert the
police now with President Trump picking
a new justice leftists and other loons
are afraid this decision will be
overturned and replaced with something
actually constitutional so today as a
service to pro-abortion women I'd like
to offer the Andrew Clavin shows
solution to these leftist fears from now
on women who support roe v-- wade should
absolutely refuse to have sex with any
man who hasn't stood up in public and
pledged before an actual religious
figure to love and honor that
pro-abortion woman for the rest of her
life
these pro-abortion women should further
insist that before any man can have sex
with him he must allow her to use his
last name as a sign that they are united
for life and he should even agree to
help raise and support any child that
arises from their sexual Union this
brilliant protest strategy will render
any Supreme Court decisions on roe v
wade absolutely irrelevant since from
now on whatever child these pro-abortion
women conceived will be well taken care
of and therefore likely to actually
increased the joy and meaning of their
lives I don't know why no one's thought
of this before don't say I never did
anything for you pro-abortion women
you're welcome
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Klavan show
so we need also sing see Topsy Noel
participate easing its
I know that was a great idea nobody
gives me credit for this stuff you know
I I'm the guy who came up with the one
state solution for Israel or Israel just
took over the Middle East this is my new
solution for pro-abortion women ah all
right so from the joy of July 4th to the
despair of the clava last weekend in a
single day however before that we have
the show to do so we still that we're
still on the brink of the claim this
weekend and Brad thore will be with us
one of the great modern thriller writers
and we will talk to him about politics
it should be pretty interesting because
he does not like the President of the
United States very much so it's it's
worth hearing he's a great game Brad is
a great guy but we disagree on this
somewhat you know it's it's interesting
also we should be talking about my shirt
everyone is talking about my shirt why
because it looks great and it's
incredibly comfortable because it comes
from Peter Millar Peter Millar started
out making sports clothes you know
clothes for golfers and things like that
but now they have branched out and you
can get anything this is the second day
in a row I have worn one of their shirts
I've worked at my July 4th barbecue
because they are incredible I become a
because they're built for sportsmen
they're incredibly airy and flexible you
know you really feel I'm wearing one now
I think this is called a performance
polo I think that's the name of it but
anyway it's just really comfortable
flexible and very airy and what I really
love like about them is they offer
they're comfortable but they really are
stylish you can wear them anywhere you
could wear them in a business meeting
you can wear them when you're relaxing
anytime you want this that I'm wearing
is the most comfortable shirt it is one
of the most comfortable shoes I've ever
worn truly and I can say that about
everything I've worn from Peter Millar
and you can head over to Peter Miller
comm slash Clavin and check out some of
my Peter Millar favorites and find a few
of your own be sure to use my link and
you'll receive complimentary shipping
and a free hat that's Peter Millar mi ll
a our dot-com slash Clavin Peter Millar
comm slash Clavin you will look good and
they are comfortable they are alright so
for a long time I've been calling on
conservatives to pay more attention to
culture and the arts and all this
because I believe the arts capture with
James Joyce called the uncreated
conscience of a civilization we tell
stories because they contain more than
we
stand more than we know and some things
that can't even be put into words and
for too long leftists have let the
culture slide they basically I mean
right is right wingers have left the
culture slide they've left left this
distort the image of our conscience in
the arts see the problem is and the
reason I there's a point to what I'm
saying that it has to do with July 4th
and what I'm my subject the problem is
art cannot be redeemed by politics right
it has to be redeemed by artist has to
be redeemed by crazy people like me it
can't be people saying oh art has to say
this it has to say that it has to be
artists who love Liberty who make great
art that's the way it works the arts as
I have written somewhere else the arts
cannot be saved except by those who love
them and that is the point I want to get
to because I feel the same way about the
country and on July 4th from some of the
things I heard from the left I thought
it was perfectly reasonable to ask do
the Democrats the second major party in
this country do they love this country
and I think we have reason to ask and
I'll tell you why I mean look when I
when you're an artist when you write
stuff you get rejected a lot that is
part of the the life you live right and
I have always my policy has always been
if somebody rejects something I don't
want to hear why they rejected it I
don't care why they rejected it because
if you don't love my work you can't
criticize my work because you're not
trying to make it what it is people
reject things because the work doesn't
satisfy them in some way don't tell me
about it because you don't love the work
if you buy the work and then say you
know what this can be better and you can
do it better here or if you love it and
you just say but I've got some criticism
then I listen because then I know you're
trying to help me achieve the thing the
work is trying to achieve and I feel the
same way about this country that is why
I really distrust listen to the
difference as it play Barack Obama right
after his election now compare that to
Martin Luther King I have a dream that
one day
this nation will rise up live out the
true meaning of its cream we hold these
truths to be self-evident that all men
are created to listen to the difference
between what those two men are saying I
mean think of us thinking that you just
married one of these guys right you
married one of these guys then you wake
up after your wedding night and he says
to you you know I'm going to
fundamentally transform you I'm going to
fundamentally transform everything you
are then you know you've made a
tremendous mistake right because this
guy doesn't love you he loves his idea
of you what he really loves is himself
he loves himself and his idea of what
you should be but if you wake up the
next morning and the guy says you know
we're gonna have a wonderful marriage I
love you and I'm gonna help you become
what you said you want to be that's what
Martin Luther King was saying he said
live out the meaning of your Creed
become the full enter into the fullness
of your own idea of who you are that is
a man who loves his country and he
unlike Obama Martin Luther King had
every reason to not like his country it
was a much worse place than that for a
guy of his skin color certainly not what
it is today which is a much fairer
nation in that regard
Obama had no red bomb I never had
anything things handed to him because he
was brown I mean like that was like that
was his whole career was just being
given things because he was brown and
yet and yet he wanted to fundamentally
transform the country and and that is my
question
III think that conservatives can make
mistakes when they don't want the
country to change of course the country
should change everything that happens
changes the facts on the ground and the
country has to change to adapt to the
facts on the ground you know things
things are different attitudes change
you know technology changes things a lot
of people say oh you know birth control
ruined the country well it may have
ruined the country or not but it changed
everything when you know a woman can
take a pill and not get pregnant that
changes her life and it changes the life
of the sexual life of people if
conservatives have to learn that some
things can be adapted to and they can
adapt to do in different ways or or they
have to make different arguments than
they were making before because the
facts have changed but they want the
this was Edmund Burke basic Edmund Burke
he said you know respect your traditions
they are the wisdom of the dead and you
want to change within the traditions of
your country within the culture of your
country that's what Martin Luther King
was saying so CNN broadcast this poll
and they basically said oh the people
are not as patriotic because only 42
percent say they're proud of their
country and really what the poll said
was seventy five percent of Republicans
are very proud of their country but only
I think was 32 percent let's let's hear
CNN's report now a comment on it is once
exploding American patriotism would you
call yourself extremely proud to be an
American
only 47% of Americans say they're
extremely proud to be an American that's
the lowest level since Gallup first ask
the questions 17 years ago srimad far
very proud moderately proud I think I
could be prouder to be an American a
hundred percent patriotic I would say
I'm embarrassed to be an American right
now and you're a proud citizen I'm super
proud immigrants gave a specially
heartfelt answers for instance this
naturalized citizen from India I used to
be very proud and I would serve just
moderately proud now that makes me
heartbroken and hopeful that I shall be
extremely proud again those who admit to
a slide in their pride tend to blame a
president who has wrapped himself in the
fly I'd be extremely if Trump wasn't
president it's a shame it's disgusting
I'm gonna put you in the not at all
proud to be a French 32% of Democrats
told Gallup they were extremely proud
compared to 74 percent of Republicans
the president's patriotism never flag
now I have to say and by the way after
the saying that president's patriotism
never flat they cut to us Saturday Night
Live spoof of Donald Trump making fun of
him for being patriotic for loving the
flag I think this is a little bit unfair
to conflate patriotism with whether you
are proud of your country at this moment
so I'm giving the Democrats Democrat
voters a break here at Brit Hume the
great newsman from Fox News he used to
be the special report anchorman
absolutely great reporter great
anchorman he tweeted this post that the
the post put out a thing saying
something like a bad why do Democrats
hate America and Britain you tweeted
hate maybe too strong a word but they
sure don't love it and then he got
attacked on Twitter for saying that and
he took it down he said you know what
you're right I shouldn't have said that
that's not fair Brit Hume was right to
take the tweet down because you can
understand the Democrats having lost as
they well they should
they might not feel proud of the country
they might not feel happy the way the
country is going that doesn't mean they
don't love the country right they may
feel it's betraying its values obviously
we disagree with them but that doesn't
mean they don't love the country so this
is not a question of patriotism what to
me is so on the voters part and the
people who vote Democratic that I do not
think that that is necessarily that poll
necessarily shows that they lack
patriotism the leadership of the
Democrat Party and certain people who
are thought leaders that is a different
story Tom Perez the guy who is the head
of the DNC right the Democrat National
Committee he puts out the following
statement for July 4th and you know you
gotta remember everything is context
right July 4th is the day we are
celebrating the sacrifices that people
made to bring this country into being
what they called the suicide pact of the
declaration where they set their lives
and their honor at not in order to bring
this country into being it is right and
fitting and proper on that day to
celebrate what this country is it is a
country you know that when I was talking
about the arts and the way they the way
they expressed the uncreated conscience
every now and again as you reach a place
somebody has to write down what has been
gathered from those arts has has to
write down what that conscience is
that's what happened with for instance
the ten commandments you know that's
suddenly you say oh these are the rules
we live by that's what happened with the
Declaration on the Constitution they
said this is what Western civilization
boils down to this is what all the great
arts that we've had all the great music
all the great politicians all the great
precedent before it boils down to this
to these documents so that's the day
we're celebrating and here comes Tom
Perez on this day on Independence Day
with the Democrat comment he says nearly
two and a half centuries ago a band of
patriots gathered in Philadelphia to
declare that all men are created equal
our nation's change dramatically since
those words were first written
generations of brave Americans have
fought to expand the promise of equality
for more Americans as we celebrate our
nation's independence we recognize that
America's founding promise remains out
of reach for too many families too many
members of society are still struggling
to find a good pane
job well first of all that's not true we
are missing workers it is workers we
need because we have so many jobs why
because Donald Trump has created an
economy that is creating jobs out the
wazoo so the Tom Perez is just wrong
about that all right he says to many
members of society are still stray or
get the health care they need too many
women LGBTQ Americans people of color
and people with disabilities still face
inequality and injustice across our
society once again just on factual basis
untrue what rights are women lacking
what do women not have in this country
that makes them unequal to men we know
that this thing about the pay gap is a
complete canard we know it's not true
what rights to women not have in this
country I mean it is that is an absurd
statement and as for gay people who do
have all the rights that straight people
have doesn't mean people are gonna like
you you have no right to be liked you
have no right to be approved of you have
no right to have your actions approved
of but I will say this if the only thing
we're worried about is that some people
don't like gays man oh man what a great
country what a great country at least
you're not have to wake up and be
worried that the IRS is gonna silence
your right to speak you don't have to
worry anymore that the FBI is going to
investigate the opposition candidate
we're living in a country where you are
truly free
here he goes on everywhere we look our
most fundamental values are under attack
are they are fun too I mean really I
mean the Supreme Court just said the
government has no right oh said again
and again the government has no right to
control our speech I don't think our
fundamental values are under attack
he says thousands of children have been
separated from their parents at our
southern border again just factually
speaking in a country of 350 million
people that 2000 illegal immigrants
children have been separated I've said
this before I think they should fix that
situation but surely not a crisis not
the worst thing that's happening in the
world at our highest court workers
rights are being taken away again really
really are they a workers right you know
I would just like to know what would
happen if you joined a union and the
Union you were forced to join a union
forced to give it fees and those fees
were spent on Magga hats I would like to
know where the New York Times and Tom
Perez would be standing there then says
everywhere we look at our highest court
workers rights are being taken
voting rights are under assault Muslim
Americans are being discriminated
against I mean it just goes on and on
and I just feel like it's July 4th I
understand that the guy is out of power
he wants the D in the Democrats to be
back in power I get it it's politics but
really really on July 4th you can't say
you know but we love this country let's
celebrate this country list but you know
Stephen King a very this bit horror
writer great horror writer outspoken
hater of Donald Trump he tweeted over
the weekend you know over the holiday
it's July 4th hug this a friend of yours
who loves Trump just for one day just
try to get along and of course they just
excoriated him on Twitter but that that
is of course where we should be on July
4th at I mean July 4th is not
exclusively for right-wingers it's not
exclusively for left wingers but that
the DNC has lost the plot of patriotism
it has lost the law you know Peter
beinhart in the Atlantic this left-wing
writer he writes the left and right have
abandoned American exceptionalism
and he talks about the fact that where
whereas Obama would would at least say
he would describe the country's
historical errors to misunderstanding
and he would say the country is moving
forward toward greater equality at least
he would say that this new woman what's
her first name occasional Cortes
Anastasia Alexandra is right who this
this socialist who won the primary in
Queens New York
who is a socialist she says she depicts
American history less as an arc of
progress than as a circle in which
America repeats rather than rises above
its past Immigration and Customs
Enforcement treatment of people of color
she told the intercept continues an
American tradition quote the very first
immigration policy law passed in the
United States was the Chinese Exclusion
Act in the 1800s and so the very bedrock
of u.s. immigration policy the very
beginning of it was a policy based on
racial exclusion and listen to what Tom
Perez says about this woman I have three
kids to whom our daughters one just
graduated college one is in college and
they were both texting me about their
excitement over Alexandria because she
really she represents the future of our
party
a spirited campaign I have great respect
for Joe Crowley Joe Crowley is a good
Democrat he was one of the sponsors of
the medicare-for-all bill he's fought
the good fight
so she's the future of the party and she
does not love this country you do not
love this country if you think it has
been you know there was an article by
Lila attached Feeny I don't know in a
thing called broadly called how to
celebrate the 4th of July when America
is a constant disappointment and I
really think that this is the way a lot
on the left field America has always
been bad no matter who the president is
or was since Trump's election however
the qualities that make America
particularly bad racism sexism
homophobia the institutionalized
manifestation of each of these etc have
been emboldened forcing many people to
reckon with the ugly reality of their
beloved USA this is not America I keep
hearing but the truth of the matter is
that family separation a disregard for
black lives homophobia and every other
incarnation of white male supremacy or
exactly what America is made of now here
my point is simply this people like this
who cares what they say about America if
you hate it here first of all there's a
plane leaving every five minutes I mean
get on it man I mean why why are you
sitting around but secondly if you don't
love the place you don't get to say if
you don't love the arts if you sit
around and say I hate movies I hate but
now I don't care what you have to say
about movies I don't care how you think
they're gonna be changed by your
brilliance they're not you've got to
love the thing you want to fix you got
to love the thing you want to change
their look I think there's their changes
that are gonna come in America changes
that I think must come all kinds of
things that injustice is that I'd like
to see fixed of course but I love this
country because of what it created out
of the out of nothing out of out of
European out of 2,000 years of European
bloodshed it created an idea it caught
an idea it captured the essence of the
conscience of the West in the
declaration in the Constitution and has
been living closer and closer to that
those ideals for the last over 200 years
these people if they hate it I do not
see how they are actually going to
change anything and this you know this
brings me to something else that's been
really bothering me about the never
trumpets now there are a lot of people
who didn't vote for Donald Trump and I
thought that they made a mistake I
thought that they made a mistake in
moral reasoning that they didn't accept
the hard truth that this was a binary
choice that one of these people was
going to be president and that if it
wasn't Trump it was going to be Hillary
that was a fact was it a nice fact was
that a pretty fact no in a country where
John Adams once ran against Thomas
Jefferson it was not the most pleasant
thing to complet contemplate that Donald
Trump was running against Hillary
Clinton that did not make me sleep well
at night okay but that was the fact that
was the world we lived and you had to
make a choice I believe that people were
conservatives who did not vote for
Donald Trump made a mistake however I
made a mistake once I think it was about
1962 I think it was you know we make
mistakes there's there's that's not a
sin making a mistake is not a sin in my
religion what is a sin is when you don't
say okay you know that that didn't
really do accomplish what I wanted it to
accomplish now I'm gonna start thinking
about what went wrong and how I can go
forward there are people who are doing
this I mean you know Ben and I had a big
disagreement about this I don't think
been voted for Trump and he I don't even
always agree with his balls and strikes
attitude because I believe what really
matters is the general direction of the
country so if Donald Trump stubs his toe
one day I'm not gonna sit around saying
oh he shouldn't have stubbed his toe I
want to know is the country going in the
direction of more freedom more
constitutionality I think it is I really
think it is for all the talk about
Donald Trump and how evil he is I think
he is moving the country more in line
with its proper governance than Obama
did so I'm happy I don't have to cut
criticize him every day but I get it Ben
has taken an absolutely honest approach
to this and I just feel that a man has a
conscience he acts on his conscience he
makes mistakes and then he readjusts his
ideas of reality and that's what I feel
a lot of guys are doing ben jonah
goldberg is the same way I'm utterly for
what they are doing and I do not feel
that they should be somehow assaulted
two of my friends who I really like John
Nolte and Curt Schlichter go after non
nevertrump errs I mean in terms hoped he
was the next time I seen okay I got to
talk to him about this he sends out
these
we swear he just calls them these
horrible horrible names I don't think
men of conscience like Ben and Jonah who
you had real problems and I had real
problems with Trump right I voted for
him because I thought it was a binary
situation and I've said I was wrong even
in some of my criticisms of Trump
because he's been much better than I
thought he was you know I have no
problem with being wrong on occasion you
know that that just happens
I just think that you've got a respect
good people's conscience you know I mean
this is part of it if they you cannot
argue with me that I or Ben or or Jonah
don't love this country and aren't
trying to get something good for it I
will listen to anything they have to say
now there are other people like Bill
Kristol
over at the Weekly Standard who said he
would prefer the deep state to the Trump
State and he has just gone on and on
George will another one I mean I'm not
saying George will isn't a patriot I'm
just saying that when he listen to what
he says he now says that we should all
vote Democrat if you now vote for
Republican candidates you are voting
essentially too you can't pretend
there's pluralism you're voting to
affirm this man in his in his leadership
of the party and I believe it's
important for the future such as it
might be of the Republican Party that
they pay a terrible price for what
they're doing our people that you know
like Senator McConnell are they waiting
him out sure
Senator McConnell it says look I have a
job to do and I can exercise my article
one powers in collaboration with his
exercise of the article two powers to
change the nature of this article three
institutions in the country the federal
courts Senator McConnell rightly says
often we in the senator and the
personnel business it is our job and the
powers of advice and consent to shape
the federal government any proceeds do
that knowing that the president is not
his choice see here's the thing at this
point you know but now that we know the
Trump is not Hitler now that we know
that he's not even a Democrat which was
one of the things I was afraid of that
he was secretly going to be a Democrat
now that we know that he is committed to
a fairly
agenda and is doing a pretty good job
pushing some of that forward not just
the tax cuts but the judicial
appointments the dial the rollback of
the administrative state which i think
is so important to our freedom and even
some of the confrontational attitude
he's taking to our enemies and to some
of our friends which i think is working
out pretty well so far if you are
telling people to vote for Democrats I
think you're more in love with your own
ideas than you are with conservatism now
I this is not now we're not talking
about love of country I'm sure George
will loves this country but I think when
you are so in love with your own ideas
we have a right to say are you are you
fighting for your ideas or are you
fighting for the country are you
fighting for the best thing going
forward I think never Trump errs or
former never Trump errs have a real role
to play in the future of conservatism I
think they have to start thinking about
where they went wrong and what they can
preserve of what they thought because I
think do think that some intellectual
conservatism got too much in its own
face you know got too much like people
sitting around in bars having a
conversation and not enough about the
people who were out of work and who were
suffering and who were afraid in the
middle of the country and Trump spoke to
those people when conservatives did not
speak to them when Ted Cruz somehow
couldn't reach them and I think you know
it's very important that people who were
supporters of Ted Cruz as I was I think
it's important for us to think about
okay what can we preserve our
conservatism and still reach these
people who are on our side and who are
on America side so I just think like
this these vicious attacks against
people who didn't support Trump in the
election I think are really misguided I
think it is different to be a bill
kristol or a George Will who are so in
love with their own ideas so in love
with their own pristine morality that
they can't just say okay now we're
dealing with this reality they can't
shift to reality that's one thing but
the people who didn't vote for him in
the first place I do not think they
deserve the attacks that Nolte in Kurt
are unleashing on them I think and you
know it's important it's important that
we understand each other's conscience
the people who love this country the
people who love this country should have
a say because they know which way it
should go
and we debate it among ourselves and
we'll figure it out all right all of
that leads up to Brad Thoreau is never
Trump he had a really great conversation
Brad is a great guy and
one of the truly great practitioners of
my field he's in the he's in a sub-genre
of the crime novel which I guess is the
international thriller one of the most
surprising things about this interview
is that he told me that Daniel Silva
isn't a conservative which I really got
to me we really have to have Silva on I
really want to ask him about this thora
is a New York Times bestselling author
he wrote use of force for an agent code
of conduct many more he's been hailed as
the master of thrillers by book reporter
calm and the ultimate thriller writer by
suspense magazine his latest book is
spymaster a continuation of his Scott
Horvath series and is out now these
things if you pick them up you're not
gonna put them down so they're really
great here is Brad Thor Thor thanks for
coming on it's my pleasure good to see
you again it's good to see you too yeah
you're looking good and I love the flag
it frames you perfectly it's yeah it's
very nice buddy mind flew that for me
over Abu Ghraib before they closed it in
Iraq on the 4th of July many years ago
that's great
well let's talk about the things that
matter first namely your new book spy
master III they only sent it to me
yesterday so I haven't read this one but
I've read many of your books you are um
just among the best what can I say you
were among the best thriller writers out
there give us a quick synopsis of the
plot so synopsis of the plot is war
weary American public after being
through Iraq Afghanistan we find out
that something is up and if war is hell
what would you be willing to do to avoid
war would you be willing to break all
the rules
take your best spies your best operators
and set them loose on the enemy and let
the chips fall where they may
to avoid actually being dragged into war
and that's kind of the the the seed from
which everything Springs very very I
mean your stuff is so it's so incredibly
readable I almost sat down to read this
and I thought if I'd start I'm gonna be
up till 5 in the morning so I thank you
now you're one of I mean I think of you
as one of the great triumvirate of
conservative international thriller
writers Daniel Silva the latest not a
conservative is he not no okay I take it
back I'm back completely wrong about
Daniel Silva and I don't think I am but
I do not think Daniel Silva from what I
from what I understand is anywhere near
of being a conservative because he's so
pro-israel I mean all that guy does is
go around killing the enemies of Israel
which is everybody so he like he kills
Dutch people you know ya know I think I
think and again I don't know him
personally I know some people that know
him and I don't mean whoa he's not
conservative as an insult to him yeah is
of course it is a great compliment to be
referred to as a conservative so yeah
but no I I do not think with all due
respect and I mean that Daniel so he's a
very talented author in an incredible
gentleman from everything I've heard and
I have not met him but my understanding
is he's not a concern all right well
then I you know I'll burn his books down
for it now you're down to wait you got
you know there was Tom know Clancy was
it conservative so what what is it about
this particular genre within the genre
that attracts what we would call
politically mature and intelligent
people you know and I think it's I think
it's a a belief between that there is
good and there is evil and that you have
to make a choice between good and evil I
think you know we see a lot of this in
the gun debate right so if you talk to
friends on the left it's all about how
the gun is evil you know the person we
don't make the person take
responsibility for their actions it's
the evil black rifle or whatever whereas
on the right if you listen to Dennis
Prager or anybody else they'll talk
about it is a constant battle for each
individual to choose between good and
evil so I think the the belief that
sometimes you have to do difficult
things that involve force in the name of
good I think that's a you know Sebastian
Junger is probably one of the most
fascinating people I've ever met on the
left as far as authors are concerned
because he believes in war he doesn't
like it but he believes that it is
necessary I had a great dinner with him
in New York City once he and I had both
been on a show Chris Jansing show on
MSNBC and he and I had a fascinating
conversation about war in politics and I
don't think Chris Jansing knew that I
was conservative because I never
invited back on her show after that I
see back after that dinner and that's
okay maybe I maybe I didn't knock her
socks off in my interview but so why did
it attract Clancy wanted it attract me I
believe that America is the greatest
force for good in the history of the
world and I believe a lot of that good
has been applied via the US military I
think we've freed more people from
oppression via our military than
anything in history so I just I I think
there is a view on the left again with
my friends on the left that kind of this
Barack Obama well everybody every nation
thinks they're exceptional why is
America you know any different and I
think that predominantly is is where the
difference lies in that belief in
American exceptionalism and we should be
a force for good and freedom around the
world
not okay do you pay for this to you does
it cost you I mean you there has not
been
I mean shockingly shockingly there's not
been a movie made of any of any of your
books I don't know no I mean you're you
know between the two of us one of us has
had movies made that's you and it's not
it's not me
we became very close with the studio in
the last few months the producers were
psyched huge producers that had big
action credits and they came back to us
after setting everything up and they had
run it up to the executive floor and
they got all the executives at this if I
told you name is studio you'd know it
right away said all that Thor guy all
his books are about just killing Muslim
terrorists and it's not true I have a
lot of that in but I have a ton of books
I have an equal amount of books that
don't have anything to do with Islam and
I always try to balance the bad Muslim
guys with a good Muslim person because
that's the the ratio there's more good
Muslim people that just want to live in
peace and harmony with their Jewish and
Christian neighbors and feed their kids
and give them a better life than they
had then there are those bad guys so
Hollywood there's a lot of cowardice
particularly ol level you think they
want to dictate the culture to us and
it's fascinating because my dad recently
gave me a huge bestseller big New York
Times bestseller that he found in his
library from the night I think late 80s
early 90s about how Jewish people
created Hollywood
and when you look at the old studio
heads in how a lot of them were
immigrants to America they shaped these
Jewish movie moguls shaped the American
dream
they weren't allowed in to country clubs
so they created their own clubs they all
voted Republican and they helped give us
some of the great great iconic movies of
the of the 40's and really helped shape
that American dream so II I'm
disappointed
probably more than disappointed I'm
frustrated because I know my books would
do very very well I know I've got a huge
audience and it's just getting beyond
that bias in Hollywood and I'd love to
see president Trump turn his ire from
kneeling NFL players in Harley Davidson
to Hollywood executives I'd actually
this term and I'll work to get you
elected in 2012 all right let's let us
talk about president oh man you have no
idea so let's let us talk about our
esteemed president you're not a fan I
would say that's but no in fact before
before I came on I was just thinking
about this Harley Davidson thing where
he's threatening to put him out of
business with taxes and tariffs it is
amazing to me we complained throughout
Barack Obama's two terms that the media
never criticized him and his followers
never criticized him well now we've got
a certain group here on our side right
of Center where they refuse to criticize
President Trump no matter what he does
so how is threatening to put Harley
Davidson out of business with taxes and
tariffs any different than Obama picking
winners and losers with Solyndra where
he's offering them government back loans
it's the flip side of the same coin and
I think we ought to be free as Americans
to call out things we disagree with
which has been stunning for me the
tribalism it's almost like we've got two
camps on our side now there are the
rabidly Pro Trump people I don't know
any never Trump people that ended when
he won the the Republican primary I mean
I was a
Perrie guy Trump one down to the end I
didn't think he was gonna be a good
president I was worried about a lot of
his tendencies he was Pro assault
weapons being a long time ago his
answers to everything was big government
tried to use eminent domain to squeeze
people out of their private property in
Atlantic City there were a lot of
warning signs there that thoughtful
people should have been able to agree on
yeah that's troubling and if those
instincts get enacted in office that
could potentially be a problem so you
know we talked a little bit off air
about am i running for president am I
gonna do no I'm not because I'd have to
be a Republican to pry Miriam and I
don't want anything to do with the
Republican Party anymore because the
Republicans told me Andrew
that if we just gave him the house
things would be different than if we
just gave him the Senate then if we
could just get a Republican in office
everything would be different when I let
go with that tweet about wanting to run
for office in challenge Trump to a
debate in the primaries it was after the
1.3 trillion dollar omnibus got signed
and Republicans told me they would be
fiscally conservative I'm a libertarian
except when it comes to the money and
the regulation stuff and they haven't
done it they lied to me so you know I'm
not gonna support that anymore if they
in control of Washington can't rein in
spending and they're gonna they're gonna
leverage they're gonna mortgage my
children's future you and I don't own
this country we are stewards our job to
hand this Republic to the next
generation better than when we found it
1.3 trillion dollars in in this budget
in adding to the debt so dramatically I
don't understand it the same people that
will just bow down and say Trump is
fantastic are some of the same people
that were screaming like stuck pigs and
rightfully so about Obama's debts and
deficits as well as George Bush's but
now you know here we are and I think
it's an absolute travesty that
Republicans can't even get a balanced
budget but here we are we still have
Obamacare there is no wall there's no
infrastructure stuff going I like tax
cuts that's great but I don't like tax
cuts along with a 1.3 trillion dollar
omnibus it's just it's unsustainable
what what about the the Supreme Court
which is just this this week has turned
out a series of excellence decisions
ABB's
so in the Janus decision that just came
out today that is a public employee
union member from Illinois which I fled
to move to Nashville so I love that but
here's my thing Gorsuch great pic okay
but we're getting to the point now where
it's like being on a Navy SEAL team and
some guy went in the room first and shot
three Taliban guys and save the entire
team's life okay great guy we like this
guy we want to go out in the field with
him again but he doesn't get a pass for
the rest of his time in the SEAL Teams
he doesn't get to screw the commander's
wife without jeopardy doesn't get to
steal from the team front one good deed
one good action doesn't buy him
permission to do whatever he wants going
forward you know this idea that there
shouldn't be due process for people with
their firearm rights there's a lot of
stuff that I don't like but you know
heaven forbid you say it now we're so
divided even on our side that it's just
you know I've kind of thrown up my hands
with Twitter because it's just this big
echo chamber and it's so vitriolic it's
it's troubling to see I'm conservatives
in the past actually didn't worship
their leaders they were all even Reagan
they they HAMP they hounded him
throughout his years in office I mean he
didn't follow the conservative line and
there is a lot of that on the Trump side
I I'm amazed he's doing I think he's
doing a terrific job
I really do except I agree with you
about the spending but I think he's I'm
shocked because I hated the guy I still
don't like it but I think he's good a
good job on in certain areas yeah and
you've got yes I agree and you know I'm
all in the call balls and strikes right
so I was on Fox with Dana Perino when
Isis was just getting crushed and I'm a
great job and then he sent out a tweet
brad thor and dana perino thank you for
saying great job and I'm like that's the
fair thing to do the first strike he did
on Syria the the very targeted missile
strike was excellent so he can do good
things but you know he's playing to this
35 40 percent base of his and the job of
a leader is not just to support a small
group he represents all of us in the
United States and I really don't see any
effort to bring us together he's almost
like a wrestling a WWE guy where unless
he's demonizing and vilifying somebody
else he can't he
can't articulate himself so it's always
got to be I stand in opposition to this
the Democrats suck this that the other
thing instead of you've got an
incredible bully pulpit there and I
think he should be working harder
particularly with this vitriolic as
things are to bring the country together
doesn't mean you can't advance an agenda
but he's not really a leader you can't
run the country like you do a family
grocery store you're the top of the org
chart maybe in the Trump Organization
and you can tell people what to do tote
that barge lift that bale that's not
really leadership that is dictating as
the boss you can't fire me okay I'm a
citizen of this country I can't fire me
you can't fire my democratic neighbor we
you should be working as a leader to
move the country forward and enter you
know this there's so much more that
unites us than divides us and yet here
we are becoming further and further
divided and guess what the shoes gonna
be on the other foot there's gonna be a
Democrat in there and the Democrats are
gonna have control of both houses of
Congress and we will have nobody to
blame but ourselves because we didn't
behave better while Trump was in office
in Republicans controlled everything now
the chicken says Reverend Wright says
are gonna come home to roost
I have to ask you this you didn't you
left Chicago for Nashville Nashville is
one of my favorite cities in the world I
published with Thomas Nelson down there
for a while I just I just loved that
town are you glad you did it AB sits
four years ago this month that we did it
you asked my children why we moved and
they'll say freedom listen Illinois's
tax and broadband they had a sugar tax
if the states are laboratories of
democracy Illinois is a meth lab okay
they have even worse bond ratings than
you do in California it cost more to
borrow money in Illinois and the problem
is is that the their constant answer for
the failures of their economic policies
is we didn't go big enough we didn't
spend enough money and so when you and I
were kids we'd see these cartoons where
there are two characters marooned on a
desert island and they're starving and
one looks at the other and suddenly he
looks like a pork chop with eyes and
hands that Illinois politicians saw me
and my family as ATMs with eyes and hand
and I just didn't want to I was paying
higher and higher property taxes there
was more and more violence creeping into
our neighborhood I had to tell the
babysitter don't take the kids to the
beach don't take him to the zoo don't go
to the park and I thought you know I'm
enabling this and I would do talk radio
in Chicago and people would attack me on
Twitter you're gonna move you should
stay and fight you're not a fighter and
I'd say at what point was it okay for
Tina to leave Ike Turner
Brad thore one of the masters of the
thriller genre spymaster is the new book
thank you very much for coming on I know
a lot of people who are listening gonna
disagree with you about the about
Trump's that I know but I also know
you're a man of conscience and I think
that's the important thing everybody's
got to state their case terrific thank
you my friend great to see you brother
all right stuff I like
first of all is likes is just about
brain films - even better but to me
ensuring the last name you'll ever hear
Austin you people are out of your minds
it's like no actually lost all my faith
in my listener so I had a really
interesting experience the other night
I'm up late I'm channel surfing and I
come to the movie cabaret 1966 musical
by Bob Fosse the great musical director
great choreographer and I don't know if
you've seen cabaret it is a movie well
worth watching it is based there was a
novel called goodbye to Berlin by
Christopher Isherwood a gay guy who was
living in Berlin as the Weimar Republic
was collapsing basically and a lot of
these guys who came a lot of the artists
who came out of World War one were gay
guys which is really interesting very
anti the society they were in very at
odds of the society Wilfred Owen the
great world war one poets in Crete
Sassoon a lot of them and an Israel
wouldn't charted in this story a it's a
novel but it's a based on a true story
about this woman Sally Bowles who's a
singer at the Kit Kat club and it became
a play called I am a camera and it then
became the musical by Kander and ebb
cabaret and they made it into a terrific
movie I had a personal I've told the
story in the air before but I'll tell it
again it's a good one I had a personal
relationship to it because when I
started out as a mystery writer one of
the first people to give me a blurb was
the excellent mystery writer Sarah
Caldwell well now late sorry Sarah
Caldwell and she was so we became
friends and she was an English woman and
when I moved to England we became really
drinking buddies at times she was a
genuine eccentric she may be the single
most eccentric person I ever met she
smoked a pipe she wore these glasses
that were so thick I mean I I always
kind of assumed she was gay but she was
always fight getting these incredible
crushes on men she was not the most
attractive physically attractive person
in the world and she had a voice like a
sergeant major you could not for the
life of me I could not understand half
of what she said so she would say meet
me there and I would go I have no idea
what you just said to me but I guess
we're I guess we're going drinking
somewhere and Sarah Caldwell who was
related to Alexander Caldwell who was
the famous left-wing she herself was
very left-wing she would get so upset
when she would hear me talk politics you
say girl she had to bark off like a
flying off the back of my chair but
there it's a big lefty family Olivia
Wilde I think was Sarah's that the
actress was Sarah's great niece I
believe but her mother Sarah's mother
was the real Sally Bowles serums mother
was the woman on who on whom Sally
Bowles was based and she never saw
cabaret because her mother hated it
because she said it wasn't fair to the
people there they were just scratching
to make a living and it showed them as
being decadent when they weren't
decadent they were just trying to make a
living in a very tough economy and so it
when I lived in in London cabaret was
put on at the Donmar Warehouse a very
famous kind of offbeat theatre and Jane
Horrocks a very very talented singer
actress and Alan Cummings who has since
gone on to become you've probably seen
him in The Good Wife he's a big actor
now Alan Cummings played the emcee and
Jane Horrocks played Sally Bowles and we
took I called up Sarah and I said I'm
going do you want to go and she said yes
and it was set up like a nightclub where
you sat in the actual nightclub as in
the Kit Kat club as the play was going
on and Sarah sat through that play and
she wept the entire time she just sat
there and wept for her mother the entire
time we were there and afterwards went
up to Jane Horrocks the actress I went
up to Cummings because he gave such a
great performance I told him what a
great performance he gave and he kind of
sniffed at me wasn't that nice to me but
but she went up to Jane Horrocks and
harks was so lovely to her it was very
hard to undo it it really was under hard
to understand what Sarah was saying half
the time and and Sarah button holder and
kept her talking for 20 minutes and Jane
Horrocks could not have been nicer
there's a very beautiful moment cuz he
was talking about how she played her
mother basically how she played her
mother so the other day I'm channel
surfing and I come upon this this story
and it's a story about this incredibly
interesting Sally Bowles and this gay
guy who basically goes and stays in her
boarding house and the same boarding
house and gets to know this woman who is
coming
to being as decadent as she can possibly
be and here's the show the scene where
Michael York playing Christopher
Isherwood essentially meets Sally Bowles
politely EXO crying similar toy lines
not a nick su house have you a cigarette
darling I am desperate yes oh god how
depressing you mean to think I'm an
international woman of mystery working
on it like mad I was told there might be
a room to rent here not too expensive a
I hope divine decadence I'm Sally Bowles
Oh
anguish and cigarette oh god I've even
begun to think of German how long do you
be here forever
almost three months it's the most
marvelous boardinghouse marvelous
lodgers and she's so impressed with her
own decadence they show impressed with
the fact that she sleeps around she's so
impressed with the fact that she knows
gay people she's so in fact impressed
with the fact that she knows
transvestites and that they're living in
this club and of course we know that the
Nazis are moving in and the society is
doomed and what got me as I was channel
surfing late at night and bumped into
this movie which I've seen like three
times and I seen the play once that was
how their decadence is nothing compared
to the way we live in America today you
can't even understand you can a young
person watching this movie without
having any historical reference would
not even understand why what they were
doing was shocking the idea that women
might be virgins and might be shocked
that another woman wasn't a virgin the
idea that it was shocking that they were
gay people the idea that it was shocking
that people dressed up as the opposite
sex all of that stuff has become the
norm in America and it made me start to
think wow you know their idea of
decadence is our idea of Tuesday you
know it's our idea of an ordinary day
and you know it's interesting
because we know they're doomed and there
have been theories throughout history
that sexual decadence and more what they
would call moral decadence is the
harbinger of a society's doom they used
to say this about the Roman Empire it
was the you know the whoring and the the
craziness and the feasting in the eating
that brought down the Roman Empire now I
think we think we think very differently
about that but it is true that the two
pinnacles of the two recent pinnacles of
Western civilization the Victorian age
and the 1950s in America were both times
of great sexual restraint you know it
doesn't mean there wasn't hypocrisy it
doesn't mean people weren't doing things
on the side or in under the under the
radar but it is true that the Society of
those moments was dedicated to sexual
propriety and at moments of his sexual
decadence or sexual what what we call
looseness at those moments the society
is really shifting into something else
we had them before in the 1920s we had a
time of great sexual liberation but it
led to depression that was followed by
the depression in the world war and then
we had this Fantas fantastic times in
the 50s that were marked by sexual I
don't know what you'd call it sexual
decorum let's call it sexual of the core
and same thing was true in the Victorian
era before that in the 18th century in
the Romantic era there was a lot of
sexual radicalism going on but it's
solidified into the sexual propriety of
the Victorian age much more powerful and
and progressive in this good sense of
the word
age so I guess I was just wondering as I
was watching cabaret I was thinking gee
we are at the high there has never been
a society that accepts more sexual
behavior than this one never been a
society that has normalized
sexual behavior like this one that
actually calls you on account if you
think it's strange that a man dresses up
on a woman with as a woman calls you to
account if you think maybe being a
homosexual is not moral and we've never
lived there's never been a society like
that before and it really is interesting
to know whether sexual decorum and
greatness are correlated or caught or
causative whether the sexual decorum
causes a society to rise up or whether
sexual impropriety causes a society to
fall but guess what we're gonna find out
because there has never been a society
as sexually loose as this one cabaret is
almost incomprehensible now and it made
me sad to see it anyway it's a great
movie if you haven't watched it it is
worth watching it is worth seeing the
recreation of that era and the character
of Sally Bowles is really one of the
great creations that's it so fast so
soon the clayvin this weekend is upon us
Run For Your Lives hide for the rest of
the weekend come back when you if you
survive and I will be here on Monday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show and here is cabaret what good is
the music come to the Cabaret put down
the Knitting the book and the broom it's
time for a holiday life is a cabaret old
chum come to the Cabaret come taste the
wine come hear the band
your heart starts this way your tables
waiting what woods emitting some doom to
wipe every smile away the Andrew Clavin
show is produced by Robert Sterling
executive producer Jeremy boring senior
producer Jonathan hey our supervising
producer is Mathis Glover and our
technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Emily J audio is mixed by Mike
core Mina hair and makeup is by Joshua
alvera the Andrew Clavin show is a daily
wire for word publishing production
copyright for word publishing 2018
you
