yeah we have a question for dr. Peterson
from Carolina and she asks why did
intellectuals and academics gravitate
toward collectivist ideologies because
they don't get paid enough in the rest
there's some real truth in that like if
you look at it structurally like here's
one of the things the universities have
done so as they're devolving which
they're doing extraordinarily rapidly
they've hired more and more adjunct
professors right and so they don't have
tenure they're not on tenure track they
get paid abysmally some of them live in
their damn cars they teach for courses
they don't make enough money they have
to live in their cars they have no power
they're making like sixteen to twenty
thousand dollars a year it's like that's
not going to so that's a place where
plenty of resentment can be generated
and it's a rigged game so some of it I
think if you paid if you tripled the pay
of sociology professors a lot of this
would just partly because you know as a
general rule the professors are part of
the cognitive elite right and if you
look at what the cognitive elite makes
they make a hell of a lot more on
average out especially at the higher end
and people do in academia and some of
that so some of that's just driven by
jealousy so and another in the private
sector people want results yeah well
sometimes lucky sometimes they do I see
I differ on that a little bit cuz I
watch big corporations and like big big
corporations get just as stupid as big
government except that they die faster
right but they're no less stupid and and
I think part of it is and this is
something that could unite the right in
the left to some degree is like why
don't we agree that really big poses a
problem well this is Andrew Breitbart
the good friend of all of us here except
Michael yeah that's actually because
Andrew died too soon but I also think
that had he met his entire premise was
that big is bad hmm
that's the Tower of Babel it's like if
you build the thing - but this is where
I think the European Union it can't
sustain itself it's like there's too
many layers between the government and
the people it's too damn big it gets
unwieldy and big big is a problem not
least because prices law dictates that
incompetence increases geometrically
incompetence increases linearly as you
scale that's a big problem and so
the left goes big corporations big
corporations aren't they awful and the
right goes big government big government
isn't it awful and the commonality is
big it's like look out for big and I
think that there's some real truth in
that
