I mean this makes perfect sense because
there's this no there's no hope in
communism of material betterment or of a
political betterment there's just stasis
and that the hell that you describe and
then the the anti Christianity the anti
Christian persecution say there's there
cannot even be a spiritual hope it's
just despair and hopelessness as you
describe in the West we we're told that
people in North Korea are brainwashed to
love the Kim's and they love the Kim's
and we saw when Kim jong-il died videos
and photos from North Korean propaganda
of people crying hysterically oh are
those tears real our people really
brainwashed to love the Kim's
or to the North Korean people are they
very aware of their own misery and
desirous of regime change and freedom
mmm community needed truth in when Kim
il-sung died I believe that there were
many who actually shed tears during his
funeral until that time there were many
who believed that North Korea's
political system was the right choice
however I believe that the tears shed
when Kim jong-il died were only from a
small number of people if you do not cry
during the funeral you will be executed
in North Korea during the filming of the
funeral when there are many including
the politicians watching which I don't
have what you goes hand on one is a
thoughtful Kanye's you can lose the fact
that you are not crying is the sign that
you are not loyal enough to the great
leader and God you are then either
exiled from Pyongyang or sent to
internment camps that is why people at
least have to act like they are crying
in those situations you do you know Joe
I think that's Haram buddy in a sense
the North Koreans are required by the
regime to act against their will like a
bunch of fools in a circus freak show
that is why many North Koreans have to
shed tears during the funeral there are
not many people who actually believe
that their nation is the best nation and
through to them little people come down
Bellino well we keep their one their
little kids a new model her name and
wish you we are when I lived in North
Korea I knew that it was not the best
place to live
that is why I had to flee from North
Korea and many other people want to flee
from North Korea but they cannot because
they will be publicly executed with
Jumanji torn oh sorry Nica in a sense
the level of loyalty in the past and the
level of loyalty today
north Korea has changed and has become
an issue for the North Koreans
