today I officially give my endorsement
to Aimee Comey Barrett to fill the
vacancy on the Supreme Court only
Barrett can serve a group that has never
been represented on the High Court
before attractive women that's right for
too long
babes have been denied their rightful
place in America's halls of power while
other groups like blacks Hispanics Jews
and women who couldn't get arrested in
any self-respecting saloon have risen to
positions of prominence this is not to
say anything disparaging about the looks
of such women as Sonia Sotomayor or
Ellen elena kagan
but let's face it the term easy on the
eyes doesn't exactly leap to mind if you
know what I mean but with the
appointment of Amy komak Barrett every
babe in America will finally be able to
stand tall which should help to show off
their shapely figures and the flowing
locks around their perfect facial
features little child babes who now have
nothing to look forward to but a life of
being treated better than everyone else
because they look so amazing we'll
finally be able to dream of something
besides marrying a billionaire and
having everything they ever wanted as
babe activist Lola Vavoom told reporters
quote it's about time a babe is
appointed to the Supreme Court so she
can do whatever it is they do while
wearing a clingy yet feminine outfit
like the one currently outlining my tone
and curvaceous body unquote now there
may be some among you who say that
judging an accomplished legal expert
like Amy Comey Barrett strictly by her
looks is sexist insensitive and
demeaning toward women and all right
that's true but I feel that by
selflessly making this sacrifice of my
own personal morality and decency I may
help to bring the first-class
smoking-hot legal mind to the high bench
and also get some cheap laughs and that
my friends is why I'm here
Clavin and this is the Andrew Clavin
show
that's a terrible thing to say it's all
Rob's fault he laughs at these jokes he
encourages me to talk to Christian Toto
today the the incredibly right-wing far
and now everybody is alt right everybody
everybody who has ever believed in the
Constitution is now all tried he's an
alt right far-right fascist film critic
but he's gonna be talking about the bad
behavior in Hollywood we got no mailbag
tomorrow so you got to stick with your
problems throughout the fourth of July
cuz we're off tomorrow that's right it
is the fourth of July and we will be
celebrating our country however however
I will continue to look exactly this
good and the reason is I use the Dollar
Shave Club I have been a subscriber to
them since way beyond but before I
started working here they are just
absolutely terrific you sign up you
don't have to go to the drugstore and
open that that cabinet that sets the
alarm off and you get carried away and
arrested as four days later and you get
a stubble when you get home from the
jail you can have the Dollar Shave Club
just waiting there because they send you
a new razor every month plus they have
everything you need to get ready in the
bathroom all kinds of stuff and Dollar
Shave Club delivers everything you need
to look feel and smell your best shampoo
conditioner body wash toothpaste hair
gel even a wipe that will leave your
backside feeling tingly clean I haven't
used that but I have used just about
everything else which I just I just love
and here is a great way to try a bunch
of Dollar Shave club's products for just
five bucks you can get their daily
essentials starter set it comes with
body cleanser one wipe Charlies their
world-famous shave butter and their best
razor the six blade executive which I
use it's got a hundred and seventy two
blades on it you start shaving on Monday
by Thursday you are clean as you can
possibly be keep the blades coming for a
few more bucks a month and add in
shampoo toothpaste or anything else you
need for the bath
check it all out at dollarshaveclub.com
slash Clavin don't forget that because
they we want them to know that we sent
you that's dollarshaveclub.com slash
Clavin and I know as you're thinking
you're thinking god you look great
but how do you spell didn't know you
know now there's no ease and Clavin I
just make it look easy you know one of
the things that is really gratifying as
we come to July 4th is I really believe
that the American people are beginning
to write their own narrative they're
beginning to not let these press direct
their attention they're beginning to
learn to direct their attention to the
things that really matter no matter what
the press says yesterday we have this
wonderful July 4th special with Jordan
Peterson and both been been actual
actually brought this up though it's in
Jordan's book as well as there's a study
where they asked a number of students to
watch a soccer match and count how many
times one team the White team how many
times they pass the ball and so
everybody was focused on how many times
they passed the ball and they all got
the number right it was like 15 times or
whatever but half of them missed the
fact that a gorilla walked into the
middle of the field and a guy dressed up
as a gorilla during the game so they
they only saw what they were directed to
see they didn't see what was actually
happening the press uses that technique
all the time by by being because they
are all on one side because all the
network's the New York Times CNN they're
all on one side and they are all
dedicated to pushing the Democrat line
the left-wing line
direct your eyes to one thing and that's
what they expect you to feel about
that's what they expect that's how they
expect to set the agenda that's why the
president should be talking about
immigration right now instead of talking
about the upcoming Russia summit or the
fact that he's making progress with
North Korea or what he's trying to do in
trade no no they are directing their
cameras at crying babies at the border
so that's what you should be thinking
about that is how they set the narrative
and of course it's it's collaborative
they they point their cameras in that
direction and then the activists come
out and start making speeches and the
Democrats say oh there's our new issue
and they start making speeches and that
is supposed to be the narrative of the
country that's supposed to be where the
attention it goes in the country it's
the same techniques that technique that
is used by magicians
I love slate of hand magician that's
right because they can do amazing things
while you're looking straight at them
because all they do is just divert your
attention for a single second and in
that second they pull off the trick guys
who play three-card Monte do the same
thing I don't mind that because I know
I'm being tricked but with the media
it's very very different because it's a
scam and the fact that the American
people with Trump in the bully pulpit
with him using Twitter even though he
says things that sometimes are just
obnoxious he is able to set an agenda as
well and we are able to choose what we
do you know ABC News online not their TV
station
ABC News have a an article called a fake
news story exposes a real crisis and
this is a constant was an Evan Thomas I
can't remember who it was who said we
got the facts wrong but the narrative
was right so this is what they're
essentially saying there's Lauren Peele
she says the Trump administration last
year lost nearly 1500 migrant children
whom a government agency placed with us
sponsors shocking news but it wasn't
true now you remember if you listened to
this podcast we told you it wasn't true
we told you that these people had just
been placed with you know they've been
placed with relatives in America but
some of those relatives were here
illegally and didn't answer the phone
when people call to check on them that
was all that was going on but she says
it wasn't true the news was fake but it
was enough to outrage politicians stir
up journalists and make the public ask
questions
chasing this misleading store
however help uncover a story that many
found even more troubling and this one
was real and this is the children at the
border being separated from their
parents which again is only what they're
paying attention to because they're not
paying attention to the 400,000 foster
children who are separated from their
parents forcibly in America they're not
paying attention to our children because
they want to pay attention to foreign
children because they want the border
open they want our border security not
to be in place and it's really
interesting and then then they they back
this up with this incredible rhetoric
this incredible hysterical rhetoric and
you have to remember like I said
yesterday it's like the hit man in the
Mafia you only need a couple of people
to deliver the hysterical rhetoric and
then everybody else can say well I don't
agree with that but but and then you
think ah well they've moved the Overton
Window they've moved the window of
acceptable speech they take a listen to
Michael Moore and I know you all love
Michael Moore and you're probably
already lined up outside the theater to
get new tickets for his latest film but
but here's Michael Moore talking about
you he's talking about us he's talking
about the people who vote for Trump and
what Trump is doing and this is the
backup that the press has when they
divert your attention to some crying
babies mm crying babies I don't want the
babies crying I want them treated well
still there are a lot of crying babies
and they choose which ones they're going
to film and then they're backed up by
rhetoric like this this is the beauty
and the genius of Trump and and why you
have to step back for a second and
admire him the way Patton admired Rama
that that Trump Trump he when he says
he's gonna do something he's gonna do it
and he is relentless he is he's even
though yes he did what he did this week
with the children and the cages but he's
still gonna have the internment camps
he's never gonna get up on that give up
on this never gonna give up on the wall
they are never gonna stop and we never
act like that on any of the things that
we say we believe in they are relentless
right they are the core and we are like
yeah they are so lovely they're so
lovely they're like Judy Garland and
Wizard of Oz you know Shapiro was on
Marsh show I don't know if you saw that
and marwah was talking Shapiro it was
great on the Russian stuff Marv actually
couldn't believe that Ben didn't think
that should that Trump was colluding
with the Russians and Ben was pointing
out all the great stuff that Trump has
done in dealing with the Russians
despite his sometimes soft rhetoric but
I couldn't believe that Marv was sitting
there making the argument that the left
was more civil all the incivility was
coming from the right I mean this is
after 50 years of calling us racist of
calling men's pigs and there's Michael
Moore calling us em f's right right this
and then same wonderful and lovely they
are they're singing over the rain but I
cannot believe the self delusion and you
know if they didn't have this rhetoric
if they didn't think we were racist if
they weren't pumped up with
self-righteousness they would have to do
something else they would have to ask us
why we believe the things that we
believe why do we believe it's good to
have secure borders first of all that we
should be able to control our own
borders that we should be able to
control our population that immigration
and illegal immigration are two separate
subjects two different subjects but if
you look at what's happening in Europe
now it's really interesting you remember
I guess was 2015 all these migrants
comes flowing across the borders and
Angela Merkel who somehow has become the
leader of Europe we got I guess because
the German economy is so strong it's
like Germany tried twice to destroy
these people finally did it they finally
did an angle and Merkel says we'll
manage
that's what she says we'll manage we'll
take them all in we'll manage and she
basically gets the EU to insist that
everybody take their portion of Islamic
immigrants right people who are coming
in they're escaping they're escaping
from but they're not necessarily running
to they're not coming to Europe because
they're saying to themselves you know
what I want to be a European I want to
be a modern Christian type of guy I want
to but join Christian Judeo Society
that's not what they're saying they're
saying get me out of here because these
people are going to kill me or there's
too much poverty here or whatever it is
is chasing them over the border so
they're not coming
to get involved so they come flowing
over and flowing over and what are the
results what are the results of these
open borders in Denmark right
this is Denmark it is one of the nicest
countries on earth this is like
wonderful wonderful you know while we're
singing songs
it's like wonderful wonderful copan dog
and beautiful gem is this like one
listen to the laws they have they have a
new set of laws they're called ghetto
laws
Denmark's government is introducing this
is from the New York Times I think it
used to be a newspaper
Denmark's government is introducing a
new set of laws to regulate life in 25
low-income and heavily Muslim enclaves
saying that they call ghettos they call
them ghettos they're saying that if
families there do not willingly merge
into the country's mainstream they
should be compelled to merge for decades
integrating immigrants has posed a
thorny challenge to the Danish model
intended to serve a small homogeneous
population leaders are focusing their
eye on urban neighborhoods where
immigrants some of them placed there by
the government live in dense
concentrations with high rates of
unemployment and gang violence starting
at the age of one now you're talking
about separating children at the border
here because their children their
parents have to be deported and have to
be imprisoned and we're not allowed to
hold them in the prison with the
children right after a certain period of
time but now in in Denmark starting at
the age of one ghetto children must be
separated from their families for at
least 25 hours a week not including
naptime from mandatory instruction in
Danish values including the traditions
of Christmas and Easter and the Danish
language non compliance could result in
a stoppage of welfare payments other
Danish citizens are free to choose
whether to enroll children in preschool
up to the age of 6 in his annual New
Year's speech Prime Minister Lars Loki
Rasmussen warned that ghettos could
reach out their tentacles onto the
streets by spreading violence and that
because of ghettos quote cracks have
appeared on the map of Denmark
politicians who once used the word
integration now call frankly for
assimilation that tough approach is
embodied in the ghetto package of twenty
two proposals presented by the
government in early March most have been
agreed upon by a parliamentary majority
and more will be
to a vote in the fall I mean those that
is a real crackdown how would you like
it if they suddenly said oh you know
what in Muslim neighborhoods we're gonna
take children away and teach them about
Christmas and teach them about Easter I
mean that would be an American but at
some point at some point if you have
open borders if you don't take care of
the culture of your country if you don't
take care of the basic attitudes in your
country you're forced to these
extremities then market what is Denmark
some kind of fascist country absolutely
not that it's the opposite and yet
listen to what they're doing and when
you have normal people good people
open-hearted liberal people lining up
getting in line next to fascists you did
something wrong you put them in that
position it's not them they don't want
to be there they probably I'm sure there
are plenty of people in Denmark who feel
bad about this but they got to do what
they got to do because their border
their open border system was destructive
to their culture in Germany Angela
Merkel who has been in power way too
long and I think has done a terrible job
I'm not there but I just think she has
made a lot of mistakes
she's ears I believe this is also from
the Times Angela Merkel who staked her
legacy on welcoming hundreds of
thousands of migrants into Germany
agreed on Monday to build border camps
for asylum seekers and to tighten the
border with Austria in a political deal
to save her government she's fighting
for her political life and so she sassed
a backtrack on all this stuff and all
these things these taking tough stances
on the border now right keeps you from
having to violate your values later it's
tough love right if you teach your kids
to behave when they're little you don't
have to do terrible things and oppress
them when they're teenagers and should
be having more freedom right if you do
the job that you're supposed to do which
is being a little tough when the kid is
little and you want the kid to like you
and you don't like to see the kid cry
but sometimes you have to say no and you
have to you know be a little bit tougher
so later on the kid can control himself
you got to do the same thing with your
country you got to control the borders
have a little tough love at the borders
and force your laws so the laws mean
something because when you don't enforce
good laws then all your laws become
disrespected right so you got to do all
that stuff and then left because they
can resort immediately to this rhetoric
it's racism your
all you know em f's you're all bad guys
you're just relentless and we we are
singing somewhere over the rainbow we're
so wonderful you know because they have
that rhetoric they don't ask themselves
you know it's maybe just ask why do we
think the things we think look to Europe
look at what's happening look at the
things that happen
the amazing thing and this really is
amazing now you got to hand it to Trump
on this stuff he stands up to them and
he survives his approval ratings have
actually risen in the two weeks since
they started this it's really a month
it's a month since they started this his
approval ratings have gone up they are
much higher they keeps talking about how
how unpopular he is but he's much more
popular than Obama was at the same time
and it's to me it's delightful to watch
the media fail I mean I it's delightful
that when your media is this corrupt
when it's this ideological when it's
this one site and sidon it's delightful
to watch them fail Chuck Todd was
whining about this we got a look at this
chunked out his whining he's winning
eaves not popular but he's winning he's
winning cuz you guys stink the announced
retirement of Supreme Court Justice
Anthony Kennedy this week helped make
one political reality clear despite his
overall unpopularity President Trump is
winning and the Democrats right now are
reeling the Supreme Court mr. Trump is
about to shape the court for a
generation by choosing a possible
tiebreaking conservative justice and
he's already filled the lower courts
with like-minded conservatives how about
the Republican Party the president's
approval rating among Republicans is
around 90% elected Republicans fear
criticizing him and the party has become
a cult of personality his how about fake
news mr. Trump has turned that phrase
which initially referred to the phony
Russian generated stories designed to
support his campaign in 2016 into an
applause line now to discredit
responsible reporting showcasing his
misdeeds
how about credibility if reporters
faithfully fact-checked the president's
serial misstatements they risk being
considered biased if they don't the
misstatements gain traction either way
mr. Trump wins the Muller investigation
the president has succeeded in
convincing millions that the
investigation is biased
despite trafficking only an innuendo and
not providing evidence
so much of that was untrue you know the
fake news thing was not started to talk
about Russian stuff it was started by
left-wing activists about that pizza
gate story which may have been created
by left-wing activists so they could
start the fake news so he was started
Cheryl Atkinson has come very close to
proving but she certainly has made it
look suspicious that it was started in
order to get people left wingers like
Snopes and política kin the Southern
Poverty Law Center to get them their
claws into social media which they have
done it was a very successful trick used
by the left it wasn't and and Trump just
was clever enough to take it over and
what is he talking about when he talks
about press credibility you know they
just fired find out or at least they
parted ways I should say ABC News is
parted ways with Brian Ross and Brian
Ross has made more mistakes he recently
it was in December he claimed that
Michael Flynn was going to testify that
President Trump as a candidate ordered
him to make contact with the Russians
which was turned out to be untrue it was
President Trump as president-elect asked
him to make contact with the Russians
which was of course what presidents do
you make contact with other countries
and so Brian Ross was doing that in 2001
Ross claimed that the anthrax used in
deadly attacks after 9/11 was coated
with bentonite a chemical compound found
only in bio at logical weapons made by
Saddam Hussein in 2006 Ross claimed
Pakistani officials had arrested Matua
riemann and al-qaeda explosives expert
who kept an official list of terrorist
recruits that was untrue in 2006 Ross
relayed that then House Speaker Dennis
Hastert was under FBI investigating it
wrong forever and so have a lot of Chuck
Todd's colleagues and they never pay the
price the fact that he's you know I mean
who is that guy Brian Anderson who's now
on MSNBC that guy was just making stuff
up how is he still got a job how is he
still got it I was one thing to make
mistakes it's one thing to you know it's
another thing to lie I mean the guy lies
and there he is still working away
because they never pay the price and
Chuck Todd is saying that somehow they
are credible and Donald Trump is being
unfair to them and of course the judges
this thing with the judges they're going
nuts and the way they're reporting it is
so absurd
everything's row v Wade is are we going
to lose our precious right to kill our
children and remember roe v wade does
not give you the right to an abortion
what it does is it takes away the right
of your state to make laws about it and
if they think abortion is such a winner
politically why are they afraid of
losing the states why are they afraid of
giving people the right to vote for the
kinds of laws they want I mean listen in
CNN's legal guy Jeffrey Toobin listen to
the hysteria with which he talks about
that the Trump Supreme Court pick I
think sometimes we talk about Supreme
Court it too much in abstractions about
dignity and who's qualified and whose
knowledge laud let's talk facts let's
talk about what America is going to be
like that's different you are going to
see 20 states passed laws banning
abortion outright just banning abortion
and because they know that there are now
going to be five votes on the Supreme
Court to overturn roe v wade and
abortion will be illegal in a
significant part of the United States in
18 months there is just no doubt about
that and that's why these seats matter
so much because they you know one of my
favorite lines about the Supreme Court
was by Justice Robert Jackson who served
on the court in the 1940s and 50s and he
said we are not final because we are
infallible we are infallible because we
are final if somebody has the last word
and here it's the Supreme Court and roe
v wade is doomed it is gone because
Donald Trump won the election he is a
mean man so there is a legal expert I am
NOT a legal expert I'm not a lawyer I am
a barefoot teller of tales I am just a
guy who makes up stories I am here to
tell you I bet roe v wade survives a a
court with a new pick from Trump let's
say that Trump actually does a good job
and picks a guy like corset or the lady
I was talking about earlier who I think
would be an excellent pick makes a great
pick that is going to mean that John
Roberts becomes the swing vote instead
of Anthony Kennedy I'm not so sure I
mean I can't predict the future
obviously neither can he
but I'm not so sure
john roberts is gonna take down Rovi way
john roberts is a big guy for for
precedent there's such a thing as
whether they call Sterry deceases or
something which means the press's is so
so much a part of american society that
withdrawing the precedent would actually
be more harmful even than doing the good
but listen to the way listen to the way
he talked about this all he wants in the
results he doesn't care about the law
that's CNN's legal expert he's not
caring about the law he just wants the
results i just want to go back in time a
little bit and take a look at Antonin
Scalia talking to Piers Morgan and Piers
Morgan cannot get this through his head
that the law matters what matters about
the street Supreme Court is the law and
Antonin Scalia describes it when he's
talking about roe v wade the founding
fathers were never going to have any
reason at that time to consider a
woman's right to keep a baby or to have
an abortion it wouldn't have even
entered their minds with it I don't know
why why wouldn't it because at the time
it was date they they didn't have wives
and daughters that they cared about they
did but it was not an issue that they
would ever consider framing in the
Constitution I don't when women began to
take charge in the last century of their
lives and their rights and so on and
began to fight for these everybody
believed that was the right thing to do
didn't that I mean why would you be
effectively against that my view is
regardless of whether you think
prohibiting abortion is good or whether
you think prohibiting abortion is bad
regardless of how you come out on that
my only point is the Constitution does
not say anything about it it leaves it
up to Democratic choice some states
prohibited it some states didn't what
Roe vs. Wade Wade said was that no state
can prohibit it that is simply not in
the Constitution it was one of those
many things most things in the world
left a democratic choice see see this is
we were talking about the watching the
soccer game and missing the gorilla the
gorilla is the Constitution what the
press wants is they want you to be
looking at the issues all the time which
which results we get here which results
we get there but the gorilla is the
Constitution keep your eye on the
Constitution what
Scalia was saying there that is the
high-minded argument not the argument
that oh you know the founders didn't
have wives and sisters so they didn't
know anything about abortion the
Constitution is changeable we can change
it by democratic process it is not for
five unelected judges to make decrees
from the bench that is not what they're
supposed to do the left don't mind it
when it goes their way but if it started
to go the other way they'd get very very
upset keep your eye on the gorilla the
gorilla is the Constitution don't let
them distract you and I so far I think
we're doing that I think we are winning
I think we go into July 4th at a high
just remember just remember these are
not these are not difficult times these
are good times during which the left is
angry this is really different right
these are not troubled times these are
great times during which the left is
angry all right let's talk about some
Hollywood will stay on but why you're
listening to this excellent interview
with Christiane toto you should be
subscribing so you can watch everything
live streamed right off the daily
wired.com it's a lousy ten bucks a month
for ten bucks you get me get been
alright you get Knowles but so we'll
make it nine bucks but like okay get me
been Knowles you get Matt Walsh and his
Globes
his ridiculous Globes his stupid Globes
he's so proud of and you get you also
can be in the mailbag and answer I'll
answer all your questions and solve all
your problems for lousy hundred bucks
you get the whole year and you're gonna
need this folks it's the leftist tears
tumblr it is filling up like crazy
by magic Christian toto is an
award-winning journalist film critic and
podcasts or I really like the guy
because he really knows movies too many
people on the right pronounce on movies
but don't really understand them
Christian does I don't always agree with
them but that's alright I just you don't
take him outside and we slap him around
but like you know no but he's really
knows what he's talking about he's the
founder of Hollywood in Toto calm and
the host of the weekly Hollywood in toto
podcast which offers a right-of-center
perspective on entertainment news you
can find him on Twitter at Hollywood in
Toto tio tio here is Christian Toto hey
Christian is good to see you again oh
thanks for having me
that's always a pleasure uh you know it
just seems to me that Hollywood is
getting crazier and crazier let's put
the movies aside for a minute just off
screen
these guys are loose
their stuff in a big way I mean let's
start with Robert De Niro Beauty do we
have to jumping-off point what is going
on I mean is it's not just the Niro is
it it's a it's kind of Hollywood wide
almost you know I cling to Chris Pratt
because he's the one Hollywood star who
is positive and upbeat and kind and
sweet in all of his social media work
I'm thinking he could be kicking nuns
offs camera I don't know but when it
comes to when he's reaching out to the
fans
he's just upbeat and positive and there
are so few people like that it makes
them stand out you know DeNiro has been
on this I'm gonna punch Trump in the
nose tour for a wild life and it's just
getting worse and you know if you're
DeNiro
no one ever pushes back at him no one
ever says hey mr. De Niro maybe you're
being a little bit impolite maybe the
president's you should have some respect
so he gets this constant wave of more
press more agile ation and I'm sure his
friends are loving every minute of it
so he can go in the atony Awards
telecast and drop an obscenity and then
draw standing ovations I mean it's this
it's not just happening in an in a
vacuum it's it's the support he's
getting from the media and his fellow
stars yeah and he's nothing I mean I saw
Seth Rogen the other day was on TV
basically saying that he had dispo Ryan
in front of his children is that so
here's the thing if you don't want to
take your picture with Paul Ryan because
you differ politically it's petty but I
get it
I could see it maybe I wouldn't be
rushing out to get Maxine Waters and I
have a selfie but when his team kids are
there yeah and you're gonna a refuse the
photo and then dress down their daddy in
front of them now these are teenagers
they're not like two and three year olds
but it's still their father they didn't
choose his political choices that is
just gross to me and I've got kids and
you know my kids are younger than that
but if they were of a certain age and I
was you know insulted directly in front
of them I would feel terrible they would
feel terrible and this cool hey I just
met Seth Rogen and took a picture with a
moment turn into this oh he's a jerk and
he was mean to my dad yeah yeah I mean
there's this I you gotta feel like this
has to hurt business somehow I mean or
am I wrong am I just that too hopeful is
this hurting business I mean I guess De
Niro is kind of
past his prime but he could still be
playing the Commissioner as they say in
Hollywood you know at some point you
stop playing the hero you start playing
the commissioner of police but like but
but he it does this hurt him at all
I think it's hurting the brand the
general okay I think what you have now
in Hollywood is there are certain brands
that are impenetrable the Marvel movies
for example certain horror movies
certain rebooted properties they you
know they seem that they're kind of
Teflon at this point but if a De Niro
puts out a movie where he's the main
attraction I guarantee it's gonna make
less money today that it would have
maybe two or three or four years ago so
I do think it will have an effect it can
be subtle it can be more pronounced
Peter Fonda has a new movie out they did
very poorly over the weekend it was it
based on what he said possibly it was a
little film but not a lot of attention
so it's hard to directly but this this
is you know these stars don't realize
that there's another star who's younger
and better-looking right behind them and
they could dazzle us just like they can
and if they're insulting us we will
respond and I think the more and more
conservatives are saying hey we can just
not do this and get angry we cannot go
see their movies you know and it does
have an impact there does seem to be a
point where these guys forget that we
pay for their lifestyle that they
actually this doesn't just rain down on
them it's our it's our money they're
spending you know hey you know you you
talk about some some franchises being
bulletproof but one of the things we've
seen over the last several months is
we've seen the NFL possibly the biggest
most bulletproof franchise in history
taking a bullet I mean they really did
blow it and they're losing business
because of it we've seen Starbucks which
you would have thought was going to be
you know there was the onion headline
Starbucks builds a Starbucks in another
Starbucks you know that's suddenly
they're they're suffering too and we saw
soloed maybe the first Star Wars movie
to lose money isn't is that right yeah
it's amazing the sole thing is energy
because I think that film itself wasn't
bad at all it wasn't political at all
but I think the fallout from the last
Jedi which is both a mediocre movie and
a very kind of socially just movie I
think that really kind of it broke the
bond
people had with the franchise he did for
me I'd line up for anything Star Wars
but after I saw the last Jedi and I
thought about it I mean the storytelling
was inept and the the virtue signaling
stopped the movie cold and all of a
sudden Star Wars didn't seem so magical
to me anymore so huh I agree I think
that we as a culture we can turn on a
dime these days and I don't think in the
past it wouldn't we weren't as flexible
as that but I think that now we've got a
million things to take up our time if
we're not watching Sunday NFL football
we're on YouTube we're at you know
watching Netflix there's lots of ways we
can entertain ourselves and we can kind
of turn on a dime and I think that
should scare people I I think that you
know people are getting tired of being
insulted I think and and it was
interesting I noticed I didn't go to see
ocean's 8 I mean I kind of I liked the
first film and I was kind of done but
oceans a tall girl you know ocean
picture of the ocean pictures of the big
calm and so on and when it got kind of
mediocre reviews I mean it didn't get
bad reviews it basically said there's
nothing original one of the was it one
of the women in the movie who started to
say this is the problem of white men
reviewing our movie is that yeah I was
Mindy Kaling who's one of the coast
stars there and then she made a weird
kind of detour into you know Meryl
Streep and male critics hurting her a
career or not enjoying her films I mean
the critic for the love Meryl Streep or
her movies anymore it would a horrible
example but the bottom line is it's a
conman movie or con women movie you got
to have great costumes you got to have a
couple of twists and turns you got to
have some crackerjack dialogue that
doesn't mean man women is there's no
divide there if it's good we enjoy it if
it isn't we don't it was a mediocre
movie not a bad movie I called it out
for that very reason and it wasn't even
political it wasn't even that
Ghostbusters sort of social justice
it just was okay and it's okay to have
an okay movie but lashing at a critics
for your okay movie well it's not okay
it does sort of it does sort of bring up
the question there's has been this thing
in Hollywood going on where women are
saying well we're not getting paid as
much as men and and my question always
is are you as valuable property as a man
is I mean if one if a man is in a movie
he's gonna bring in a certain amount if
a woman's in a movie is she going to
bring in the same amount I mean that
is I assume the calculation there and
how easy are you to replace I mean
that's how capitalism works if you're
easy to replace you make less money than
if you're not did something like the
oceans 8 film does that hurt that
argument at all does it hurt them equal
pay argument at all well you know I
think that the the generation in
Hollywood is complicated and often women
do get the short end of the stick
because they don't have as many people
to power behind the scenes you look at
the number of female to male directors
it's a big disparity so I think there
are legitimate beef stew have be had
there but when you have these kind of
arguments I was sending all my goodness
this is your claim out white male
critics well it it kind of deflates your
other arguments so your valid arguments
don't get enough attention and respect
because you're making silly arguments
over here yeah so I think that's part of
the problem they face you know I I did
notice the David Lynch came out and he
said yeah ed Lynch is not any political
genius but he came out and said that he
said he voted for Bernie but he thought
that Donald Trump could be one of the
greatest presidents ever it is that is
it pushing it ii think that's a sign
that maybe a little bit of air is
breaking through or is that just David
Lynch being crazy
that's just David Lynch being David
Lynch I mean I always think he said it
to be provocative and I joked on Twitter
I said his a his apology slash retract
retraction will be coming any moment now
but yeah I listen for every one comment
there's other comments that dwarf that
and there's a comedian comedian slash
actor Kumail Nanjiani from Silicon
Valley he was also in the very good
movie the big sick I mean he's just
constantly playing the Nazi card on
Twitter again and again and again and
he's the kind of guy who will make a
small movie and then go in the publicity
strike and say hey come see my movie and
by the way half the people in the
country are racists in it Nazis like
what kind of itch is that it's the worst
marketing in the world it's funny
because Silicon Valley's one of the most
conservative shows ever I mean it's just
an absolute celebration of capitalism
alright enough politics let's talk about
movies wait first of all is anything
good out there that I should see that
haven't seen anything in a while you
know there's a movie that's really
divisive right now it's called
hereditary it's a horror film yeah and
I've got some issues with the ending and
I really don't think I've been able to
kind of mentally tease it through but it
felt so fresh and raw and powerful that
I loved it okay and you know with heart
movies is the creaking door
the ghosts and the goblins like we know
every tick of the genre but this felt
like it was all new with the first-time
director so I think for that reason
alone you should see it okay and then I
thought The Incredibles 2 was very solid
I didn't think was as good as the first
film what what them could be it had a
little bit of a you know female
empowerment sort of underlying and
italicized but other than that it's very
enjoyable that's why the Pixar brand is
so rock solid that parents know they're
gonna have a good time when they take
the kids there so yeah and even the
Yoker Pixar movies are white white yours
a bit better than most films huh you
know it's funny though you mentioned
though is it hereditary or heredity I
think it's ready it's very you know it's
kind of been a golden age for these
small original horror films starting
with I guess it follows yes and the
witch and the Baba Baba Papa or whatever
it was you know it really has been a
moment for these these films to kind of
rise up well while they're getting
swallowed by all the Marvel movies it's
really been kind of interesting for some
reason that this new approach to horror
is catching on yeah you know it can be
very cyclical in popularity it just
herbs and flows and it's hard to discern
why but I think the fact that the
technology is so much cheaper for
filmmakers and I think studio is just
say hey I can take I can roll the dice
with an artist on a horror movie if it
bites me I'm gonna lose a couple million
as opposed to 30 40 50 60 million so
maybe they're letting the horeb people
just you know let their voices out yeah
I think that often makes the best art
and but you're right it we've been lucky
and there's been a lot of good low
profile horror movies and we also
haven't seen that glut of really bad 80
slasher movies I know people are
nostalgic about them and I am too a
little bit but they weren't that good
let's I couldn't stand them I realize I
use calm one by one movies I just
couldn't I couldn't stand them uh you
know we have this long-standing argument
here at the Daily wire over comic book
movies my position you know talking
about Marvel do you see whatever and and
my position has just been that I don't
mind one of them or two of them a year
but they just have so cluttered the
market
that I can't say then there all seem the
same to me you see any change in that is
that basically what's going to be going
on going forward you know if you can
release a black panther to boffo box
office and then the Avengers comes out
two months later and the box office even
bigger there's no end in sight having
said that I thought Black Panther was
very good I thought Avengers was
terrific I'm seeing how ant-man in the
WASC this week I can't wait to see it so
I'm not burned out yet there's something
about these movies I think there's very
high quality I think the actors are
top-notch
I think they mostly avoid political
arguments I think Disney's very shrewd
about that in the brand management and
maybe it's the you know we don't have a
lot of white hat versus black hat
anymore in our storytelling it's the
it's the antihero it's the Walter
White's it's that villains that are a
little bit heroic and that's enough for
us but the good guys in the superhero
movies are good guys and they fight the
bad guys and it's a very morally strong
presentation and maybe that's part of
the success it's a lot of reasons behind
it but and also every one of us grew up
reading these comics yes I did and I
think seeing them on the big screen is
such a spectacular fashion it's the
escapism that we need fair enough what
the what Wow the summer movies are
coming what what are you looking forward
to you know I feel like the big guns
have fired already actually miss
Jurassic world I need to catch up that I
was on vacation I am hard pressed to
find something that I'm super excited
about you know the first ant-man I
thought was it was engaging and fun and
Paul Rudd was perfectly cast so that one
will be enjoyable other than that you
know I think that they often front-load
the season where a lot of the highly
anticipated popcorn movies come out
already so we've seen a lot of them it
hit the theaters so I don't know nothing
nothing is really kind of on my radar
that I'm super and through enthused
about that's a picture with the rock
it's coming out on my birthday the one
about the size paper the die hard you
know it's funny I love Dwayne Johnson
and I think he's as charming as can be
but when Arnold Schwarzenegger was at
the top of his game he paired himself
off with with the best directors the
James Cameron's the Ivan Reitman and
that kept that kept him really high and
kept his star power really strong dwayne
johnson his radar
isn't as good that in that way so I'm
you know the movie looks like a cheesy
knock off like a rampage room of a
couple weeks ago so you know it may be
escapism may be fun but I really want
him to use his clout to pick better
movies work with better directors better
screenwriters cuz he it's very you know
he's the the biggest star right now but
he can go away really quickly just just
ask Jim Carrey yeah and he and he's also
a better actor than Schwarzenegger ever
was I mean he that that show he does
when HBO he's quite good yeah yeah he's
shockingly good light hearted you know
and he does comedy very well not just
the action stuff but there's something
about him when he throws a punch you got
to get other ways amazing all right
Kristen Toto it's good to talk to you
where can we find you just to find your
stuff well I'm at Hollywood in toto calm
I've been a weekly podcast you can find
on iTunes and all the major outlets and
on Twitter at Hollywood in toda great
we'll come on back and we'll talk movies
again thanks so much thanks a lot all
right are pre July 4th sexual follies
alright here's a story from Amanda
presto one of my favorite writers on the
daily wire Amanda presto Giacomo see I'm
reading it off the page because I can
never get it right I always call her
Amanda presto but study reveals what
women we have a lot of good writers but
Amanda is one of the best for sure a
study reveals what women are hard-wired
to find attractive feminists are going
to hate it turns out women are
hard-wired to be much more attracted to
male protectors who espouse so-called
benevolent sexism than men who treat
them as equals get this guy's listen to
this our best part this is true even for
hardcore feminists scientists found
according to a new study from University
of Kent and Iowa State University's
scientists which was published on
Personality and Social Psychology
Bulletin women overwhelmingly preferred
chivalrous men who viewed women as
needing protecting researchers classify
this apparently patronizing behavior has
benevolent sexism BS it is BS calling it
sexism but that's what they call it or
well-meaning sexism the researchers
suggest that women are hard-wired to
overlook the harmful consequences be it
this is so stupid
because bs mates are perceived as
willing to invest protect provide and
commit reads the studies abstract as
noted by the Daily Mail the research was
collected from five study groups full of
women with the largest group comprising
233 women in the smallest of hundred and
for the females were asked to view
scenarios of interactions from men which
included men who were kind but in what
is considered a sexist way and men who
treated the women as equals and didn't
offer any special treatment guess what
they liked the women who protected them
better women find this is them speaking
not me because I find the whole idea
that this is sexist to protect women as
opposed to normal and right and good and
true I find it ridiculous but it's just
quoting them women find benevolent
sexist men attractive not because they
are ignorant of the harmful effects that
they we made up but despite them this
suggests that the desirable aspects of
benevolent attitudes and behaviors are
sufficient to overcome the perceived
negative effects and it gets even worse
for feminists as Amanda who promotes
sameness instead of equality for the
sexes they
like protective men as well you know the
only thing I want to say about this I
said it takes so much work so much
research and work to establish what we
already know to be true because the left
is constantly lying and so if you're a
guy I have spent my entire life in a
feminist environment which I have
completely ignored I've completely
ignored their opinions I've completely
ignored what they want if they've yelled
at me I've let them yell at me I just go
on doing what I have opened doors for
women when women have actually stopped
and scolded me for it and I've told them
it was my choice to open the door they
didn't have to walk through it if they
didn't want to I have lived my life
ignoring feminists completely I suggest
you do exactly the same do not listen to
the women on television because they're
not the women you're gonna go out with
they're not the women who are going to
make your home they are not that women
who are going to mother your children
they find those women who are normal
women and you will be very happy
just ignore them because they only the
only power they have is you paying
attention to them alright have a
wonderful wonderful fourth of July
remember what I said these are not
trouble times these are great times
during which the left is angry so get
your leftist ears tumblr ready start the
barbecue and have a wonderful time and
we will see you here on Thursday I'm
Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew Clavin
show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
