we're live it's Friday it's almost the
4th of July which is the greatest
holiday ever it's it's up there I mean
it's like Christmas and 4th of July for
me yeah I really just good Thanksgivings
a good one that's also super American
yeah I just got a 4th of July
Independence Geo I think we should
grouse I'm Michael Knoll and you are
watching Friday live we have to recount
all the comments that came in because
last week our question to our audience
was what do you think the names are the
title ideas are for the Obamas new
Netflix deal that they inked and Oprah's
new Apple TV deal that she inked and we
got some pretty interesting ones that
came in would you like to read this one
oh that's wrong Obama nation but like
you know yeah well let's not let John
get it you get it guys somebody said
lies and deceit another person said no
hope another person that was a racist
another abomination ostensibly Obama
ostentatiously
major things stranger things would it be
stranger things like to a1a like season
1 double of socialist that's a clever
one you get charismatic mitts
information and you can charismatic
misinformation disaster a history of the
worst presidency in US history the
criminal and the posture which is with
some strong some strong we're not rich
we're relatable which is insane because
they are incredibly rich they are some
of the richest people yeah but you don't
you don't make any money in the
presidency unless you're a Democrat did
you know that yeah everyone else is
expected to lose money when they're in
public office except the Clintons and
the Obamas yeah we got a lot of Obama
Nations all that one's also
inappropriate a little race one and a
Half Men that's not a that's not nice
that's very very mean that's not nice at
all how I almost destroyed America just
kidding I did I don't care do you how I
met mmm no that one was Islamophobic No
you can't be that no bruh people are
saying no prelada dumb and Dumberer
'he's ivy-league without the classes
alright yeah corn for people about
watching a hot everybody not everybody
can be a winner but you know that was it
okay do you know because comedy is very
hard you know why I'm so good at telling
jokes
wait timing anyway I was gonna say
you're really good at telling jokes you
know ain't good at telling jokes Stephen
Colbert but that guy had an interesting
guest on last night his name was Michael
Moore
you know Alicia you know I always watch
the Stephen Colbert show right
religiously and everything that Michael
Moore's on I gobble it up so but could
you just refresh my memory of what
happened on the show what happened was
even though Stephen Colbert obviously
hates Donald Trump it was pretty
interesting because he almost was
distancing himself from more almost in
the sense of when you talked to Tom
Arnold and he was talking about Trump
being a Russian spy you're like really
now I didn't speak for you and but it's
cleared a pretty big leftist but he was
really awkward in this interview and the
big news and it's trending on Twitter
right now is that Michael Moore has
announced his new documentary and his
new documentary is gonna be all about
Donald Trump and you know he's playing
with words here folks because the name
of the documentary is Fahrenheit 11 9 do
you get it do you get it it's a pun
it's a to get the reference if Donald
Trump is as bad as the terrorist attack
that killed 3,000 civilian Americans
yeah and that guy on Twitter get up have
you seen him lately
he's saying that the Capitol Police are
making mass arrests on protesters
yesterday at the Senate committee
hearing of course because we had a
Christopher Rao's protests today it's
like I remember seeing a handful of
people protesting but I don't remember
seeing thousands of people protesting
and I definitely don't remember mass
arrests but of course this is coming
from a guy that's saying that we should
shut down ice right so what's next
wishful thinking is the mass arrests I
mean it Sarandon out of there man if all
the code Pinker's could be mass arrested
they are so annoying you know it is
worth because it's easy to make fun of
Michael Moore it is worth pointing out
that title of that documentary 11/9
right
November not November 8th November 9th
when Donald Trump we all knew he was
president that is horrific ly offensive
yeah that is so so horrible I didn't
even vote for Donald Trump yeah you did
I vote him twice so I made up for both
of us probably found some differences
name went in again which I'm sure it
happens all the time in California you
know but I didn't even vote for Donald
Trump but that it is so offensive to the
thousands of innocent Americans that
lost their lives on 9/11 yeah it is
beyond and I really do think somebody
tweeted and I wish I could give credit
to whoever tweeted this but they said
I've guarantee you that the oh what the
hell is the left doing I'm gonna vote
for Trump in 2020 vote is now larger
than the never Trump vote ever was and I
say yep your answer is because things
like this are absolutely disgusting
here's the info that Michael Moore says
about his new documentary this is an
opposite Michael Moore's Fahrenheit 11 9
is a provocative and comedic look at the
times in which we live it will explore
the two most interesting questions of
the Trump era I'm gonna edit this out
for our audience how the f did we get
here and how the F do we get out it's
the film to see before it's too late
bom-bom-bom or it's too late before the
First Amendment is removed by the
liberal members of the Supreme Court you
know that's right if Hillary had won
what happened to the first second
Amendment right now exactly it is it's
funny with him though because I have
seen a number of his movies he is a good
propagandist he is an engaging
propagandist when you take two seconds
to think about anything he claims in his
movies you realize it's absurd on its
face yeah but he can spin a yarn he
actually is pretty good at this tell
people like any documentary that you
watch is not all fact yeah you're old we
talked about the Netflix and you know
Apple streaming deals there's so many
documentaries and so much information
that is free at people's fingertips
right like available for much cheaper
than a $15 ticket to go see a Michael
Moore film yeah yeah and and I think
that people need to remember do your
research because whether it's a
documentary that agrees with you or
agrees with the other side it is
definitely influenced with opinions
speaking of propaganda movies that are
no good as you should avoid no your guys
they know
you liked the second incredible love so
now we are going to debate and be sure
to take our Instagram poll because
Michael wrote an really inappropriate
more tinged piece with the crazy I mean
that's how crazy it was folks because he
thinks that The Incredibles - was
feminist propaganda not that it was
feminist propaganda I'll state a very I
think it was adorable and wonderful and
pro-family in awesome I what I'll state
it clearly is the Incredibles sequel was
like fine compared to all of the other
stuff that comes out of Hollywood but
compared to the first movie The
Incredibles which was a superb movie an
excellent movie with complex characters
living out real-life problems that we
can all relate to the second film was
shallow
it was feminist it destroyed the
character complexity and it was a film
about nothing whereas the first film is
a film about something it's a film about
a midlife crisis that's free it really
it's about this guy right mr. incredible
he had all his glory days in the past
he'll say I work alone right and you
know he'd hang out with his family to
help right he settles down Cousy hold on
so well this is just the first movie he
realized in that first movie he just
gonna settle down get a house in the
suburbs a wife a desk job three kids in
a car right yeah and he's miserable like
so many guys are when they give up their
glory days he's trying to relive them he
hangs out with a pretty younger woman he
goes and hangs out with his buddy late
at night he's lying to his wife his wife
is worried that he's cheating on her and
but then he realizes he says it
explicitly says you're my greatest
adventure and they all come together and
they're they all have foibles they all
have flaws and they come together at the
end and even by the way the name of the
villain syndrome is about sin it's
actually about the original sin of Pride
and all it's real deep with a movement
for five-year-olds folks no but that
movie could be seen by anybody the
second movie is a movie for
five-year-olds no it is so good
no what is the character flaw of the
wife in the second movie the character
flaw of the wife is the content I can
relate to this is the constant tug of
career and family and you know hey what
is and what do you
that's her struggle but what is her flaw
can you name a flaw she the trouble with
the for the first movie everybody has
their flaws okay
the second movie the wife doesn't have
the flush does everything no not in the
name of
see I think and I actually think that so
you here's the spoiler my biggest
argument for it not being a feminist
propaganda movie is the person that is
trying to push that oh Elastigirl isn't
it nice to be in the spotlight again
that gives us a little bit of a spoiler
but I'm trying not to the person that is
always pushing that agenda ends up being
the bad guy you pay attention from the
very first moment that this person
starts to say well don't you want to be
the center of attention now isn't it
time for us women to work together ends
up being the person that is very bad and
so to me it shows that message of no
family is important they all come
together in the end she misses the kid
she needs the kids there's I don't think
it's this feminist proper that you got
good messages in it absolutely but the
question of the movie is it also it kind
of undercuts the first movie in the
first movie she explicitly the wife
wants to settle down wants to stay at
home doesn't want to be super you see
that struggle no she says I there's a
little bit of a spoiler so closure
here's for five seconds she goes I got
the bad guy this on my own this was so
fun she wouldn't have been in the first
movie but yes she would have she
explicitly wouldn't if she said I don't
want to fight bad guys anymore in the
first movie she says that in the second
one too but she does it because it's her
or nothing I don't think that's true you
guys need to weigh in if you've seen the
movie and even if you haven't just vote
for me cuz I'm right and you know my
strong Instagram right now and check out
the poll is Incredibles to feminist
propaganda or not you know it I don't
think it is we shall see you should go
see the movie it's really cute mainly
just for Jack Jack's power you should
definitely see the first movie we could
go on about this in two hours you should
definitely see The Incredibles that's a
great movie so does anyone know that
social-media influencer is well you're
looking at them folks you're looking
what's got two thumbs and influences on
social media alright marks and Michael
we're gonna toss up the picture right
now Michael into this influence or Muir
also you're in LA it is a marketing
stick my people don't know who but they
think it's a new YouTube show yeah new
like you to show people it is guarded so
tell us about your experience there
Roebling i got a thank you for this
because you I wouldn't have even seen
this you said Michael there is a social
medium
only people with the checkmark on
Twitter and you have to have 20,000
followers then you can go in and see it
I said I'm there I'm on my way let's go
if I can feel like a cool guy in
Hollywood even once in my life I'm doing
it and I love that they totally set it
up for like the Instagram models and if
not gavones shows up hey guys I'm an
influencer let me in where my models so
we go there was a tarp like a whole tent
yep blocking this mural and so I go I
should there's this great guy Kasim was
the security guard I got a photo with
him - he so I showed him the thing he
let me in and I looked and I saw and I
beheld with my influencer eyes a mural
that looks exactly like the other murals
on the wall outside yeah it's almost
exactly the same yeah except this one is
only for influencers and a lot of people
on the left because it was actually I
think a writer over advice that saw it
and kind of made this go viral and a lot
of people on the Left are saying this is
unfair this is an American like we're
almost upon the 4th of July how could
they this is any quality at work and
your piece on it was kind of like come
on guys yeah are you know well the the
bit the the thing about it is it's
actually a pretty good modern art you
know la has a ton of Modern Art actually
some of its kind of interesting and this
this is an artwork that's basically
describing social inequalities as social
media inequalities right we're always
just posting laughs oh look how great my
life is and right but this isn't any
better it's just all illusion people are
always taking instagrams in front of
murals but it actually achieves what
it's set says it's doing it's not ironic
it's actually saying we want people with
big social followings to advertise our
TV show do it and then they did it and
then everybody did it you know open and
honest about it one of the things that
more like kind of sheshe oh come to this
Chi Chi party into picture with this
road only so-and-so can come in yeah I
really it was so funny because it was
just like hey make us famous hey you
guys so we want to know from you guys
who is your favorite social media
influencer I would think that people
like kendall Jenner are probably pretty
sure jenner/kardashian knowles so the
social-media influencer is a user on
social media who has established
credibility in a specific industry
social-media influencer has access to a
large audience and can persuade others
by virtue of their austin authenticity
and reach I think the word use of
authenticity there is definitely
laughable yeah yeah they keep using that
word I don't know if it means
yeah so be sure to check out our poll
well so our Instagram poll I am right
Michael is wrong you already all know
the answer to that and B we want to know
your favorite influencer is so you need
to message us on Instagram or comment on
YouTube or sudden it's a Facebook
message yeah you media Instant Messenger
is related to myspace if you can read my
Sangha I explain more about the
incredibles there I should go back to
see if I could still login that's
probably really good poetry on there
young Michael Knowles fascinating as
ahead so his wife anyway that is all for
this week thank you so much for watching
everybody have an amazing 4th of July
and we'll see you next week
you
