so you might ask well how did I protect
myself before I had a gun and I will
tell you and this is I swear that every
word of this is true my neighbor she has
since moved away but my neighbor used to
be one of the biggest stars in Hollywood
any list of big stars this woman would
be on it and being a big star in
Hollywood she is not necessarily a very
far left person big spokeswoman for the
far left and a big anti-gun advocate and
all day long at her house next to my
house guys with guns were going in and
out of this house with the go bags you
know you see the go back I mean there
were so many guns going in and out of
her house and surrounding her house that
you could have made a Matt Damon movie
so so so that Matt Damon could win an
Oscar and give a speech about how you
shouldn't have guns and and one day so
help me one of their security guys is on
the phone with my wife and it's just one
of these neighbor things you know we
were discussing who owned a tree and
where the vent should be and all this
stuff and he said to her you know I just
want you to know that you shouldn't be
concerned that you know we not only
watch our house we watch your house too
and anything terrible happens we'll be
there this is great this is great this
this woman who wants nobody have guns is
protecting me with her guns I feel I
could not be an example and this is
standard stuff in Hollywood as you know
I mean I'm sure some of you most of you
must have seen this Alyssa Milano Milano
video Alyssa Milano is a TV actress and
they had a rally for the NRA in Dallas I
believe it was and she was out in the
park outside protesting surrounded by
guys I mean he says didn't even get
their jackets cut you know you saw these
like big heaters coming out of their
their coats and some guy walked up to
her to the guys and started heckling
Alyssa Milano and said to the guys are
you carrying guns and they forced him
out of a public park they forced this
guy out of a public park because Alyssa
Milano or she was protesting guns had
more guns than this guy had
so they were could force him out of the
public park now that's part of what I
guess we have to call hypocrisy
