I I can't I can't I can't do it anymore
with the Globes I'm sick of the Globes I
can't no more Globes Matt Walsh is
responsible for this this is a Matt
Walsh his fault
look I'm not opposed to stupid schtick
on my show I actually love it it makes
up about 3/4 of my show but I'm sick of
the globe's
I am NOT a globalist okay the globalism
is a false song and we're rid of it now
because of this administration and
President Trump if you haven't seen the
Matt Walsh show is responsible for the
just play the clip wit end for good
reason because a globe when you add a
globe into the situation it immediately
makes everything classier and more
professional and more intelligent so
even though I don't have a real studio
or a real set I do have the globe and
the point that I made was well yeah the
other guys at the Daily wire they've got
a studio they've got a set they don't
have a globe though do they
so who really has the most professional
show with the daily wire that that was
that was my argument anyway but after
the show a lot of people informed me
that actually Clavin does have a globe
on his set I never noticed it before but
I went back and I and I watched and yeah
there is kind of off in the corner it's
not displayed prominently like my globe
but he does have a globe so this is what
I'm going to do I didn't want to have to
do this but I'm going to add a second
globe and so now I have the most Globes
both in terms of globe quantity and also
total globe is fall um-- and if it's
really necessary for me to pull out the
big guns and i and i'm kind of hesitant
here because i I don't mean the show off
but if I really need to I also have this
and I could do the entire show with this
globe as well and what would look more
professional or more intelligent than
that okay
but I won't i won't yeah unless it's
really necessary so look like usual I'm
watching the Matt Walsh show
I found this argument sort of convincing
because I'll turn into the Matt Walsh
show whenever I can't just talk to Paul
Bois I will talk to nin to his
doppelganger Matt Walsh and I will hear
exactly the same voice and the same you
know points of view but with more Globes
so I thought this is kind of compelling
I mean I've been into a lot of sort of
pretentious homes and offices and they
do they have Globes and everything so
but then I there was something about the
globe's that I didn't want to be outdone
you know I added the glows to my set
there's something I didn't like about
them I realized what it was do you know
what this looks like yeah yeah it looks
like a soccer ball that's what it looks
like and it reminded me that basically
on this globe every single place on here
except for oh we're oh except for right
there every place on that globe likes
soccer
except for that nice little spot right
there you know that hope of that beacon
of freedom and hope for the entire world
that protects everybody from chaos and
death that one right there doesn't like
soccer so I'm done with the Globes the
full song of globalism is over Matt
Walsh can keep his Globes I'm done
