so there's a member of the Union who a
non member of the Union actually state
employee whose unit was represented by a
public sector union in Illinois and he
refused to join the union because he
doesn't like a lot of its positions
including those taken in collective
bargaining and he was paying something
like five hundred bucks a year to this
Union even though he didn't want to join
the Union in the first place so the
Supreme Court held today under the under
the decision written by Justice Alito
and joined by Kennedy and Gorsuch and
Thomas and Roberts this this decision
held that this part of the law is no
longer applicable that you cannot force
non-members of unions to pay union dues
which seems like an obvious thing I
didn't want to join the union why should
I be forced to pay the dues so the
counter-argument to that that's been
made by folks on the left is well what
happens when all the members of the
Union decide not to pay the Union they
decide they don't want to be represented
by the Union anymore because they don't
want to pay the union dues and they are
quote unquote Free Riders right now
they're getting the benefits of Union of
union representation without having to
pay the fee and the answer to that is so
what so what the answer to that is then
the Union should do a better job of
earning its members loyalty and earning
its members money it shouldn't be the
government stepping in and forcing
people to pay the Union when you don't
want to pay the Union in the first place
so Justice Alito delivers the opinion of
the court and he writes under Illinois
law public employees are forced to
subsidize a union even if they choose
not to join and strongly object to the
positions the Union takes in collective
bargaining and related activities we
conclude that this arrangement violates
the free speech rights of non-members by
compelling them to subsidize private
speech on matters of substantial public
concern and this of course is exactly
right and Justice Alito goes on to
explain why all of the the foolishness
that is being pushed by the by the left
on the on these Union issues is
unconstitutional this is the first
amendment made applicable to the states
by the Fourteenth Amendment forbids
bridge mints of the freedom of speech
we've held time and again that freedom
of speech quote includes both the right
to speak freely and the right to refrain
from speaking at all the right to eschew
association for expressive purposes is
likewise prohibited is likewise
protected as justice Jackson memorably
put it if there is any fixed star in our
constitutional constellation it is that
no official high or petty can prescribe
what shall be Orthodox and politics
nationalism religion or other matters of
opinion or for citizens to confess by
word or act their faith therein
compelling into
to mouth support for views they find
objection vol violates that cardinal
constitutional command and in most
context any such efforts would be
universally condemned suppose for
example the state of Illinois required
all residents to sign a document
expressing support for a particular set
of positions on controversial public
issues say the platform of one of the
major political parties no one we trust
would seriously argue that the First
Amendment permits this perhaps because
such compulsion so plainly violates the
Constitution most of our free speech
cases have involved restrictions on what
can be said rather than the laws
compelling speech but measure
commissioners compelling speech are at
least as threatening and then goes on to
discuss the fact that these unions are
essentially compelling speech he says
that the the dissent in this particular
case proposes that we apply what amounts
to a rational basis review that is that
we ask only whether a government
employer could reasonably reasonably
believe that the exaction of agency fees
serves as interest this form of minimal
scrutiny is foreign to our free speech
jurisprudence and we reject it here okay
so then they go through the Abood
decision which is a 1977 decision saying
the state can compel people to pay money
to unions and just Alito destroys it he
says there were basically two rationales
that were used by the court in Abood to
suggest that unions could actually be
forced to that non-union members could
be forced to pay agency fees okay
argument number one was labor peace
right so what the hell is labor peace
cants a stupid argument in the first
place labor peace is apparently the idea
that if you're not forced to pay an
agency fee to the Union then you may
instead go join another Union and then
that other Union will be certified and a
different Union will be decertified and
the answer that is so the hell what why
should you be locked into a union
forever
that's idiotic
