a site I like all science alert
sometimes collects different scientific
information so I love this they had they
collected what makes men attractive to
women something that all men are
interested in that says romantic
attraction is a complicated thing the
scientists don't still don't completely
understand but through research
experimentation they've come up with
many ideas about what draws one person
to another and we've rounded up some of
the most compelling scientific insights
about the traits and behaviors that make
men more appealing to women so this for
your dating pleasure I'm now gonna read
you some of these number one look for
the universal signals of flirtation
Rutgers University anthropologist and
best-selling author Helen Fisher says
that women around the world signal
interest with a remarkably similar
sequence of expressions it goes like
this first the woman smiles first the
woman smiles at her admirer and lifts
her eyebrows in a swift jerky motion as
she opens her eyes wide to gaze at him
then she drops her eyelids tilts her
head down and to the side and looks away
frequently she also covers her face with
her hands giggling nervously as she
retreats behind her bombs like I think
we have a seizure
number two look for someone in your
league
men and women are attracted to people
who are as attractive as they are if you
go for someone roughly equal to you in
attractiveness it avoids two things says
one psychologist if they are much better
looking than you you are worried about
them going off and having affairs if
they are much less attractive you were
worried that you could do better see I
think the problem here is the for most
men going after someone more attractive
than you is called dating women most of
us are way out of our league already
number three look older women prefer
older men if I looked any older I'd be
dead number four a light beard women
find a they find if facial hair
correlates not only with maturity and
masculinity but also with dominance and
aggression they like a stubble they like
stubble no wonder if these guys anything
has ever been on a date oh look they're
just making this stuff up build muscle
but not too much study from the
University of California in LA women
looked at pictures of shirtless men and
indicated which ones seemed like they
would make the best
long and short-term partners results
show that women are more likely to want
short term relationships with the guys
who have big muscles but they like the
guys with a little less muscle for
long-term relationship because if you
have a job you don't have time to build
up the big muscles be kind and not a
2014 Chinese study more than a hundred
young people looked at images of men and
women's faces and rated them
unattractiveness if each face pictured
had was paired with a word that
described a personality trait like
kindness or honesty results showed that
the people described with positive
traits were rated more attractive so be
a kind Chinese guy as the answer there
we're read because women like gay men
the others the others are pretty good
they're pretty obvious make her laugh
walk a dog show off your scars not all
at the same time all right now you know
it's all there for you
