the Supreme Court has upheld president
Trump's travel ban it was not a travel
ban according to the Trump
administration but it was a travel ban
for particular countries there were
seven different countries from which
travel was essentially banned because we
could not vet people who are coming in
from those countries in a 5-4 decision
the Supreme Court on Tuesday upheld
president Trump's temporary travel ban
affecting several countries recognized
as state sponsors of terrorism according
to Emily Zanotti over a Daily wire Chief
Justice John Roberts wrote the opinion
and it appears both justice Neel Gorsuch
and Justice Anthony Kennedy agreed with
the majority handing president Trump's
Justice Department a win on the issue
the courts language was strong Roberts
wrote the opinion he noted that the
president quote lawfully exercised the
broad discretion granted to him under
Section 1182 F to suspend the entry of
aliens into the United States and the
president of the United States does have
plenary power to suspend immigration in
this sort of fashion for security
purposes the court also noted that the
president's interest in preserving
national security particularly in light
of terrorism concerns overrides concerns
pertaining to the free exercise of
religion has codified in the First
Amendment's Establishment Clause that
was always a stupid argument the
argument that the First Amendment's
Establishment Clause applies to people
who are not American citizens so if you
are in Iran and you want to get into the
United States and we say well we're
banning certain religions as bad as that
policy would be as stupid as that policy
would be it doesn't violate the First
Amendment you're not a citizen it can't
just be somebody in the middle of a hill
Afghanistan in Afghanistan and you say
well you're violating my First Amendment
rights you don't have First Amendment
rights under the Constitution of the
United States the court stuck to the
traditional strict scrutiny standard
writing the president must have
compelling reason to over override
guarantees of religious freedom in the
case of the travel ban it's entirely
possible that the danger of importing
known terrorists are supporters of
terror outweighs potential First
Amendment concerns opponents of the band
had asked the court to apply a rational
basis standard the court did not appear
to agree on the matter even considering
the president's tweet about Islam so
there are all these courts these lower
courts that had quoted president Trump
suggesting that he was a bigot and
that's what was motivating all of this
and the court said listen he can't just
cite a bunch of presidential tweets or
presidential candidate tweets in support
of the proposition that a piece of
legislation is inherently bad you
actually have to show that the
legislation violates the Constitution
this piece of legislation or at least
this regulation from the executive
branch did not violate the Constitution
and thus president Trump's travel ban
stands at least for the
according to the Supreme Court's that of
course is a win for president Trump
