many of you have become angry at the
daily wires attitude towards soccer and
I want you to know I understand there
are two sides to this issue on the one
hand there are those who feel soccer is
a decadent third world non sport pushed
on Americans by a sinister left-wing
cabal hoping to feminize our culture by
drawing us into a sissified exercise in
which underdeveloped men wearing girlie
shorts run back and forth over an open
field for no apparent reason
unable even to use the hands God gave
them but reduced to kicking a ball that
represents the goats head they would
probably use in their own backward
culture until by some apparently random
chance they actually insert the object
in the goal in a pitiful half imitation
of manhood it makes it possible for a
nation with a GDP of $17 to all but
accidently defeat a country they could
wipe them off the face of the earth
simply by sneezing too hard on the other
hand there are other people with other
opinions let me be clear we here at the
Andrew Clavin show support the right of
all people including you communists
sexual perverts who wish to watch soccer
in the copious spare time you have in
lieu of jobs we just think the sport
could be improved somewhat by allowing
the players to pick up the ball in their
hands like men and maybe they could
bounce it over a hard surface until they
use their superior strength and size to
leap over the opposition and drop it
through a net only a little larger than
the ball itself that way there would be
more scoring and the players would look
like LeBron James
instead of pee-wee Herman just saying I
hope this brings our two sides closer
together though not too close together
maybe we could sit at opposite ends of
the couch watch some baseball
trigger warning a man drew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
tickety-boo so we need also sing see
Topsy know everything
all right it is mailbag day tomorrow so
get your questions and now ask about
anything you want religion politics your
personal life the answers are guaranteed
100% correct and will change your life
sometimes for the better other times
what you do is go on the daily wire page
hit the podcast thing up at the top take
you to Andrew Klavan podcast and then
hit the mailbag and write in your
questions but you got to be a subscriber
allows me 10 bucks a month all your
problems solved it's a best deal on the
internet today also in a special live
stream is coming Monday July 2nd at 7
p.m. Eastern we'll be joined by a
special guest Jordin Petersen and we'll
celebrate Independence Day with a
Canadian I don't know why but the Daily
wires God King Jeremy boring will
descend upon us and host a new edition
of daily wire backstage with me ben
shapiro and michael but his name knows
to look at back on our country's birth
and look ahead to its future subscribers
will even be able to write in live
questions for us to answer on the air
that's this Monday July 2nd at 7 p.m.
Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific with special
guest
Jordan Peterson you can find our special
live stream on Facebook and YouTube so
do not miss it and we got Sebastian
Gorka coming up right in a few minutes
so you want to see that as well though
you got to be a subscriber if you would
just watch the whole thing here on The
Daily wire I don't know if you do this
but you know when you would use a credit
card it is very easy to forget you are
spending money until the bill comes due
and then you got to spend the money and
if you don't have it you get hit with
those huge usurious is that the word I
want you sort yuzuriha is something like
that the big big big interest rates from
the credit cards but with light stream
light stream is a serious business this
is not a fly-by-night thing they reward
customers who have good credit with a
great interest rate and no fees and you
can get a credit card consolidation loan
from five point four nine percent APR if
you use auto-pay you could save
thousands of dollars of interest
application is a hundred percent online
and you can even get your funds as soon
as today my listeners get an additional
interest rate discount on top of light
streams already low rates the only way
to get this disc
is to go to light stream calm / Andrew
Li ght STR I am calm
/ Andrew this is subject to credit
approval rate includes 0.50% auto pay
discount available only when you select
Auto pay prior to loan funding terms and
conditions apply and offers a subject to
change without notice
visit light stream comm for important
information about limits on light stream
loans and same-day funding so you're
watching the left just kind of sucked
into the great Trump trap right it
always works
why does it always works what happens is
Trump does this stuff he calls people
names he says things that really are
very quite rude you know it's like like
little Marco for Marco Rubio and lyin
Ted for Ted Cruz and now he's got his
after Maxine Waters with lo I a very low
IQ person says these terrible things
that really are impolite when the left
starts to strike back in kind when his
opponents tight back in kind they
destroy themselves when Marco Rubio
remember when he went after Trump for
the hands thing he started sewing these
small fingers and suddenly Marco Rubio
just looked like an idiot Trump can pull
this stuff off why is it and why do they
keep falling for it well I would like to
put forward a theory in the case of the
left I mean obviously we've got this
this thing that they've been doing where
they've suddenly become not suddenly
they're become violent they become
hateful they're surrounding women in
movie theaters throwing Sarah Sanders
out of a restaurant that turned out to
be much worse and we'll get to that in a
minute and and the left is kind of sort
of trying to get them to stop but
they're trying to blame Trump for it
Nancy Pelosi sends out a tweet in the
crucial months ahead we must strive to
make America beautiful again Trump's
daily lack of civility is provoked
responses that are predictable but
unacceptable as we go forward we must
conduct elections in a way that achieves
unity from sea to shining sea
I don't want unity in my elections I
want us to argue things out and then
vote against each other until we get the
people we want but never mind the the
thing that the reason Trump is so good
at defeating the left and the reason the
left doesn't know what hit it
and why it looks just awful now it looks
violent hateful is because they have lit
been living off the illusion of civility
the
lucien of civility which days which is
supported by a news a news media a
Hollywood and act Academy that literally
does not itself know how uncivil they
have been for the last 50 years what is
the worst thing the worst thing you can
call a person in America today what is
the ugliest worst thing you can call a
person in America day used to be when I
was a kid II used to be that you were
gay you know you called somebody gay
that was really a low thing you could
sue somebody just for saying it just for
suggesting it now obviously that's
that's a compliment now but but which is
fine Nobel won't know it but the worst
thing you can say about somebody is that
he's racist okay that is what they say
about everything we think we say oh you
know or bigoted in some other way we say
you know what it would be a good thing
if we enforce our laws at the border
well that's the only reason you want to
do that because of people coming over
the border of brown you know we got
plenty of brown people these brown
people aren't our citizens I don't care
what color they are they aren't citizens
they're breaking the law you know so if
you assume that everything we say is
racist you don't have to argue with us
you don't have to argue it's just it's
just an insult you know the Supreme
Court just before I came in they handed
down another one of these 5-4 decisions
every time I see one of these things I
think remember when the nevertrump errs
were saying oh you just think it's good
because of course egde but go edge but
yeah oh pretty good appointment there of
course I had another one of these 5-4
decisions in which they said Trump's
travel ban is in fact legitimate and the
argument against this the incredibly
stupid argument against this was that
because Trump said things during the
campaign that sounded like he wanted to
ban all Muslims in fact at one point I
thought he did say Ben all Muslims until
we figure out what's going on that's
what he said they just have a pause and
Muslim immigration but the travel ban
didn't actually do that so you had like
Sotomayor saying this repackaging of the
band as little to cleanse the policy of
the appearance of discrimination that
the president's words have created she
wanted to knock this thing down on the
appearance of of discrimination but
everything to the left is discriminatory
and what we say that this is a travel
ban is very similar to Brock
Obama wanted the same travel ban to get
countries that have a lot of terrorists
to make sure we double-check them before
they come over and are into our country
it is not this is another thing they
call us bigoted when we raise the
question does Islam have beliefs that
are antithetical to Western culture but
Islam is a belief system not every
belief is in keeping with Western
culture that is not bigotry to say that
if there were a country called Nazi land
there would be plenty of nice people who
lived there but there would be Nazis and
if they wanted to come in you would have
to ask yourself the question does Nazism
is Nazism in keeping with Western
civilization no it's not ok so with
Islam it's fair to ask this question
when they are at war with every single
person who is on their borders including
other Muslims it is fair to ask the
question can can we inspect this can we
ask that no matter what we say its
bigotry so if you say if you know if you
talk about if you talk about gay people
and obviously listen I have I have come
out in favor of gay rights again and
again you guys have argued with me a lot
I respect your opinions I understand you
know it's there's always this tension in
American society in any free society
between individual rights and the
greater culture so you know it's not
like you write to me and I think oh
you're evil homophobes I think no I get
it you have a really good good point to
make I come down on the side of
individual rights more often than I do
on the side of the greater culture I
kind of feel like the greater culture
can accept individual rights but I
understand your concerns I get it what
we discuss it that's why we're
conservatives because we discussed
things and we talk about things but
immediately you go to the oh it's
homophobia you're a bigot you're nasty
and all this stuff yeah it's the it's a
deal the illusion that you're a civil so
when Trump starts fighting back he is
fighting back on their own terms he is
kind of like for most of us cuz I'm a
really polite individual I actually am
when for most of us it's like hi getting
a bully at school to fight the other
bullies who are picking on you
for 30 years 40 years 50 years we've
listened to your racist you're a
homophobe you're a-- this ofoh be
rosamma phob you're a bigot it's the
nastiest thing you can say about a
person there's no civility about that it
doesn't matter if you put it politely it
doesn't matter if you say it in a soft
voice if every app in
I have seen the only reason you can
think of I have that opinion because I'm
a bigot because I hate women because I
hate gays you are not being civil you
are being offensive and insulting and
dismissive and cruel and when I say you
know what you guys because you're the
NBC because you're ABC because you're
CBS your voice is so much bigger than
mine I don't have a voice to strike back
with oh wait a minute here's Donald
Trump that's not that is not being
uncivil that has been uncivil back all
right and that's why it works because
then when when they come out and they
start to attack Sarah centers they're
just being who they've always been when
they surround the pat pat Bondi in in
Florida and they spit on her and they
scream it or they that just being who
they've always been so he's exposing
them for who they are that's why it
makes them look so bad you know I don't
know about you I'm sure that you do the
same thing I take my pictures with my
phone
I don't have a you know I was in
Rochester New York and I saw Kodak and
Kodak used to be the biggest company on
earth went out of business because they
did not get digital cameras now I take
all my pictures with my phone but then
what happens they stay in your phone
they kind of they get into your computer
maybe and then you lose them where they
go your computer crashes you've lost
everything keepsake frames is the easy
way to frame photos from your phone in
seconds it's easy you just download the
keepsake frames app upload a photo
choose a frame it's done keepsake frames
are shipped direct from the studio so
the prices start at just 25 bucks and
shipping is always free keepsake frames
bring your digital photos to life
without the time or cost of going to a
frame shop and now through July 4th
they're offering an incredible deal for
our listeners 30% off your first order
when you use promo code clayvin download
the keepsake frames app and get 30% off
plus free shipping when you use promo
code clayvin that's 30% off with the
keepsake frames app promo code clayvin
and we know them asking always the
musical questions how do you spell
Clavin it's que la vie a n so let's you
know this thing with Sara Sanders was
much worse she goes to the Red Hand in
Lexington Virginia what was it 11 East
Washington Street just in case you want
to drop in
and she goes there they tell her to
leave but it was worse she was with her
family here is Mike Huckabee Sarah's dad
telling what happened after they threw
her out once Sarah and her family left
and of course Sarah was asked to please
vacate Sarah and her husband just went
home they had sort of had enough but the
rest of her family went across the
street to a different restaurant the
owner of the red hen because nobody's
told this then followed them across the
street called people and organized a
protest yelling and screaming at them
from outside the other restaurant and
creating this scene one of the members
of Sarah's in-laws who were there by the
way most of her in-laws not her
mother-in-law and father-in-law but most
of them are very liberal and one of them
walked out and said look I don't like
Trump I'm not a supporter I'm a far
considered liberal but you guys are
embarrassing me and you're not helping
the cause it was ironic that you know
and he said Sarah's not even here you're
yelling and screaming at somebody who's
not here this is what the left has been
reduced to it's it's really tragic it's
I don't know if tragic is the word but
it is embarrassing because it's who they
are because it is really you know
obviously not everybody who votes
Democrat is like this but so many people
because they hang out with only people
they know see the the right doesn't have
this problem because we're surrounded by
Hollywood because we're surrounded by
the Academy because we're surrounded by
journalists we hear left-wing arguments
all the time we learn to fight them in
our minds we learned to think back
against them they never hear from us
they do not understand is that so much
of what they say is offensive they do
not understand how deeply deeply cutting
mean cruel and stupid it is to respond
to every opinion to disagree with by
calling it racist they don't get it and
so when they he's talking about them
chasing a left-wing couple right his
Sarah's other in-laws right they're
talking about chasing a left-wing couple
and these left when you're saying to
this is you know you're you're coming
your own at this point and yet and yet
if you go on MSNBC where the Liberals
gather right they are defending this
they are defending it let's take a look
at the cut number one if there are
babies and cages over here are you still
going to be able to go out in polite
society and have dinner with the
Democratic citizens of your country you
reap what you sow
the folks who work for him who are part
of this remarkably unconventional
administration and that's putting it as
politely as I can on a Monday I don't
think should be surprised at this
reaction I mean our folks surprised at
what they've gotten did they not know
what they were voting for in terms of
tone tenor or substance all of it I
think the Trump administration lecturing
anyone Trump administration and their
allies lecturing anyone on civility is
ridiculous you know what let's talk
about something that actually matters in
people's lives which is these kids and
their parents and talk less about the
treatment of Sarah Huckabee Sanders and
more about the children who are dealing
with us what an appropriate response
looks like how polite do we have to be
to people that are put on course changes
I would say that we don't have to be
polite to those folks I would say that
be polite discourse is inappropriate
when there are babies in cages but she's
being incredibly dishonest cuz there
were babies and cages as they got I love
the way they come up with these phrases
very good at it really babies in cages
during the Obama administration but
Obama wasn't shouted down none of his
people were shouted down he was the
light worker you know he was the savior
it's all nonsense this is just the fact
that they don't like the fact that about
that Trump is doing conservative things
and they are working that country is
doing better the world is doing better
our foreign policy is working they just
hate and everything they accused us um
this is the other thing everything they
accuse us of they do this thing about
Trump being the authoritarian Sarah
Sanders gives her first press conference
after being hounded out of this
restaurant and they say to her are you
that this is coming before they say to
her are you gonna do nothing is the
aren't you gonna do anything about these
the immigration problem but you know why
don't you just make a law listen to a
response
nothing they actually want to change the
administration is not changing anything
right now when it comes to Janine are we
walking around making up laws no because
we're not the Obama administration we're
actually trying to enforce the laws that
are on the books we're actually asking
Congress to do their part in the process
and pass new legislation that will fix
our immigration system like this so this
is the principal is complaining about
judges and saying that we shouldn't have
all these judges and people will come
over she just be put out but nothing is
actually going to change he's just
saying he's just complaining about the
process as it stands now things that we
have the ability to do administratively
we are working to do but again Congress
is the only one that has the ability to
write law we hope they'll do that so
they accuse us of the most vile things
simply for disagreeing with them that's
the first thing they accuse us of what
they are guilty of doing they do that
all the time but the other thing and
Comm possibly the most important thing
is the way they wrap us in the mental
prison of political correctness in order
to silence us you know there is a thing
that happened the other day with David
bossy you know David bossy from citizens
united a guy I know I like him he's on
Fox News and this is important it's
important that it's Fox News because
it's important to show that it has
gotten into the minds of conservatives
and he's arguing with a another guy I
don't know who this is exactly was black
eye and they're having a back-and-forth
about immigration and David but listen
to what David bossy says Michael Hayden
posted a picture of Auschwitz Michael
Hayden yeah you're out of your
cotton-picking mind we're gonna leave it
right there's ridiculous this is what's
gone on in America this is what we're
about now I'm sorry but the phrase
cotton-pickin mind is not up a racial
phrase he was suspended David Bowie was
suspended by Fox for a week because they
have to prove to their audience because
the left so owns the culture they have
to prove
their audience that that was not a
reference to slavery which is not
cotton-pickin is a word that people use
to get around round cursing basically so
they are outta your so-and-so mind
instead of you say you're out of your
cotton-picking mind it's an old phrase
if David bossy were a bigot if he were a
racist he wouldn't have used it he would
have been too careful not to expose
himself but because he's dealing with
this man as man to man he's dealing with
a man to man he said to him what he
would have said to me he said the same
thing to him that he would have said to
me and yet they can't are anything the
guitar I said tartar is black I mean
come on now you're saying are you saying
black is bad because it started you know
I mean come on they can do anything and
because they have rapped people in this
mental prison because they've made it
there they have seized the the
linguistic high ground they have they
can tell us when we've been bigoted even
though we haven't been that to is
uncivil that too is only an illusion of
civility what can left to say that we
can accuse them of being racist nothing
when when Harry Reid said racist things
about Obama when Joe Biden said racist
things about I was just a gaffe it was
just a mistake but if David bossy says
cotton-pickin mind a phrase with
absolutely no racial connotation
whatsoever he's suspended for a week
that's the other thing that is the other
ceiling the other glass cage the Donald
Trump is broken through and why when
they oppose him they make themselves
look bad because they are only exposing
themselves for what they are our friends
at wandering who also do podcast and do
some terrific podcasts they have one
that has got a terrific story to tell
it's called inside jaws and it takes you
on an immersive journey through the
making of 1975 pulse-pounding hit film
jaws the first ever summer blockbuster
you'll follow one of the most prolific
filmmakers in history Steven Spielberg
from the making of his first
8-millimeter Western as a young boy
scout to the rocky production and ground
make breaking release of a movie that
changed the film industry forever and it
stills a healthy fear of the water and
millions of people around the world to
this day this is a tale of guts and
glory you won't want to miss I know part
of the story it's an amazing story and
this film I saw this film in the
theaters when it came out to show you
how old I am I walked out of there
shock that wasn't underwater it was so
immersive it's a great story so here the
first two episodes right now by
subscribing to inside jaws on Apple
podcast or heading to wonder e dot F M
slash inside jaws or you can listen to
the first four episodes ad free by
signing up for one during plus at wonder
e-comm slash plus
that's wo n D ery dot-com slash PL u s
you know another Supreme Court decision
that came out allows Cal in California
they tried to force crisis pregnancy
centers that don't want you to have an
abortion they tried to force them to
refer you to abortion clinics and the
Supreme Court said no that is a an
attack on free speech but once again it
was a 5-4 decision so when we're dealing
with the Constitution you wanted to turn
to your left
E's dictionary to find out what the
Constitution means to them here's our
third entry every other Tuesday they
come out here's a third entry in my
lefties dictionary c is for Constitution
c is for Constitution according to
leftists a Constitution is the sacred
law of the land a queef to us for the
greatest political thinkers of all time
no I'm kidding they hate it you see the
Constitution enumerates or specifies the
powers of the federal government so that
Americans know that all other powers not
mentioned in the Constitution belong to
the individual and the state and local
governments that's not so good for
leftist because they want the federal
government to be able to control and
limit your businesses your associations
your speech your religious practices and
anything else they don't like now the
Constitution would prevent that but
fortunately according to leftists
a Constitution is a living document it's
not like other boring old documents that
just lie around with words on them that
have the same old meanings all the time
no as a living document the Constitution
can just wake up in the middle of the
night drift into its study and entirely
rewrite itself so that by morning you'd
hardly you
recognize it for instance the
Constitution used to give the federal
government absolutely no power to
regulate what laws the states made
regarding sex or marriage or abortion
and that was no good because left us
know exactly what everyone should think
and do about sex and marriage and
abortion so there shouldn't be any
disagreement allowed but remember the
Constitution survived so one day a
living Constitution was sitting out on
the back porch washing down a breeze
smeared slice of almond cake with a
glass of chardonnay when suddenly it had
a wonderful idea
and left up from the porch swing so very
quickly that the New Yorker fell from
its lap before he even had a chance to
finish the thirty thousand word essay on
the life of French feminists
lithographer Louise airView I know the
Constitution said I'll just insert some
new words into the penumbra of my
emanations you won't be able to see the
words in fact you will be able to see
the penumbra's and emanations either but
you'll know the new words are there all
right because five unelected justices
will say they're there and that will
make them magically appear lickety-split
as quick as you can say democracy is a
thing of the past the Constitution
rewrote itself and now allows the
federal government to do just about
anything it wants yes a living document
is an amazing thing you can put all the
words in it you like and yet they still
remain almost entirely meaningless until
they mean exactly what leftists want
them to see is for Constitution
I'm Andrew Klavan and this is the
Lefty's dictionary I love that guy he's
hilarious
oh wait isn't Gorka coming up but we got
a break from Facebook and YouTube so
come on over to the Daily wire you can
listen to the rest there and while
you're there you can subscribe and if
you subscribe for a lousy ten bucks a
month or a lousy hundred bucks for the
entire year you can ask questions in the
mailbag tomorrow go to podcasts at the
top of the page go to the Andrew Klavan
podcast go to the mailbag
ask any question you want about anything
you want I will answer them and those
answers are guaranteed correctly we will
send you a parchment written guarantee
no we want online but you know we'll
send you we will guarantee that they are
correct and they'll change your life on
occasion for the better come on over to
the daily wire calm sebastian Gorka is a
military and intelligence analyst a Fox
News contributor and the former deputy
assistant to President Trump he is also
the author of the upcoming book why we
fight recovering America's will to win
which will be out July 24th Sebastian
you have not sent me the book yet so I
haven't read it but I will the minute I
get a copy I'll have you back to talk
about that how you doing good I'm
enjoying the penumbra I have I have the
best penumbra everybody says though I
have the best penumbra's and some
excellent emanations as well all right I
got so much I want to ask you about but
I want it I want to start with nobody's
really they're not covering this enough
I want to start with what's happening in
Turkey and in Iran let's start with
Turkey you they've just had an election
in which this clown that Scott or Dogon
has been reelected and now he basically
he has these new powers that make him
almost the this lone ruler what do you
make of this what where is this going
I'm worried that out of the one has been
watching your show because he has become
the god king of Turkey not only does he
have more than 80% turnout of the
elections winning the elections as of
his re-election he is now the prime
minister well no he's done away with the
office of Prime Minister and now he is
the president executive which means he's
the head of state and the head of
government which means he gets to do
whatever he wants I mean he he this is
the instantiation of neo ottomanism he
has now made himself the Sultan the
Caliph of Turkey and now he wants to
continue his project of re Ottoman izing
and destroying the atitude legacy I was
drew I was in Turkey for the first time
Christmas of 1988 and where wherever you
went wherever you went
you'd see statues
of atatürk you'd see murals you'd see
you know a marsh to the man who created
an incredibly successful secular secular
great yeah it's gone it's all gone I
went back a few years ago the statues
have gone the rules have disappeared
he has been erased from history because
now they want to re Islamize the the
state of Turkey and and make it
theocratic and everyone is unfortunately
succeeding he is he is a radical Muslim
and he does want to bring back the
Ottoman anybody wants to be the leader
of the Muslim world those like I you
know Obama grouped him that in I don't
know they I mean they had some problems
Obama and already gone but he everyone
but he said I think if you asked them
this is Obama speaking he said Angola
Merkel or Prime Minister Singh or
President Lee or Prime Minister or air
Dhawan where David Cameron would say we
have a lot of trust and confidence in
President Obama so he ranked him with
some of the leaders of the free world
what was his strategy in your view what
why was he giving credence to this guy I
think it's the same reason that when he
gave his speech in the al-azhar in Egypt
when Obama went to the birthplace of the
Muslim Brotherhood it's stunning to
remember this he had the Muslim
Brotherhood representatives in the front
row of that auditorium when he gave his
speech this is our Diwan is the Turkish
equivalent of the Muslim Brotherhood the
rieti ah critizing of a Muslim state why
did he do it everything stems everything
stems from the concept that we are the
problem that judeo-christian society is
the problem and America as the pinnacle
of Western civilization is the issue how
else could you explain that the first
priority the new president has is to go
on a global apology tour whether its
global warming whether it's terrorism we
are the cause of it all and and wreck
lumping everyone in there is just
another consequence of that fast
analysis not you well did bring up
another of his pals in Iran they're now
having very substantial protests I mean
very surprising protests now can you
remind people I mean they they had these
protests before when Obama was president
and he basically ditched them didn't he
yeah in 2009 we had the Green Revolution
where if you remember that absolutely
heart-wrenching video of a young female
protester being shot to death and being
filmed on her friend's iphone as she's
bleeding out on the streets of Tehran
the Obama administration turned their
back completely the mullahs reach entry
trenched themselves and not only that
what happened a few years later they
released a hundred and forty billion
dollars to the mullahs in this
unbelievably naive concept that if you
make Bashir version of Islam stronger
then it will help balance the Sunnis the
extremists like Al Qaeda and Isis it's
the equivalent of throwing nitro
glycerine onto a bomb fire to try and
put it out because hey it's a liquid so
what what exactly is happening now why
are they why are these protests come
back now so now what's really
interesting in comparison to 2009
they're not centrally located in Tehran
yeah the every every dictatorship gets
to a point paradoxically where it may
have centralized power but where it
becomes very fragile suddenly and with
the last five years of Iranian
adventurism around the region deploying
its assets into Yemen having its
generals run around Iraq it has spread
itself so thin that the the Iranians
back home are seeing the cost
economically for the Iranian adventurism
and now drew the protests are happening
everywhere and with with Donald Trump in
in in the White House he has told the
stately police told the State Department
to tell us concerns
you must within the next three months
you must stop import of all crude oil
from Iran when that happened
they're in big trouble because this is a
country that has one resource crude oil
and and you know Islam right theology
that's about its two exports so so they
are teetering on an economic brink and a
lot of the Iranians have just had had
enough truth how do you know I mean the
Donald Trump's pulling out of this crazy
Iran deal it could have the effect of
over helping to overturn one of the
worst regimes on earth yeah look he he
is not Donald Trump is not an
interventionist he he thinks what we the
money that trillions we wasted in Iraq
and Afghanistan us going in to change
other countries is crazy
but if other countries people want to
change their leadership if they want to
make it more representative absolutely
that's what 1776 is about that's how
America was created so yes by by pulling
out of the jcpoa the Iran deal by
recreating their sanctions regime that
may be that may be the last straw that
provides the possibility for the
Revolution of 2009 to actually bear
fruit today so let's that's while we're
talking about the president the Donald
let's bring this home and before before
we talk about what the left is doing
which is insane it there does seem to be
some confusion at the border today
there's reporting that they're not even
really prosecuting illegals with
families anymore it's almost gone back
to catch-and-release Sarah sander says
that's because they just don't have the
resources it is is there confusion in
this administration about how to deal
with this or are they looking for
something that they don't have no I
don't think there's this confusion when
it comes to policy the policy is clear
what there is is their manpower
constraints on doing what has to be done
there is absolutely you know I will if
there's a good book here I'll swear in
it they will never ever be catch and
release on our borders as long as Donald
Trump is president when he met with as
angel moms when he put those people in
front of a camera to say my children
were murdered ELISA these these
beautiful young girls parents we invited
to the State of the Union it's 15
year-olds murder
by gang members here in the United
States who had come into the United
States under false and false pretenses
that that commitment to the security of
their nation will never be diluted by
the president but you know the left will
use whatever you know whether it's the
cover of Time magazine
whether it's lying about the status of
little girls who weren't separated from
their parents they will continue to use
this as a hammer to bash the president
but at the end of the day I think most
Americans see through it do you I mean I
I'm wondering I'm wondering what people
are thinking right now I mean it's very
hard to tell what people are thinking
right now about this these attacks on
people like Sarah Sanders the Florida AG
women surrounded and mobbed
I mean it's painful to me did you see it
happening in America how far do you
think the left is willing to go with
this well look Bernie Sanders
volunteered took a rifle and a handgun
to a baseball diamond a few miles from
where I'm sitting and with a hit list of
Republicans senators and congressmen and
try to kill them all and almost murdered
Steve Scalise so how far will they go
they've already gone I mean we have
members of the black bloc the anarchist
group that have been assassinating
police officers in the last two years
going out to target police officers so
if there's one side of the political
debate that's normalized violence it's
it's the left Donny Deutsch think about
this for a second
Joe Scarborough Donny Deutsch on
national television use the principle of
collective guilt they said if you voted
for Trump you're evil you're a bigot
you're racist now drew in in the last
hundred years which regime most
viciously use the concept of collective
guilt I'll give you a clue it was run by
a guy called Adolf with a bad massage
collect guilt was the justification for
the Holocaust whether you're Jewish
whether you're a homosexual whether
you're Catholic you bear the guilt for
what happened to Germany in World War
one and six million people were killed
in the Holocaust the collective guilt
principle has been embraced by the
Democrat Party and that is very very
dangerous do you think the press I mean
I see it real
seem to me that the press is giving
shelter a lot of people in this and the
press are giving shelter to this kind of
behavior is there any chance of them
waking up or is it are they so immersed
I mean I I don't believe that there is a
single Trump voter in any position of
authority in any network news room in
the country I would almost bet money
that there is not a single person who
has the authority to put a news story on
the air who voted for Donald Trump
is there any chance of them breaking out
of this cocoon and thinking let's let it
let us at least address these are these
60 million people who voted for Trump
look I've never been to an a a meeting
but but what what what's the first step
of admitting of going through what's the
first step true you gotta admit you have
a problem yeah you gotta admit you ever
got when is Jim Acosta who goes on
television to lambast
a grandmother who called him out for
being fake yet she go after she met
Hillary's him for being fake news he has
to whine about it on camera what is Jim
Acosta gonna say you know what I'm fake
news when it weighs Anderson Cooper
right to say having a viewership of
600,000 people on the most popular CNN
show in America when there's 320 million
people who aren't watching my show when
is he going to say well therefore I
failed it's never going to happen as
long as you have people like Jeff Bezos
treating the Washington Post as his pet
vanity project then them the free market
principles of having to actually make
money don't apply so the free market is
not going to stop them that their own
egos aren't going to allow them to admit
that they are liars so it's just going
to go on for another 7 years so before I
let you go I want to ask you about this
one other thing the this trade deal I
mean this is the one place where a lot
of conservatives have their backs up we
all like free trade I like free trade
obviously harley-davidson moving some of
its manufacturer out of the country is a
very is very spooky you know we're
afraid let look Trump that has gotten a
couple economy going down the track like
a fast train it's amazing but
everybody's worried that he's gonna
start a trade war that's gonna gut what
he's done what do you think his plan is
here oh I know what he's planning okay
well I was in Singapore
I spoke to him look people need to
understand the the tariff issue the the
the issue of quotas has nothing to do
with trade country-by-country
it's a negotiating tactic okay the
president understands that the
International global economic system is
skewed not to favor America and this is
his messaging to get it back to where it
should be that's all it is true so in
other words he what he's saying is we're
already in a trade war I'm just when the
EU when the EU quadruples
the tax on our automotive products going
into their countries as opposed to how
much we tax them coming here who started
the war when Canada has a almost 300
point acts on us milk products that hit
farmers in America who declared war
first the president doesn't want a trade
war he wants to reset things but not
with a cheesy plastic but like you know
not the cheesy plastic but I mean that's
just a cheap shot Sebastian this anyway
come back when why we fight recovering
America's will to win your new book
comes out on July 24th come back and
talk about it then it's always good to
see it Larry thank you thanks a lot
alright gentlemen sexual follies
I think still makes me laugh I'm easy I
guess it's a sight I like all science
alert
sometimes collects different scientific
information so I love this they had they
collected what makes men attractive to
women something that all men are
interested in that says romantic
attraction is a complicated thing the
scientists don't still don't completely
understand but through research and
experimentation they've come up with
many ideas about what draws one person
to another and we've rounded up some of
the most compelling scientific insights
about the traits and behaviors that make
men more appealing to women so this for
your dating pleasure now gonna read you
some of these number one look for the
universal signals of flirtation
Rutgers University anthropologist and
best-selling author Helen Fisher says
that women around the world signal
interest with a remarkably similar
sequence of expressions it goes like
this first the woman smiles first the
woman smiles at her admirer and lifts
her eyebrows in a swift jerky motion as
she opens her eyes wide to gaze at him
then she drops her eyelids tilts her
head down and to the side and looks away
frequently she also covers her face with
her hands giggling nervously as she
retreats behind her bombs like I think
I'm having a seizure number two look for
someone in your league
men and women are attracted to people
who are as attractive as they are if you
go for someone roughly equal to you in
attractiveness it avoids two things says
one psychologist if they are much
better-looking than you you are worried
about them going off and having affairs
if they are much less attractive you
were worried that you could do better
see I think the problem here is the for
most men going after someone more
attractive than you is called dating
women most of us are way out of our
league already number three look older
women prefer older men if I looked any
older I'd be dead number four a light
beard women find a they find if facial
hair correlates not only with maturity
and masculinity but also with dominance
and aggression they like a stubble they
like stubble no wonder if these guys
anything has ever been on a date what
they're just making this stuff up build
muscle but not too much study from the
University of Cal
or Nia in LA women looked at pictures of
shirtless men and indicated which ones
seemed like they would make the best
long and short term partners results
showed that women are more likely to
want short term relationships with the
guys who had big muscles but they liked
the guys with a little less muscle for
long term relationship because if you
have a job you don't have time to build
up the big muscles be kind and not a
2014 Chinese study more than a hundred
young people looked at images of men and
women's faces and rated them on
attractiveness if each face pictured had
was paired with a word that described a
personality trait like kindness or
honesty results showed that the people
described with positive traits were
rated more attractive so be a kind
Chinese guy as the answer there
we're read because women like gay men
the others the others are pretty good
it's a pretty obvious maker laugh walk a
dog show off your scars not all at the
same time all right now you know it's
all there for you tomorrow is the
mailbag all the rest of your problems
will be solved I'm Andrew Clavin this is
the Andrew Clavin show we will see you
then
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Clavin
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
