this is another one Florida Attorney
General Pam Bondi went to see the
documentary about mr. Rogers let's come
out mr. Rogers who was the what would
you call him the ambassador of civility
right he was a guy who was talk about
bullying have talked about treating
people properly while she's standing
online listen to her description of what
happened to her a woman approaches me in
the ticket line and starts screaming
that I was personally ripping babies out
of the arms of mothers and they were
videoing me and I said I'm glad you're
videoing this because I've never agreed
with separating the mothers and the
babies and I said Congress has to act on
this matter and they said no it's you
these babies are being kept and then
because I was talking normally to them
they didn't know what to do
so then three huge guys came up and
started probably an inch from my face
screaming at me every word in the book
cursing as loud as they could so then a
trooper my trooper came up and my
boyfriend and I got our tickets were
headed in and then they ran in and
circled me where I could not get into
the theater they stopped me so he came
up in and stopped them so then we went
in the theater thought it was diffused
we're up getting popcorn at the
concession stand and they came up again
just every curse word in the book and
they said to him hey blue eyes come on
aren't you gonna protect her using a lot
of it you know a lot of other words too
so they start trying to start a fight
with her boyfriend they're terrorizing
this woman a mob is terrorizing this
public servant this lady
they're surrounding her they're spitting
on her they're cursing at her okay and
they think they're the good guys that's
the amazing thing that is the magic of
leftism the black magic of leftism is
that it allows you to think you are the
good guys while you're wearing a ski
mask and hitting somebody on the head
with a stick because he wants to make a
speech imagine the black magic of
leftism is that allows you to think that
you're a good person while you're
terrifying and terrorizing a young woman
