there's been a big brouhaha over the
weekend because it turns out that Sarah
Huckabee Sanders went to a restaurant
called the red hen in Lexington Virginia
and Stephanie Wilkinson who's the owner
of the redhead in Lexington asked the
press secretary to leave the restaurant
on Friday evening she told she
apparently today staff vote before
privately asking Sanders to leave the
restaurant and Sanders replied that's
fine I'll go one diner posted an image
of 86 next to her name industry slang
for kick-out so the owner of the red hen
restaurant has revealed why she refused
to serve the White House press secretary
on Friday night Sanders was asked to
leave the Lexington Virginia restaurant
where she was dining with her seven
family members and restaurant owner
Stephanie Wilkinson said she took a
staff vote before asking Sanders to
leave when they voted to boot her out
Wilkinson complied tell me what you want
me to do I can ask her to leave and they
said yes so apparently she started
texting to all of her employees about it
she said I'm not a huge fan of
confrontation I have a business and I
want the business to thrive this feels
like the moments in our democracy when
people have to make uncomfortable
actions and decisions to uphold their
morals well this doesn't really uphold
your morals to throw somebody out of
your restaurants if you disagree with
them politically but you know again it's
free country you can do what you want
well Sarah Huckabee Sanders then tweeted
out about this and she tweeted out what
exactly happened and she didn't call for
a boycott against the restaurant she
said last night I was told by the owner
of the red hen in Lexington Virginia to
leave because I work for the President
and I politely left her actions say far
more about her than about me I always do
my best to treat people including those
I disagree with respectfully and will
continue to do so so they're a bunch of
separate issues we need to separate out
here one is it bad to throw people out
of your restaurant because you disagree
with them politically the answer is yes
- do you have the right to tweet about
it the answer is yes three do you have a
right to boycott that restaurant because
of that activity the answer of course is
yes now when our boycotts appropriate
well I think a boycott of the red hand
here is not inappropriate the reason
being that it's appropriate to boycott a
restaurant or a photographer or a baker
for that matter if they're private
political perspective translates over
into their business now I may not agree
with a particular boycott but I don't
think it's wildly inappropriate a
boycott I think it's inappropriate to
boycott chick-fil-a for example because
chick-fil-a doesn't actually
discriminate against anybody chick-fil-a
doesn't actually have any rules that
blow back on anybody so boycotting them
over the private views of their owner
seems to me completely counterproductive
and stupid boycotting the red hen over
what they did to Sarah Huckabee Sanders
or even boycotting a baker with
with him I agree about same-sex marriage
for not catering a same-sex wedding all
of that seems to me within the realm of
permissible dialog all of that makes a
certain amount of sense even if I agree
with what one business didn't disagree
with what another business did
