so in the last couple of years that
perspective has come back to and poke
make you more prominent and also bite
you in the sense that colin kaepernick
obviously made big headlines with his
kneeling on the sidelines routine and
during the during the national anthem
and this obviously has become a cause
celeb now for a lot of folks on the
political left and obviously President
Trump likes to talk about it a lot and
it's become this very divisive issue you
took the perspective that Kaepernick
shouldn't be doing that and why do you
think that is because seems like there
are a few different aspects that there
was the police brutality aspect there
was the national anthem aspect where was
that coming from well I'll just and I
don't want to denigrate Colin Kaepernick
but he didn't come from where I came
from and he was adopted by a white
suburban family he is of mixed race I'm
not denigrating any of that I just it
just fits in to my point of view that he
comes from a privileged background
whether he acknowledges it or not and
his worldview is privileged and he
thinks he's helping disadvantaged and or
poor black people with what he's doing
and he's actually not they created a
calm he created a conversation about the
national anthem because nothing he did
was strategic again he thinks you can
affect change with emotion or with some
symbolic act that's not well thought out
he doesn't understand that Martin Luther
King and the people the civil rights
movement that was a very strategic
executed plan we're gonna there was Rosa
Parks wasn't the first person to not
give up her seat on the bus another
woman who had a CH illegitimate child
did it first but they understood that
didn't work well politically so let's
have Rosa do it and that will start the
bus striking but so I just think
Kaepernick has done something that's
unplanned he started a conversation
about the national anthem not about the
issues he's saying he's trying to
address and I think it's because he just
doesn't know what he doesn't know and I
see social media feeding his lack of
knowledge and anybody that tries to step
in and
hey Colin you're making a mistake here
Colin there's a better way if you want
to address these issues there's a better
way anybody that does that get shouted
down as an awful Tom or a cool or
someone who doesn't have the interest of
black people when actually we're just
trying to say hey Kaepernick what you've
done isn't effective there's a better
way and perhaps because anybody that
knows Colin Kaepernick he's not equipped
to carry this conversation that's why he
avoids interviews he doesn't want to be
cross-examined because he'll fall apart
because he doesn't understand these
issues
