Time magazine proves you can't trust the
press political runs the worst story in
human history and Melania Don's a very
weird jacket i'm ben shapiro this is the
ben shapiro show
Oh many things to get to today first of
all I want to mention that if you still
want tickets to our events in Dallas and
Phoenix coming up in August check those
out at Daley wired.com slash events
because the tickets are selling fast
we're almost sold out in Dallas and we
are approaching near sold-out in Phoenix
so go check that out also if you have
not been sleeping well the reason you've
not been sleeping well is not because of
all the problems in your life it's
because of your mattress and that's why
you need to speak with my friends over
at helix sleep they've developed a
mattress that is customized to your
specific height weight and sleep
preference so you can have the best
sleep of your life okay it's not just a
generic mattress it's something that is
made for you you go to helix sleep calm
and take their sleep quiz it asks you
questions like do you like to sleep on
your back or your side your stomach do
you like the mattress to be firmer you
like it to be soft you like it heat
absorbance or do you like it breathable
and then they send it to you in a box
you unpack it inflates right in front of
you because it's foam you pop it on the
bed and you are good to go in 2018 helix
sleep has taken customized sleep to the
next level with the helix pillow they're
only pillows are fully adjustable so you
can achieve perfect comfort regardless
of sleep position or body type helix
sleep has thousands of five-star reviews
you get a hundred nights to try them out
as well so there's no risk involved to
go to helix sleep calm slash Ben right
now you get up to 125 bucks toward your
mattress order that's helix sleep calm
slash Ben for 125 bucks off your
mattress order again helix sleep calm
slash Ben we have the helix sleep
mattress in our house it is just
fantastic we took more expensive
mattress moved it out of the room
replace it with a helix sleep mattress
they are just that good helix sleep comm
slash Ben and you'll get up to 125 bucks
off your mattress order helix leap comm
slash means that slash Ben let them know
that we sent you alrighty so a lot
happening today we begin with Time
magazine so you recall that Time
magazine put out a cover yesterday the
cover of their new magazine is all about
wipe Trump is an evil terrible person
who hates children
I think this is what Time magazine does
every other Time magazine is some sort
of nasty take on President Trump
sometimes Meriden most often not so here
was Time Magazine's cover in case you
forget it was in fact a picture of a
little girl who was crying as her mother
stands there with Border Patrol and then
everything is erased and it becomes red
and then in front of her you can see
President Trump and then it says welcome
to America so it's a tiny two-year-old
kid screaming and crying and president
some kind of President Trump kind of
smugly grinning down at her because he
doesn't care about the children
well well well it turns out that this
entire cover is a lie not only is the
cover wrong about President Trump's
policy which of course has been the
policy in the United States since a 2016
court decision from the Ninth Circuit
Court of Appeals so dating all the way
back to the Obama administration kids
have been forcibly separated from
parents who are arrested for federal
charges it is also not true because this
girl was not even separated from her
mother so they took a picture of a
little girl and then they photoshopped
it in to a Allred cover with President
Trump in the foreground and it turns out
none of this is true the little girl is
from Honduras she was not separated from
her mother at all
she was crying because her mom was
crossing illegally into the United
States and about 11:00 p.m.
and little girl was tired and thirsty
according to Border Patrol here's a
Border Patrol agent explaining to CBS
what the actual story here was we asked
her to set the kid down in front of her
not away from them she wasn't right in
front of her and so we can properly
search the mother so the kid immediately
started crying as he set it down I
personally went up to the mother and
asked her are you doing okay is a kid
okay
and she said yes she's tired and thirsty
it took less than two minutes as soon as
she was finished she immediately picked
the girl up on the girl immediately
stopped crying
okay so the media took this photo and
they blew it up and they made it seem as
though the kid was crying because mommy
had just been trucked away to the Nazi
death camp by President Trump hey this
is what the media did they ran with this
story they ran with the picture they
didn't tell you the rest of the story by
the way the guy who's speaking there his
name is Carlos Ruiz so clearly this is a
white alt-right racist from the Border
Patrol who's talking about this
situation
hey here's Reuters reporting Reuters not
daily white at Reuters quote the
Hondurans hablar pictured sobbing in a
pink jacket before US President Donald
Trump on an upcoming cover of Time
magazine was not separated from her
mother at the US border according to a
man who says he is the girl's father
quote my daughter has become a symbol of
the separation of children at the US
border she may even have touched
president Trump's heart Dennis molera
told Reuters in a telephone interview
the letter said the little girl and her
mother Sandra Sanchez have been detained
together in the Texas border town of
McGowan where Sanchez has applied for
asylum and they were not separated after
being detained near the border Honduran
Deputy Foreign Minister Nellie Jerez
confirmed Valera's version of events
well not only was this kid not separated
from mommy it turns out that
mommy was falsely claiming asylum she
has not in fact a political dissident in
Honduras in fact she ran away from her
other three children in Honduras she
left them there with dad dad has a good
job mom was working they and yet all of
this was was passed around the internet
endlessly and we were told that this
time magazine cover was just
demonstrative of how America has gone
the wrong way about how everything is
falling apart our moral status has been
completely decimated it's been
completely decimated thanks to President
Trump and his evil and you see people on
the Left repeating this idiotic routine
odd ad nauseam so for example there's
this one woman who tweeted out one of
these stories that has now become
ubiquitous on Twitter where you ask her
five-year-old a wou question or the you
ask her $5 so this woman whose name is
Bethany Oakley she tweeted out I asked
my five-year-old if she wanted to come
to a protest with me this weekend
first of all the answer is always no
your five-year-old does not want to come
with you to a protest this weekend
because why would a five-year-old want
to go stand in the heat for some cause
they have no idea what it is
once I had explained what we were
protesting she looked at me with tears
in her eyes and said what if they take
me away to I don't know how to have
these conversations with my kids as a
bethany oakley tweeted out and then you
see this kind of stuff all over twitter
all the time this thing had 15,000 likes
and other 14,000 retweets because asking
woke five-year-olds about immigration
policy is the way we ought to make
immigration policy in the United States
I know that when I have a serious
question about health care I immediately
go to my four year old and I ask her to
break down Medicaid spending for me it's
it's it's a crucial element to know I
need to know what my four-year-old
thinks about the future of Social
Security but more than that I like to
lie to her it's my favorite thing just
like Bethany Oakley I like to lie to my
child I'd like to say honey if Social
Security isn't reformed by the time you
grow up to 30 you'll be living in a
deathly hellscape in the United States
in which small children are fed to dogs
and then when she cries then I say to
her honey I don't know how to have these
conversations with you I just don't now
here's the real way you have this
conversation with your kid your kid says
mommy are they going to take me away too
and you say no honey I didn't commit a
federal crime right that's the actual
hey that conversation because the
separation of Beren see kids it ain't
happening
unless some federal crime has been
committed in this case the lady claims
asylum and she wasn't even separated
from the kid some lady falsely claimed
asylum
she wasn't separated from the kid
didn't come up for political dissident
reasons and she wasn't mistreated by
Border Patrol so this story tells
exactly the reverse it tells exactly the
reverse of the story then the media
wanted to tell that the media ran with
it anyway because this is what they do
and then they wonder why we hate the
media they wonder why so many Americans
look at the media and say we can't trust
you they wonder why when President Trump
shouts CNN sucks and everybody starts
chanting along with him that people are
chanting that's not cuz of Trump it's
because the media have been fibbing
about stories like this for my entire
lifetime and it's not just with regard
to the immigration issue okay there
there's an amazing story today that
Hamas paid off a woman who claimed that
her baby was dead okay during the
Israeli in an Israeli tear gas attack
okay this is story from The Times of
Israel this is how they'll corrupt the
media our this is from The Times of
Israel a 20 year old Palestinian
indicted Thursday on terror related
charges told Israeli investigators
during his interrogation
the Hamas leader yeah keoson waar paid
his relatives who falsely tell the media
that his baby cousin died of tear gas
inhalation the story of baby Lila
gondor's death purportedly from inhaling
tear gas fired by Israel at the Gaza
border made headlines around the world
last month and intensified global
criticism of Israel's handling of Hamas
spurred violence at the fence on May
28th IDF forces arrested Mahmoud Omar
along with another member of Fatah so
armed wing the al-aqsa Martyrs Brigades
it's a terrorist group after they
attempted to infiltrate into Israel and
torsional unmanned IDF post Omar had
been acting as the lookout the group did
not manage to carry out the attack as
they came under IDF fire during his
questioning umar told interrogators the
details of the planned attack and
detailed his involvement in other terror
related activities the suspect also
disclosed that he was related to Lyla
Ghandour the eight month old baby whose
May 14th death was originally reported
to have been caused by inhalation of
tear gas sprayed by Israeli forces at
Gaza border protesters the story of the
baby's purported death dominated global
media and it turns out that two weeks
prior to the arrest this guy was part of
the giant border riot and he said that
Lyla had died of a blood disease similar
to the one that took the life of the
deceased infants brother who succumb to
the condition at the same age in 2017
the entire media ran with the story that
Israel had murdered this child and it
turns out the kid died of a blood
condition and then you wonder why no one
trusts the folks in the media it's
because the media suck at their jobs
stop sucking our jobs and we'll trust
you more or when you get it wrong
corrected but running
blanket stories that are provided by
Hamas or running with stories about a
picture that isn't even based on reality
you know in which a mother put down her
kid for two minutes in the baby was
hungry and then the mother picked the
baby back up and then you take that
picture and you make it look like the
kid is crying about Donald Trump's
immigration policy no wonder we don't
trust you my favorite my favorite story
about lack of trust in the media today
comes courtesy of Politico so you know
that the media may be out to get you
when they start dredging up people you
went to third grade with I am not
kidding this is what Politico did today
Politico found some idiot named John
Muller okay John Muller who is the head
of a new Muller investigation he was
formerly a lecturer at Harvard Law
School which says very poor things about
my alma mater and he writes and studies
philosophy in Wisconsin he wrote a story
today quote I sat on the other side of
Stephen Miller's first wall Stephen
Miller of course as President Obama's
chief consultant when it comes to
immigration issues very close with Jeff
Sessions originally he was jeff has
sessions as chief of staff before he
moved over to the Trump administration
proper this story is just insane so here
is a nine hundred word story in Politico
by a guy who went to third grade with
Steve Miller now you might think well
maybe he has something revelatory to
tell us about Stephen Miller maybe it
turns out that Stephen Miller in his off
hours killed puppies in the backyard
maybe Stephen Miller was the kind of kid
who tortured animals right like that
would actually be like a relevant story
but no that's not what the story is at
all here's the story quote it was the
year he sat next to me in third grade
it's hard to say how much a kid's
behavior in third grade can really tell
you about the inner workings of his soul
no it's not hey third graders are idiots
okay they're their stupid little idiots
okay the idea that that's going to tell
you anything about the working of third
graders soul again unless they are
torturing puppies or engaging in
pathological behavior there's it tells
you nothing okay third graders like pee
on themselves they smell like I love
kids but let's not pretend that third
grade like I looked at you in third
grade and I knew from that moment that
you were destined to be the immigration
leader in the United States okay no
third grade was so stupid I skipped it
okay so here is the here is what this
idiot says surely the well-documented
indicators of Miller's alt-right
beginnings in middle school high school
and college have less impressionistic
connections to his current behavior but
here is what I remember I'm gonna read
you the rest of the story in a second
because it is so good and when I say it
is so good I mean it is so intensely
stupid first
I want to say thanks to our sponsors
over at the u.s. ECA so you're a gun
lover which means it's time to listen up
did you enter to win your brand-new gun
from the US ECA yet look you're a
law-abiding Second Amendment loving
American citizen that means you should
be able to protect your family protect
your home protect your neighbors and the
u.s. ECA is gonna help you do that right
now you're about to miss the deadline
they're gonna day giveaway ends really
soon you can get up to 17 chances to win
your gun daily but only if you act right
now it could be 17 kimber 17 Glock 17
Springfield 17 ar-15s
head over to defend my family now calm
to reveal which gun you could be taking
home today and hurry because today's gun
disappears at midnight tonight the u.s.
ECA wants to get more guns into the
hands of responsibly armed Americans
like you they can help educate you about
guns they can help provide you the
services you need in case god forbid you
actually have to fire that gun at
somebody they're here to help train and
protect the protectors so don't put it
off don't miss your chance cover to
defend my family now calm because you
could win a new gun every single day
again that is defend my family now calm
and remember you have only until
midnight tonight to win today's gun
tonight isn't that that gun goes off the
market it's a new gun tomorrow defend my
family now calm again defend my family
now calm you SCCA does wonderful work
you should join them regardless but
right now you have the added benefit of
being able to answer to win a gun which
is pretty awesome defend my family now
calm go check it out okay so back to
this idiotic article from from John
Muller and his Muller investigation it's
the new Muller investigation over
Politico because it about Stephen Miller
being a third grader because of our last
name Stephen and I shared a desk we are
not friends though we weren't exactly
enemies either our teacher Miss Fiske
had the class write stories each week
with vocabulary words and sometimes she
let us read them aloud I wrote a series
of stories about a mixed-up chicken
named Jeremy I am not kidding this is in
Politico I felt proudest that year when
I got to read my stories in class and
they made the other kids laugh but it
was difficult to make Stephen laugh you
understand truth is what it says not
joking it was difficult to make see he
wouldn't laugh at the kids mixed up
chicken stories this is how he knew from
the very beginning that Stephen Miller
wanted to imprison illegal immigrants in
Japanese internment conditions I found
him difficult to reach at all and so it
seemed in most everyone else he was
frequently distracted vacillating
between total disinterest and everything
around him my stories of course included
the person's really pissed at Stephen
Miller didn't make laugh at the mixed-up
chick of the stories my goodness yeah
hey total disinterest and everything
around him my story's included hey this
is a highlight of his life these mixed
up chicken stories it was all downhill
from the mixed-up chicken the story is
about a guy named Jeremy was a mixed-up
chicken and completely
why don't we trust the media I don't
understand and complete obsession with
highly specific tax that could protests
they could only be for performed alone
he was especially obsessed with tape and
glue again this is in one of the most
prestigious political magazines in
America along the midpoint of our desk
Stephen laid down a piece of voice
masking tape explaining that it marked
the boundary of our sides and that I was
not to cross it the formality of this
struck me as odd I was a fairly neat kid
at least at school and I'd never spread
my things to his side of the desk
Stephen meanwhile could not have been
much Messier his side of the desk was
sticky and peeling littered with scraps
of paper misshapen erasers and pencil
nubs
if this adhesive division kept Stephen
on his side of the desk I was all for it
as unfriendly as it seemed but instead
the tape became an attractive nuisance
Stephen picked at it with his
fingernails methodically in a mixture of
absent-mindedness and what seemed like
channelled hostility you could sense how
much he hated Mexicans by the way he was
picking at the tape in third grade on
his desk unbelievable this this guy's
insight is just incredible this process
left and if this process of a Faceman
left a thin layer of sticky grime not
altogether dissimilar from the rest of
Stephens desk he was grimy he was
disgusting in third grade
Stephen rubbed his fingers over this
layer of grime rolling it into little
gray pellets until it too was gone then
he applied a new piece of tape along
with a renewed warning that I was not to
cross it don't rinse but do repeat for
months when Stephen was not picking at
the tape he was playing with glue dead
serious guys this is actually an article
he liked to pour it into his hands
forming grime tilted glaciers in the
valleys of his palms blues rustling in
hand he deployed his deepest powers of
concentration to watch these pools
harden the first sign would be a
rippling on the surface as if from a
winter Gale this would produce a
precarious moment as Stephens urge to
stick a finger into the filmy layer
became palpable and his immobilized poem
began to tire okay I'm gonna continue
with this story in just a second first I
just have to say what the actual f okay
there's another 400 words with this
story okay in about 400 words of this
story about Stephen Miller liking to
play liking to play with tape and glue
at age 8 hey again the Muller
investigation continues right this is
the actual Muller investigation John
Muller's investigation into his time in
third grade with Stephen Miller quote
invariably Stephen succumbed to this
urge before the glue fully hardened at
which point the prior game transformed
into a new one the game of sprinting
still viscous glue crossed the remainder
of his hand then once the glue dried he
picked it off in long strips the glue
pulling the skin on his palm outward as
he tugged it with his other hand with
skin snapping back into place when each
strip broke off still the sticky
adhesive beneath the strips of glue
remained on his palm so Stephen rubbed
his hands together to produce more
little gray pellets which he collected
and rolled together into a mound this in
turn was used to blot at and thereby
clean or perhaps dirty his portion of
the desk
okay now you may be thinking okay well
so where's like the actual meet Uncle
Eddie like where's the where's the
actual meat of the story when do we get
to the part where Stephen out and when
Stephen Miller like kills cats in the
backyard look what we get that for
better or worse is the full extent of my
memory of Stephen that year at Franklin
Elementary School in Santa Monica
California where the sign out front
reads be a friend not a bully oh the
irony the irony that an elementary
school has a sign that says be a friend
not a bully but Stephen Miller turned
out to be the world's worst frontally
balding bully it's just it's
unbelievable I heard stories about him
from friends as we got older but I
wasn't around to witness things
firsthand I switched to a different
school after sixth grade what to make of
this now 25 years later we were all
grimy kids at some point of course with
sticky hands and short attention spans
but it is at least poetic that Stephen
was bent on building a nonsensical wall
even back then a wall that had more to
do with what lay inside him than what
lay beyond
he thought he was trying to keep out the
chaos of the world when really what he
was looking for was a way to explain
away the chaos on his own side of the
desk for that was where chaos had always
been that's an actual article in
Politico ok that's the--that's really
that's it now we won't find out until
later that the Muller investigation will
end with an actual P tape of Stephen
Miller you know peeing his pants in
third grade but it's just amazing like
why don't people trust the media I don't
understand why wouldn't we trust people
who decide the dat is print worthy the
National
quire wouldn't pay five cents for that
piece but Politico somehow thought you
know what what people deeply need to
what it's deeply important people must
know people must know that Stephen
Miller once took a piece of tape and put
it across the sensor of his desk when he
was 8 years old and then removed that
piece of tape and he liked to put glue
on his hands and take it off just like
every other third grader in the history
of the world since Elmer glue was
invented no it's just yes that but why
don't people trust him yet I don't know
I don't know it must be it it's Trump
it's Trump Trump is so evil Houck that's
all the table got that's all I've got I
try I trust the media more now because
I've read that story because now I know
that deep in the recesses of Stephen
Miller's mind is the little boy that
grimy little evil child who like to take
eraser nubs and stack them on his desk
who chewed on pencils who like to go
over and grind his pencils those giant
pencils that fit in the palm of your
head in that little then that little
pencil sharpener that you used to
actually have to hand grind like some
sort of organ Oh Stephen Miller
maybe I love you never change media
never change and speaking of stupid
things in the media so yesterday
everyone went nuts because Melania Trump
wore a jacket okay I don't know what
timeline we fell into you guys but it is
the stupidest timeline wait I don't know
what we everyday we straight further
from God's light so Melania Trump went
to visit a bunch of child refugees or
illegal immigrant children along the
border and before she got on her plane
and on the East Coast in Bethesda
Maryland before she got on her plane she
wore this jacket it's a jacket from Zara
that is $39 and it says I really don't
care do you on the back of it suffice it
to say this is not a smart move this is
not a smart thing to do right because
you're trying to go and demonstrate how
much you do care and now you're wearing
a jacket that says I really don't care
do you I will explain though whether I
care a lot about this jacket in just one
second first I want to talk to you about
clothing that you really should wear and
that of course is a tailored suit from
Enzo chinos so you always look better in
a custom tailored suit not in a $39
jacket from Czar's the
I really don't care to you like an
actual tailored suit that looks great on
you and that would be fit for a king
this is why you should go over to Indo
Chino comm they're the world's largest
made-to-measure menswear company they've
been featured in major publications
including GQ Forbes and Fast Company
they make suits and shirts made your
exact measurements for a great fit guys
love the wide selection of high quality
fabrics and the option to personalize
all the details including lapel lining
and monogram you can go over to one of
their stores I went to one over in Santa
Monica it's really a lot of fun you can
look at all the fabrics and they can
help you choose all your customizations
and then you you get it in the mail
right they send it to you and it fits
like a glove and if it doesn't they fix
it for you this week my listeners can
get any premium Indo Chino suit for just
379 bucks at Indo Chino comm when
entering Shapiro at checkout you don't
have to go to one of their stores by the
way you can do it online and send in all
your measurements they send the suit
directly to you that's 50% off the
regular price for a major measure
premium suit 379 bucks for any premium
Indo Chino suit that's Indo Chino calm
when you enter promo code Shapiro at
checkout shipping is free Indo Chino
kaam promo code Shapiro for any premium
suit for just 379 bucks and free
shipping that's the suit that you're
gonna want it's a suit that you're going
to wear it's pretty is pretty great okay
so Melania Trump yesterday wears this
jacket this I really don't care do you
jacket now obviously she meant to wear
the jacket there's a lot of talk today
oh it's just she didn't really mean to
wear the jacket like gee she just sort
of put on a jacket Melania Trump wearing
a $39 jacket the last time Melania Trump
wore something that inexpensive she was
naked on the cover of the New York Post
okay like she has like Melania Trump has
never worn something that cost $39 like
legitimately her pinky rings cost $39
right the ankle bracelets that she does
or does not wear right those cost $39 so
she wore at $39 jacket that said I
really don't care to you and so this
became the mystery the media had to
solve yesterday why did she wear this
why so Stephanie Gresham who is her
spokesperson over at the White House
tweeted up today's visit with the
children in Texas impacted FLOTUS
greatly if media would spend their time
and energy on her actions and efforts to
help kids rather than speculate and
focus on her wardrobe
she would get so much accomplished on
behalf of children hash tag she cares
hash tag it's just a jacket yeah well
listen Melania Trump knows what she's
wearing
and the hilarious part of this is that
Trump then responds and Trump jumps into
the fray so Trump feels that he needs to
to discuss Melania trumps where he is
just that he has to jump into
this is so funny so Trump everything is
so stupid man it's so dumb
trump tweets out quote i really don't
care do you written on the back of
milania's jacket refers to the fake news
media Melania has learned how to sinus
they are and she truly no longer cares
so her own spokespersons like you
shouldn't focus in on the jacket Trump's
like screw the media it's it's so great
it's so great in every way now does this
mean that Melania doesn't care no it
just means that someone was dumb and
allowing her to wear that or she was
dumb and picking that like that it's
just stupid right you don't wear a
jacket like that when you're about to go
visit refugees right the brightest move
this is the part where Melania I should
say that her command of the English
language is not that great right that
would be the that'd be the proper
defense here or she didn't see the back
of the jacket she turned it inside out
or something but like that like you know
is it a big deal mo did the media go
nuts over it yesterday of course is it
bad optics absolutely is it dumb on
every level you bet
but everything is dumb on every level
right now everything is incredibly
stupid on every level which is too bad
because there are some pretty serious
issues that are happening here right
some of the things that are happening
here actually matter right there the
policy with regard to our border
actually matters now president Trump has
it right when he rips into Democrats
when he says listen what you really want
is to release as many illegal immigrants
as humanly possible Cynthia Nixon proved
this yesterday so Cynthia Nixon you
recall her from being the most
irritating member of the cast in Sex in
the City which says a lot I mean you
really have to work to be the most
irritating member of the cast in Sex in
the City but Cynthia Nixon is now
running for governor of New York she
will lose horribly to to Andrew Cuomo of
course but she says that her program is
that she definitely definitely wants to
abolish ice right no borders so when
Trump says the Democrats don't want
borders and then the media says that's a
lie Cynthia Nixon pretty much just said
out loud what you're not supposed to say
out loud they're being separated
throughout this country by a nice yes I
think we need to abolish ice that seems
really clear they have strayed so far
from the interests of the American
people and the interests of humanity we
need to we need to abolish it okay oh
and in your solution to people crossing
the border illegally would be what and
the answer is the border the solution
may just let people cross the border
illegally so when President Trump rips
in the Democrats he is not wrong about
this here is Trump yesterday saying
Democrats are by not deterring border
crossing they're creating a child
smuggling industry there is some truth
to this people are suffering because of
the Democrats
so we've created and they've created and
they've let it happen
a massive child smuggling industry
that's exactly what it's become okay I
do like how President Trump announces
industry industry it's he doesn't just
to piss people off I think but he's
exactly right here and he's also right
when he says listen the media have been
complaining about the inhumane treatment
of children well what about the inhumane
treatment of children under Obama now
there was some attention paid to this in
2014-2015 but it wasn't on the cover of
Time magazine
Obama frowning down at a crying child
wrapped in aluminum foil blankets here
was President Trump going off on the
media you look back at 2014 during the
Obama administration they have pictures
that were so bad they had a judge that
said it was inhumane the way they were
treating children take a look at some of
the court rulings against the Obama
administration they talked about
inhumane treatment I read them I looked
at him they were all over the place
inhumane treatment they were treating
him terribly
okay he's totally right about this now
the left is of course responded by
saying that Trump is uniquely evil
individual cory booker who is just the
most I mean if Cynthia Nixon was the
most irritating member of the Sex in the
City cast Cory Booker is the most
irritating person in the United States
in politics when Cory Booker and his
virtue signaling he is just awful in
every way you remember when he started
shouting at who was it that he was
shouting at in his in his it was a
Kirsten Neilson makes perfect sense he
was shouting at her and now he is now he
is saying this is moral vandalism of our
values I love how everything that cory
booker says was written by Aaron Sorkin
here is Cory Booker we just have to do
this and stop doing this moral vandalism
on our values that you see is going on
that's just fun acceptable and it's
barely English but I guess the point is
clear its moral vandalism and then Nancy
Pelosi a woman who is for aborting
babies pretty much until your you
actually die as a full human being like
Nancy Pelosi is so pro-abortion if
you're 78 you've been born for 78 years
she still thinks that there's a question
is whether your mom should be able to
abort you Nancy Pelosi
she says this right here is outside the
circle of human behavior it's outside
the circle of human behavior dentures
are quacking around go for it Nancy the
president is either
not knowing not caring delusional and
denial about his own policies being beat
outside the circle of civilized human
behavior he's a monster you understand
he's an absolute monster and then then
then here's here's the here's the hard
part for Democrats jeh Johnson you
remember that guy he's the Department of
Homeland Security secretary under the
Obama administration he's sort of
admitted that in 2014 they expanded
family detention oops
when 2014 to deal with the spike then
with the families we did a number of
things including by the way working with
the government of Mexico and obtaining
their cooperation on securing their
southern border but we also expanded
family detention which was I freely
admit controversial oops
oopsies so it turns out that all of
trumps evil mattias policies well it
turns out the reason that they are so
evil in Nazi esque is because the Obama
administration was keeping families
together in detention and then a court
said you have to separate the families
and then Trump abided by the court
ruling and now Trump is is trying to
reverse the court ruling to go back to
the Obama administration policy and he's
getting ripped every step of the way
so in other words he follows the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeals he's evil he
follows Jay Johnson he's evil it seems
to me that maybe the Democrats program
here is just a call from people they
don't actually care about these kids
particularly much so that's that is just
ridiculous okay so in just a few minutes
I want to go into the mailbag in a few
minutes and then we have some stuff I
like and stuff I hate coming up and I
have many things that I hate and many
questions in the mailbag so the show
will be replete with content in just a
moment but first we're gonna have to go
over to Daily wire comment subscribe
$9.99 a month gets you subscription to
this show it helps us bring you the show
every single day it also ensures they
get the Michael mole's show and the
Andrew Clavin show if those are things
that you actually want and you get to be
part of the mailbag right we have the
mailbag today you want to ask questions
well today is your chance you get to ask
your question and I will answer those
questions for you and make your life all
that much better plus when you get the
annual subscription you get this the
very greatest in beverage vessels he
left his tears hot or cold tumblr also
when you are a subscriber you get first
crack at our VIP ticket so if you
actually want to meet face to face and
bask in my glory then all you have to do
is become a subscriber and then get the
VIP tickets when we have events in
Dallas and Phoenix over at daily wire
calm at slash events also please
subscribe in our youtube channel it
really helps us when you subscribe to
our youtube channel if you listen don't
just
listen go very YouTube channel and
subscribe that's because we have great
things like video of the Sunday special
right this week we have Jason Whitlock
on the Sunday special it is a great
conversation about sports in the NFL and
the implications for culture in our
politics it's it's a great conversation
you can check that out we are the
largest fastest-growing conservative
podcast in the nation
all right so I'm gonna jump right into
the mailbag so let's get into it all
right Kiran says I've recently been
labeled alt-right on a very public forum
by a notoriously pretentious sjw my
views are countercultural for a 21 year
old woman considering I'm a lifelong
conservative but I am nowhere near
alright I am apparently anti-feminist
only third-wave racist because I
wouldn't announce you're Arabs in open
sewage tweet after recommending your
show to set sjw and opposed to all
immigration face poem my parents were
immigrants and a white nationalist which
is so far from truth I didn't even know
how to begin entertaining the debate let
alone his BS how do i combat claims like
this or argue with a liberal about
anything without stooping intellectually
thank you for your brain
well thank me for my brain thank God for
my brain I didn't make it but as far as
but as far as how you argue all of this
stuff first of all I just like to note
that that tweet that you reference in
that email Karen I wrote an entire
column explaining that tweet and they're
a bunch of follow-up tweets that explain
that tweet this is like 2010 circa 2010
so just to give a little context for
that but beyond that the reality is that
not every arguments worth having when
I'm being being labeled in an outright
personality by an idiot sjw on a public
forum you should make your statement you
should let it go at that and then you
shouldn't waste more of your time
because the person's never going to
admit they were wrong you should
determine in every conversation what the
purpose of the conversation is it works
by the way in real life as well like I
tried to determine whether a
conversation is worthwhile here in the
office which is why I rarely deign to
speak to those around me I mean Jamie
come on very very few of these
conversations are worth it but even when
it comes to when it comes to my marriage
my wife and I have a great rule that I
love and that is tips dudes okay tip to
tip to the guys out there who are dating
ladies or married to ladies if you are
having a conversation with your wife or
your girlfriend and she starts
complaining to you about a particular
situation in her life
your first tendency is going to be to
try and solve the problem for her this
is probably not what she wants but she
probably wants is for you to listen now
I know you don't want to listen I get it
but the way to solve this problem is to
say is this a solving is this a solving
conversation or a listening conversation
and if you say that then you know the
purpose of the conversation if you can
apply that same sort of logic to all of
your interactions particularly political
interactions you'll be a lot better off
not every conversation is worth having
Joel says Ben even though
environmentalists are radical their
movements lead to better tech like LEDs
electric cars and biodegradable
materials can there be benefit
beneficial effects
of radical movements well sure I mean I
think there a lot of radical movements
that have had beneficial effects even if
their overall effect is a net negative I
would suggest that that you know the the
idea that efficient vehicles were an
outgrowth of the environmental movement
I don't think is exactly correct I think
that efficient vehicles were an
outgrowth of high gas prices in the
1970s and the fact that nobody wanted a
clunker when there were going to be all
of these escalating gas prices thanks to
OPEC choking off the oil supply this is
why you see bigger cars on the road when
gas prices are cheaper and smaller cars
on the road when gas prices get more
expensive with that said because the
truth is that environmentalism the only
way the environmentalism can really make
LED lights for example more fiscally
feasible is by artificially raising the
price of incandescent light bulbs I kind
of like incandescent lightbulbs to tell
you the truth but yeah I do appreciate
that radical movements if you channel
all of your efforts toward one
particular and sometimes you'll come up
with a few good good effects it's not
like everything that is associated with
a movement I consider bad is bad
sometimes they're good outgrowths right
the fact is that there are a lot of
vaccines that were developed originally
from an aborted fetus right that doesn't
mean that the abortion originally was
good but to ignore that the vaccines are
useful would be to deny science okay
Ariel's his hey Ben I'm a big fan I
could really use your advice I'm
volunteering at a day camp next week I
was told that one of the girls I'll be
working with consider herself a boy
sometimes depending on the day well
that's great she's five how do I
interact with her so I just go along
humor her as I would if she was
pretending to be a fairy princess or a
unicorn or say something most likely
after this camp program is over I won't
see her again thanks for any advice well
I mean it depends Arielle do you want to
keep your job I mean really this is a
priorities question because the reality
is I think that it is unhealthy to humor
the delusions of small children I do not
think that it is healthy if a
five-year-old claims something that is
factually untrue
I don't think humoring that is is
worthwhile or good my kids claim things
that are untrue all the time it is my
job to disabuse them of those notions
doesn't mean you have to be rude or
terrible but you have to check in with
the camp because it's possible that the
camp doesn't want to get sued or that
you will be fired so it really depends
on and if you're uncomfortable with this
situation maybe you ask to be you know
moved out of this situation maybe you
ask to to counsel other kids for example
or you have one of your colleagues take
over with regard to to this kid because
you feel the too moral to abide by the
rules that are set by the camp but as a
general
I think it's immoral to treat
five-year-olds with great respect when
they say things that are that are
actually delusional and humoring
delusion is not good for kids
fully 80% of kids who have transgender
feelings grow out of it by the time they
reach young adulthood
Scott says hey Ben do you ever feel
guilty about the abuse you lay upon
Knolls if not have you provided him a
safe space away from the daily torment
you inflict on him no I've never felt
guilty about the abuse that you lay upon
Knowles just as I would never feel
guilty about the abuse that I land on
Pol Pot or Kim jong-un I mean they're
just certain people who deserve abuse
and knowles is one of them and by the
way I pay knowles okay so for all the
abuse that I that I lay on Knowles he
ain't to worry about cashing the
paycheck apparently as far as the safe
space that is provided for him he does
have a small office off the main hall
here and we lock him in there we have
patted the walls so that he can really
have himself a good time in there all
right Brandon says hey Ben do you think
that religion as a whole could
experience a resurrection similar to
that of Christ and Bible or our
religious and communal groups doomed to
decline in the years to come I do think
that religion as a whole is going to
experience a resurrection and I think
that that is going to happen
specifically because there's a great
crisis of meaning that is happening in
the West people believe that their lives
are purposeless they believe that there
is no actual goal to their life there's
no Telos there's no Greek teleology to
their life and there's also no religious
nature in their life and so we are
bogging ourselves down in hedonism and
political anger and partisanship and
it's leading to a worse America and it's
leading to worse interpersonal
relationships so I do think there's
going to be a religious revival in the
country because I think there's
religious instinct in people that has
been forcibly removed from them by a
secularist society and I think that
that's a serious problem there will be a
backlash Jeremy says what is your take
on Milton Friedman's negative income tax
it's not something I've heard you
address from above your take on it so
Milton's Freedman negging Freeman's
negative income tax for people who don't
know is basically his suggestion that we
cut checks back to people who are poor
enough that they don't pay income tax
and his suggestion is that this should
replace the welfare system as a
replacement for the welfare system I
would much prefer a negative income tax
to the welfare system itself because the
welfare system
is quasi means-tested not really it's
too complex it disincentivizes good
responsible behavior the negative income
tax basically signs you a certain amount
of money based on the amount of money
that you are making to bring you up to a
certain amount of money it makes a lot
more sense
Milton Friedman's negative income tax
than the welfare system but any sort of
government redistribution
system is going to be subject to
corruption and political interplay which
is why in the end I prefer private
charity and local government as opposed
to a federal negative income tax for
example noah says they've been a few
weeks ago you said something about the
Establishment Clause of the First
Amendment they got me curious what is
your take on the effort to remove God
from the pledge currency etc is invoking
the name of God and government not a
violation of the Establishment Clause
I'd love to hear your opinion it's not a
violation of the Establishment Clause
specifically because the Establishment
Clause was designed to prevent the
imposition of a specific religion on any
human being so if for example it was
mandatory from the government that you
use God every time you went out in
public or that it was mandatory that you
say under God in the Pledge of
Allegiance or that it was mandatory you
stand for god Bless America or that it
was mandatory put your hand over her
anything that mandates the worship God
is against the Establishment Clause
there's nothing in the Establishment
Clause however that says that government
cannot prefer in general a religious
outlook on life to a non-religious
outlook on life there's nothing in the
Constitution that suggests this in fact
if you go back to the original founding
of the country obviously there are
prayers that were being given by by
people on a regular basis in the halls
of Congress George Washington regularly
prayed he gave prayers at his inaugural
address the it is also worth mentioning
that there were a bunch of states in the
United States the Establishment Clause
this is something people don't know
about the Federal Constitution the
Federal Constitution originally did not
apply to the States so there's an
Establishment Clause clause that says
Congress shall make no law abridging
freedom of speech or establishing
religion okay that's Congress shall make
no law it applied to the federal
Congress there were states in the United
States that actually had quasi official
religions okay at the very beginning of
the Republic and then over time that
sort of drained away
I think it was a good thing that drained
away but it obviously the Federal
Constitution did not bar even
state-sponsored religion like specific
sects of religion in particular states
in the United States originally so no
the Establishment Clause does not
prevent you from saying we trust in God
on our coins or something and if you
really feel that badly about it saying
we trust in God on our coins then I
suggest that you investigate American
history in which God has played a pretty
significant role Cassandra says is there
a historical figure or event that film
has not covered or covered well they
would like to see developed into a movie
if so who or what would you like to see
direct it oh there's so many of them so
I think there's a great movie or
miniseries to be made about John Brown
just because there's so much moral
complex
with regard to John Brown so John Brown
is if you remember from your Civil War
history John Brown was a guy who was
involved in something called Bleeding
Kansas originally in 1856 1857 there
something called Bleeding Kansas in 1854
1856 basically what happened is that
there was a bill in Congress they called
the kansas-nebraska Act and it suggested
that in that Kansas Nebraska were going
to be admitted as states to the Union
and the way that these states were going
to be admitted as either free states or
slave states is there was gonna be a
referendum held in these states as to
whether the states ought to be slave
states or free states and what that led
to was an enormous number of people
rushing into these states in order so
that they could vote specifically on the
issue of slavery well John Brown and his
sons went to Kansas and they they're
engaged in acts of brutal violence
against slaveholders who are also
engaging in brutal acts of violence
against people who are in favor of the
freedom of the states okay so he's
involved in that and then John Brown of
course took a bunch of his sons and and
some former slaves some ex ladies and he
went to Harpers Ferry Virginia and he
freed a bunch of slaves he thought who's
gonna lead a slave uprising against
labor holders in Harpers Ferry Harpers
Ferry Virginia and there he instead was
basically surrounded in a in a bunkhouse
basically his sons were shot to death
the other people who were fighting with
him were shot to death
coupled slaveholders were murdered as
well and and John Brown eventually was
hung or he was hanged rather and it's a
really fascinating story the actual
commander of the Union forces at Harpers
Ferry was a guy that you may remember by
the name of robert e lee so it's really
historically repeated is really
fascinating stuff and as the soldiers in
the Civil War went to went to battle
they actually sang the song the the
original lyrics to the the Battle Hymn
of the Republic you know glory glory
hallelujah that the original lyrics to
that to that song were not were not what
they eventually became they originally
the song was called John Brown's body
and the original lyric was John Brown's
body is a mold run in his tomb John
Brown's body is Mulder and in his tomb
John Brown's body as a mold ring in his
tomb his soul his truth goes marching on
so it's about John Brown who's an actual
rebel who killed people right trying to
free slaves fascinating fascinating
stuff about you know when is is sort of
zealous violence necessary was it
necessary in this particular case really
interesting stuff the other one is a
great question so I have another one
that I love I really want somebody to
make a full-scale dramatic
about the Frazier Ali fights there's a
great documentary that I've recommended
before it's an HBO documentary about the
Frazier Ali fight called ghosts of
middle that's quite good there's a book
about it as well that's really good
but it's Joe Frazier's tale is while
we're telling because he was a guy who
grew up in Philadelphia a dirt-poor
right Rocky Mount Rocky's character in
Rocky is actually based in part on Joe
Lewis on the Joe Frazier rather and grew
up in Philadelphia dirt-poor
Muhammad Ali grew up middle class in
Louisiana and Joe Frazier gave Muhammad
Ali a fight right Muhammad Ali was
banned from fighting for a cut for
several years and when he wanted to come
back Joe Frazier gave him if I didn't
have to at that point Joe Frazier was an
undefeated heavyweight champion he'd
have to give him hamid Ali a fight he
gave him a fight he encouraged Muhammad
Ali's ban to be removed so he could
fight and then he beat him in the first
fight but Muhammad Ali used that fight
as a weapon against Joe Frazier so he
would go out in public and he started
calling Joe Frazier a gorilla and he
suggested that Joe Frazier was a sellout
and that Joe Frazier because Joe Frazier
was very Pro America that Joe Frazier
was a bad guy and the entire black
community or at least large segments of
it swung behind Muhammad Ali and against
Joe Frazier who five minutes before had
had been a hero to many members of the
black community it was a real culture
war and that cultural war extended all
the way through the third Frazier Ali
fight in which the Thrilla in Manilla in
which Frazier and Ali basically went to
war they both almost died on the canvas
and Frazier really I mean he said he
wanted to kill all the in the ring
because he was so angry with Holly for
having destroyed his legacy and for
having contributed to his unpopularity
in the black community it's really
fascinating Lee was supposed to make a
movie about all of us and only did did
not end up doing it I'm trying I think
like this would make a good it wouldn't
be along the lines what he normally does
but I think that Peter Weir could do a
really good job with something like this
the guy who did Master and Commander and
as far as the the Harpers Ferry story
the John Brown story
Christopher Nolan would do an amazing
bang-up job with that because he could
do all sorts of flashbacks and time
stuff could be really interesting okay
so let's see I know it says oh where did
not okay Thomas says hello from the
Republic of Korea what are your thoughts
on the developments of space force a
worthy endeavor or a waste of taxpayer
money thank you for bringing reason to
politics and for all that you do
sincerely Thomas well first of all I
just love that there is no a space force
and I hope that I just hope that we can
ship
crates up to space force that's all I
really want in life
so first of all I think all the ads
should be cut from Starship Troopers
it'll be just fantastic and I love that
Donald Trump is so into space for so
listen I like it I'm I'll admit I'm fond
of space force I think that there will
be battles in space eventually and if
there aren't then we've all been
shortchanged by the movies for the last
30 years so I'm okay with with the idea
that the United States should be
investigating how we defend ourselves
from threats that our that our space
imminent Plus how else are we going to
ensure that that if there's an asteroid
hurtling toward Earth that we can
prevent it I mean are we gonna send
Bruce Willis up there with Ben Affleck
and if so why exactly why exactly would
Bruce Willis die to save Ben Affleck why
okay that's the real question there who
wants to save Ben Affleck in any
circumstance and why would Bruce Willis
do so foolish foolish move Bruce Willis
don't worry Liv Tyler will get over it
but you know oh well Andrew says hi Ben
I was wondering what your opinion on the
CIA intervention in Latin America is I
hear many claims about how this was true
imperialism of the United States even
that it should be justified for
affirmative action and open borders for
people from those countries was the u.s.
profits or to save Central and South
America from the horror of Marxism it
was to save Central and South America
from horror of Marxism McKay the
Sandinistas were evil okay the
Sandinistas the Marxist hands in east as
they were bad people the Nicaraguan send
in its Anthony says there were Marxist
movements that emerged slaughtered
literally tens of thousands of people in
these areas does that mean that all the
people the United States sided with in
those conflicts were wonderful human
beings no it doesn't but it also happens
to be true that the dictatorships that
existed in those regions pretty in
relatively short order you know speaking
in terms of global timelines devolved
into something much more closely
resembling Western democracy than states
that fell to - Marx his tyranny Marxism
is a great great evil and backing
freedom movements against marxist
tyranny seems to me worthwhile and even
backing bad guys against Marxist
movements very often ends up being
worthwhile in the shorter run than it
would be if you've got a Marxist regime
running a place I mean Cuba's still
being run in Marxist fashion so it's
North Korea Bailey says hi Ben with the
rise of the Trump wing of the Republican
Party with the ever growing extremism of
the Democratic Party do you see the
possibility of the American political
scene moving beyond a two-party system
not the way that it's built so the fact
that we have a first pass the pole
system in into
of how our elections work tends to
biased toward a two-party system because
two people are usually going to be near
the top of the list and that means that
if it's the first person past that pole
wins whoever has the most money in the
most infrastructure as likely to have
benefit michael says hey Ben I'm a fan
of the show I know there's been a lot of
criticism from the right and from
President Trump on Jeff sessions since
he became AG so my question is what
would be a great for AG session so far
thanks Michael
I like AG sessions I think sessions has
done a pretty good job I think that
sessions is an honest guy I disagree
with him about the drug war I think that
his is you know his words about
marijuana I don't agree with I'm a
scientific basis but I think that as a
guy who's trying to enforce the line in
honest fashion I don't understand the
hatred for Jeff sessions I think that
he's doing his best and he's trying to
be an honest broker I know that a lot of
people very angry at sessions for not
protecting Trump in the way that Eric
Holder protected Barack Obama but that's
because Eric Holder was not supposed to
do that that's not the job of the AG and
I think that it's too bad that people
now think that all of these areas of
government ought to be weaponized
because the other side has weaponized
them okay time for some things I like
and then some things that I hate so
things that I like yesterday I did a
Dvorak piano quintet so sticking with
the Dvorak theme I mentioned this
yesterday on the show the second
movement of his New World Symphony is
very famous you'll recognize it probably
when I play it but it is a magnificent
piece the symphony number nine and C
minor the the New World Symphony is one
of the great pieces in the Western Canon
it is just fantastic and the second
movement is just heartbreakingly
beautiful
it's just amazing music and yeah check
that out it's a when people ask me you
know what's a good piece for the
introduction on people who don't like
classical music into classical music
this is a great piece to recommend the
New World Symphony from beginning to end
it's just terrific okay time for a
couple of things that I hate so the
first thing that I hate is you know kind
of in line with that music Charles
Krauthammer passed away yesterday so
Charles Krauthammer died truly I think
the thought leader for an entire
generation of people who are growing up
on on political commentary when I say
that I grew up reading Charles
Krauthammer I don't mean just that I
grew up reading Charles Krauthammer and
I got older I mean that Charles
Krauthammer helps you grow up when you
read Charles Krauthammer you realize
this is a person who examined all sides
of issues he was a nuanced writer and a
nuanced thinker he was somebody who
really deeply thought about things one
of the things that was interesting about
Krauthammer that I happen to know is
that Krauthammer was not all that much
into the daily headlines I remember the
first time that I met him was in his
offices in Washington DC along with some
colleagues from Breitbart where I was
working at that point and he was really
not up on the day's news which I thought
was really weird because he was on Fox
News like every day and then I realized
that the reason he wasn't up on the
day's news is because Charles spent so
much time reading about deep
philosophies and ideas he was much more
focused on sort of the the rock bed
underneath the ocean that he was worried
about the ripples on the daily surface
of politics more than that he was not
tribal in any sense this is a guy who
was an independent thinker he had
interesting ideas on a variety of
subjects he was an animal rights guy for
one at the same time that he was against
stem-cell research
fetal stem cell research even though he
himself was of course a paraplegic from
that from the chest down he's just an
amazing him being I talked about him a
little bit when it was announced that he
was going to pass away
yeah he's somebody who I want to tell me
like when you're younger you want to be
a provocateur
right when you're when you're 17 18
years old you think that the way you're
gonna make your way in politics is by
saying provocative things you know
things that get the headline things that
get the clique I get it I was there if
you read my early writing it's a lot
more provocateur ish and as you get
older you realize it's it's less
worthwhile to be a provocateur and more
worthwhile to try and be like Charles
Krauthammer Krauthammer was also a real
craftsman of the word he's somebody who
really spent time on his writing and you
can read it I mean his he had a real
gift for making hard work seem as those
easily written if you read his stuff it
feels like this is so natural
read but apparently he went over every
column that he ever wrote something like
15 times and you always got the
impression that he'd thought things
through I remember you know if you
didn't know what to think on an issue he
was somebody who you always read and
even if you disagreed with him he was
somebody who is making a great argument
he was also deeply intellectually
curious I remember the second high only
met him twice the second time that I met
him I met him over at the preggers u
offices this is probably just a year ago
and he was doing a video for preggers
you about building the wall actually
suggesting that President Trump was
right when he said that we ought to
build a wall on the southern border of
the United States and I was talking with
him a little bit and we were talking
about
I guess health care was in the news at
that point and he asked me the
distinction between the Australian
health care system the Canadian health
care system now both are nationalized
health care systems and there are some
minor nuances to them that are that are
different like in Canada its universal
health care from top to bottom in
Australia you are basically supposed to
you're incentivized to buy a private
health care plan but you know I will say
that I felt insufficient in my answers
and I remember coming away thinking was
he grilling me like was he testing me
and then I realized he wasn't grilling
mere test me he actually wanted to know
and that was the thing about Krauthammer
he always wanted to know from a lot of
people who knew him a lot better United
this is a guy whose insatiably curious
intellectually and you know when he
passed away before he passed away he put
out a statement or he said I leave this
life with no regrets it was a wonderful
life full and complete with the great
loves and great endeavors that make it
worth living I'm sad to leave but I
leave with the knowledge that I lived
the life that I intended you can't ask
for more than that you can't ask for
more than that and maybe we all feel
that way when we go so I rely on high
men who's Jewish guy that just means
blessed is the true judge in Hebrew we
always say that when somebody dies and
you know I think that his work is going
to live on and the Washington Nationals
did a nice tribute to me last night he
was a huge baseball fan in the
Washington Nationals held a moment of
silence for him last night
which was just great okay so final thing
that I hate today and then we will break
for the weekend so I have to say do not
people who get deeply invested in
politicians I can't I can't go there I
can't go there politicians are just like
a plumber there people will have a job
and if you get that deeply invested in
politicians as the avatar of your
emotions and the avatar of your feelings
and the avatar of your values I think
you're making a big mistake we should we
should be invested in members of your
family be invested in people you know be
invested in people not telling lies but
when you get deeply invested in like the
personal travail
of a particular political figure I think
that we're verging on something that's
not great so here's some video of some
Trump supporters at a recent rally and
as I mean I started the show today by
saying the media have been lying
routinely about President Trump so this
is not about the media not lying about
Trump they do lie about Trump on a
routine basis but the sort of emotional
response that people have the President
Trump
I was true of Obama to on the Left I
don't think it's healthy for any
political leader family means a lot to
us so we have to do it I see you getting
emotional why is that because
he tries so hard
some people are so down on him um you
know listen I understand you're
emotionally invested in politics but
president Trump can handle it okay he's
a tough guys big strong guy
president Trump has taken a lot of
slings and arrows he'll be fine we
should not be so invested in our
political leaders that we start to get
emotional about what a what great men
how could they possibly be that's the
game that's the nature of the game you
get in the game that's the way the game
worked it is like crying every time a
your favorite quarterback gets sacked
that's part of the game now you may be
upset that he got sacked but you know
this is this part of the acceptable risk
of the game and I think that we all
ought to be a little more tough minded
about our boat and politicians on any
side of the aisle okay well we will be
back here on Monday with all the latest
i'm ben shapiro this is the ben shapiro
show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Senya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stephens edited by Alex and Garo
Audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Jesuit Vera the Ben Shapiro
show is a daily wire Ford publishing
production copyright Ford publishing
