three hey everyone I'm Alicia Krause
I'm Michael Nolt and this is Friday live
we have a lot to catch up on first of
all some people are really cruel and
some people don't think you will ever
have children because they think that am
I allowed to say that the euphemism the
phrase yeah maybe they think maybe I'm
not just efficiently masculine that's
not that's real man it's real nice
shooting something shooting yeah well
you know we I think in California now
you're legally required to only shoot
blanks so last week our question to
people was when do you think that our
newly Catholic newlywed michael knowles
is going to procreate and we had a lot
of people saying well if you're a good
Catholic within 40 weeks of the wedding
night
that's right it has to be yeah you said
to the minute you know that's right I
mean I will say to quote Telemachus it
is a wise man who knows his father so
who knows the second week in a row
you've quoted Telemachus I've quoted all
the time I just want to cover all my
bases this is a time of Michael avenatti
and Michael Cohen I don't I don't want
any news stories coming out to surprise
okay somebody somebody named France says
never because you're obviously gay and
then jk jk re that's fine
somebody else said this is michael
knowles we're talking about here how do
you know they don't already have a kid
thank you sir so he says never a lot of
peace catholic within 10 months will see
a pregnancy announcement announcement
versus baby somebody else says tell
Michael to wait enjoy the marriage for a
couple of years or so because kids drain
you of sleep and money they are a
blessing but I think it's just better
for couples to get to know each other
without the interruption of children you
know it is true I do kind of want to
spend all my money on fun stuff before I
have to put it all into like my
children's future so maybe I should wait
a little bit but somebody says that if
you have a son you shouldn't name
Michael jr. should name a pen name baman
so then like when your disciplines gonna
be the godfather it's either at the
baptism that would be amazing so this
week of course the large story in the
news was indeed the the immigrant
children minor crisis that's been at the
border right why this is the impulses
all that anybody cares about this is why
Time magazine had to find a girl who is
not who was not separated from her
parents
right on the cover so but the big story
not just in the fashion world in pop
culture but also I mean it's on CNN and
it's on Fox News it's on GMA and The
Today Show was the coat that Melania
Trump chose to wear yesterday we're
gonna show it right now on the screen
she decided to wear this coat when she
left the White House and boarded it I
think it's air it's not called Air Force
One technically if she's not on it but
it is there's a couple Air Force Ones
and it is claim anyway it's one of those
but it's only called did you know that
it's only called marine one if the
president is there an Air Force one the
president is there all that to say the
first lady chose to wear that jacket
that says I really don't care do you I
think it's like an $80 jacket a couple
seasons ago at Zara cuz I can't find it
on this RSI right now there are original
reports that had been a Michael Kors I
think jacket but it's not it's a czar
jacket you said that your bride likes to
shop there oh yeah every girl I know it
likes to shop at Zara and it's
interesting because Melania usually
wears high-end designers right so -
where's ara it's kind of like a fashion
step-down for her which means this was
obviously intentional right okay so
here's the deal I have joined me in
Krauss conspiracy corner okay I'm sure
not with three case by the way there I
think that everything that Ivanka and
Melania wear has a political tone and
message to it well you know it's just
unthinkable that media mavens like the
Trump's yeah but really anybody in the
White House would not understand the
implications of what they wear I mean
we've seen there are a lot of people
around them a lot of image people around
presidents and their families when you
when Barack Obama put on that tan suit
he was sending a message right went and
and every little thing is so manicured
of course this jacket was intentional
and I love the message by the way so
here's what I think I think it can be
two things at once I think one it can be
intentional and probably geared toward
the media like president Trump's tweet
said yesterday well and let's read that
tweet for everybody in case they forgot
it said quote I really don't care do you
close quote written on the back of
milania's jacket refers to the fake news
media Melania has learned how dishonest
they are and she truly no longer cares
so something I said to Michael earlier
when we were in hair and makeup
was that I
actually think that it was intentional
it could have been geared toward the
media but it's really dumb to wear it
literally when you're on the way to
detention centers to visit these migrant
children that have been separated from
their parents I think it should have
worn it during the stormy Daniel stuff
no I well I don't know if I believe that
would have been epic trolling it like
Trump level I don't know that I believe
the president's lying about that it's
about the media but I certainly was
intentional and it has so many messages
here one of which is the media because I
don't think anybody actually cares I
think people are pretending to care I
think if they really cared they would
have protested when Barack Obama was
doing far more egregious had a poor more
egregious detention policy in 2014 and
2015 but nobody actually cares they're
pretending to care because they can't
attack Trump on anything else because
everything else is too good there's that
level of it and on the other one the it
is true the nobody cares about the me
there is so much going on right now that
the media could be reporting on but
they're focusing on the little bait that
Melania put out there she said you know
hey guys okay let's let's do a little
test come and get it but if they're
focusing on it then is it a win for her
totally yeah it's totally won so I also
I have like seriously I've got lots of
conspiracies about their Couture shall
we say I think that her wearing white at
the RNC speech was a kind of middle
finger to Hillary Clinton and feminists
because white is supposed to be the
feminist color which let's be honest
guys you don't own the color white like
come on have no one done no one's
calling white feminists yeah you'd think
I would think it would be anti-feminist
because it's about purity and feminist
hate that I would just assume feminists
they like Lilith you know they're like
demons kind of going on stashing
children though I think that that was
that I think that when Ivanka wore the
white pantsuit I mean double right
middle finger to Hillary Clinton on
Inauguration Day and the remember how as
we were saying goodbye to former First
Lady Michelle Obama
leaving the White House everybody was
lotting her fashion sense and everything
and talking about how you know she was
like the the Jacqueline Kennedy of style
oh right I truly think that Ivanka's
look on inauguration day that very felt
very Jackie O was like a I'll show you
you know it's the first time I think
visit I think that this was intentional
from her
I think it is epic trolling but I think
it is really dumb and really tone-deaf I
I don't think so because it's only it
this is what people do they say well
obviously I'm not offended by it and no
one I know is offended by it but the
optics are bad is it bad for whom you're
not offended nobody you know is offended
for whom are they doing that funny is it
that it's it's probably gonna be like
polled for the midterm elections like
how did you feel about not just the
immigration crisis but Melania Trump
zakat and how did that make you feel so
the poll question right now on Instagram
I believe is was it an epic troll or was
it a blender yeah was it yeah wasn't it
was I bad I think it was a epic troll I
agree I entirely so the president agrees
with you and I that it was an epic troll
but here's the problem guys the
communications department at the White
House including milania spokesperson
said oh it was a mistake there was
nothing behind it what do they have to
say the POTUS literally comes out on
Twitter like an hour after that
announcement and you're like come on of
course yeah I mean because that's his
job to throw that spokesperson under the
horse yeah because he's got it he's the
star right all that all the little
people have to kind of do the normal
thing and then Trump comes and he goes
BAM you know punches him right in the
face so we're gonna wrap up with a
little bit on Netflix first we had the
Obamas inka deal oh yeah and now we have
the Obamas BFF and potential 2020
candidate Oprah Winfrey you get some
Netflix and you get some Nablus what do
you think by the way so they're pouring
out just tens of millions of dollars
Oh much money what do you think the
Netflix a debt to asset ratio is are
they just like I think they've got more
debt than like the majority of US states
at this point I really don't know
because they have so much money that
they're throwing like at the wall it's
like oh you have a movie idea bring it
here I think it's great because I think
that obviously Entertainment is changing
there's lots of Netflix shows that I
like there's lots of Netflix shows that
I don't like and then I can you know
hopefully their algorithm is shown on
something so they continue to make the
shows I like right but it is kind of
fascinating that there are people saying
they're not sure if Oprah is indeed
going to be the star of these shows or
if she's just gonna be behind the scenes
kind of producing them but I'm wondering
because of her buddy-buddy relationship
with the Obama
you know I also another conspiracy
theory I think the someone with you
within the Obama circle inked that
speech that she gave at the Oscars well
I mean speech writer to write it and so
I think that I think that it'll be
interesting to you know you know why the
crossover it had to be an Obama speech
writer because it was utterly devoid of
content it was all glitz and it was self
referential yeah just a self adoring
speech that is the definition of an
Obama era speech and I'm sorry we just
misspoke she chose Apple over Netflix oh
oh
Oprah's going to Apple alright well
there go Obama sure I still think
there's gonna be a lot of crossover and
can Apple then compete with Google and
Amazon and who is NBC owns Hulu right
you have Google streaming you have
Netflix streaming you know the best when
you have Amazon you know the best news
about all this Netflix Apple Amazon Hulu
blah blah blah you know what people
aren't watching NBC ABC CBS
those are done I love it thank you
Netflix sign the Obamas all you want if
you turn people off
mainstream media great but are they the
new mainstream well we'll see at least
there's choice though people can see
well you know I I can choose to watch my
show on Netflix
I never even have to look at that Obama
show got it I'll take it okay so you all
ignore comedians in cars getting coffee
and all of the Obama program I'm
actually kind of like comedians and cars
you know it's about certain episodes
yeah it's a thing I get to pick it gives
you this choice instead of the
mainstream media shoving it down your
throat that's what that's a win for the
culture okay so we want to know from the
audience what names would you come up
with with any new Oprah and Obama shows
on these streaming services so be sure
to Facebook it Instagram it tweet us you
know us comment on YouTube all the ways
that you can comment in 2018 and then
name the Obama show I can't wait to read
it I feel like we're gonna have to edit
some of the names out yes
knowing our audience that's important
but anyway that's a wrap for today
thanks for offering me your coffee
anytime that's golf fa that's pure
confession yeah don't watch out about
this we're in lethal don't forget to
comment send us your comments about
those names for those Oprah and Obama
shows and we will see you next week
you
