the modern feminist movement has this
undeniable connection to occult imagery
all the way the whole time it always has
and I said maybe maybe I'm just
imagining this who knows then I said you
know the main feminist
music festival explicitly a feminist
music festival from Sarah McLachlan in
the 90s is called Lilith Fair and it was
all female performers and there was no
men allowed rent and Lilith Lilith Fair
refers to Lilith a mythical demon who
snatches away babies in the night and
kills them so I that's a little weird I
wonder why they named it after that then
I went to my favorite website at the
greatest website on the internet
everyday feminism I said well let's see
if there is this a cult aspect of
feminism I bet I'll find it on every day
oh there it is said I I wonder if they
up and there it is the second that page
lines this is like the third article on
everyday feminism the headline is 7 ways
to use spiritual practice to heal and
resist and I'll just read you this is
the first like two paragraphs of this of
this piece yeah you can barely get
through it a handful of dried rose
petals an apple sliced with a spoon
piloncillo and a few drops of
sweet-smelling essential oils stirred
into a pot of boiling water this is the
recipe to my mother's love potion made
to attract self-love a physical
manifestation of love to pour over one's
body while reciting positive
affirmations she raised me with tons of
Remedios de la abuela or remedies from
Grandma from an onion on your belly
button to relieve a fever burning up
Palo Santo to rid negative energy to the
belief that loving yourself is a radical
act of resistance all knowledge that was
passed down to her from parents TS ET au
s-- and Abuelo's eb subway lows among
others ancestral spirituality is a
deeply personal practice it's a vague
term that essentially boils down to the
act of connecting with one spirit
through but not limited to Brujeria
herbalism astrology Oracle's and much
more double double toil and trouble fire
burn and cauldron bubble I
actually was shocked I did not see those
connections but you know you read that
that's like one of the main articles on
everyday feminism you say oh I guess
feminism does have this bizarre
connection to the occult
