let me point something out here's a
chart on catch-and-release okay so
catch-and-release
is the policy that pre-existed Trump
where instead of arresting everybody
across the border illegally instead they
would just arrest a bunch of people and
then they would release them into the
society and then they would hope that
they showed back up in court for their
day in court well in absentia rates for
released aliens initial case completions
fiscal year 2016 only 39% of people in
2016 who were arrested and then released
39% of them never showed up again so
nearly 40% four in ten frankly I'm
shocked that that it's only four in said
I'm shocked it's not seven in ten that's
a huge number of people right that means
that there were there were nine thousand
seven hundred and twenty-two in absentia
orders that were declared in 2016 so
there were almost ten thousand people
who went missing basically in 2016 alone
after they were arrested and then
released into society that's the reason
why Trump wants to keep them in custody
because the idea is if you release them
they're just going to run away which is
of course perfectly right
