the hysteria over the situation that the
border has now spread from NBC all the
way to CBS and Democrat lawmakers say
they are absolutely shocked that
President Trump is calling on them to
make laws to solve the problem standing
in the Capitol Democrat senator Jersey P
race bait told reporters quote you can't
make laws here this is the legislature
if lawmakers start making laws then the
making of laws will become the business
of lawmakers and we can't have that this
is America
unquote Senate Majority Leader Chuck
Schumer repeatedly shook a pen at
reporters saying quote look this is a
pen I am shaking it at you and will
continue to shake it until you take my
picture shaking a pen unquote Schumer
was suggesting that President Trump
should make laws the way Obama did with
a pen and a phone rather than through
the legislature he added quote if our
founding fathers had wanted lawmakers to
make laws they would not have given us
pens unquote meanwhile angry irrational
mobs seething with rage gathered to read
the news on several networks as well as
CNN and of course as always Planned
Parenthood weighed in with a tweet
saying that children should not be
separated from their parents at the
border but should instead be pumped full
of poison and then have their arms and
legs ripped off before their body parts
are sold for cash so basically it's just
another day on the American left trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Klavan show
all right it is mailbag day so yeah
that's how you know and you're there
screaming that means that as we start
this show you have terrible terrible
problems by the end of the show all
those problems will be gone because I
will have answered all your questions
wahoo my problem was solved by black
rifle coffee you know what my problem
was I cannot go into Starbucks anymore I
just can't the leftism is smothering the
idea that they apologize for getting rid
of trespassers that they are bullied by
you know social justice warriors I can't
stand it and the answer is black rifle
coffee
they sent us coffee this is coffee made
by Patriots by former special operation
vets so it's not just good coffee it's
good coffee made by people who love this
country and as they said that shouldn't
be a political point but sometimes it is
which is just stupid and invasion and
I'm cleaning that up these guys are
really funny they're great to talk to in
addition to great coffee and gear black
rifle has a coffee club that makes
things easy no lines no running out just
great coffee shipped right to your door
every month hassle free and they also
give a portion of their sales to
veterans and first responder cost
visit black rifle coffee comm slash
Clavin and receive 15% off your order
that's black rifle coffee calm slash
Clavin for 15% off black rifle coffee
dot-com slash Clavin I have just tried
the coffee it's wonderful and I'm going
to join the club and I don't get that
for free but I will join it
so I know what you're saying yes yes but
please how do you spell Clavin
you know what frustrates we with my
fellow conservatives what frustrates me
with my fellow conservatives that they
do not understand is every problem in
this country is two problems it is the
problem and it is the press and they
don't get it that press is one of the
biggest problems we have in the country
you know the news and I'm not being
reactionary I'm always warning people
about being reactionary just because the
left says something doesn't mean the
opposite is true just because the left
says something doesn't mean they don't
have a point sometimes they you know
even a stop clock is Right twice a day
but the problem is the way the press
plays the story and what they want out
of the story makes you so angry and so
and it's so dishonest and it's always on
one side this is part of this elitist
Western suicide group it's the weirdest
suicide in the world because they don't
kill themselves they kill you and then
they sit around drinking Chardonnay
saying well I'm sure glad we committed
suicide now you're dead you know what I
do is destroy Western civilization and
it's hard not to be reactionary but that
but it's part of the problem this is why
I appreciate you know it's why I
appreciate Trump more than sometimes he
may personally deserve the news right
now the number of Americans seeking
Social Security disability which a huge
problem under Obama
it's plunging right why because of the
Trump economy if you have an adult child
living at home he may be moving out
because that people more kids are
getting out of their house that was a
huge problem under Obama why Trump
economy the number of housing starts at
11 year high lots and
good news and we'll get back to some of
that good news but that is what we're
not covering because of the press and
this whole thing listen it's bad at the
border
you know dude do not get me wrong I do
not think I do not want to see children
crying and separated from their parents
at the border but you know what there's
lots of children crying for lots of
reasons children are crying in Chicago
in Baltimore and st. Louis because
Democrat policies have left them open to
violence in poor neighborhoods nobody's
covering that so it all depends on which
crying children you cover right and that
is the thing we have to learn not to be
bullied by the press and so my feeling
is look a Trump is trying to enforce the
law at the border to discourage people
from coming over I think that's the
right thing to do this idea and and you
know if isn't the other thing this show
is now covering the news one day before
it happens didn't yesterday didn't I
tell you that they were going to put
forward the Republicans are going to put
forward some decent solutions and that
Democrats are gonna say they will not do
a Chuck Schumer essentially told his
people do not sign on to anything that
the demonstrated do because we want to
keep the focus this was a quote from him
apparently I don't think this is
recorded but he said we want to keep the
focus on Trump and then he showed up
with this pin thing right because we all
know in America the way laws are made it
says in the Constitution the President
shall use his pen to write laws because
we do not want the legislation
he's offended that lawmakers should be
taxed with making laws this is clearly a
job for the legislature so here he is
shaking his pen at the press there are
so many obstacles to legislation and
when the president can do it with his
own pen it makes no sense Ryan the
president signing it attaching it to
things that are unacceptable legislation
is not the way to go here when it's so
easy for the president to cyant it's an
excuse president can change it with his
pen
Ryan Trump unacceptable additions has
bogged down every piece of immigration
legislation we have done it's an excuse
please don't throw your pen at me
without disputing the fact that this
could be quicker if the president were
to just sign something if if we're
having this conversation in three weeks
or six weeks I mean is when is there a
point
let's when is there a point the
Democrats would be willing to work with
Republicans say okay yes let's do some
narrow fees let's hope we never get to
that let's hope the president does the
right thing and solves the problem which
he can do that's the simple easiest and
most likely way this will happen how
many times has the immigration
legislation passed in this Congress how
many times zero it's an excuse by our
Republican colleagues who feel the heat
don't want to attack the president even
though they know they know legislation
will take a very long time and is
unlikely to happen and the flick of a
president's pen could solve this problem
tomorrow Chuck Schumer begging Donald
Trump to become king of America I mean
how often do you see that what is it
Trump because Trump has MSNBC reading
the Bible and now he has Chuck Schumer
begging him to be king what is the magic
of this please be king wait we can't
pass laws we're just lawmakers how can
we make laws we can't do it unbelievable
and as extra cover Dianne Feinstein has
written the keep families together Act
you know with a name like that it's
lousy so you read the press like Reeboks
right boxes is liberal you know outlet
every now and again they quote me and I
have to say they quote me accurately at
least they did last time so box is
saying oh this is wonderful all it does
is it reverses Trump's policy not true
this is what it says it's just dying and
every Democrat has now signed on to this
okay every single Democrat to for cover
right so when they go to their red
states they can say oh yeah we tried to
do this but the Republicans wouldn't
help us this is what it says it says an
agent or officer of a designated agency
shall be prohibited from removing a
child from his or her parent or legal
guardian at or near the port of entry or
within a hundred miles of the border of
the United States know how many people
live with on a hundred miles of the
border of the United States 200 million
two-thirds it's almost the entire area
of the country and when it says a
designated
that's any federal agency that is any
agency right FBI on the door there's al
capone with his kid under one arm and
his machine gun under the other
rat-tat-tat iing away and killing
dropping they can't take his kid away if
they're 100 months where's in Chicago
they cannot take they cannot take the
kid away so it's just an absolute
cover-up so all this hysteria right and
again it's a bad thing I'm not saying
that they should just leave the children
at the border I'm saying the Legislature
should deal with this by legislating by
making laws right I'm saying they should
deal with it but all of this the
hysteria because they choose which
babies which crying babies to cover
right I mean this is let's let's just
watch whether they have to stop for a
minute watch Rachel Maddow trying just
trying to deal with this she she can
deal with babies being ripped out of
their mothers wombs she can deal with
babies being shot on the on their Stoops
in Chicago under rahm emanuel she can
deal with babies being separated from
their crack-addicted mothers in st.
Louis and Baltimore everywhere where
Democrats rule she can deal with that
but she can't deal with those Trump
babies look at this this has just come
out from The Associated Press this is
incredible Trump administration
officials have been sending babies and
other young children Oh
to at least three
Oh put up the graphic of this thank you
do we have it you know three tender age
shelters in South Texas lawyers and
medical providers just think I'm gonna
have to hand this off just remember
every time Rachel Maddow cries Barack
Obama does this cuz it's all to cover up
what's mean expose this is part of the
good news is Barack Obama is being
exposed and that's why this is happening
right now that's why this hysteria is
taking place right now
so we're gonna get to the good news in
just a minute well actually part of the
good news is qyp toothbrushes right
because you don't have to when you
travel and I'm traveling all the time at
this point I've constantly on the road I
do not want to take a gigantic electric
toothbrush with me because it's like
traveling with a cannon right and an
electric toothbrush is important it will
get your teeth much cleaner but qyp is
the new electric toothbrush that packs
just the right amount of vibrations into
a slimmer design at a fraction of the
cost of bulkier traditional electric
brushes guiding pulses alerts you to
when to switch sides making brushing the
right amount of time effortless list and
quip also comes with a mount that
suctions right to your mirror and
unsticks you use as a cover for hygienic
travel anywhere whether it's going in
your gym bag or your carry-on qyp
subscription plan refreshes your brush
on a dentist recommended schedule
delivering new brush heads every three
months for just five bucks very
important and includes free shipping
worldwide quip starts it's just 25 bucks
and if you go to get quick comm slash
Clavin right now you'll get your first
refill pack free with a quip electric
toothbrush
that's your first refill pack free at
get quip comm slash Clavin spelled GE
tqu IP comm yes but how do you spell
Clavin it's que la vie en so Obama the
good news is is that Obama's corruption
which just went through every agency
State Department the Department of
Justice the IRS is now really being
exposed
they had Marc Horowitz for the second
day before Congress testifying about his
report he's the inspector general right
and he did the report on the Hillary
Clinton email investigation he's now
working on a report on
collusion investigation mark Meadows
came out afterwards and said that the
FBI seems to have he believes that
there's growing evidence that the FBI
altered documentation of witness
interviews in the Hillary Clinton and
Russia probes and as CBS News says that
that Peter struck the FBI agent then
loverboy who was saying all this nasty
stuff about Trump he was escorted from
the FBI
amid disciplinary proceedings against
him over anti Trump text messages so
stuff is actually happening the FBI is
responding even though they're
stonewalling Congress at the same time
they're also starting to clean up a
little bit I don't see how they can help
a trey gowdy
some of the stuff that happened with
Horowitz was unbelievable trey Gowdy
went after him about the how how they
could question how they could make
decisions to let Hillary Clinton off the
hook before they even interviewed her
areas given the fact that you and I
agree that actually talking to the
witness the suspect the target might be
absent a contemporaneous recording some
of the better evidence or knowledge and
intent
how in the hell was Jim Comey able to
draft an exoneration press release six
weeks before that interview took place I
you know I think it's clear from looking
at what we uncovered that by that point
in time they had largely concluded what
they had concluded and my question is if
what you're missing was knowledge and or
intent and the single best repository
for that evidence is the person you've
yet to talk to how in the hell can you
make that conclusion I think I'll give
you what the answer was that we got back
which was of course we kept out open the
possibility that we would find some
evidence that would change that that
view that was the explanation we were
given if that were true did you find
troughs of inculpatory press releases
how we did not see now that that's the
past I mean this is good news that this
is coming out because now the full story
of the Obama administration its failure
though you know all its corruption the
way it turned our government into a
chicago-style machine is going
come out and that's important that is
going to change people's minds it's
going to get to people it takes time I
understand it's frustrating the press is
covering it up the press is screaming
about the border to keep keep it from
getting out it will get out the truth
will out in this case and the important
thing that's trey Gowdy covering the
past but the important thing as I said I
think it was Monday is what's going on
now because when the DOJ turned over
some of these emails they left out the
shocking email in which Peter struck key
investigator in both Hillary Clinton and
the Russian collusion investigation and
the Muller investigation till Muller
caught him and fired him to Muller's
credit he was saying that we are going
to stop Trump from being president and
when they got those text messages that
was left out and here is Jim Jordan
questioning Horowitz about that because
that's what's happening right now a we
have Dino as we found these texts to
send them to the department and for them
to produce it to Congress and that's
what we did in May and who at the
department though we sent it to the
office of Deputy Attorney General and
mr. Rosen Stein in his office mr. Rosen
Stein made a decision that instead of us
seeing the most explosive text message
between these two key agents who were on
the Clinton team the Russian team and on
the Special Counsel team he made a
decision to wait a month for us to see
that that that text message I can't
speak to whether anyone made a conscious
decision I would just say we had there
was in that fourth recovery that we made
in May there was a hundred thousand-plus
lines of text to go through most all of
them we'd found before this one was one
we hadn't we didn't see it or pick it up
and told you and did you not see it or
was it hidden from you because we have
the text message right before it and the
one that happened right after it but
somehow that one the most explosive one
was missing from the pages that we got
months ago so remember yesterday I was
talking about the rule of law that the
rule of law is the machine that
preserves your equality and your freedom
okay and just just look at how the left
everywhere they operate is against the
rule of law they're against it at the
border they don't want there to be board
they don't want people to be prosecuted
for breaking the law at the border they
obviously just thought felt fine about
using the FBI to skew elections to dump
Hillary Clinton's investigation they
felt fine about that they feel fine
about putting judges on courts who will
not interpret the law but will make up
law from the bench they feel fine about
it the laws of America are getting in
their way because the founders did not
want what the left wants the founders
did not want what the left wants they
wanted a government at odds with itself
they wanted a government of enumerated
powers they wanted a government that was
so busy fighting among itself that left
you free to do what you want and then
and do what you could and live the life
that you could live and instead they
left has been carefully since the turn
of this last century has been carefully
building this administrative state that
is accountable to nobody it has been
using our organizations to shut people
down and shut your freedoms down and
it's being exposed and this is a good
thing you know you can say well Donald
Trump has all these flaws and you know
that I believe he does right and I but
but when I think of what would have
happened if he had not been elected I'm
grateful I'm grateful he's there I'm
sorry that you know we couldn't send a
Ronald Reagan I'm sorry that our culture
can no longer at least right now produce
another Ronald Reagan but I'm glad I'm
glad we didn't get what we would have
gotten if these clowns
if these clowns had been left in power
if Hillary Clinton had been left to
cover this stuff up it's good news that
that's coming out more good news from
our beloved nikki Haley I think I think
we've all got an immense crush on nikki
Haley at this point yeah I started this
I mean I just found I found it was like
S&M porn watching a slap around you
watch a beautiful woman slap around the
UN but she is terrific and she and Mike
Pompeo announced what is absolutely
great news that we the u.s. is pulling
out of the UN Human Rights Council that
you know I love these things that have
these names write names are important
right like you know zero tolerance what
is that well it's obeying the law you
know and so it's not really zero
tolerance it has nothing to do with
tolerance or zero it has to do with
obeying the law you know what is the
Human Rights Council
it is a council for attacking Israel
they have attacked they have condemned
Israel
seventy times right they were serious
this tells you everything you need to
know 20 times okay
attack Iran six times Israel seventy
times free country
human rights rights for women rights
from minorities all that stuff seventy
times sixty eight times I'm sorry the
Human Rights Council has condemned them
so here is nikki Haley talking about the
fact that she went to them a year ago
and begged them to reform and basically
said hey reform or were out this was cut
number four one of our central goals was
to prevent the world's worst human
rights abusers from gaining human rights
council membership what happened in the
past year the Democratic Republic of
Congo
was elected as a member the DRC is
widely known to have one of the worst
Human Rights records in the world even
as it was being elected to membership in
the Human Rights Council mass graves
continued to be discovered in the Congo
another of our goals was to stop the
council from protecting the world's
worst human rights abusers what happened
the council would not even have a
meeting on the human rights conditions
in Venezuela why because Venezuela is a
member of the Human Rights Council as is
Cuba as is China
similarly the council failed to respond
in December and January when the Iranian
regime killed and arrested hundreds of
citizens simply for expressing their
views I'm glad that she can't pronounce
the words similarly either because I
can't either similarly I can't pronounce
similarly and then she goes off on the
Israel thing and this is so important I
mean this is this is a bulwark of
Western civilization out in the middle
east and that's why the left hates it
they hate it because they hate
themselves they hate the west they hate
the freedom of the West they hate the
freedom that it gives ordinary people
those people that they don't know and
don't like and never see and and despise
in flyover country he or she is talking
about the Human Rights Council on Israel
there is the matter
of the chronic bias against Israel last
year the United States made it clear
that we would not accept the continued
existence of agenda item 7 which singles
out Israel in a way that no other
country is singled out earlier the
earlier this year as it has in previous
years the Human Rights Council passed
five resolutions against Israel more
than the number passed against North
Korea Iran and Syria combined this
disproportionate focus and unending
hostility towards Israel is clear proof
that the council is motivated by
political bias not by human rights
excellent news that we're pulling out of
that I think we should pull out of the
entire UN I'm sure there's some argument
against but I can't think of it off and
one more piece of terrific news that
I've been wanting to get to all week
you know the Southern Poverty Law Center
here is shore up Amaury a really good
writer writing in commentaries as few
left-wing pressure groups are as vicious
and mendacious as the Southern Poverty
Law Center founded in 1971 the SPLC
today mainly exist to smear opponents of
full spectrum progressivism as bigots
and extremists I was joking
the other day that they had said they
had called out Knowles and Shapiro and I
felt left out and I wanted you guys to
mobilize and get them to call me hateful
that we failed what can I say but but we
it's not all bad news because the SPL
PLLC the Southern Poverty Law Center has
been held to account the group publicly
apologized to Majin awaaz and agreed to
pay his organization the Quilliam
foundation some 3.4 million dollars to
settle a defamation suit because he
called Nawaz hateful Nawaz is a guy who
fights both Muslim extremism Islamic
extremism but also fights Islamic anti
Islamic hatred he is a guy doing God's
work you know and and he they wanted to
shut him down now because of this
decision some 60 groups are thinking of
suing these guys they should be sued and
remember Google YouTube a Twitter
Facebook they're all using SPLC to vet
and this is just a left-wing hate group
and it should be exposed to sort a lot
of good news out there a lot of good
news don't let the crying babies you
know drown that out obviously like I
said I want that problem fixed at the
border I want a lot of problems fix that
the left has caused that that involve
crying babies but don't forget that this
news is being amped to the point of
hysteria to drown out the good news that
is actually taking place all right we
got the mailbag coming up all your
problems will be solved
and if you didn't get a question in this
week you could get one in next week if
you would only only subscribe a last 10
bucks a month and you get all your
questions answered get answers
guaranteed correct and will change your
life sometimes for the better subscribe
for a year it's only a hundred lousy
bucks and you get the leftist tears
tumblr which fills up magically every
time I speak the mailbag just come pitch
forward into my with a heart attack and
art from Zachary supreme overlord
regretfully I missed the Father's Day
podcast when I realize I missed it I
frantically tried to log on to ask the
following question I am 23 years old a
few weeks ago my father who has a
history of drunkenness got drunk and
fought my 18 year old brother the
situation ended with him holding a gun
to my mom and him spending the weekend
in jail in the past we have fought and
this isn't the first time there have
been domestic issues although it is the
first time that has involved a gun after
speaking with him after he got out of
jail he seemingly tries to deflect and
shift the blame onto my mom and little
brother I could try to forgive him if he
would hold himself accountable for his
own actions but it doesn't seem like
going to as a result he and I haven't
spoken for close to a month we usually
talked two or three times a week what do
I do I find that I feel incapable of
forgiving him unless he accepts
responsibility should I forgive him
because it is the right thing to do
thanks huge fan Zach this is a just a
false view of forgiveness first of all
your father's an alcoholic and it sounds
like a domestic abuser that you know
when you say there are domestic issues
if he's holding a gun to your mother's
head I'm sure he has done other things
as well this guy is in bad bad shape and
doing bad bad
things to forgive him involves your
letting go of your anger in your heart
against him it does not involve your
normalizing your relationships with a
guy who has now gotten mortally
dangerous your mom is in danger your
brother is in danger a guy who will pull
a gun once will pull a gun again he is
not got it he is not what do you say he
has a history of drunkenness he's an
alcoholic he's drinking and he's at he's
got a rage problem and all these things
you have got to worry about protecting
your mom protecting your brother it is
not about talking to your father 2 to 3
times a week which you shouldn't be
doing at this point you should be
detaching from him with love as they say
at al-anon you should be in al-anon
learning how to deal with exactly these
issues talking to other people who have
these issues and Dean learning how to
detach from him with love you you can
forgive him in your heart but that has
nothing to do with what your job is
right now which is trying to protect the
people you love from a guy who has
gotten really really dangerous don't
distract yourself with forgiveness at
this point that's not the issue there
will be time to forgive and a time to
detach with love make sure that your mom
and brother understand that this is a
dangerous guy who is out of control I'm
sorry about that but that's the way it
is from Omar hey drew I always
appreciate catching your show and
showing your videos to my friends we
enjoy your unique take and wit I wanted
to write to you about something I felt
I've noticed more and more frequently
which is a lack of appreciation for
American history this is closely
followed by a lack of appreciate
appreciation for history as a whole my
father immigrated here when he was an
adult and visited Gettysburg twice and
developed a deep appreciation for the
new country he now resided in but I know
many native-born US citizens who
couldn't tell you the years of the Civil
War they're still in college I find this
troubling because I believe in the many
benefits of history such as knowing your
roots learning from the past many more
my questions to our how do you interpret
this trend if you agree with me that it
exists do you think this hurts our
society in some way or is it negligible
wish you all the best Omar ya know it's
a really bad problem and it was done on
purpose it was done by the left they
gutted our history departments across
the country they gutted history
departments even in lower schools they
want to teach theory which essentially
means anti-american hatred in the guise
of interpretive theory the most
Euler textbook they use is that people's
history the United States by Howard Zinn
he says in the opening of it that is
written from the point of view of the
victims so the Constitution
told from the point of view of the
slaves well imagine what would happen if
I told your life that way if I said to
you yeah I'm gonna tell the history of
Omar's life let's start with his porn
history let's start with the time he
lied to his mom let's start to the time
he was unkind to his girlfriend I mean I
I could do that with it I'm not saying
you I could do that with anybody right I
can just find the worst parts of you and
tell that story in fact America has been
a beacon of freedom there's not a single
human being walking around on the earth
who is politically free who does not owe
a debt to America to the United States
of America whether in theory or in fact
they owe America a debt it is a great
country and to not study what the people
you know to not even understand why they
made the decisions they made to not even
understand why they built the government
that they built it just means what
happens when somebody says oh my God
look over their problems at the border
oh my god look over there - guys were
thrown out of Starbucks oh my God look
over there a policeman shot a guy and
the policeman was right and the guy was
black you can distract and take away
from things people you can take away
from people structures ideas that took
thousands of years of human suffering to
create you can take them away in their
moments of hysteria you can take away
the objects that defend them including
guns right people with guns nasty I hate
guns you can get people hysterical if
they don't have a grounding in history
the left did it on purpose they
continued to do it you're absolutely
right and it is a really dangerous trend
all right from max a longtime listener
first-time writer I have something that
has plagued me for a long time and no
one I have confided in has ever been
able to help when I was in college I was
dating this girl and unbeknownst to me
at the time I got her pregnant she went
ahead without telling me and aborted it
the worst part is later on in our
relationship it happened again but this
time she told me she was pregnant and
terminated it anyway never once talking
to me or taking my feelings into
consideration I've never been able to
reconcile it and still to this day it
upsets me well it should upset you and
there are a lot of wrong ways to go with
this I can think of a couple two wrong
ways at least to go with this one is to
wallow in guilt until you're paralyzed
and develop a kind of self righteous
feeling
goodness just for feeling bad about what
happened and the other is having no
guilt in doing nothing so those are your
two wrong answers the right answer here
is to look at take a look at your life
you may have known you may not have
known but what happens that you took and
you were involved and resulted in a
catastrophe the catastrophe being two
separate lives
extinguished on your watch now you can
say you didn't do it you can say you
didn't know about it that's that's fine
and I do not want you to wallow in guilt
that's not the point the point is take a
close look at your life and say well how
did this happen and how can it not
happen again right that is where God
wants you to go with that he wants you
to say how did this happen what did I do
and how do I keep it from happening
again
now you can guarantee that it never
happens can like not having sex until
you you get married but I'm not even
gonna tell you what to do I'm going to
tell you I'm gonna ask you a couple of
questions why were you having relations
with this intimate relations with a girl
who would do this did you know she would
do it if she had come to you and told
you would you have married her if not
why not what did you know about her they
would have kept you from marrying her
what were you doing here what were you
doing so it's like if you're taking if
you're angry at her you know that's a
waste of your time
the question is what were you doing that
led to this and how can you change your
life so that it doesn't happen again I'm
not going to give you the answers to
that I'd like I said the sure and
certain one is not to is not to have sex
with anybody until you get married
that's a good one but you want to come
up with you've got another one go ahead
but I want to know I want you to ask
yourself why you were in a relationship
with this woman how you know how did it
come to be that twice in a row
this happened you know that that is on
you and you've got to look forward into
the life ahead and make sure it never
happens again you got to look in the
mirror and ask yourself those questions
from Alex why is life worth living right
to the point why is life worth living
that is like asking that is like asking
why should I make have sex with the wife
I adore that's what it's like asking
okay
and the answer is pretty much the same
because it's the pinnacle of the
existence
is what you are here to be doing it is
the joy that you are doing and if it
it's not the reason is why not it's the
answer is you're not doing it right
you're not doing it right so actually
you're asking the wrong question it's
not why is life worth living it's how is
life worth living right once you
understand how to live life the answer
will be self-evident right it is
self-evident why you make love to the
woman you love right that's self-evident
you don't need you don't need to write
me and say why is this worth doing you
know right
but it's because you know how hopefully
to do that well how do you do that maybe
the answers are the same how do you make
love so that the answers are obvious
well the biggest thing is you pay
attention you pay attention you don't
pay attention to you you pay attention
to the person you're in love with you
pay attention to in this case to life
you pay attention to life you know
that's I don't want to get facile
because that's a paying attention is a
really difficult thing
the reason it's difficult is everything
that is worthwhile about life takes
place inside you but everything that is
life takes place outside you so you look
at the blue sky the blue sky is
beautiful but the idea of beautiful the
experience of beautiful happens inside
you says you've got to be looking
outside and inside at the same time no
easy trick that is why you know you
because you can't look at yourself in
the you can't look at your own eye
without a mirror that is why you start
to have to think about the existence of
God and the existence of God's creation
and paying attention and love are very
closely related in fact I would say the
true attention comes through love and
love has to be turn'd love begins inward
you love yourself and then you have to
love others as you love yourself you
learn from loving yourself what it means
to love and then you love others and
then you love God and not necessarily in
that order
so when you when you live life that way
when you live life fully awake fully
alert you know you are it becomes
obvious to you while you're living
because you were so full of joy and
vitality even moments of sadness and
sorrow that it just becomes obvious to
you why you you won't even ask the
question the question is how is life
worth living you know
and by the way I believe that this is
what the Gospels are about everybody
else thinks the Gospels are about don't
do that don't know no it's about telling
other people what you should be doing
but Jesus is always talking about this
what's keeps you from paying attention
fear anxiety worry let not your heart be
troubled neither let it be afraid don't
care about tomorrow let tomorrow take
care of itself let the sufficient unto
the day are the evils there up you know
the Beatitudes when you listen closely
to the Beatitudes you have to ask
yourself why is he saying this stuff why
is he saying you know blessed are those
who mourn because part of life is it's
tragedy and that unlike the Buddhists
who want to exit life so they don't
suffer
Jesus recommends immersing yourself in
life and he shows you that he himself
immerses himself in life and death and
then the tragedy tragedy of experience
blessed are those who hunger and thirst
for write to them doing us off from
memory but blessed are those who hunger
and thirst for righteousness why
Aristotle said loving virtue loving
virtue and doing acting in a virtuous
way those are the ways to joy so all
these things you know as it is in the
Bible but if you love if you love God
and you love your neighbor and those
were the two big ones that Jesus pointed
to he said everything else everything
else hangs from that all the rules we
come up with they hang from that and
when the rules no longer serve those two
Commandments love God love your neighbor
get rid of the rules love God love your
neighbor or the hook that all those
things hang on if those rules are not
serving that book you know then then if
they're not hung on that hook then
they've become empty which is why Jesus
says all that says all these stuff where
where people will say well wait you got
to follow the rules and they'll say you
know the Sabbath was made for man not
man for the Sabbath they'll say ok
follow the rules but he was without sin
throw the first stone why because the
law is no longer hung on that hook that
double hook of loving God and loving
your neighbor you live like that pal you
know maybe they'll last night I I let
myself get annoyed by something petty I
got let myself get annoyed by something
petty and for several hours I lost the
joy of what I was doing and when I
backed up I thought oh my god you know
things are going great you know I love
what I'm doing I got let's let some
little
petty person get in my way and I lost
and I lost my joy that's the stuff that
is in the gospel when you read the
gospel you start to pay attention to
what the real meaning of things are you
won't ask why is life worth living ask
how is life worth living all right from
Joshua I was completely shocked to find
out what's been happening in the north
of England with regards to the mass rape
gangs there I'm simply unable to grasp
it the police in many of these areas
knew this was happening and purposely
did nothing for decades in some cases my
question is at what point is the Siddons
citizenry justified in taking matters ie
punishment into their own hands
I get that vigilantism is bad in a
working society but this case strikes me
as a society no longer working
if the police justice system is failing
this miserable to the tune of definitely
thousands and perhaps tens of thousands
of raped and abused 11 to 14 year old
girls does the average citizen have a
duty to put a stop to that extra do
judicially thanks Josh you know I get
asked this question numerous times
sometimes about abortion as well the the
problem is you're not thinking far
enough ahead what happens what happens
after you take the law into your own
hands right when once you've knocked
down the law there's a great line in the
play a man for all seasons in a movie
where he says if you knock down the laws
to get at the devil what happens when
the devil turns around and comes after
you and there are no laws to protect you
and that is the problem the problem is
this is what is happening in England is
a serious illness in the society there's
a serious illness in the society when
the police are covering up the rape of
children because they don't want to seem
to be anti-islamic because this is
mostly an Islamic problem and there's a
serious issue and that issue has to be
dealt with and people have that have to
have the courage and in England you can
go to jail for having the courage to do
this you have to have the courage to
stand up you have to have the courage to
vote for the people who will stop it you
have to have the courage to to shout
about it and be out there shouting out
about it all the time if you take the
law into your own hands
what happens then then your country is
gone and you know then you've
essentially started a revolution and the
thing about revolutions is they almost
never work the American Revolution
worked mostly because it was more of
Civil War than a revolution it was two
sides of England breaking away from one
another
this is a disaster this thing that is
happening in England but if you take the
law into your own hands the disaster
will be compounded and I think the same
thing is true of abortion once you break
in to an abortion clinic and start
shooting people
then you've become the killer you've
lost all your moral authority you've
lost the argument unless you are going
to burn the government to the ground
once you become the killer you have lost
the argument and the government will
reconstitute itself and go right back to
doing with what it was doing without you
because it'll carry you off you've got
to do it the long way you got to do it
the hard way you got to do it through
the systems that are there and you got
to do it because it is really a disaster
one more another Josh dear Clavin Duke
of Duke second most high almost anointed
one higher your honest adherence to the
idea of judge not lest you be judged it
is in the Bible after all can you
elaborate on your reading of this
considering we all make judgments in one
way or another every day can't this
attitude create a culture of complacency
where we simply turn a blind eye to the
possibly self-destructive tendencies and
behaviors of others thanks for the great
shows make your mailbags longer I think
they're getting is about as long as I
can make them yeah boy I get a yell that
every time I talk about this I can just
wait for it and one of the things that
people say is if you judge not how are
you going to correct others you know
especially in the Christian world first
let me say what I again what I mean by
judge not and what I what I think the
Gospels mean more importantly by judge
not lest you be judged they do not mean
have no discrimination they do not mean
don't pass judgment on the actions of
people as they relate to other people
right if you go around the killing
people you got to stop people that's bad
there's no it doesn't take me to judge
that that is bad that you shouldn't be
killing other people robbing other
people you shouldn't be breaking the Ten
Commandments what you're not judging
what you cannot judge is another
person's position or in regards to God
in regards to the kingdom of heaven you
cannot judge that it is not your job it
is so far above your paygrade that you
can't even see the pay grade below it
that is how far away you have no vote
and who gets saved if you want to read
some really good piece about this the
Great Divorce I think it is by CS Lewis
show
is a dream he has about purgatory and
and who goes to heaven and who goes on
to hell and it's a really a beautiful
piece of writing very touching and
dramatic but it shows you that you just
don't always you don't know you don't
know who's to judge so when it comes to
correcting people in their Christianity
Jesus had some words to say about this
as he said why do you take the speck out
of your neighbors eyes when there's a
plank in your eyes and what people
always say to me when I say this is yes
but this thing goes on to say first take
the plank out of your eyes and then
remove the speck from your neighbors
eyes that is Jesus being sarcastic it
takes a lifetime to get that plank out
of your own eyes that's why it's a plank
in your eyes and a speck in your
neighbor that's why he put it that way
you want to lead people to Christ live
in the joy of Christ you will become a
door to Christ live in the joy of Christ
if you live in the joy of Christ if you
try to understand what Christ is leading
to do because you are made a path to God
God is the way and the truth and the
light you were made part of that way
part of that truth you were made a
friend a friend he says to that way in
truth in life live that way and you will
become a door to Christ for others and
you can say it in words if you have to
but if you say it in your life it's
gonna be much much more powerful than
wagging your finger in people's faces
that's what I mean by judge not lest you
be judged and by the way we're talking
about things that keep you from paying
attention judgment that kind of judgment
is one of them going around thinking
that you're righteous and that other
people aren't and you can instruct other
people on how to be righteous is one of
the things that keeps you from paying
attention to real life to paying
attention to your life and what you're
supposed to be doing in your life I got
to stop I got a million more but I got
to stop tickety-boo news I know
everybody complains about Hollywood but
we got to say that Chris Pratt made a
speech the other day that was
unbelievably great it was funny it was
self-effacing and it was profound Chris
Pratt obviously the big star of the new
movie the Jurassic Park is in and of
course he's also in the guardians of the
galaxy huge star he was given one of
these Generation Awards which are just
basically promotional awards but this
one promotes the
generations from MTV and he made a
speech where he gave nine points of of
rules for life to the young people there
here are the last few number six God is
real God loves you God what's the best
for you
believe that I do number seven if you
have to poop at a party but you're
embarrassed because you're gonna stink
up the bathroom just do what I do lock
the door
sit down get all the pee out first okay
and then once all the p's done poop
flush boom you minimize the amount of
time that the poop is touching the air
because if you poop first it takes you
longer to pee then you're peeing on top
of it's turning up the poo particles
create a cloud goes out and then
everyone in the party will know that you
pooped just try just trust me it's
science
number eight learn to pray it's easy and
it's so good for your soul and finally
number nine nobody is perfect people are
going to tell you you're perfect just
the way you are you're not you are
imperfect you always will be but there
is a powerful force that designed you
that way and if you're willing to accept
that you will have grace and grace is a
gift and like the freedom that we enjoy
in this country that grace was paid for
with somebody else's blood do not forget
Wow Wow that was hot like the freedom we
have in this country your grace was paid
for with somebody else's blood that
about tells them everything they need to
know for a happy life
that is amazing good for Chris Pratt you
know we always talk about Hollywood
doing this Hollywood doing that that is
that is Hollywood he's as big a guy in
Hollywood as there is and you got to
give him props and you got to give the
the kids props for cheering him they
heard it they heard it there first hey
we're getting news right now that
President Donald Trump said he would be
signing an executive order later
Wednesday that would end the process of
separating children from families after
they're detained he said I'll be signing
something we don't know what what it is
but we'll find out and we'll discuss it
tomorrow be there then I'm Andrew Clavin
this is the Andrew Clavin show the
Andrew Clavin show is produced by Robert
Sterling executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
supervising producer is Mathis Glover
and our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Emily J audio is mixed
by Mike Corr Mina hair and makeup is by
Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
