yay pop culture question from Andy who
says I know that you are not a fan of
the Captain America movies I'm curious
as to why I think the movies reflect on
the importance of patriotism
individualism and self accountability I
mean so the so the basic morality of
Captain America I have no general
problem with I just yeah I think their
view they doesn't like you know actually
he tweeted me after I'd seen the after
I'd see in the first Captain America
movie I just think that he happens to be
a rather wooden actor I'm not a huge
Chris Evans fan on the scale of Chris's
and right now it goes like Chris Pratt
always Chris Pine and then maybe Chris
Evans I have to think if there's another
Chris that fits Hemsworth comes worth
outrage Evans
all right Hemsworth comes in third
mine's a better actor but but Hemsworth
is is hilarious I just I don't think of
much of Chris Evans as an actor and
that's not just because he says that he
just likes me I don't dislike him he
seems like you're a fan of Captain
America and the the morals maybe that
the the promise books the spouse but not
the movie well see here's the problem
with Captain American lives okay in the
comic books basically Captain America is
John McCain right he's a thawed out old
man who's really grumpy about everything
and super patriotic stuck in the it's a
fish out of water thing stuck in a post
modernist society that doesn't value
America all that much that's what he is
in the in the comics which is what makes
him great he's like a throwback
America's are awesome why are you all
think about America right exactly all
this all this stuff was good and now
they sort of made him into just a normal
superhero teenager who doesn't have that
kind of edge right so instead of him
being 80 years old which he really is
basically they make it so that he is
just a thirty year old right now he like
has a live-in girlfriend and he acts
just like a third year old would today
as opposed to like if they're doing it
properly he would be a guy who's like
yeah I gotta get married before I have
sex with a woman because it's 1940 right
and in his mind it's still 1940 yep
so it's he doesn't like bad language
right exactly one of the reasons also
that I I just I think they've really
botched the Captain America Iron Man
relationship so for example in in civil
war they take precisely the wrong
positions okay Captain America is is a
patriotic guy which would suggest that
he would be an appropriate act pro
patriot act and then Iron Man is
libertarian right he's a guy who says
I'm not gonna hand over my power to you
but suddenly he wants to hand over his
identity to the federal government none
of that makes any sense
