John says hi Andrew do you agree with
Knowles that transgenderism is the thing
that broke political correctness if not
what do you think is responsible well I
think transgenderism had a huge impact
partly because it's so irrational but
partly also because Obama Obama always
used political correctness and cultural
issues to distract from the fact that he
all his policies were failing so you
know I guess he said he did he said yeah
he set the middle-east on fire is he sat
on the economy they just wanted to
rebound people keep saying well the
recovery started under him now even he
couldn't stop it but if he could have he
would have you know it was obviously one
of this big bounce to take place
everything he did stank every single
policy did say so what'd he do is look
over there a black man has been killed
in the streets of st. Louis and you go
like yeah but he was a criminal in the
cop no no no he was black and the cop
was white so it must be a park and he
would do it over and over again when he
said we've got to deal with transgenders
we've got to let boys who think they're
girls into girls rooms at school that
was a moment when I thought you know
what we may win the next election your
love until that moment I thought there
was no chance we would win the next
election the minute he said it I thought
we may win the next election not because
I care about you know I have any ill
feelings against people who were
confused about their their sex but
because I thought what is the Chicago
Paul know about what should happen in a
school in Arkansas or Alabama or
Tennessee nothing he knows nothing he's
a corrupt Chicago pall dictating to
people he knows nothing about and he
doesn't like so in that sense I think it
really did break the whole the dazzling
hold that this racial guilt and sexual
guilt that they left has been selling
for 50 years it broke the hold of that
you know because it was and because
we're so rational once you say to people
you know some women have penises they
thinking like anybody can have baby so I
do think I think the thing that is
really sinister but also hopeful is
political correctness is mental slavery
it is telling people what they are
allowed to think in order to be virtuous
and all of us want to feel more virtuous
than we are
and so I think the oppression of it the
fact that people are afraid to say what
they think the people in the fact that
James d'amour can get fired from Google
for saying men and women are different
the speaking the simple truth you can
get fired for that I think that that is
frightened people terrorized people and
I think that maybe Knowles is right to
the extent the transgenderism is so
crazy that people won't allow themselves
to be oppressed by it but ultimately I
just like to think that Americans fight
back against this stuff they deal with
it for a while but ultimately Americans
want to say what they have to say and I
think I hope that remains true I think
political correctness is one of the most
harmful developments of art I know I
would much rather you told me you hated
me for the color of my skin or whatever
then that you kept it to yourself and
just like let it see you know come out
and say it say it to my face I'm not
gonna throw a punch at you you know
let's just say what you have to say let
me know uh and I just feel that about
everybody I would much rather hear what
they have to say
then then have everybody walking around
afraid anyway I don't know if it's
transgender gender ism specifically what
can you do when you're oppressing people
mentally and go too far and that may
have been the moment when they went to
