president Trump fights back on the
rumors that he's attempting to split
children from their illegal immigrant
parents the media continued their
assault and the Department of Justice
inspector general goes directly after
the FBI I'm Ben Shapiro this is the Ben
Shapiro show
many a thing to get to today and we'll
get to all of those things first I want
to let you know that later this
afternoon I'm going to be doing an
episode of the conversation with my good
friend Alicia crafts we're gonna take
your live questions at 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific and that live Q&A will
be available on YouTube and Facebook
everybody can watch but only subscribers
can ask me the questions over at Daly
we're calm so if you want your questions
answered you want your life better you
want more knowledge in your brain
directly tailored for you then you need
to become a subscriber I mean why
haven't you already check out the pinned
comments on this video and for more
information and join us later this
afternoon for all of that also I want to
mention our friends over at policy
genius so you go and die sorry to break
it to you I mean I know is that what
you're listening to to have a good time
but I have some bad news for you you
will plotz and when you do it would be
better if you had some life insurance
because let's be real if you don't have
life insurance are gonna be increasing
costs on your family your family's not
going to have your earning power whether
you have brothers and sisters when you
have mom and dad whether you have kids
will you have a spouse you ought to make
sure that somebody is the beneficiary of
your death since you won't be the
beneficiary of your own death
well that is why you should go over to
policy genius right now policy genius is
the easy way to compare life insurance
online and in just five minutes you can
compare quotes from the top insurers to
find the best policy for you when you
compare quotes you save money it is
indeed that simple in fact policy genius
has helped over 4 million people shop
for insurance and placed over twenty
billion dollars in coverage and they
don't just make life insurance easy they
also compare disability insurance
renter's insurance health insurance if
you care about it they can cover it if
you've been putting off getting life
insurance don't be a fool go get your
life insurance right now as soon as this
podcast is over make sure that you go
over and get your life insurance a
policy genius at common has never been
easier to buy rate sort of 20-year low
policy genius calm it is the easy way to
compare and buy it life insurance let
them know that we sent you as well
policy genius calm okay so the media
continue to go completely nuts over the
Trump administration policy they say
it's a policy of separating children at
the border so let's go through the
policy once more here is the policy if
you arrive at the border not at the
patrol stations right if you if you
arrive at ports of entry and you claim
asylum we will not separate you from
your children if you arrive between
ports of entry and we arrest you by
operation of law thanks to a Ninth
Circuit Court ruling in 2016 thanks to
that ruling if we arrest you we have to
take your kids away from you because we
can't hold your kids in jail
with you now there's a question as to
how long we can hold the kids in jail
with you do we have to immediately
remove them or is it just that we have
to remove them within 20 days but bottom
line is you will be separated from your
kids if you are arrested the Trump
administration has changed policy in the
sense that they are now treating
everyone who crosses the border
illegally as a criminal but that was
always the law so they're basically just
enforcing the law strictly now I am a
fan of enforcing the law strictly the
reason is not because I always think the
law is a great idea it's because I don't
like the idea of executive discretion I
think executive discretion is a way of
making bad laws palatable and making
good laws unpalatable if you actually
want a law enforce the way that it is on
the books we're going to learn pretty
fast whether that law is worthwhile or
whether that law is not the Obama
administration sort of picked and chose
how exactly they wanted to enforce
immigration law and it's important to
note that these sorts of controversies
over separation and families at the
border this sort of stuff was going on
2014-2015 when there was that vast
influx of illegal immigrants whomping
the southern border right this is from
the New York Times July 25th 2015 so a
guy named Barack Obama was president
then a federal judge in California has
ruled that the Obama administration's
detention of children and their mothers
who are crossing the border illegally is
a serious violation of a long-standing
court settlement and that the families
should be released as quickly as
possible so the Obama administration was
arresting mothers and they were keeping
them with their children and the court
found that that was a problem in a
decision late Friday roundly rejecting
the administration's arguments for
holding the families judge dolly mg of
the Federal District Court for the
Central District of California found
that two detention centers in Texas that
the administration opened last fall
failed to meet minimum legal
requirements of the 1997 settlement for
facilities housing children Judge G also
found that migrant children had been
held in widespread to plural conditions
in border patrol stations okay this is
2015 under barack obama migrant children
had been held in widespread deplorable
conditions in border patrol stations
after they were first caught she said
the authorities had wholly failed to
provide these safe and sanitary
conditions required for children even in
temporary cells and so the kids were in
cells we're hearing the same sort of
stuff now but let's not pretend this is
unique because it's not the opinion was
a significant legal blow to detention
policies ordered by Homeland Security
Secretary jeh Johnson remember this is
2015 in response to an influx of
children and parents mostly from
America across the border in South Texas
last summer in her 25 page ruling judge
gee gave a withering critique of the
administration's positions to clearing
them unpersuasive
and dubious and saying officials had
ignored unambiguous terms of the
settlement and the Department of
Homeland Security was nailed for
apparently trying to use this sort of
policy as deterrence so remember the
Trump administration has been ripped up
and down for suggesting that separating
families was a deterrent they're not the
first people to do this right this is
from the New York Times 2015 initially
homeland security officials said they
were detaining the families to send a
message to others in Central America to
deter them from coming to the United
States illegally in February a federal
court in Washington DC ruled that
strategy unconstitutional officials
stopped invoking deterrence as a factor
in deciding whether to release mothers
and children as they seek asylum in the
United States but many women and
children remain installed behind bleak
walls and fences month after month with
no end in sight mothers became severely
depressed her anxious and their distress
echoed and their children who became
worried and sickly okay so remember
again this is 2015's these issues have
been plaguing the federal government
since 2015 and in fact this particular
case that I'm talking about here was
elevated in the 9th Circuit Court of
Appeals the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
held that when a mother was held in
detention her child had to be released
the child could not be held in detention
with the mom they'd be released to a
relative or to foster care or to
somebody inside the HHS when they
pointed out that the federal government
was using this sort of policy holding
mothers and children together as a
deterrent so the same people who are now
saying that Trump is separating families
as a deterrent four years ago three
years ago they were saying that holding
mothers and children together was being
used as a deterrent a there's a direct
quote from the 9th Circuit Court of
Appeals case from June from 2016 quote
in January 2015 a group of Central
American migrants who are not
represented by Flores class counsel
filed a putative class action claiming
that the government had adopted a no
release policy as to Central American
families and challenging that alleged
policy under the Due Process Clause On
February 20th 2015 the US District for
the District of Columbia granted the
plaintiffs motion for a preliminary
injunction the court found that ice had
not adopted a blanket no release policy
but found ample support for the
plaintiffs alternative contention that
DHS policy directs ice officers to
consider deterrence of mass migration as
a factor in their custody determinations
and that this policy has played a
significant role in the recent increased
attention of Central American mothers
and children in other words all the talk
about you know Trump being Pro
deterrents and that's so evil it's so
terrible the hysteria that you're seeing
people comparing us to Japanese
internment people comparing it to the
Nazis okay this is something that the
Obama administration was openly saying
in 2015 and 2014
openly has litigated in court and yet
all we're hearing about is the Trump
administration their language about
deterrence we're hearing a lot about
what John Kelly had to say about using
separation of children from parents as a
deterrent listen I think that's wrong I
don't think we should be using
separation of children from parents as a
deterrent all I'm pointing out here is
there's a massive media double standard
when it was Obama then they covered it
but let's just say that it wasn't this
level of hysteria that's pretty obvious
here's John Kelly back in March talking
about separating mothers from children
we have tremendous experience in dealing
with unaccompanied minors we turn them
over to HHS and they do a very very good
job of either putting them in kind of
foster care or linking them up with
parents or family members in the United
States yes I am considering in order to
deter more movement along this terribly
dangerous Network I am considering
exactly that they will be well cared for
as we deal with their parents okay so we
should not be using separation of
parents from children as a deterrent
because that's just cruel saying that
you're going to use law enforcement as a
deterrent you're going to arrest
everybody who crosses the border that
seems to me perfectly appropriate well
the Trump administration has decided
that this is a political winner what we
have right now is a prisoner's dilemma
okay prisoner's dilemma is something in
game theory where basically everybody's
first choice ends up creating the worst
possible outcome so basically here's the
way this works the Republicans have two
choices they can either attempt to
alleviate this situation by passing a
law or they cannot attempt to alleviate
the situation by passing a law and
Democrats similarly have two choices
they can either attempt to alleviate the
situation by passing a law or they
cannot attempt to alleviate the
situation by passing a law if the
Republicans attempt to alleviate the
situation and Democrats refuse to go
along with it Republicans get the worst
of both worlds
they look like pansies to their own base
and they get read by the press anyway
because the press is going to rip them
no matter what if Democrats go along
with all of this then they look like a
bunch of people who are caving to
Republicans for their own base and
they're not going to be credited by the
media with the wind Trump will be
credited with the win so you end up with
is a prisoner's dilemma in which both
power
have an incentive not to make the right
decision here which would be a passed a
simple piece of legislation saying that
kids can stay with their parents in
custody pending removal from the country
right that would be the easy way to
solve all of this but that looks like
that is not going to happen
Trump administration is doubling down on
all of this president Trump himself came
out yesterday he said listen our goal
here is we're not gonna be a migrant
camp that's not something we're gonna do
the United States will not be a migrant
camp and it will not be a refugee
holding facility won't be you look at
what's happening in Europe you look at
what's happening in other places we
can't allow that to happen to the United
States not on my watch okay so you know
this obviously is part of Trump's chief
appeal is that he thinks that there's
been a border that's swamped by illegal
immigrants the truth is the two-thirds
of the people who are overstaying their
visa
two-thirds of illegal immigrants are
people overstaying their visas but when
President Trump says it's not the job of
us to be a migrant camp obviously this
definitely appeals to the people who
voted for him in the first place one of
the problems that the administration is
having is they're sending a bunch of
mixed messages so as I say I think the
media have been wildly dishonest on this
entire issue I'm going to get to the
media's dishonesty on all this the media
by the way exacerbate that prisoner's
dilemma that I'm talking about the media
by hyping up the hysteria what they
really do is they push the Trump
administration into a corner where
they're defending themselves from the
assault and they push Democrats to never
make a deal with Republicans because
they're winning politically Democrats
had control of the government full
control of the government from 2009 to
2011 they did not pass a single piece of
serious immigration legislation that's
because they like the illegal
immigration issue they think that it's a
political winner they believe that if
the press clubs Republicans with it and
they will win Republicans have been the
only ones who have come forward with any
sort of immigration plan over the past
15 years they've done it a couple of
times it's failed both times one time
because Republican base didn't want to
do it the other time also because the
Republican base was not particularly
interested but the the media's hysteria
on this particular issue is making
things worse not better
so then the but that would that said the
Trump administration press on this has
really been bad I mean that their press
angle on this has been bad because
you've had mixed messages on the one
hand you've had certain officials like
John Kelly saying yes we are separating
parents from children at the border
because we wish to deter people they
said that's the hardest possible
position and then you have presidents
Trump saying we are not going to be a
refugee or migrant camp that's not
something we're going to do and then you
have Christian Nielsen who is the head
of the Department of Homeland Security
and she's basically saying listen it's
not our policy to separate parents from
kids it's just a natural after effect of
enforcing law now I think the Secretary
of Homeland Security is correct but
she's the one who's been taking all the
flak which is kind of amazing we'll talk
about what she had to say yesterday she
did a full press or yesterday with a
rabid media we'll go through it first I
want to say thanks to our sponsors over
at movement so summer is upon us and
movement is dropping all these
sunglasses to get you ready for the long
days of soaking up the Sun so you
already know they make incredible
watches right I have several of the
movement watches I also have a pair of
movement sunglasses my wife as well has
a pair of movement sunglasses and they
really are awesome here's the problem
you can a really cheap pair of
sunglasses they look like a really cheap
pair of sunglasses and if you get a $500
pair of sunglasses you're gonna lose it
right or your kid is gonna break the
lens instead you can get movement
sunglasses and they felt the same way
about sunglasses they felt about watches
which is they're too expensive and you
can make quality at a fair price these
are not plastic they are acetate you can
get them polarized they start at just 70
bucks and they are really my go to
shades they're pretty awesome I use them
virtually every day not only do I look
cool but it also helps shield my eyes
because that's what sunglasses do these
are high-quality premium acetate frames
they don't have that cheap plastic as I
mentioned and they have tons of styles
that classic trendy round aviator
mirrored polarized the whole deal we got
15% off today with free shipping and
free returns by going to MVM t-dot-com
slash Shapiro that's MVM t.com slash up
hero movement is revolutionized the
watch industry well now they're doing
the same for sunglasses check it out MVM
t comm slash appear o get 15% off today
again free shipping free returns I love
their stuff
I think movement makes fantastic product
so check that out mb mt comm slash
shapiro okay so Christian Nielsen is the
head of the department of homeland
security and instead of Sarah Huckabee
Sanders doing the press conference
yesterday with the press gaggle instead
she was called in sort of an emergency
crisis management to deal with the press
here's what she had to say about
entering the country illegally this
administration has a simple message if
you cross the border illegally we will
prosecute you if you make a false
immigration claim we will prosecute you
if you smuggle illegal aliens across an
extraordinarily dangerous journey
we will prosecute you okay so this makes
perfect sense right if this were the
administration's policy this should have
been the lockstep policy that they were
talking about none of this I'm gonna
quote the Bible none of this we're
trying to deter people bottom line is
you come across the border illegally
we're resting you and then the wall
operates as the law operates it's not
our job to make a law not operate that
way and as many people have pointed out
if you are arrested in the United States
if you and your wife were arrested in
the United States for some sort of
misdemeanor and you were put in jail
overnight we wouldn't take your kids
with you that's the that's the way the
operation works
okay so Christian Nielsen was asked by
the press about children are they being
taken care of now there been a lot of
conflicting reports over whether these
kids are being taken care of properly or
whether they are not as I pointed out in
2015 federal courts were finding as far
back as 2014-2015 that kids were being
held in not great conditions right these
kids were being held in conditions that
lacked we're hearing sort of conflicting
reports the department has not put out
any pictures they probably should put
out pictures the press have put out some
pictures they've not looked good
Christian Nielsen says the kids overall
are being taken care of however it is
important to note that these minors are
very well taken care of don't believe
the press they are very well taken care
of you know this as many of you have
detention facilities of your own we
operate according to some of the highest
standards in the country we provide food
medical education and all needs that the
child requests okay here's a report from
Kate Morrissey over at the San Diego
union-tribune rates many elements of
Casa San Diego and El Cajon facility for
unaccompanied children who arrived at
the southern border seem like what one
would expect from a boarding school
there are classrooms a play area with
soccer goals and a medical clinic with
superheroes like Wonder Woman Superman
and the Hulk on the walls on closer
inspection details about the California
licensed child care facility run by
Southwest key programs reflect the
situation of the children it serves it's
surrounded by fencing that is backed by
privacy netting and a sign at the gate
warns visitors it's under video
surveillance 24 hours per day if someone
opens the front door of the facility
without first swiping a badge and alarm
blares through the hallway warning of
potential escape on Friday morning a
class of 15 boys were cited all the ways
they'd learned to greet each other the
most were Spanish speakers that quickly
moved through English French Italian
Portuguese mom Arabic and many more
before erupting into applause so this
doesn't sound quite like the torture
that's being portrayed in the press now
that's not to say there aren't some
horror stories and
second I'm gonna play for you some of
the audio from one of these suppose at
horror stories and I'm going to talk
about whether this is representative of
the entire thing or whether this is just
the press choosing one example out of
many but it is pretty obvious the White
House is angry about the way this is
being pitched so the White House has
said that they've had enough of this
information Christian this is clip 17
Christian Nielsen she says listen all of
the talk about how we are basically
seasoning children from parents and
torturing them for pleasure all that's
not true
there's a lot of misinformation about
what DHS is and is not doing as it
relates to families at the border and I
want to correct the record here are the
facts first this administration did not
create a policy of separating families
at the border we have a statutory
responsibility that we take seriously to
protect alien children from human
smuggling trafficking and other criminal
actions while enforcing our immigration
laws and what she has to say there is
basically true and this is the line the
administration should have taken we're
enforcing laws you don't like the laws
change the laws okay that should have
been the line unfortunately the the
Trump administration has too many cooks
spoil the broth they have too many
communications experts who are out there
messaging one of those communications
suppose it experts is Attorney General
Jeff Sessions who's on with Laura
Ingraham last night and he said listen
this policy is designed as a deterrent
fundamentally we are enforcing the law
if you break into the country in a none
lawyer
well deterrent I see that the fact that
no one was being prosecuted for this as
a factor in a five-fold increase in four
years in this kind of illegal
immigration
so yes hopefully people will get the
message and come through the border at
the port of entry and not break break
across the block unlawfully okay so
that's a different take on deterrence
than you were getting from General John
Kelly right here he's saying we're going
to enforce the border because that's the
deterrent that's different from saying
we're enforcing the separation policy as
a deterrent and then he said listen we
want to allow asylum for people who
qualify for it it's not that the
administration is denying people asylum
they're saying if you come to a port of
entry right you come not illegally
across the border then we will treat you
as anyone else who is seeking asylum
there's just so much press on this that
is not true
this is a serious matter we need to
think it through be rational and
thoughtful about it we want to allow
asylum for people who qualify for it but
people who want economic migration for
their personal financial benefit and
what they think is their family's
benefit is not a Nessus for a claim of
asylum okay and obviously that is true
as well so how are these kids being kept
so I talked a little bit before about
one of the accounts that these kids are
basically being kept inhumane conditions
well this is audio yesterday that was
released about agents from ice mocking
crying children or agents from from HHS
mocking crying children and you can hear
the kids crying in the background here's
what that sounds like and this is of
course made the rounds in a major way it
says well we have north straight here
right
what we're missing is a conductor so
this has been going around cuz you can
hear the hub up in the back and you can
hear some of the crying children and
then you can hear man yelling don't cry
alright so this is it so it's just you
know that sort of stuff is not great
now michelle malkin points out that the
mother of the six-year-old girl in this
audio paid a smuggler seven thousand
dollars to guide them through Guatemala
Mexico and across the border into the
United States illegally who bears the
blame for putting the child at risk of
kidnapping death and separation well
there's certainly some truth to that
that said could there be a more humane
policy sure that could and it turns out
the Congress is pursuing that more
humane policy speaker Ryan's office is
pursuing a this this policy that would
clear all of this up in not one but two
separate immigration bills Ted Cruz has
now proposed an immigration bill that is
specific to this particular issue right
mark Meadows has joined him so here's
Mark Meadows member of the house freedom
caucus his guise about his conservatives
he comes as representative mark meadow
he says they're gonna introduce religion
legislation later today that will allow
parents to stay with their kids as they
await detention we're gonna introduce
later today a piece of legislation that
actually is more narrow than the two
pieces that the president will be
talking about with members of Congress
this afternoon what it does it deals
with this issue that we're having at the
border with a separation of of children
from their their parents it also deals
with some of the asylum issues at the
border now one of the things that that
is important to note about this is if in
fact the Republicans put up a separate
bill that says listen we're gonna solve
this particular issue kids get to stay
with parents until deportation or until
Asylum arrangements are made if that
were the policy do you think Democrats
are done for it I don't I don't think
Democrats would vote for her I think
Democrats would vote against it
specifically because they think they've
got a political winner on their hands I
think that they believe they have a
political winner because there's a poll
out today showing the two-thirds of
Americans don't like the separation
policy while the majority of Republicans
do that's a political winner for
Democrats they want to hold Trump's feet
to the fire on all of this and you can
hear the press corps jumping with both
feet on all this so in just second on
the talk about the press and how the
press have lied routinely about all of
this I mean it is just insane they
continue to drive up the the the insane
levels of rhetoric regarding this entire
issue first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at blue apron so you've
heard about blue apron right all your
friends are already
using blue apron because you can skip
the meal planning and get straight to
cooking with blue apron instead you
don't have to go over to the grocery
store enough to come up with your own
recipes they send you all the recipes
and all of the prepackaged ingredients
the best ingredients and their meals
just they say on delicious I mean listen
to this one
they have seared salmon and spicy orange
salsa and that fruits veggies lean meats
plenty of olive oil these these recipes
are deliciously nutritious and they are
just awesome they're convenience and
variety they deliver fresh pre-portion
ingredients step-by-step recipes right
to your door and they can be cooked in
under 45 minutes particularly have kids
it's so much fun I love cooking with my
kids it's really a blast um the best
part is when my young son takes eggs and
just smashes them everywhere but aside
from that it really is a lot of fun and
when you're using blue apron all the
ingredients are there before you
it'sit's a lot quicker than it would be
if you had to do everything from scratch
and the recipes are better they send
only non GMO ingredients meat with no
added hormones so check this week's menu
get your first three meals for free at
blue apron comm slash Shapiro that's
blue apron comm slash up arrow to get
those first three meals for free blue
apron is indeed a better way to cookin I
mean these are listen to this creamy
caramelized onion burgers with apple and
pickled pepper salad like your you have
to go to the restaurant and spend a
bunch of money on that but you can make
that at home and then eat with your
whole family
spicy penne pasta the zucchini and
capers I mean this is like gourmet level
stuff that you will be making yourself
when you go over to blue apron comm
slash apparel and sign up and get your
first three meals for free so go check
it out use that slash up hero so let
them know we sent you blue apron comm
okay so the press when it comes to all
of this stuff have been deeply
irresponsible of course and this of
course this is egging Democrats toward
not making a deal toward not making
things better how irresponsible have the
press been on all this here's a member
of the press corps aghast over that
audio that we played of crying children
aboard a facility press corps
you know there they were they were
talking about how terrible all this was
that are tweeting out court henry vas he
tweeted he's from Pro Publica I believe
and he tweeted out reporters are
listening to audio kids crying in Border
Patrol facility moments ahead of press
briefing philip bump I believe said The
Washington Post said this is extremely
hard to listen to
Elise Jordan who I believe is a MSNBC
and NBC News contributor says this is
tragedy
porn for sadists right Chris Chile's of
CNN said this cannot happen in America
Egor Bobeck he he's also a reporter he
says that this is just sickening he's a
reporter at huff
impost okay well whether or not you like
the policy you know whether you think
that audio is stomach-churning and I
think that it is stomach-churning the
real question is how do you solve that
and when and I think the press I think
many members of the press they think oh
well you know what we'll jar the
American public into action here we will
force them into action by creating this
groundswell the anger about the
separation of parents from children what
they're really doing is they're driving
the Trump administration into a bunker
and they're driving Democrats never to
make a deal because believe you me
Democrats in Congress do not care about
getting a deal done on this particular
topic or we'll find out if they do
because Republicans should put up a
standalone bill to solve this issue and
see if Democrats will vote for it
I highly doubt they will because why
would they politically speaking better
to keep the illegal immigration issue
burning better to ensure that illegal
immigration issue keeps getting people
to the polls then to actually solve the
issue this is one of the big problems
with modern American politics we don't
elect our politicians to actually get
things done we elect our politicians as
a sort of emotional catharsis and
Democrats are looking at issues like
this and thinking boy this is a
political winner for 2018 wait till we
get to the midterms so that's why when
reporters are going over the top about
all of this what they're really doing is
making it less likely that a deal is
going to get done what they really
should do is they should just report the
facts without any of the over-the-top
emotional passion and just report it the
American people can make up their own
minds but here for example is a reporter
- Christian Nielsen the head of DHS
pummeling her suggesting that this is a
sort of child abuse this is and it was
it was like this all day yesterday
basically are there any examples of
child abuse you believe and how it does
not be child abuse for the people who
are taken from their parents not the
ones who are sent here with their
parents blessing with the smugglers the
people who
taken from their parents unfortunately
I'm not in any position to deal with you
know here safe stories if someone has a
specific allegation as I always do when
I testify I ask that they provide that
information to the department of
homeland security we will look into it
of course we do not want any situation
where a child is not completely
adequately taken care of okay so I think
the policy itself should change and
again this is why I think the ted cruz's
bill that he's bringing up is useful I
think these kids should stay with their
parents I'm not in favor of kids being
separated from their parents under any
circumstances I will point out the mild
irony of so many Democrats who believe
in no-fault divorce and think that if a
parent wants to remove himself from the
kid that's totally fine but if the
government removes the kid from the
parent that of course is totally
different I guess
the kid doesn't matter in all of that
right it's just the parents consent to
any of that if you get divorced without
the without the kid wanting you to then
that's that's totally fine but you know
bottom line is people of good heart can
can agree that this stuff should not be
happening the question is how is this
actually going to get solved Democrats
are having too much fun ripping into the
Trump administration to actually solve
the problem however so Nancy Pelosi is
having a lot of fun calling Donald Trump
barbaric this is their their favorite
thing all here for ranging for this
visit for the Congressional Hispanic
Caucus and other members of our caucus
on this heartbreaking barbaric issue
that could be changed in a moment by the
presidency of the United States
rescinding his action it's barbaric it's
barbaric okay fine so then why don't you
work with the Republicans to solve it
hey Hillary Clinton she came she comes
back from the dead to call president
Trump a liar and unchristian for
enforcing the same policy that she was
touting a few years ago I choose in the
administration when a lot of this policy
was being touted she was there right
Chile left in what 2013 so these
policies were already being undertaken
by the Obama administration and by the
way when she was running for president
she said that we can't keep the kids
here we should be reporting the kids as
well but here she is ripping into
President Trump and saying he's a liar
and unchristian separating families is
not mandated by law at all that is an
outright lie and it's incumbent on all
of us journalists and citizens alike to
call it just that those who selectively
use the Bible to justify this cruel
we are ignoring a central tenant of
Christianity the law does say the law
does say that if you arrest the parents
you have to release the kids that is in
fact the law what Democrats want is for
the parents to be released as well how
do we know that because it turns out
that in that Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals ruling that I've been talking
about for the last several days the one
that suggested they have to release the
kids the plaintiffs in that case were
saying that you should also have to
release the parents they were saying
should have to release the parents as
well because otherwise you were
violating the rights of the children so
that's their actual goal here the
Democrats don't want a solution because
they're hoping to leverage President
Trump into backing down and just
releasing people into the interior of
the United States into the general
population right this is the actual goal
in all of this and again you can tell
this because Republicans are perfectly
willing to come to the table with some
solutions mark Meadows is one of the
most conservative members of the House
Ted Cruz is one of the most conservative
members of the Senate here's what Ted
Cruz said yesterday so Ted Cruz would
put out a statement on all this she said
all Americans are rightly horrified by
the images we are seeing on the news
children in tears pulled away from their
mothers and fathers this must stop now
we can end this crisis by passing the
legislation I'm introducing this week
repeatedly I visited detention
facilities tragically housing young
children for far too long children have
been the greatest victims of our broken
immigration system with tens of
thousands of children who are detained
under the Obama administration and
continuing through today and with far
too many of those children facing
horrific physical or sexual assault from
criminal human traffickers so Ted Cruz
is on the same pages the Democrats here
right because everybody's on the same
page nobody really likes this policy
very much okay so Congress should solve
it I do love the idea that in American
government whenever there's a problem
it's the executive branch's problem to
solve it you don't like the policy well
I guess the executive branch just won't
pay attention to the law I guess the
executive branch will just stop
enforcing the law this of course is what
Obama did on immigration and Obama's
executive amnesty was Obama refusing to
enforce the law regarding to the
so-called dreamers my view was we ought
to change law enforce the law unless you
want to change the law it is the
executive branch not the legislative
branch the legislative branch legislates
the executive branch executes the
executive branch does not get to make up
its own body of law simply because it
wants to but because we think the
president is is some sort of king who
sits on top of a throne determining what
laws to enforce and what laws not to
enforce the Trump administration gets
all the blame Congress could solve this
today
they won't there have
too much fun demagoguing the issue okay
I'll talk a little bit more about the
demagoguery plus the DOJ has released
its AG report and the inspector general
that is testified before Congress
yesterday got pretty wild so we'll talk
about that in just a second you're gonna
have to go over to Daily wire comm for
all of that for $9.99 a month you too
can get a subscription to daily wire
that means you get the rest of this show
live means you get to ask us questions
so when you ask us questions on the
mailbag on Friday well you have to be
subscriber plus today we have the
conversation coming up 2:30 p.m. Pacific
5:30 p.m. Eastern I'll be sitting here
doing nothing unless you ask questions
so go subscribe and ask questions and
then we can answer all those questions
and make your life just immeasurably
better also for $99 er not $9.99 a month
cheaper than that $99 a year you get
this leftist year's hot or cold tumblr
it will enrich your life it will make
your life grand and glorious and of
course it get also grants you the power
of invisibility so you should definitely
get the leftist year's hunt or cold
tumblr I probably shouldn't say that
because that's false advertising but
nonetheless you can try it maybe it'll
work for you
I don't know maybe that's how you never
know I mean come on quantum mechanics
and all that anyway so go check that out
also give us a listen over at iTunes or
YouTube subscribe over there we always
have great new video content coming up
we have a new Sunday special that is
coming up a little bit later this week
you look like on Sunday because it's a
Sunday special and and it will be great
you will you will definitely enjoy this
particular one we'll be talking a lot of
sports so check that out we're the
largest fastest-growing conservative
podcast in the nation
so final note on the media's hysteria
over over all of this immigration stuff
so Gayle King over at CBS she said that
the Statue of Liberty is weeping these
sort of over-the-top rhetoric that is
now being utilized is astonishing here
is Gayle King from CBS you know going
full-bore full-bore you know kind of
daytime TV here all I can say after
talking to the people watching the
people listening to the people that the
Statue of Liberty I think is weeping
right now okay and then Chris Hayes over
at MSNBC
he actually tweeted out if I'm
remembering my third rent history
correctly I think the first use of the
term Final Solution was in a memo
describing an initial plan to expel all
the Jews from Europe the Jews were
citizens of Germany they were citizens
in their country the Nazis were not
trying to expel illegal immigrants nor
were they trying to prevent people from
emigrating into the country and they're
trying to expel legal citizens of their
country but Chris Hayes continues you
don't find it shocking with the response
to are you implementing a Nazi policy as
well but the Nazis wouldn't let people
leave well that is a bad response no
question but to compare this to Nazi
policy his ignorance of history and
ignorance of the actual policy on the
ground right now and again I am just
astonished by the fact that so much of
this was so much of this was happening
under the Obama administration nobody
seems to care as soon as it's Trump of
course then it's motivated by animus
against brown people according to the
press okay meanwhile in the actual story
that should be covered over the last
week right the Department of Justice
released its Inspector General report
and in that inspector general report it
was very clear that Peter struck who is
a top FBI agent who was in charge of the
Hillary investigation and the Russian
investigation was not only wildly biased
against President Trump but that he was
texting to his lover Lisa page another
FBI agent that he would personally try
to stop he'd personally tried to stop
from from becoming president pretty
clear he was saying using his official
authority how do we know this because
Michael Horowitz who is the inspector
general over at the DOJ at a nonpartisan
figure he came out he said I can't think
of anything more concerning than what
Peter struck did that should not run
downplayed by anybody I can't think of
something more concerning than a law
enforcement officer suggesting that
they're gonna try and use or may use
their powers to effect an election okay
when the next investigator general when
the next Inspector General report comes
about the Russia investigation expect to
see a lot more about strux
decision-making Horowitz also said that
James Comey former FBI director was
concerned about his survivability he was
less concerned about exactly what proper
policy would be in investigating the
Hillary emails situation instead he was
concerned about how he could keep his
job which is pretty obvious from the
report right the reason that he decided
to release that letter right before the
election that said that they're
reopening the Hillary email
investigation he said and he said it
openly is that he thought Hillary was
going to win and he wanted to make sure
that her presidency was seen as
legitimate so he was already trying to
get himself in good with the Hillary
Clinton said he could stick around in
his job but here is Michael Horowitz
saying exactly this I think that was a
concern we had certainly where it's even
clearer in that October time period
because we have testimony that indicated
that when he explained why when he
explained through his chief of staff why
he was going to do what he did on
October 28th okay the FBI is just filled
with bad actors it's just filled with
bad actors didn't mean everybody the
FBI's bad actor of course I know lots of
FBI agents for wonderful people but
there were key people in key places who
were bad actors okay James Comey is now
under investigation for mishandling
classified information according to
Michael Horowitz he's specifically under
investigation for his handling of memos
he wrote about his interactions with
President Trump well whose FBI director
you remember that James Comey leaked out
all sorts of information to his good
friend a former FBI agent as well Chuck
Grassley said Comey said he did not
expect a report on his handling of
classified information because quote
that's frivolous I don't happen to think
that's frivolous and then he said
question number one mr. Horowitz are you
investigating the handling of his memo
and does that include the classification
issues and should mr. Comey expect a
report when it is complete and then
Horowitz responded we received a
referral on that from the FBI we are
handling that referral we will issue a
report when the matter is complete
consistent with the laws and rules that
are a report that's consistent and takes
those into account all right pretty
amazing okay so James Comey is now under
investigation as well now all of this is
not to suggest there was some giant
conspiracy happening inside the FBI what
it is to suggest is that there was
basically an informal group of people
who all fought the same way and when
you're in a bubble with a lot of
Authority bad things can really happen
you see this on college campuses a lot
with professors who all agree with one
another
it's the reason there's media biases and
when there's media
against President Trump it's not that
everybody in the media are getting
together and deciding let's go after
president from today is that there is a
group think that happens in the media
because everybody in the media shares
the same political perspective and they
understand the social expectation which
is you're going to be a lot harder on
President Trump than you were on
President Obama well the same thing is
true inside the FBI when you have top
officials at the FBI who spent eight
years working with the Obama
administration very warm with the Obama
administration very friendly with the
Obama administration when you have
people there at the top who believe that
it is their use of authority that stands
between America and the darkness of
Trump why are you so surprised when
something bad happens this sort of what
happened with the IRS under President
Obama when the IRS began targeting
conservative nonprofits and I know
because I know - I personally know at
least - 501 C 3s that were targeted by
the IRS under Obama yeah when that will
that happen it wasn't that Obama had to
call down to Lois Lerner and say hey I
need you to shut down those 501 C 3 s
from the conservative side of the aisle
it was there was an expectation at the
highest levels of the IRS that they were
going to work hand in glove with the
Obama administration he can certainly
see the flavor of that happening in
these Peter's struck text and the text
of four of their FBI agents by the way
and the activity of James Comey there
were several assumptions that were made
in the course of the investigations
assumption number one is that Hillary
was going to win assumption number two
is that Hillary should win and that
really dictated a lot of the behavior
here it's extended an enormous amount of
the behavior here so you know when when
we talk about whether there was bias
inside the FBI yes but that bias doesn't
have to be a hundred percent
conspiratorial you can say that that
bias was was deeply troubling and had
impact without it being a deep
conspiracy and this is I think the way
the FBI is gonna sneak out of this is
they're gonna say well there wasn't any
deep conspiracy we weren't planning the
bias is that what the IRS did on the 501
c3 issue just because he didn't plan it
doesn't mean that there wasn't a
basically covert op happening or
essentially that there wasn't in an
informal conglomeration of people
working together toward a common goal
even if it was unstated what that common
goal would be okay meanwhile in bad news
for president Trump President Trump is
now threatening more tariffs so we'll
see how this goes we have a booming
economy a thriving economy and the
President of the United States is is
gradually escalating a tariff war with a
bunch of trade partners now I'm not a
the idea of tariffs in China I'm not
against the idea of putting economic
pressure on China for humanitarian
reasons and for security reasons I think
that China as a world power I'm not in
fact convinced that Nixon opening China
was something great for the world I
think there's a strong case to be made
that we should have continued to isolate
China and then maybe it would have
collapsed in on itself just like the
Soviet Union said if we had been willing
to actually go all the way Nixon was not
willing to go all the way he opens China
and instead China continues to be a
global threat and a regional threat
particularly but now President Trump is
escalating a trade war with China not
out of a sense of national security but
out of a sense that he likes trade wars
so according to the Washington Post
president from threaten Monday to levy
tariffs on nearly all of China's
products shipped to the United States
unless Beijing agrees to a host of
sweeping trade concessions a dramatic
escalation though enlist American
consumers in the brewing at us-china
commercial conflicts and the statement
Trump said he had ordered his chief
negotiator US Trade Representative
Robert light Heiser to drop a list of
200 billion dollars in Chinese products
they'll be hit with tariffs of 10
percent if China refuses his demand to
narrow the yawning US trade deficit and
change its industrial policies now this
is why you know this is stupid policy if
the president actually wanted to tackle
something meaningful what he should have
said is we're gonna levy these tariffs
unless you stop the violation of our
intellectual property right that's an
actual fraud issue we are going to tear
a few unless you actually liberalize
your regime for example or stop
supporting North Korea so much right
these would all be legitimate reasons
but if you are terrifying a country
because you have a trade imbalance with
that country as I've explained a
thousand times that's just stupid policy
this is like you saying that you have a
trade deficit with your local grocery
store so you are therefore going to shop
at a different grocery store that is
more expensive costing you more money
well then you'll have a trade deficit
with that grocery store too and what the
hell is the difference the president
warned he was prepared to hit China with
with an additional two hundred billion
dollars in import taxes unless Beijing
capitulates such a step would be
virtually unprecedented in US history it
would put nearly all of the five hundred
and five billion dollars in products the
United States imports from China under
tariffs Trump said the trade
relationship between the United States
and China must be more equitable the
United States will no longer be taken
advantage of on trade by China and other
countries in the world that is again
very foolish these this trade imbalance
talk is economically illiterate it is
economically illiterate there are
countries that have trade surplus
in our garbage there are countries let's
trade deficits like the United States
that are wonderful and again every
dollar that goes over to China has to be
respect on American products the big
problem has been the China has been
responding in on American bonds and
they've been basically holding up the
value of our dollar if they decide to
retaliate they theoretically could
undercut the price of our bonds by
simply selling our bonds on the open
market thereby tanking the dollar and
hurting the American economy tariffs are
a tax on American citizens you better
have a good reason to tax American
citizens if you're gonna tax American
citizens because you need to crackdown
in warlike fashion on somebody else well
then make the case that warlike fashion
has to be done but if you're doing so
because you want to strengthen America's
trade deficit then trade imbalance
that's really foolish so none of the
tariffs announced on Monday would take
effect until industries and consumers
have a chance to make their views known
in a 60-day public comment period this
is a threat the Chinese can't match the
Jeff moon a former US trade negotiator I
see this is a major growl to get the
Chinese to take his threats seriously
Rick health and binds presidents of the
american apparel footwear and footwear
association called the president's
decision up to to up the ante court holo
vindictive and reckless said it wouldn't
change with 130 billion in American
exports to China again I don't think
this is a good policy I think there are
ways that tariffs can be good policy
this does not look like a good policy
particularly because the White House has
already attempted to reinstate a legal
relations with the Chinese telecom giant
ZTE kzt II has put actual American
security at risk ziti products posed a
national security risk according to
Congress and could be used by the
Chinese government spying the United
States at the same time
Trump is pushing the idea of tariffs
he's also trying to help out ZTE which
is a Chinese government national
security spying apparatus basically so
none of that makes any sense the
president in the United States needs to
get his agenda straight on trade because
he has booming economy there is no
reason for him to undercut that booming
economy with with foolish policy when it
comes to free markets okay so time for
some things I like
then things I hate and then we will
deconstruct the culture a little bit
today because it is a Tuesday so things
I like today so I just this ad is just
spectacular so Richard painter is a
former George W Bush ethics lawyer he's
now Democrat he's up in Minnesota and
his cut I don't know what's going on
with the Democrats and their ads this
this election cycle but they've are
we've already seen a democratic ad in
which
guy pepper-sprayed himself in the face
we've already seen a democratic ad from
Maryland in which a gay guy kissed his
husband to show Trump to own the cons or
something and now Richard painter cuts
what has to be the most bizarre out of
the election cycle in which he stands
literally in front of a flaming dumpster
and explains how he is going to stop the
dumpster fire some people see a dumpster
fire and do nothing but watch the
spectacle some are too scared to face
the danger or they think it will benefit
them if they just let it keep on burning
others shrug and say oh all this talk of
a dumpster fire it's just fake boobs
there is an inferno raging in Washington
but here in the land of 10,000 lakes we
know how to put out a fire okay that is
spectacular stuff well done Richard
painter for the weirdest ad in the world
if you can't wash there's a natural
flaming dumpster behind him and when he
says that we know how to put out a fire
a bunch of water falls on the fire
you're right
no one in the world has ever figured out
that water puts out fire no one has ever
figured this out also Richard painter
when you're gonna shrug in front of the
camera like as someone who is not
natural on camera let me just say even I
can do a better fake shrug than that
that is really spectacular stuff from
Richard painter did them and there wow
it's magic it's just magic what right
just incredible I can do it all day the
shrugs it's just incredible but
apparently Richard painter cannot so
what I really love his stiff politicians
wearing ties from 1987 talking about
dumpster fires behind them in CGI my
favorite part also there's so many
favorite parts of this commercial the
fact that he is standing next to a batch
of trash like right next to him is
really spectacular also the fact that
they CGI'd the dumpster fire is pretty
spectacular as well like if you go back
to the beginning of the ad you can
actually see like a little line above
the dumpster like what is that how did
it like what it just really good job
Richard painter first I would almost
vote for him just because that's so
spectacular okay time for a quick thing
oh you know one more thing that I like
so Chris prep was at the MTV Movie
Awards Chris Pratt's awesome hey Chris
Pat is apparently a religious Christian
which I kind of heard rumors of but it's
pretty obvious that that's the case from
the speech that he gave at the MTV Movie
Awards which is frankly a speech that I
could have
except for his weird riff about pooping
in a neighbor's bathroom aside from that
he gave his his speech was really
fantastic so here's what he had to say
to all the Millennials in the crowd
number six
God is real God loves you God wants the
best for you believe that I do number
eight
learn to pray it's easy and it's so good
for your soul and finally number nine
nobody is perfect people are gonna tell
you you're perfect just the way you are
you're not you are imperfect you always
will be but there is a powerful force
that designed you that way and if you're
willing to accept that you will have
grace and grace is a gift and like the
freedom that we enjoy in this country
that grace was paid for with somebody
else's blood do not forget it
it's pretty spectacular stuff I mean
even as a Jew right I'm not I'm not big
into the hole in the hole paid for is
somebody else's blood routine as far as
your flaws but just as a religious
person this is wonderful I mean this is
so brave okay you wanna talk about brave
bravery in in public spaces and people
were like wow look at Robert De Niro
going out there and saying F Trump and
standing ovation at the Tonys because F
Trump then that brave everybody in the
room believes F Trump now Chris Pratt
goes in front of a room of Hollywood
people who are gonna go after this and
go smoke smoke weed and do cocaine and
nail a hooker right he's standing up
there going that and he's up there
saying that God is real you should
cultivate your prayer and you're a
flawed human being so you should see
grace and God like that's awesome stuff
good for Chris Pratt really good for
Chris Pratt one of the good guys in
Hollywood and just by me saying that I
may have lost him for jobs there so I
apologize to you Chris Pratt except I
figured that he's a big enough star that
he can probably handle it okay time for
a quick thing that I hate so there's a
new poll out
it's an episode survey it was conducted
for The Daily Beast it found there among
Republicans 19% of Republicans indicated
they hold a favorable opinion of kim
jeong-hoon 17% said they have a
favorable opinion of Nancy Pelosi I have
no problem with 17% of Republicans
saying that they have a favorable
opinion of Nancy Pelosi it really should
be zero but why in the world
with 19% of Republicans say that they
have a favorable opinion of the world's
worst dictator just because he'll hung
out with Trump doesn't mean he's a good
guy he's holding 25 million people in
abject slavery and 200,000 people in
actual gulags 68 percent of Republicans
said they held an unfavorable opinion of
Kim 72 percent said they had an
unfavorable view of Nancy Pelosi I think
Nancy Pelosi's got awful I think she's
just terrible she's a terrible
politician with terrible principles
she's also an American citizen who is
not spending her days actually keeping
people in slavery no she may be
pro-abortion but she's not forcibly
aborting people the way that Kim Jong
Un's government actually does so not
quite the same thing guys just because
you want to own the Lib it doesn't mean
you have to embrace the world's worst
humans okay kim jeong-hoon
is the worst he's an awful awful person
I can only hope that he dies in an
electrical fire he's a terrible person I
want to see him die in a painful way
okay I say this about only very evil
people
you keep 25 million people in slavery I
have no problem with you going and with
the worst form of penile cancer that's
fine with me okay so if Kim Jong Un's
gonna go and he's gonna but but the
point is this why would you possibly be
warm to the world's worst dictator
warmer than you would be to a Democrat
like I think Democrats are wrong - guys
I spent my entire life arguing why
Democrats are wrong but kim jong hoon is
a is a order of magnitude worse than
that so let's not do that let's not
let's not follow that her okay time for
deconstructing the culture so we haven't
done this in a couple of weeks
deconstructing the cultures where we
take a piece of culture when we break it
down for you or at least I attempt to
from my perspective of knowing nothing
about pop culture and I tried to explain
to you what it is that is being pervade
in in the pop cultural sphere because
the fact is more people know who Beyonce
is then know who any random Congress
person senator or governor is so she has
now cut a music video with her husband
but it is not good okay it's not good
rolling stone so that this this this
song is called ape bleep which is just
great
I mean it's just that it's the
sophistication is incredible they filmed
this at the Louvre and the shame on the
Louvre for allowing this sort of filming
at the Louvre right shame shame on the
Louvre for putting this kind of crap in
front of actual great art but I love
Rolling Stones take on this I'm gonna
redo a Rolling Stones take a little bit
and then we're gonna go through the
music video okay so in the video for
beyoncé and jay-z's ape bleep okay bleep
would be poop a poop the first visual
the pair's surprise joint album
everything is love except when jay-z is
cheating on Beyonce the two stars romp
through the Louvre in Paris
seizing center stage in a high culture
palace that like most Western art
museums historically made little room
for non-white artists Oh God so we're
gonna get an entire music video about
why the Louvre doesn't have enough art
by black people okay first of all Louvre
does have smart by black people
second of all the Louvre has a the
Louvre is a barn okay it has tons of
stuff from every various culture it has
Asian art it has African art it has
Egyptian art it has tons of stuff it's
just the most famous stuff at the loop
is Western art because in my humble
opinion Western art was the culmination
of Western civilization and Western
civilization is the culmination of all
civilization in my opinion I'm a big fan
so here is what the Rolling Stone
Rolling Stone says some of their mission
involves the strategic highlighting of
non-white images already in the Louvre
Beyonce and jay-z rapped in front of an
Egyptian sphinx and in galleries filled
with mostly neoclassical French
paintings white artists white subjects
the camera singles out black faces okay
I'm not sure why that matters
viewers catch brief glimpses of a pair
of black figures and Paolo Veronese is
painting the wedding at Cana where Jesus
turned water into wine as well as a
quick look at Marie giegi I mean venue
is portrait dude and egress a depiction
of a black woman staring guilelessly
back to the viewer why you would go to
the Louvre and the first thing that
would hit you is racial imbalance I'm
gonna suggest that the whole point of
art is to take the particular and
universal eyes it good art takes things
that are particular and then it makes
you feel a universal feeling that's what
great art does when you watch a movie
that has nothing that has to do with
people who are nothing like you you feel
something about Star Wars right
Star Wars is in a universe far far away
with people who are nothing like you but
you feel something about it because
there's something unique to every human
experience that also happens to be
universal to all human experience this
is why great art is extraordinarily
particular Tolstoy Dostoevsky these
people their writings are
extraordinarily particular it's not
generalities it's not broad generalities
is why I don't like a lot of modern
literature that I think draws broad
generalities great art is
extraordinarily particular because you
identify with other people the more
particular we are about those people if
I just say to you there's a guy who just
died in Zimbabwe you're not gonna feel
anything but if I describe that guy do
if I describe his entire life to you if
I describe his family to you you feel
more because I've now particular eyes
the subject great art does that okay so
of course if you have so the idea that
it can't be a universal piece of art
because it focuses on a white subject
simply idiotic okay but the rolling
stone rolling stone says this is just a
great piece of art dis Beyonce jay-z
video Beyonce and jay-z said about
interjecting blackness into a space that
has never placed much value on it
claiming one of the sensor pieces of
European culture with gleeful defiance
they frequently filmed themselves moving
in opposition to the frozen stillness of
painting by jacques-louis David David at
French neoclassical artists whose works
like the oath of her a she and Madame
Erick MEA invoked the greco-roman
tradition much of the potency of the
eight video comes from the contrasts
from between the white art on the walls
and the black women on the gallery floor
so it's all about race of course and now
we're supposed to believe that the art
being created by Beyonce and jay-z
is actually better than these great
works of classic western art quote
throughout the ape bleep video Beyonce
and jay-z repeatedly upstaged some of
Western classical arts most famous
images in one of its central sacred
spaces and then they talk about how it's
much more lively right these people who
are dancing are much more lively it's
not only Beyonce who eclipses the art
just a few scenes before the singers
victory over Venus de Milo yeah right
I'm sure that beyonce is victorious over
Venus de Milo uh-huh a line of her
dancers sway back and forth in the
foreground while another white marble
statue the winged victory of samothrace
looms it nerdly behind them right idiots
it's a statue it can't move Wow you mean
people moving is more lifelike than
people not moving I cannot believe it
wow you really you really upstaged Great
Western art see the thing about Western
art folks and all art is that it's
supposed to outlive the person because
all the people in this video they go and
die that statues still gonna be there I
love this Beyonce and Tracy standing
from the venus de milo one of the moves
most famous well-known statues the kind
of white marble creation then is
synonymous with european high art the
statue is inert and famously armless
beyonce is fluid fierce and in perpetual
motion because she's a living human Wow
so is my two-year-old baby he has arms
and he moves okay wouldn't say that he
upstages the venus de milo for when to
move in fact I wouldn't bring him in the
loop cuz he knocked over the venus de
milo and then i would be broke so we're
not gonna do that okay so now i actually
have to show you some of this video and
I'm gonna read you some of the lyrics
because this is the art that Rolling
Stone says upstages the venus de milo
and the Mona Lisa and the great Canon of
Western civilization okay this is the
video okay you ready for this here we go
in front of naked people lying on the
stairs and then doing situps
weird
okay all these people are doing dance
motions and then we have some close-ups
of various great pieces of art and then
Beyonce and jay-z sitting there very
bored in the Louvre because who isn't
bored in the loop and then then standing
in front of an Egyptian an Egyptian
pharaoh and then all these people again
on the stairs of the Louvre basically
doing sit-ups and then Beyonce sitting
in front of winged victory in a giant
white dress that looks like it ate her
alive I mean listen to this great art
it's just spectacular okay so this is
the part where they say that John Luiz
David's work is being out upstaged by a
bunch of dancing women right because it
turns out that we went to a strip club
it would probably upstage Western
civilization okay that that's just the
way that works because it turns out the
human beings what this is this is her
fierce motion we're watching Beyonce's
fierce motion in juxtaposition to art
that doesn't move according to Rolling
Stone the level of stupidity of that
review is just astonishing and now we're
supposed this is the kind of art that we
are told is upstaging Western
civilization okay right for this I'm
gonna read you some of the lyrics now
because you have no idea what the hell
they're saying right he said that but I
have no idea what the hell they're
saying so here is what the actual lyrics
read okay stack my money fast and go
fast like a Lambo skrt skrt skrt I'd be
jumping off the stage ho jumpin jumpin
hey hey crowd better savor crowd goin
ape hey I can't believe we made it this
is what we made made this is what we're
thankful for this is what we thank thank
I can't believe we made it this a
different angle have you ever seen a
crowd going a poop rah the magic the
magic I mean I just I can't I can't
believe when I saw this video I
immediately thought burn down the Louvre
I mean we've got our art right if this
vid this video will last the test of
time this video 1,000 years from now
when people have forgotten about
Beethoven when they have forgotten about
the Mona Lisa when they have forgotten
about the Vinci when they have forgotten
about the great works of art they'll
when they forgot about Rembrandt when
they forgot about all these people the
one thing they will remember is give me
my check pay some respect on my check or
pay me in equity pay me in equity watch
me reverse out of debt squit he got a
bad bitch bad bitch we live in lavish
lavish doesn't even rhyme I got expense
for fabrics
I got expensive habits okay that is four
separate lines none of which rhyme bitch
lavish fabrics habits okay none of those
rhyme
he want to go with me go with me he
likes you rule the weed roll the weed he
want to be with me be with me he want to
give me that vitamin D D ice ornaments I
she styled tournaments woo
you ain't on to this no don't they think
on to this no yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah
bought him a jet I don't and there's no
there's no possible way to say that
Western art could possibly survive this
sort of genius
Pat I got nothing guys I mean I really
know beyond this I can I just point out
something Beyonce I used to sing songs
remember that remember that time that
Beyonce used to sing cuz she has a nice
voice and now she just sort of mumbles
like Rihanna
you remember that like that it was so
nice when she used to sing like you
watch her and dreamed oh my god that's a
talented lady and now she just does kind
of spastic motions in front of a camera
it goes and I what I don't know what
you're doing okay but apparently this is
great art we should all be we should all
be honored to breathe the same oxygen as
Beyonce and jay-z I love that jay-z
basically just stand he just sits there
the entire time and does nothing like
literally the entire video jay-z just
sits there and does nothing right like
here he is standing there in an outfit
from 1975 with his giant medallion and
Beyonce just starts thrashing around
like this shot right here right right
there's a bunch of those where he's just
sitting there and suddenly Beyonc he's
thrashing around and all this guy is it
yes you're right the Louvre Western art
Western civilization hey here's this is
my favorite hey here we go
and jay-z's like I don't know what's
going on man hey like hey he like JJC
just standing in the background going I
don't even know where I am like why I'm
in this video I don't know what I'm
doing here yeah great art great art this
is this is this video better than this
is America I don't know because that was
the greatest art I've ever heard of this
is America this may be even better than
this is America because this is France
gang
so alrighty so we will we will be back
here tomorrow with much much more
hopefully no more terrible music videos
but we'll be back here I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Senya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover
and our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Alex and Garo audio is
mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is
by Jess wah
of era the Ben Shapiro show is a daily
wire for word publishing production
copyright Ford publishing 2018
