we're live it's Friday and this is
Friday live see how clever we are with
that name honey we show crowds
I'm Michael Knowles welcome back you
know thank you it's very nice to be back
from my honeymoon I'm a little crispy or
as you can tell so jealous I know it's a
I'm really adding to the diversity the
Sicilian skin bronzer and let your
pretending I kid you not I put on set
like 60 or 70 degree SPF five times a
day
yes is degree yet but I slathered myself
I was under an umbrella because these
Sicilians get like crispy like the Sun
you know yeah if if we're allowed to be
outside fair we got a lot to cover today
all right let's go so we first have to
tell everybody everybody thank you for
filling us in on who you think might be
the next celebrity to visit the White
House my guess was Snoop Dogg because I
think that like justice reform and pot
stuff is important yeah so and I said
least likely would be George Clooney
this week we've got a lot of least
likely leads would be Rosie O'Donnell
and of course after his performance on
Sunday night Robert De Niro yes
De Niro I really hope that it's a Snoop
Dogg because I don't like Snoop Dogg and
I don't want to spring criminals out of
prison and I don't want to make all the
pot people happy that's all of my
opposition to he goes and he just
smooshes with Trump and makes him feel
special Trump would do all this yeah if
he says nice things you know or what but
I really hope that it's Snoop Dogg
because anyone who goes to the White
House who's a celebrity gets total flak
for it forever you know Rob Lowe is
being dragged through the mud in saris
and real mess I hope it's new priam to
the White House and then have them
destroyed in the media will be the least
likely celebrity to go the land George
Clooney
yeah the least likely salatu go with
Rosie O'Donnell because to quote our
president the mind the mind it's just
not there I don't know who put her on TV
Rosie is a loser along the president a
lot of people said that the entire cast
of the view but mainly Joy Behar would
never go to the White House Oh a lot of
people said that maybe country artists
like Toby Keith who is a Democrat by the
way but he's from my home state of
Oklahoma but he's more moderate Democrat
he's performing the last couple of our
in seats he's throwing concerts and
stuff so he might go you know why they
won't let the view him why it's a
security threat they don't let cackling
hyenas near the president because they
are they're scrappy they don't you know
they wouldn't allow the secrets
this would put a kibosh on it instantly
somebody says that they think that
Evangeline Lilly would visit the White
House first from the Bureau idea who
that is gorgeous girl from lost she was
in ant-man she's gonna be an ant-man in
the wild which one was she in lost she
always dated what's-his-face
there was the love triangle between her
Jack and Oh cutie pie no I don't see
visits the data wire office I wanted to
go to the white I have seen her before
in person like numerous times and she is
stunning oh yeah oh my gosh hey I'm a
married man I can't think of no he was
spinning his ring earlier I was like
doll noises I'm gonna tell so he little
is on you so next week stay tuned for
that poll because you need to check that
out and our pool on the Instagram is all
about the World Cup which you talked
about this week this is the most
controversial thing I've ever said on my
show I I didn't expect this but I made
the observation with the god-king Jeremy
boring that soccer is a good sport
for the third world where all you need
is some dirt and a like I don't know a
human head or a bowl of paper to take
our argument for why it's potentially
popular in those areas but it's an
argument for why it's not fit for
advanced cultures which need really
complex and expensive sports like
baseball and cricket and then decadent
cultures which just want to do
gladiatorial combat like football those
are for like good civilized places what
about boxing and MMA and cept where does
that fall yeah that's all right yeah
it's very civilized it's a gradual a
totally very expensive all those
hospital bills thank you you and Jeremy
truly hate soccer yeah and I hope this
doesn't get me fired it's because any
man that has ever played soccer is
hotter than you everybody ate sucker
when I was three years old I mean all
the children know soccer is really good
for little kids and by the way I don't
think that's a very that's a very
awkward thing to say on the air but
every man who's ever played saw you yeah
your husband's played soccer no he is a
kid he played soccer no it's important
in college he played soccer he's close
your daughter's soccer team this fall
yeah that's good
man David Beckham not a real man no well
here's the thing they're the only two I
know but they're honest I already said I
said do people say soccer is great I say
name me - no I know I said two people in
history of played soccer living or dead
other than daily trying to Rack my name
wrote great you know why this is a
really big deal because if we're hosting
the World Cup in 2028 or whatever it is
how we plan on air bein being my house
by the way for the LA Olympics and but
how are we gonna it's gonna shut down
traffic with all those like middle
middle aged suburban moms driving their
minivan is in boxes to the players well
we will carpool and we will not be
drinking juice boxes it will be like us
going to see Chippendales in Vegas but
so that's our Instagram poll are you
watching the World Cup I don't know my
five-year-old wants to watch our own the
spy girl wants to watch it but there's
no Team USA so I'm like who do we cheer
for I don't know because right it's all
third world countries and decadent
countries that are becoming USA is
because we didn't qualify and that's
just unbearable and so that our adults
are doing real things like you know
building companies and drilling for oil
and playing baseball then playing soccer
I'm so it gives me hope for America that
we're not yet in the World Cup and we're
getting concussions
yeah we're and we're getting concussion
expensable expensive hospital bills yeah
there's a little Iberia play you know
soccer or whatever Nigeria or something
there's North Korea have a World Cup
team this should be something that we
look into Iran has one right like yeah
yeah you're right this are like the
biggest state sponsor of terror in the
world they can play soccer
we can play civilized things like okay
squash do you think it was civilized or
a good idea for Trump to meet with Kim
jong-un and what are your what's your
whole take on the meeting I think I have
the least popular view of all because
some people want to cheer and say it's
the greatest event in the world some
people wanna say its total disaster I
think it was probably a pretty good
first step as we're still on the track
to a peace deal chances are I guess
history is precedent that it's going to
get derailed at some point but all
basically a small win and you know we
can hope for the future I would say it's
a small win if Trump had not said the
things that he
said the last couple of days he said you
know he's a talented guy first of all
he's a talented guy obviously wrong guy
he was a stronger and he wishes that his
Trump's people acted like UN's like
Kim's people this is what's so distant
also let's just go on to the the bush
regime so the bush regime no sorry
slip-up there but like the Bush
presidency the Obama presidency the
Clinton presidency even though there
hasn't been open dialogue there have
always been back channels through like
the CIA the State Department and all
that stuff right but failed back
channels because the Kim dynasty has
always lied to us and yeah they're liars
things we have to consider is there
working in coercion or collusion or
whatever you want to call it like you
know that's what we're going with Russia
no if you want to talk about real Russia
collusion though it is the North Korean
regime and what they're doing with
Russia Iran and China yeah in the face
of the earth sure I look at you know the
Human Rights atrocities and the the bad
guys that they're working with itself
and I just don't think that
sweet-talking them is gonna work the
Trump said it very first of all we've
tried a lot of other things and that
hasn't worked and I agree it's
distasteful to hear the president say oh
this guy he's a strong guy sure but I'm
like brush off the fact that otto
warmbier was essentially tortured to
death right but here the the aspect of
Trump what Trump is saying and he
actually said this on TV he said look
I'm saying nice things about Korea
because I think maybe it's a strategy
that will allow us to denuclearize
really the art of the deal to announce
what your strategy is and knowing that
Kim is watching it oh I don't know the
guy's been very successful Trump he you
know he took out seventeen opponents
took out the bush dynasty the Clinton
dynasties it got the lowest unemployment
forty four years he's got the you know a
great the IMF says very good thinking
maybe we should trust this guy a little
bit I know don't put your faith in
princes but he's he's got a pretty good
record for a bizarre first couple years
of a presidency maybe we can be hopeful
on you know is that to say that we're
gonna be nuclear eyes I'm not gonna
predict the future but I'm not gonna
believe we'll see so we got to wrap up
thank you everybody for watching Friday
live but real quick we have to know you
talked the other day on our special
Father's Day Roundtable about how all
throughout your ceremony there was this
discussion of how Catholics have to have
lots of children
oh you cats like a very pro-life probaby
when do you think I'd be sure to comment
email us youtube comment whatever when
do you think Knowles and sweet little
Lisa will have their first well yeah
yeah you know - to quote Telemachus in
the Odyssey it's a wise man who knows
who his father is this is a big country
I don't think I have any children yet
though I'm also not kind of wood so
we'll see I don't start to predict the
future everything you know you're on
like what no I'm not gonna talk about my
little horde of little microbes that I'm
going to create okay and they're not
gonna play soccer I have an
inappropriate question that I just have
to ask okay how does marriage feel any
different than living in sin
well no listen I'm still living in grave
sins all around I did you know it I will
say something you know on a practical
level you think we've dated a long time
right you know your high school
sweetheart it's so cute but I will say
the the sacrament of marriage the moment
we finished the ceremony
yeah things changed it felt quite
different and I think it's because it is
a sacrament right you go up and you
publicly before God in flames
yeah and it becomes a new thing there's
this new union formed I was I was
actually surprised by that yeah I didn't
expect it but you know you've gone going
through me I didn't live in Malaysia was
like an innocent you know Lilly but for
me I've been sitting since a day I was
born and but it it really does feel like
a different thing and it's really gives
me even more faith in in the sacraments
and all right so get to some baby-making
I guess now are well we need more
conservative children so everyone have a
great weekend this is Friday live we'll
see you next week
you
