in a recent interview with Sean Hannity
president Trump revealed that he and Kim
jong-un had a discussion during their
Singapore summit in which they compared
the Trump administration to the previous
administration of president Lama bahama
whatever the hell his name was it's hard
to remember now that his legacy is a
barely remembered wisp of ash blown into
nothingness on the hurricane winds of
history but in fact we do have a video
of the summit discussion in which Kim
can be heard discussing president O'Hara
here it is and I'll provide the
translation i well remember mr. Osama or
a Brahma as an anti-american pantywaist
whom I plan to eat for lunch before he
ran away in fear and terror of my mighty
power and I laughed and laughed and
laughed
wait when Kim was told that the previous
presidents name was actually Obama he
apologized and said it was hard to
remember now that president bananas
legacy had vanished like a childhood
crush with the coming of true love this
remark - applause from his admirers
after which the first person to stop
applauding was put to death trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Clavin Joe
all right happy birthday the president
trunk did you realize it's his birthday
today
it is its president Trump's birthday and
happy Clavin las' Father's Day to the
rest of you as a Father's Day Father's
Day gift we have the sage of
south-central Larry elder with us in the
studio to discuss his incredibly a
really powerful book called a lot like
me a father and sons journey to
reconciliation but we will we will
discuss the book at length but we will
also get some political wisdom out of
the guy because he is one of the great
political commentators and we have to
talk about candid company which is a
company to help you with your teeth now
this is a company seriously that will
get you accessible and affordable
orthodontic care I'm not using it but we
forced Knowles to use it and actually
it's really going well here we have a
before picture and we die that's the
after fair there's the before picture
and then we have the after picture so
you can see how well it this is between
you gets straighter and brighter in an
average of six months it cost sixty five
percent less then braces candid makes
clear aligners that are sent directly to
your home and are customized
specifically for you to straighten your
teeth you could have a real orthodontist
consult with you and other companies
just use let you know use a dental
professionals whatever that means but
this is a real orthodontist he will
consult with you Candace treatment time
is an average of six months and will
save you thousands compared to the other
guys you're one step away from getting
straighter whiter teeth take advantage
of candids risk-free modeling kit
guarantee plus when you use my dedicated
link candid co.com slash Clavin you'll
save twenty five percent on your
modeling kit that's candid co.com slash
Clavin to get twenty five percent off
the price of your modeling kit handed
co.com slash Clavin and with your new
teeth you can say very clearly how how
do you spell Clavin it's KLA the KN
alright you know the IG report is coming
out today at may already been leaked a
lot of it but so we're gonna wait and
talk about that on Monday because I hate
talking about stuff off the top of my
head what we are gonna talk about oh I
also have to remind you so much stuff
going on here so much they'll have to
talk about for I get to talk about
politics it's almost time for the next
episode of the conversation that's
Tuesday June 19th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern
2:30 p.m. Pacific it's Ben Shapiro this
time so you know he will answer all your
questions with absolute certainty if the
questions will be asked by the lovely
and talented Alicia Alicia Krauss the
Q&A will stream live on YouTube and
Facebook for everyone to watch but only
daily why our subscribers can ask Ben
questions to submit your questions log
into daily wire.com head over to the
conversation page to watch the live
stream type your question into the daily
wired chat box to have it read and
answered on the air subscribe to get
your questions answered by ben shapiro
on tuesday june 19th at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific join the
conversation alright let it stay we got
to do a kind of final wrap-up of the
reaction to this summit and what we're
seeing because Trump even interviewed
Bret Baier the other day is driving
people crazy and I'm seeing it very
differently than everybody else has seen
it there are some people saying oh
everything Trump does is great and some
people saying oh this is of the worst
disaster ever and I'm seeing it very
differently you know I've been in a lot
of negotiations in Hollywood when I
first came out to Hollywood and I first
started work writing movies a lot of
Hollywood guys were Harvey Weinstein
types
I mean Harvey Weinstein is a type he may
have been the worst of that type but I
worked with more than a couple guys who
were Harvey Weinstein types of very very
big producers who were known to throw
chairs at people to kick people out of
cars it seriously kicked there you know
it's like when they would fire their
assistant they'd just kick him out of a
moving car and I was only negotiating
mikoshi eights was these guys for a lot
of money but here's the thing I didn't
do the negotiating my agent or my lawyer
and sometimes both did the negotiating
why because they could be nasty they
could you know to say all the stuff that
I wasn't gonna say they could be nice
they could flatter the guy when I might
not do that they did it and I didn't
have anything I didn't have to I had so
much at risk
it was my livelihood my property that
was being negotiated that I might have
gotten nervous I
might have given the game away and done
something wrong the negotiators you know
are very very different kinds of people
than the creators creators are kind of
you know thinking people there they're
out there you know working and they're
in their own heads the negotiators are
very active while they're negotiating
and I saw this a million times they are
absolutely convinced that they are in
the right I have had people who are
actually friends say to me like why did
why do you have to go to your Union why
why do you have to have a union and
that's it to protect me from you because
you're my blood I would never come after
your blood just give me everything
you've got and it'll be fine you know I
mean they do not understand they have
complete self certainty they do not
understand your position they never see
it from your point of view and that's
and then no matter what they say to you
in negotiations and they can call you
terrible things
threaten you you know tell you you're
never work in Hollywood again
what's the contract to sign you're their
best friend it's fine it's all it's all
over all that stuff didn't mean anything
Trump is the negotiator Trump is a
negotiator and and that is driving
people crazy because the negotiator is
not thinking about what he's saying
right now he's not thinking about the
fact that he's calling you names he's
not thinking about the fact that he just
insulted your mother he's just thinking
about getting the property into his
possession he's thinking about getting
to the end of the negotiation and this
is creating really really a really
different kind of presidency that is
taking a lot of people a lot of time to
adjust to and I don't blame them I'm not
saying that everybody should just adjust
to it but let's let's just take a look
at a couple of cuts of this bret baier
thing and you'll see what I'm talking
about
I mean when he talks about his
negotiation with Kim it's all about him
it's all about what is happening in this
room and that's not I mean it is
narcissism but it's the narcissism of
negotiation let's take a look
Bret Baier asked him why you know the
Kim's have lied to us again and again
they played Obama they played Clinton
they played Bush everybody why's it
going to be different with Trump and
listen to his answers cut won so North
Korea you know they've agreed to things
before
they've agreed to several things but
that's with a different president and
nobody's taking it this far and
presidents have never met with anybody
from North Korea it's been you know
delegated to other people and even if
they did meet they wouldn't have been
able to pull it off but this is
something that should have been done
years ago I mean you've heard me say it
many times this should have been done 10
years 15 20 years ago this shouldn't be
done now where they have an arsenal of
nuclear weapons it should have never
allowed to get to this point with that
being said chairman Kim wants to resolve
the problem because he knew that we
weren't playing around I wasn't playing
around he's not playing around it's all
about this relationship and he is
thinking about that every minute he's
always thinking when he's talking on the
into the camera to Bret Baier he's
talking to Kim that is the thing you got
to understand everything is negotiation
you know when I was in negotiations they
would sometimes take me out and they
wanted a piece of property from me this
is an old joke in Hollywood that you
know it's like you you don't realize
you're in hell until the contract is
signed because they treat you so well
sometimes during a negotiation they take
you out to these beautiful restaurants
you know they they wine you and dine you
and then you signed the contract you
never see him again
you know that that's the thing to
everything he's saying and everything
they're doing in negotiation is about
that negotiation so here's the next
thing that he said and this is what
appalled Trump not only Trump's critics
but people who actually want to like him
this is the thing let us make no mistake
Kim jong-un is a monster he is a guy I
think he once had people executed with
like an anti-aircraft looking blue to be
you know he's he's a he's a monster from
a movie he's that bad a guy so there
asks him about that and Trump's response
has caused an absolute firestorm hey
when you take over a country tough
country tough people and you take it
over from your father I
care who you are what you are how much
of an advantage you have if you could do
that at 27 years old you I mean that's
one in 10,000 that could do that so he's
a very smart guy he's a great negotiator
but I think we understand each other
but him he still some done some really
bad things yeah a bunch of a lot of
other people done some really bad things
I mean I could go through a lot of
nations where a lot of bad things were
done so that wasn't as bad as when he
was talking about Putin and they said
Putin kill people said we've killed
people too like at least he wasn't
comparing him to us which I so that's
that's actually a step up for trophy and
understanding but it is you know it's
appalling to have the American president
say basically what a talented fellow he
killed all his competitors that's what
he's saying
it's like you know he's is admiring him
for something genuinely genuinely bad so
there are two approaches to this that I
think are you know we're also ready to
jump down each other's throats nowadays
we're also ready to yell at each other
and scream at each other that we don't
always listen to one another and these
two approaches can both be right at the
same time and I'll show them to you I
will not just tell you about them I'll
actually show you the two approaches at
work once we have discussed Skillshare
which I just love it's an online
learning platform with over 20,000
classes in business design technology
and more I told you I've sampled their
writing classes just to see if they
would that would have been good advice
for me when I was young
definitely would have been I'm looking
into their music stuff I used their
podcast classes when we made another
Kingdom they're just things you can you
know we look at it's like a classroom
taught by experts and it's good for you
whether you're trying to deepen your
professional skill set or start a
sideline or just explore it like a new
passion a hobby skill share is there to
keep you learning and thriving and it
really is it really is worthwhile and
it's it's you know they don't charge you
for every lesson once you've paid you've
paid join the millions of students
already learning on Skillshare today
with a special offer just for my
listeners get two months of Skillshare
for just 99 cents that's right
Skillshare is offering the Andrew Klavan
Show listeners two months of unlimited
access to over 20,000 classes for just
99 cents to sign up go to Skillshare
comm slash Andrew again go to Skillshare
comm / andrew structure two months now
for just a buck that Skillshare comm /
andrew try it out
okay so last night on special report
Molly Hemingway
is debating this with Eli Lake from
Bloomberg okay and Molly has been a
fierce defender of Trump but I think an
honest defender of Trump she will go to
his floor she will talk about it but she
is ferocious and sometimes yeah at first
when I would see her I used to say it's
nice that like a young lady can stand up
to all these guys now I fear for the
guys lives you know I just think like
hey Paulie don't kill them we need them
tomorrow but but she is saying she said
you know she did say I wish Trump would
talk more about the civil the human
rights abuses but he's trying to
accomplish something and eland I like
who had previously in the same show said
you know I want I do not want the
American president praising this monster
here's the interchange between them you
have this thing with neoconservatism
militarism fused with moral idealism
that seeks to achieve everything but
ends up accomplishing nothing and doing
so at a huge cost of blood and money and
so I think it's important that we
understand we have our national interest
here we want to keep from getting into a
nuclear war and we will hopefully
substantively deal with human rights
abuses which are serious and need to be
dealt with that's not our first concern
if I may respond an old neocon
militarist by the name of Ronald Reagan
managed to negotiate arms control
agreements and have a relationship with
Soviet premiers and still keep a
laser-like focus on the dissidents who
were rotting in their gulags and when
the Soviet Union fell that was something
that many of those former dissidents
when they were free remember they said
it was something that gave them hope I'm
sorry but I hold out that kind of
expectation I'm not expecting a
negotiation where Kim jong-un suddenly
becomes a Jeffersonian Democrat I
understand that's not going to happen
but at the same time there's a
difference between that and having an
American president basically become in
some ways sort of you know part of the
dictators lie about his popularity with
his own piece now we didn't want to show
the part where afterwards Molly ripped
out his throat with her bare hands but
that's okay you know author's making a
fair point that Reagan was able to go in
and negotiate with Gorbachev in a very
tough
Reykjavik but at the same time was
always always focused on what was wrong
with the Soviet Union and all this big
differences first of all I hate this
thing of comparing Gorbachev to Kim
Gorbachev was a rational leader of a
failing slave state but he was a
rational reformist of in a failing slave
state and Reagan pushed him to the brink
and got him to do what we needed done
Kim is Looney Toons I mean Kim is Looney
Toons
Reagan also was not the negotiator the
negotiation was done by his guys and
then he went in and he did do some
really good negotiating in the room but
it wasn't all based on him and and their
relationship it was also based on the
work that had been done everything for
Trump his relationship and everything is
being done with this guy who is out of
his money you know he's he's a monster
he's not Gorbachev and he's much more
like now it's much more like Nixon with
Mao much more of a like a just a guy who
will do anything and and the whole thing
is his Trump is negotiating we have to
understand every word he says as part of
a negotiation but the justification for
negotiation is winning as Trump himself
would say so we got to say if he won we
just don't know yet and all these people
telling you it's over it's over even
Trump telling you it's over and we've
won is wrong we just don't know yet
we'll have to see what happens next
however where Trump is winning is
politically at just amazing and you
you've got it you have got to hear the
left is beginning to stink of fear they
see this thing coming these midterms
coming and they thought this the blue
wave was a sure and certain thing and
suddenly I Vox is writing well maybe not
no you gotta listen this is an amazing
column from knucklehead row let us
journey to knucklehead row
knucklehead rose the op-ed page of the
New York Times named that because each
one of their writers is more of a
knucklehead than the last Frank Bruni
one of their top knuckleheads you know
if all you knew about gay people or
black people was the op-ed page in The
New York Times you would be a homophobic
bigot you know it's like all the gay
people I know are great people I you
know the black guys on our gray PL but
if you reach people your times you think
oh my goodness there's a terrible Frank
Bruni writes this amazing column it's
called dear Robert DeNiro Samantha bee
and other Trump haters he says I get
that you're angry I'm angry too but
anger isn't a strategy sometimes it's a
trap when you find yourself spewing
four-letter words you've fallen into it
you've chosen cheap theatrics over the
long game
catharsis over cunning you think you're
raising your fist when you're really
raising the white flag you're right that
Donald Trump is a dangerous and deeply
offensive man and that restraining and
containing him are urgent business
you're wrong about how to go about doing
that at at least you're letting your
emotions get the better of you when you
answer name-calling with name-calling
and tantrums with transforms you're not
resisting him you're mirroring him
you're de minute you're not diminishing
him you're demeaning yourselves many
voters don't hear your side and he goes
on to say he says and here's his
strategy right enough with idiot and
moron their school yard and splenetic
enough with Hitler has Trump shown
fascistic tendencies yes but is he the
second coming of the Third Reich no nor
or the spar the spineless Republicans
who have enabled him Nazi collaborators
not on the evidence of what hasn't
hasn't happened so far he says and when
you make the diarist predictions you
Meade lessly put your credibility on the
line the stock market didn't go into
freefall after Trump's election we're
not at war with North Korea I'm not
ignoring the grave flaws and galling
giveaways in his tax overhaul and I'm
not minimizing his disregard for
diplomatic norms I'm noting that when
you extrapolate too wildly into the
future
you sometimes wind up distracting people
from what's happening in the here and
now what I want you to notice about this
is he never says your predictions were
wrong so maybe you should stop before
you make another prediction he doesn't
say that he says this is bad strategy
he doesn't say you're you've revealed
your hatefulness and and maybe you
should check
- stop being so hateful maybe you should
think about what philosophy leftism has
made you so hateful it doesn't say that
he says when you're hateful when you
show people that you're hateful you give
the game away you give the game away
they won't so I prefer myself Bernie
Sanders Bernie Sanders socialists Kyle
honeymooned in the slave state of the
Soviet Union whoa whoa I hope they're
taking dissonance off to the gulags
Bernie was singing sweet love songs to
his wife in the soviet union bernie
makes a speech in which he just openly
tells you what the left is doing we are
obviously in a pivotal and unprecedented
moment in american history and the
fights that we are waging are not just
for ourselves more importantly they
offer our kids our grandchildren and the
future of this planet and if anybody in
this room but i know it's not the case
here but anybody in this country who
thinks that now is the time to throw
your hands up and give up you are dead
wrong now is the time more than ever to
stand up fight back and i want to thank
all of the groups here because whether
you know it or not you have helped
transform this country in so many ways a
few years ago just a few years ago and i
want you to think about many of the
ideas that we talked about were thought
to be fringe ideas radical ideas
extremist ideas well you know what
because of your efforts those ideas are
now mainstream american ideas
his purpose he just said it we took
extreme radical ideas and turn them into
mainstream ideas and in a lot of ways
he's right even the fact that we have to
argue about whether men are men and
women or women even the fact that we
have to argue about socialism is an
amazing thing I mean socialism has
destroyed everything it touches it's
like a miasma it's like a poison gas
that leaves everything dead in its wake
and yet we have to have this argument
again
because they have managed to D in dis
inform our young people about the truth
of history and the ideas of the founding
and so you know when when these guys
smell fear what they smell is exposure
when they when they are afraid they're
afraid of being exposed they're afraid
the Trump is actually selling us
something that we need which is
Americanism it is an amazing thing the
Trump who is not the most well briefed
person on our founding principles is yet
opening the way for those who do know
about our founding principles to bring
them back into the mainstream of
American thought and do the opposite of
what Bernie is talking about you can see
there they're scared they're scared of
them now and good because they're but
you know you want to see you want to see
why I say that take a look at there's
this organization we love campus reform
and they go on the campuses and they
interview people so in the wake of this
kind of amazing cake bit Colorado cake
baking case where two justices actually
basically said that a man should be
forced to express his celebration of gay
marriage when he doesn't believe in that
campus reform went out and interviewed
some students listen to these listen to
these results is a long cut but it's
worth listening to because he then wrong
foots them so just listen to the whole
thing okay I find appalling but if his
job is to bake a cake for a wedding yeah
even if he doesn't agree with it he
should still have to bake a cake for
that wedding but do you think that he
should be forced to make a cake for a
gay wedding I definitely think so people
have a right to eat the cake but they
want to eat yeah I mean I feel like he
should have to he should have to make
the cake because it's his job like he's
a baker I think that he should
definitely make the cake for them if
there were an african-american Baker and
someone came in and asked them to make a
cake for
a KKK rally should they be forced to do
it but there are bakers their job right
um well dad no I mean like a fish in it
but like I guess that kind of just like
contradicts what I just said but yeah um
I'm not sure on that subject look at the
difference
no because the KKK is directly hating
them as a person meanwhile gay people
aren't hating the Baker for being a
baker mixing it up how about should a a
Jewish Baker have to make a cake for a
Palestinian wedding we are in America
and if you're gonna open a shop you have
to be willing to accept all customers
that are gonna walk into that shop as
for his religion I think that his
ability to exercise his freedom religion
ends when that encroaches on another
person's ability to be who they are yeah
it's like morally wrong not to bake the
cake but like it's honestly like his say
since it is his business while I think
it's wrong for him to discriminate I do
think it's within his rights to deny
service so finally the last two guys get
it right a couple of kids get it right
that they don't like what he's denying
them the birthday cake but he has the
right to do it but what's so interesting
is that no teacher has ever challenged
them no one has ever taught them what
this guy comes out and does when he
wrong foots them well why does he have
to bake for a gay guy if he doesn't have
to bake for the KKK in other words what
you're saying is he has to bake for
people whose opinions I agree with but
not for those whose opinions who don't
agree with and once you have that in
place we've lost our freedom of speech
but the fact that no one is maybe Frank
Bruni should be telling people hey you
know what not only don't be hateful not
only don't make stupid predictions but
also change your opinions change your
opinions and then maybe you'll be able
to sell something to the American public
besides your resistance in your hatred
all right
you know if you haven't already heard
the Andrew Clavin show is now available
on Amazon Alexa and the Google home
device if you use one of these Virtual
Assistants you can get my podcast with a
simple voice command once you enable the
skill on Alexa or ask Google to talk to
the show for more information check out
our pin tweets on Facebook and Twitter
so listen this is the place where we
usually break away from Facebook and
YouTube but we do not want you to miss
the great Larry elder talking about his
powerful new book a lot like me about
his reconciliation with his father so
we're gonna stay on but that doesn't
mean you shouldn't subscribe in fact
it's even more reason for you to feel
tremendous tremendous aching guilt until
you hand over your lousy ten bucks for a
month or a lousy hundred bucks for the
whole year for which we will not only
give you all this entertainment and let
you be in the mailbag but we'll give you
the leftist tears tumblr as if it were
for free even though it's obviously not
come on over and subscribe we got Larry
alder coming right up Larry elder is and
has been for a long time one of the best
political commentators out there that is
why his show the larry elder show is
syndicated in over 300 markets but he is
also the best-selling author of such
books as the ten things you can't say in
America which I loved by the way
showdown confronting bias lies and the
special interests that divide America
but this is a very personal book a lot
like me a father and sons journey to
reconciliation Larry it's good to see
you thanks so much for having me drew I
appreciate it it's a real pleasure so
let you know you have been I mean you're
the guy you know first of all it's
always strange to see you when we bump
into each other you know you live in the
little radio in my car I'm always
strangers you actually are a real human
being I really am I have arms legs five
pounds juicy-fruit why why did you get
off the political topics to write
something so personal there's a lot like
me one day at the end of my radio show I
spent about five minutes talking about
my father that next day I gave a speech
before a bunch of veterans I did Q&A
every single question had to do with the
five minutes I did it by my dad and it
struck me that maybe just maybe what I
said on the air had struck a chord with
people what I talked about briefly was
the fact that my dad and I did not get
along when I was growing
I hated the SOB but I thought it was him
not me I have two brothers we all felt
the same way whenever we talked about
him Banton sob dad's an sob I couldn't
wait till I got big enough and strong
enough true to grow up enough to kick
his butt that's how much I dislike this
man he seemed ill-tempered and not
ill-tempered about the same thing it's
one thing if you get mad about a and
then you don't do a but he'd get mad
about a and then you do aid he's not mad
about it so you didn't even know what
was wrong I mean he just seemed I wanted
what I even had kids if you're gonna be
this angry and treat him like this why
even have them that was my attitude
towards my father growing up
unfortunately he starts a cafe when I'm
around 12 years old so I have to work
for him hated working for my head he
would blow up at the smallest thing when
I was 15 years old I said to myself the
next time my dad blows up at me and drew
we're talking about a little diner now
18 19 seats the the grills right in the
middle so when he yells at me everybody
can see it and I'm I'm 15 years old
embarrassing ya s words sometimes I
could forgot to do this I forgot to do
that and in my opinion that was very
efficient I've my dad in my opinion was
just out of control I would love to tell
you that I said to my father
let's sit sit down let's see here pal
we're gonna have it out I was afraid of
him
so I told myself the next time he yelled
to me I'm gonna leave that is rebellion
my dad yelled at me in fact the waitress
called in sick that day it was just my
dad and me the waiter the little cafe
was full of people
my dad yelled at me I walked out Wow so
you're 15 16 years old you just don't do
that to my father he came home he was
furious he said to me as I lay on my bed
why did you leave and I said dad I got
tired of the way you spoke to me my dad
paid me 10 dollars a day plus tips he
bought up the ten dollars he threw it at
me as I lay on the bed he walked out of
my bedroom we did not speak to each
other for ten years and when I say don't
speak I mean nothing my dad came home
late and I was about ready to graduate
from high school so I was able to avoid
him and then I went to college in the
East Coast law school in the Midwest I
got a job with a big law firm in Ohio so
for 25 years basically I avoided the guy
when I would come home to visit my
parents I just make sure he was never
around and we just didn't speak for 10
years now I'm 25 years old I should be
living large I just passed a California
bar the Ohio Bar I got a job with a with
a major law firm right now the salary
for somebody at
a firm like that at 25 years old was
about $150,000
I should be live in March and living
living big I can't sleep I'm having
difficulty and it's about my father I
know it's about my father not that I
ever thought we'd be friends but I
thought we should at least clear the air
so I called my secretary I said cancel
all my appointments I'm going to LA I
didn't want my dad to know I was coming
I don't want him to prepare for this
confrontation which I thought would last
five or ten minutes I walk into the cafe
I had two big bags my dad was shocked to
see me mm-hmm and he said I put your
bags in the back it's a no dad I'm only
gonna be here for five or ten minutes I
want to tell you something cuz you're
gonna tell him off no tell him off and
he tell me off and I thought it would
last about five or ten minutes at least
be clear the year I'd be able to sleep
uh-huh
my dad came out and I told myself before
he sat down Larry don't tee off on him
just give him the highlights other
things he's done to you said to you this
bothered you don't tee off on him he sat
down and I teed off on him
I spoke almost twenty minutes non-stop
you can see how I can go and my dad drew
just took it I talked about every
whipping every spanking everything here
but he just took it every now and he
leaned over pour some more coffee he
just took it and finally I was out of
ammo I had nothing else to say I was
spent and my dad looked up and said is
that it you didn't speak to me for 10
years because of that hmm he's let me
tell you about my father and for the
first time I saw my dad cry I did not
think he had the ability to summon tears
my dad told me about his father elder
turns out elder is not his biological
father
I didn't know that he was in his life
about four years he was a alcoholic who
was physically abusive to him and to his
mom my dad came home at the age of 13
years old this time had a fight with his
mom's then boyfriend she had a series of
boyfriends each one more irresponsible
than the one before she didn't really
work they would skip her in all the time
so they stayed in some room and my dad
was crawling with his mom's
then-boyfriend
she sides with the boyfriend throws my
father out of the house never to return
thirteen year-old black boy Jim Crow
South Athens Georgia at the beginning of
the Great Depression I defy you to find
somebody who had a hand dealt like that
my father walks down the road takes any
job he can get ultimately he became a
Pullman Porter for the trains they were
the largest private employer in those
days and my dad's black boy from the
south was able to travel all around the
country which
i opening for him and he came to
california once on a run and then the
weather was nice and people seem less
racists more friendly my dad made a
middle note maybe someday i'll relocate
to California who knows Pearl Harbor
my dad joined the Marines I said why
he's there two reasons they went where
the action is and I love their uniforms
my dad was stationed in Guam he was a
staff sergeant in charge of cooking
comes back to Chattanooga after the war
where he had met married my mom to get
him a job as a short-order cook which is
what he always wanted to do he always
wanted to cook he went to restaurant
after restaurant after restaurant he was
told we don't hire inwards he went to an
unemployment office the lady said you
went through the wrong door my dad goes
out to the hall sees colored only goes
to that door to the very same lady who
sent him out go home to my mom said this
is BS I'm going to California and get me
a job as a short-order cook comes out to
California walks around for two days I'm
sorry you have no references I'm sorry
you have no references my dad said I
work for free just give me a reference
I'm sorry you can't do that you have no
references they treated him the same way
out here as I did in Tennessee a little
more polite of a light yeah went to an
unemployment office one door this time
a lady said we have nothing my dad's at
what time do you open she's at 8:30 what
time we close five I'll be here at 8:30
I'll be here at five the first thing you
have I'll take my dad set in the chair
for a day and a half lady says I have
something I don't know that you want it
my dad says I'm sure I want it what is
it she said you'll be cleaning toilets
for a nabisco bread my dad took that job
for 10 years took a second job with a
bread company called Barbara Ann bread
also cleaning toilets went to night
school at night a couple of nights a
week to get his GED and cook for a
family on the weekends to make more
money the man never slept which was why
drew he was so cranky and tired all the
time you go day after day week after
week month after month year after year
with virtually no sleep and you come
home and a house full of three
rambunctious boys how are you gonna feel
8 our conversation he's telling about
his life and he's getting bigger and
bigger and bigger and I'm getting
smaller and smaller and smaller at the
end of it I said dad I am so sorry and
my father said don't be
you just didn't know but please follow
the advice of always given you and your
brothers hard work wins you get out of
life what you put into it you cannot
control the outcome but Larry you are
100% in control
of the effort before you bitch moan and
whined about what somebody did do you go
to the nearest mirror look at it and say
what could I have done to change the
outcome and finally he said no matter
how good you are how hard you work bad
crap will happen how you respond to
those bad things will tell your mom and
me whether or not we raised a man mmm so
the book is called a lot like me because
at the end of this 8-hour conversation I
realized I was a lot like me yeah
I'm talking about how we much don't
really care to go to party we talked
about personal habits likes dislikes and
they were almost identical and I wrote
the book because 40% of kids are raised
now without fathers yeah 40% in the
black community at 73% 25 percent of
white kids are raised without fathers
half of the Hispanic kids are raised
without fathers it is the number one
social problem in this country and I
didn't say and Obama said a kid raised
without a father is five times more
likely to be poor nine times more likely
to drop out of school 20 times more
likely to end up in jail
it is far and away our biggest social
problem but it's not a death sentence my
father's life shows you that and my
father's attitude was you have an
obligation to pick up the cards and play
them to the best of your ability that is
your duty that is your obligation and if
you do that he says people will help you
if anybody had a reason to be angry at
the white man pick up a gun and go after
people is people like my dad the whole
generation but they didn't they worked
hard they progressed they recognized
that things are a lot better right now
my father before he died told me he
cannot believe how profoundly different
the country is and so I'm encouraging
people to recognize we are blessed to be
born in America and if you have a mom
and a dad in your house you are doubly
blessed and if you don't though it's not
a death sentence you still have an
obligation to pick up the cards and play
them to the best of your ability and in
America you can do that you know that is
an amazing story it is an amazing story
that's amazing that you had the the
inner fortitude the manliness to accept
what you were hearing when you went in
there to take his head off and then you
heard that story and you thought oh I
got it my life wrong I got my whole life
but you it to me that is amazing quality
now all I hear is I hear people you know
I hear the victimhood I go around and
talk to colleges I'm sure you do too and
I hear that they are very committed
all of them to feeling oppressed as you
say your father could have felt
oppressed I'm sure there are times in
your life when you could have felt
oppressed how do you deal with it you
know you know drew it's a lie people
talk about how Trump lies all the time
the Trump says this about crowd sizes
and stuff like that the left lies
profoundly about serious things that
affect the course of this country it is
the lie that women make less money than
men make for doing exactly the same work
otherwise any self-respecting employer
male or female would fire all the men
hire women and pocket the difference
it's a lie it is a lie that racism
remains a major problem in America and
to and to foster that like causes police
officers to back up become less passive
for fear being called racist and as a
result crime has gotten worse in places
like Baltimore in st. Louis it's a lie
to tell people these kinds of things
it's damaging people it's hurting people
the teachers union does not want parents
to have the option to take their kid out
of an underperforming bad school that's
kind of stuff we ought to be talking
about I went to Crenshaw High School
that's the school around which that
movie boys in the hood was made only
three percent drew of kids at the school
today can do math at grade level
now it's also a Crip school meaning the
Crips have adopted the school which is
why I ste told me he wanted to go there
if you're across the street from that
school you are mandated to send your kid
to a school that's a Crip school we're
only three percent of kids can do math
at grade level Republicans want to give
you an option Democrats don't and you
pull the lever for the Democratic Party
beam me up Scottie listen I cannot let
you go first again the book a lot like
me an incredible story a lot like me a
father and sons journey to
reconciliation great gift for Father's
Day that's right I cannot let you go
without asking at least one political
question because I'm already almost out
of time okay but give me give me a take
on on Trump you know all I hear and we
played a clip the other day a montage of
people calling him racist right ah what
do you think I'm beyond pleased you're
beyond plea beyond please it's better
than I ever thought he would do I'm not
happy with some of the protectionist
stuff that he's doing but I think it's a
negotiating ploy I think he's gonna want
to keep them up hopefully he'll it'll
cause our allies to drop their tariffs
against us as well we have tears also
that we that we use we protect milk and
sugar let everybody who are allies drop
all of our tariffs that's probably my
only quarrel with them outside of that
what the left has underestimated when
they when they talk about him having a
cult of personality I hear that this
morning on CNN bob Corker said that's
almost a cult what it is is finally a
Republican standing up against the media
and I can't tell you how much this is
resonating with people yeah you know the
New York Times has never has n't hasn't
endorsed Republican president since 1956
the Washington Post has never endorsed
Republican president only 7% of people
and the media is according to a Pew
Research defines themselves as
Republican 93 percent called themselves
something else we are overwhelmingly
left-wing in the media and every idea
that Republicans have get smashed every
Republican president in my lifetime has
been called a bigot Ronald Reagan was
called one Maxine Waters called George
Herbert Walker Bush the good Bush erase
this w was called a race of course Trump
is called a racist and the media allows
people to get away with it why is it
that al Sharpton is even viable why'd he
have a show on MSNBC yeah the guy who
falsely accused the white man of raping
a black teenage and their apologised
they got him on tape an FBI tape talking
about a cocaine deal he old five million
dollars in taxes he referred to the
black mayor of New York as an n-word
whore I mean I it blows me away
where are the media on that why is why
is a short Farrakhan enjoying a good
relationship with so many members of the
black and personal caucus there's a
picture of Farrakhan with with with
Obama why aren't the media calling in
these Democrats out for embracing this
bigot as they would if a white guy
embraced David Duke I don't get it so
Donald Trump is raising these double
standards calling him out for the first
time a president really has done that in
a in a in a gutsy way and he's using
Twitter and Facebook he's got add up all
of his Twitter Facebook fans he's got
more following the New York Times
Washington Post put together and he's
using that power and hallelujah Larry
elder you can see why is one of my
favorite political commentators if
you've never heard him you should find a
larry elder show but also get a lot like
me a father and sons journey to
reconciliation Larry it's great to see
you and thank you so much for coming I
hope you'll come back any time drew
thanks a lot you got it Susan you got it
all right stuff I like
who did that one alright I gotta I gotta
say that was such a powerful interview
there's a little hard for me to
transition but I will I finished
watching altered Carvin I recommend it
quite highly lot of nudity a lot of
language and all that so be aware of
that they it's funny Jeremie boring the
god-king of the daily wire said it's got
a lot of what's the word exploitative
nudity what's the word they always use
that unnecessary nudity but the
unnecessary nudity is necessary and
that's exactly right because they're
trying it's about the body altered
carbon is really fascinating to me
because it is in a genre that was
created by Blade Runner and the genre is
this a tough guy detective is
transplanted from the 40s essentially
not not really but in the story is
transplant planted from the 40s into a
world in which the nature of humanity is
under question and he starts to have to
solve a mystery in a world where the
real mystery is what does it mean to be
a human being and that movie was made so
long ago and I've talked about how great
I think the original movie is the one
that the director Ridley Scott doesn't
like that's the great one because it has
the voice-over and it really works but
it didn't become a genre until now now
it's suddenly become a genre as we move
closer to what they call transhumanism
and things like this in some ways my
piece and other Kingdom the podcast
starring Michael Knowles is part of this
idea of mystery being solved in a world
where it's not quite clear what the
reality of humanity is altered carbon is
about a guy it's about a world in which
you get a sleeve a new body and they
transport your your connectome I guess
you'd call it a little disc from one
body to another so you can stay alive
for a long time and they bring this guy
back
this essentially p.i this tough guy back
to solve a mystery here's here's the
trailer we'll play a little bit of the
trailer
your body is not who you are you said it
like a snake sheds of skin
we transfer the human consciousness
between bodies
to live fraternal life I will live I've
been down 250 years
if you are the property the Bancroft
industries you've been provided with
this body which came equipped with
military-grade uric M in combat muscle
memory
mr. Koh that I didn't ask you to bring
me back into this world what I ask of
you is that you solve a murder whose
name it's really good stuff Joel
Kinnaman who I first saw in the killing
playing the kind of shambling assistant
to the lead detective the minute I saw
him I thought wow this guy is
sensational now they've turned him into
an actual leading man and he's a real
star in this and he really has a lot of
charisma and a lot of screen presence
got a lot of good action scenes a lot of
good twists I recommend it was ten
episodes maybe it'll have a sequel I
guess if it makes money it'll have a
sequel that's the way America works
right if anything makes money gets a
sequel but altered carbons really good
stuff Father's Day is coming so is the
Claver this weekend you're on your own
for Father's Day and all I can tell you
is too bad you know it's funny before
when I came in before the show started I
asked all the guys if they'd ever heard
of Jimmy Durante and they'd never heard
of the man who was once called the great
durante in the era of Sinatra and those
guys he was one of the top stars he had
this enormous nose and he was called the
schnozzola that's what they call them
there's dead the great durante the
schnozzola and he had a voice like this
but that voice which was kind of funny
was also a great jazz voice so we will
go out with Jimmy Durante if you've
never heard him listen to him he is
terrific I had wonderful sense of humor
really good a great performer a great
performer
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show Clavin this weekend is upon
us
survivors gather here on Monday
and all the young
Lisa's got this far my embraces all day
through
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike core Mina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
you
