this is actually getting to the central
point of your TV show and my criticism
of the I don't trust him
negotiating anything for us I think the
Donald Trump is a Russian asset I don't
think he knows it what's your evidence I
don't think he does it what's your
evidence he's in love with Putin he has
it he is a Putin does have something on
him what is it what people let us
investigate he won't let us follow
through they battled in our election he
said every time they met on the election
they spent $100,000 on Facebook ads few
not adjusted to our own intelligence
what what interventions are you
referring to because I'm citing 200,000
okay you aren't privy to it because it's
the NSA the CIA and the FBI they've
shared all that with a metal
specifically because it's easy except
I'm not privy to it either can tell you
a higher percent certainty I can share
that with the fielded Ike I can tell you
how the Russians meddled in the Elaine
by the way I think they fixed the
election for Delta it's not like they
just spent a hundred thousand
illegitimate president and he knows it
and that's why he's fighting this he's
this is not the president he doesn't
deserve to be the president Tom it's in
ideas not the president he's an
illegitimate president I know everything
he accused Barack Obama that's him he's
not the president he took all our health
insurance away I don't know he did that
yeah Donald that's another thing he is
trying to take people's health insurance
away just because Barack Obama gave it
to that Tom I liked my doctor and I
didn't get to you want to do I quit my
present he's gonna do it again is it 18
and dumb folks could make sure he
doesn't stop him he's not protecting our
our ballot boxes are voting machines you
know that Russia do it again
Donald you should listen the Senate had
a hearing yesterday and they're freaked
out about it because he's not doing
anything about it that bothers me
bori is a basic tenant of our vegetable
that's why Republicans are trying to
protect the integrity of the ballot box
why did they show up for that Senate
hearing Republican centers did not show
up where is their beholding Donald Trump
at any time if you want to protect the
integrity of the ballot box do you think
that people should have to show an ID to
vote I think you should protect us from
Russia
number one not from Americans protect us
from outside
mccain john mccain usually not great
advice
