you've got a boy Angie about a girl
exactly the same right from birth
exactly the same I mean except for you
have to be an insane person to actually
think in the society that says the boys
and girls are the same is the stupidest
Society in the history of mankind anyone
who's ever dealt with small children
boys and girls knows there is a
difference
hey girls are sweet and wonderful when
they are small okay they actually can
sit and they can play and they're really
nice and then boys are insane boys are
just suicide machines all they do is try
and run into the street and break their
face on things
and they're nuts there it is true that
what a father does for for a boy versus
wait does for a girl when you're a
father for a girl you spend most of your
time trying to protect your girl against
and this is true throughout life I think
you spend a lot of time trying to
protect your girl from from various
threats from the outside because this is
the job of a man toward his wife as well
is the job of a man's when his daughter
and to his wife and to warn your
daughter that men are not to be trifled
with right there that men aren't can be
very threatening right the right man can
be the best thing in the world for you
there are plenty of terrible guys out
there and it's your job as a dad to
protect your daughters from that for a
son your job is to train your son to be
a gentleman because boys either build or
they destroy there is no in-between from
the time that they are small children
there they're building a tower of blocks
or they are knocking down that tower of
blocks and all they do all day is this
and so if you don't train kids to be a
gentleman boys to be a gentleman they
will turn out to be jerks they'll turn
out to be destructive people women also
to girls I think I have three younger
sisters and it seems to me that one of
the big differences between teenage
girls and teenage boys is that teenage
boys this is true for men generally tend
to be destructive of others right when
they when they act out they tend to lash
out at others and hurt other people they
tend to not care about other people they
tend to hurt other people girls tend to
be self-destructive they tend to turn it
in on themselves this is why anorexia
and bulimia are so much more common
among girls than among boys they tend to
really be tough on themselves and so
there is a certain amount of steam
building that has to go into being a dad
toward a girl that does not have to
happen with a boy before a boy it's
mostly you keep yourself under control
and this is why you see single
motherhood has an impact on girls but it
has much more of an impact on boys when
there's no father in the home to
actually take care of boys or if there's
no community of fathers right there's a
study that was just done that shows that
the single greatest predictor of teenage
crime is not actually only single
motherhood in a particular home it's
single motherhood in a community so
there's a community of men around they
can sometimes fill the gap that's left
by a particular father in
community but men have to be there to
model for boys what it is to be a
gentleman and to be a defender of
decency as opposed to being an aggressor
because boys were not offenders become
aggressors it's important for a boy to
grow to be a gentleman and I know my
father told me I'm sure your father told
you be a gentleman associate with other
gentlemen if there are certain clubs
having just recently had a bachelor
party it's so important to a gentleman
club this is there's that great book by
Harvey Mansfield called manliness and he
talks just about this part of manliness
and what a father needs to teach a boy
is manliness is being a gentleman
you know after basically after Nietzsche
after God is dead manliness can go
pretty wrong it can get pretty wild it's
kind of what they talk about on the left
but they they label all masculine
anytime an looks at a woman and she's
pretty oh it's toxic masculine and also
the way human beings appropriated for
the last but it is there is there is a
destructive part of manliness and it's
got to be restrained by being a
gentleman if you don't teach your boy to
be a gentleman he's gonna grow up and be
a little monster but even at the same
time though when we talk about being
gentlemanly or being a man being a man
according to what though that's the
problem because we can talk about being
a man all day but what does that
actually mean what does that really look
like or being a gentleman to how you
gonna cheat a woman and stuff like that
because we're gonna have different
standards and different models of what
that looks like and and all of those
things they they're they don't really
have a solid foundation so to that end
what do we look towards to be a model
man a model gentleman a model father a
model husband you know what do we look I
mean for myself you know I think people
would know that my answer is gonna be
the scriptures I look to the Bible
exactly I look towards him and I look at
his statutes on how to do that but I
think that's one of the bigger problems
is that that's one of the things that's
promoted you know it's like you got to
be a man okay a man according to what
you know so unless we really get solid
with that a lot of people reject what
the truth is on that and that's another
prom
