this is actually really fascinating so
for those who don't know I wrote an
entire book about the history of
television and one of the chapters in
the book I talk about the evolution of
fatherhood on TV and there is this
amazing evolution of fatherhood that
happened for social reasons where the
Left started pushing the idea that a
woman was liberated if there was no
father in the home and you know
everything from Murphy Brown to the
Simpsons basically portrays fatherhood
as useless if you are father and the
most famous fathers on TV in the last
thirty years of all been doofuses right
I mean the Homer Simpson is a doofus
Phil Dunphy whose scene is like a good
guy he still a doofus he's an idiot I
cannot really think Modern Family is the
best written comedy uh network
television I can't watch it because of
the rain every father on TV every major
show on TV has a father John Goodman on
Roseanne every father on TV is it is
either backwards or stupid or just a
bloviating dolt and that's not how all
of these things were modeled like if you
go back and you watch Dick Van Dyke Show
Dick Van Dyke is a good father right
he's somebody who even though he's kind
of klutzy he's a good guy who actually
knows what he's doing for the most part
and that certainly true and shows like
fathers knows best or the Waltons
okay I grew up on my dad used to go to
Eddie Brown Saturday matinee and rent
all those tapes used to watch nothing
but old shows yeah and there was this
purposeful attempt in the 1970s and 80s
move away from the model of the father
who at the end of the show would
actually try to model the behavior the
last gasp of it probably was actually
family time pebbly ties rang out the dad
and family ties was but he was a liberal
right so the idea was that he was
liberal lecturing his wayward a
conservative son Michael Michael J Fox
about why he shouldn't be conservative
anymore but TV has moved to I mean you
can't name by making the husband father
character on television a lovable doofus
they're at least making him lovable and
if they prove if they present him as
masculine and strong he is not lovable
in the sort of value set of the people
who write motion but this is what so
hilarious is that if you actually watch
the sitcoms that were the ones that work
now are the ones that actually have a
deeply conservative character who
immediately becomes the most popular
character on the show because the de
facto father figure right if you watch
Parks and Rec and you welcome Ron
Swanson Ron Swanson is the most popular
character on the show and he is Leslie
knope's father figure she comes to him
for advice he tells her what to do he's
grumpy he's conservative the same thing
is true of Alec Baldwin in 30 rock he
does the same thing for Tina Fey it's
exactly the same sort of thing it merely
speaks to a larger issue through
responsibility of the people who make
these things that they actually are you
know one of the things we heard
especially is the 60s and 70s and 80s
came on as we would hear from sports
figures and we'd hear from actors well
you know I'm not a role model I'm just
doing I just do this for a living they
actually are they actually with their
fame as spider-man will tell them with
you know with those who have much have
great responsibilities know this these
things really deuce is that is the party
that drives me and give us a chance to
look for something that maybe we can't
find it
