should Republicans still talk to outlets
that are hostile to them the New York
Times or should we tell these lefty
mouthpieces to go pound sand and second
are there any good journalists that you
would still recommend these guys are
doing hard work
they're not just partisan hacks to great
questions on the first one yes we should
talk to them because you don't cede
ground you don't grow the audience you
don't allow people to hear conservative
ideas if you ignore them
I believe just like you know that if you
look at what what the church does in
terms of missionaries the idea is to go
out there and to spread the good news
and I think if you are a social and
fiscal conservative then part of what
you want to do is go out there and
explain to people because what happens
more than anything is a lot of these
Main Street outlets either you know
cover conservatives in a very nasty way
or don't cover issues of importance and
so by being out there it allows people
who might be watching this oh hey I
never thought of that issue in that way
or I never knew that I shared the views
of you know a particular person who
might be espousing them on a policy or
what have you and so I think it's a
great way to grow the movement and
secondly yeah there are a lot of great
reporters in that briefing room and you
know the interesting thing is and I
actually have a part in the book where I
talk about this where there are some
really good reporters at a lot of
reputable outlets it's not it's not
always just the broad brush the
Washington Post New York Times or
whatever there are good reporters in a
lot of these institutions and what I
want to do is make sure that we call
balls and strikes better that we call
out the bad reporters and then we praise
the good ones because when we just say
fake news or the New York Times is
horrible then we sort of dismiss the
ones that are actually doing a decent
job and I think what what has really
killed things is two things one is
social media where reporters
almost acted as if people don't have
Twitter accounts themselves because they
express these opinions and things that
really expose their liberal bias and
second is the need for a lot of these
reporters to get on television will make
them say and do outrageous things to
sort of get themselves booked
