I didn't want to talk about any more
about this Elizabeth Warren show but
this is Elizabeth Warren's story but I
got to talk about it because of the
media because of the way the media is
doing it and I want to just talk about I
want to tell the real story here so you
actually can see what is going on you
know there's an old Latin tag fall so
and you know false and Omnibus severe
false and one thing you'll be false and
everything and so as you're listening to
the story as you're hearing it on NPR on
ABC on NBC at the new in the New York
Times is any left-winger asking himself
huh if they would lie about this if they
would twist this if they would con me
about this what else are they conning me
about what else are they scamming me
about how much of their opinions are
false what about their movie reviews
what about their headlines is everything
just a scam from these people I think it
is a fair question to ask when you see
this because here it is laid out right
in front of you all these headlines
saying Warren confirms her Indian
heritage Warren gets her ancestry right
Oh Donald Trump was wrong about this
this remember this is Donald Trump he
has been kidding her calling her
Pocahontas supposed to be focus on tha's
right because his FAU X she's some fake
Pocahontas Harvard when she was teaching
there listed her as one of their women
of color she put on federal forms that
she was Native American when she taught
at Penn law school and Harvard Law
School when Trump challenged her okay
when she was put on the dime because
he's obviously was lying
she told this story over and over again
her parents it was supposed to touch you
move you so you wouldn't say so you'd
feel the Trump was being mean feel the
Trump was being mean to the poor Indian
woman you know first you take her land
then you you know you kill her tribe you
burn her teepees and then you insult her
by saying she's not really so she would
tell the story so some wag at the free
beacon just strung together all the time
she has told this story
here's Elizabeth Warren on different
shows telling the story over and over
again about my family let me tell you
the story of my family
my mother and dad were born and raised
in Oklahoma my mom and dad were born and
raised out in Oklahoma my mother and
daddy
born and raised in Oklahoma my father
fell in love with my mother when they
were both still teenagers my daddy was
in his teens
I fell in love with my mother my daddy
first saw my mother when they were both
teenagers a beautiful girl who played
the piano a tall quiet girl who played
the piano he was just head over heels
over her and he was head over heels in
love with her head over heels but his
family was bitterly opposed to their
relationship and his family was bitterly
opposed to that but his family was
bitterly opposed to their relationship
because she was part Native American
because she was part Native American
because she was part Native American
my parents elope they eventually eloped
they survived the Great Depression they
survived the Dust Bowl they survived the
Great Depression the Dust Bowl Dave went
to a lot of hard times a lot of knocks
they raised three boys my older brothers
all of whom went off to the military
they raised my three brothers all of
whom headed off to the military they
hung together for 63 years
they hung together I know who I am
because of what my mother and my father
told me from our mom and our dad what my
grandmother and my grandfather told me
from our grandparents what all my aunts
and uncles told me from all of our aunts
and uncles it's a part of who I am and
no one's ever going to take that away
it's a part of me and nobody's gonna
take that part of me away they'll I deal
is you got no Indian blood she goes out
she gets a friend to test she doesn't
even send it to 23 and me like a
reputable company she has a friend and
he had this they all have to do this
because they don't have a lot of Native
American DNA to test it against right so
what they tested against they used
samples from Mexico Peru and Colombia
so she could be a little tiny drop Aztec
maybe but all of this all of this is to
find out that she has between 1/64 and
one 1,024 of some kind of you know
native North American blood maybe maybe
okay because
test seems bogus to me but me let me
play Matt's idea shop who I follow on
Twitter who I really like he's very
funny he put out what one 1,024 of the
movie Pocahontas looks like here it is
Warren is most I mean really it is
nonsense most Americans are twice have
twice as much as she does
