so the nationalism versus patriotism it
gets to some of the aspects of tribalism
that we've talked about because there is
I think it's fair to say good tribalism
is and the tribalism of ideas and then
there's bad tribalism as in the
tribalism of race or the tribalism of
class things that you can't change about
yourself that you are born into this
would be bad tribalism and tribalism of
ideas where you are part of a group
because you identify as part of this
group these would this would be a
tribalism that is less likely to be a
problem recently I read a book by it's
bad gonna come out in September actually
buy your hezonia
over the Herzl Institute and he's very
big proponent of nationalism and the
reason that he's a proponents of
nationalism and not just patriotism is
he says that there are these set of
customs and histories that play into the
the creation of the tribe and to simply
kind of intellectualize tribalism - well
I agree with you on this list of
propositions therefore we are now part
of the same tribe ignores the fact that
people have a natural inclination to
identify with people who have a similar
history a similar culture a similar
language what do you make of that
argument is there any way to bridge that
particular gap so my standard analogy
about all this is that you know every
poison is determined by the dose right
and so nationalism is a little bit like
salt a pinch brings the meal together it
combines all the flavors well it brings
out the flavors it really sells the dish
a little too much
it ruins the dish way too much it's
literally toxic and so I'm with Roger
Scruton I haven't read this you know I
don't have the connections you do so I
haven't have you got any I haven't got
the bootleg copy this book yet but I
have absolutely no problem with the
arguments from people like my colleague
rich Lowry or from from Roger Scruton
but a little nationalism is essential
you need some sort of sense of social
solidarity and cultural affiliation that
binds you together my problem is is that
if you listen to Ryan Salaam or are rich
this this idea of net of a politics of
national unity to me is much more
problematic because when you say that
the highest ideal is not not patriotism
which is basically a creedal idea right
it is like there's a certain set of
propositions that we agree on but is
instead this sort of far more mystic
idea I mean Ryan and rich in your on my
probably I would think in fairness not s
no nationalist right they're not saying
that only one ethnicity or true
Americans or true Israelis or any of
that kind of stuff right but nationalism
becomes very difficult to define
particularly in a multi-ethnic society
where there isn't an enormous amount of
consensus around customs and it turns
out that the consensus is around the
creedal stuff not the Kotler weird
cultural stuff and so manufacturing this
sort of national this this concept of
nationalism i think very quickly becomes
exclusionary to a lot of people it will
certainly be seen as exclusionary by a
lot of people but what concerns me more
is getting it's sort of getting back to
this microcosm versus macrocosm stuff
the government in washing or the central
government is the only institution that
has any claim of speaking for the whole
nation and so almost invariably when
political parties who have control of
government take up the mantle of
nationalism it becomes it becomes either
socialism or some other form of statism
and one of the it's weird there's this
vestigial thing from Marxism that still
teaches people that socialism and
nationalism are opposites which is a
fight that the Trotskyites lost in the
soviet union about 1926 they're not
opposites they're far more often the
same thing read a speech by fidel castro
read a speech by hugo chavez and replace
every instance of the word socialist
with nationalist and everywhere instance
of the word nationalism with socialism
it doesn't change the meaning that any
of the sentences when you nationalize an
industry you're socializing an industry
nationalized health care is socialized
medicine so part of my problem with
nationalism is that if you want to put
teeth on the bones keep them the bones
that's not right you want to put flesh
on the bones that's the cold medicine
kicking in if you want to put flesh on
the bones on a nationalist program the
only way to do it is by having some sort
of large federal and federal government
endeavor so that's part of my problem
with it
