one of the serious issues that we in the
media have to deal with and I want to
start this conversation today because
I'm still trying to figure out for the
media outlet that I run exactly how we
ought to cover issues like Anthony
Bourdain and suicide there is something
called the worth or effect because the
worth artifact is a very well studied
phenomenon it's essentially copycat
suicide when a person who is very
prominent commits suicide there are a
lot of people who begin thinking a lot
more about suicide fixating a lot more
on suicide thinking of it as a glorious
out
I remember after Robin Williams death
the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and
Sciences put out a tweet of the genie
right because Robin Wings played the
genie saying you're free now genie okay
that sort of glorification of suicide is
awful and actually promotes suicide
obviously the whirter effect is named
after a book called The Sorrows of Young
Werther by Goethe that book supposedly I
mean the studies are conflicting caused
suicides all over the continent there
were there were young men who saw it as
such a romantic ideal to commit suicide
they actually started walking around
wearing the clothes that were Thor is
described as wearing in the book but
whether it was true of the Goethe book
or not it has been confirmed over and
over and over in the aftermath for
example of Marilyn Monroe's suicide in
the months after her death there were
303 excess suicides meaning higher than
average in the United States there have
been multiple studies on this sort of
stuff after that that show by Netflix 13
reasons why which essentially glorified
suicide and said there were excuses for
it that a normal person who didn't
suffer from depression or problems could
be bullied into suicide once that show
came out Google queries about suicide
this is according to the Atlantic rose
by almost 20 percent in nineteen days
after the show came out representing
between 900,000 and 1.5 million more
searchers than usual regarding the
subject 17 out of the top 20 searches
were significantly elevated the biggest
increases came with terms related to
suicidal thoughts in ideation like how
to kill yourself hey many European
countries actually have laws on the
books that prevent the media from
reporting about suicide specifically to
avoid this in Venice they had a spate of
people throwing themselves on the train
tracks and I believe that they actually
changed the law so that people could not
report on that and the rates of suicide
by throwing yourself on a train track
went down now I'm not calling for
abridgement of the First Amendment or
laws on this basis but in the same way
that I've suggested that my media outlet
will no longer report the names or faces
of mass shooters I'm seriously
considering changing the rules here at
the Daily wire when it comes to coverage
of celebrity suicide or suicide in
general there is something that I wanna
talk
about in just one second called the
Papageno effect and this is the
counter-argument the media should
actually cover all of this stuff so the
Papageno effect basically suggests that
if the media covers this stuff in a in a
positive way if the media covers suicide
and in an attempt to dissuade you from
committing it that this lowers the rate
of suicide that really only applies when
you are telling a story about somebody
who's considering suicide and then
didn't do it so if you're covering
somebody's actual suicide it's very
difficult to avoid people having dark
thoughts about doing the same thing
the Papageno effect is named after
Mozart's Magic Flute character because
Papageno is a character in the Opera
who's considering suicide and then he's
talked out of it by essentially three
young boys who are sprites or spirits
and that effect has not been all that
well documented it's pretty recent study
I believe in Australia they've done some
studies on the Papageno effect but the
idea there is that the way to help make
suicide less palatable to people is to
show them the stories of people who
would have committed suicide but didn't
do it then did not go ahead and actually
do it
