quick reminder at the top here the
Western conservative summit is June 8th
and June 9th
so that's Friday and Saturday I'm gonna
be speaking on Friday morning I hope you
can come out it's in Denver I guess I
should probably let you know that it's
in Denver and and the theme this year is
it's a good theme it's fortifying
freedom which is not only catchy with
the alliteration but it's also just a
really a very meaty kind of subject and
I have a few things to say about freedom
that I hope will be useful to now I want
to talk about spiritual stuff today I
tell you that by way is disclaimer at
the top this particular show will be
rated R for religious just so you know I
know that that kind of content is
disturbing and distasteful to some
people so just fair warning now I
received an email from somebody who who
brings up an interesting subject and I
thought it'd be worth discussing with
you the subject is guilt I will I'll
summarize the email for you he says he's
a Christian he's always been a Christian
though recently he finds that he's
experiencing a lot of guilt for past
sins for things in his past and very
intense guilt sometimes and he's not
sure what he should do with these
feelings or if he should even be feeling
them isn't the Christian life supposed
to be guilt-free that's what a lot of
people seem to think he says that the
church he attends is not much help
because it's a it's a church that tends
to treat guilts as an objectively bad
thing you know that you should just let
go of you should forget move on not
worry about it
his church seems to preach oh he didn't
use this term but he seems to preach
kind of a self-acceptance gospel where
guilt is nothing but an obstacle to be
overcome he wants to know if I have a
better answer to the question of guilt I
don't know if I do I hope that I do I'll
give it a try
so
few things on the subject of guilt first
it's a good sign
if you have it
if you have guilt that's it that's a
good sign
it doesn't mean that you're meant to
stew in it or drown in it your whole
life but it is a good sign it's a sign
of spiritual alertness it's a sign of
love
guilt is a is a is a sign of love
now many Christians I think today
it would seem that many Christians today
feel very little guilt and so that means
the Christians who do feel guilt they
end they end up feeling even more alone
and more lost and confused because their
fellow Christians can't seem to relate
to them
because there are some who can live in
sin can be dishonest gossipy
materialistic selfish lustful so on and
so forth and yet feel almost no guilt
for it
and the thing is they'll say that they
lack this guilt because they have faith
in God and so what they claim is that
their lack of guilt is a sign a symptom
of their of their faith and of their
confidence in God's forgiveness but
that's not really the case
simply not the case their lack of guilt
is due to their lack of love for God
a Christian who has never experienced
serious deep guilt either has never
sinned
so I'm not in that category I don't know
about you or the other explanation is
they don't love God and they don't
really care about their faith
those are really the only two
explanations for a Christian who has
really just never experiences guilt I've
used this analogy before but if you
cheat on your wife and you feel no guilt
for it
and maybe you apologize but you're like
yeah my bad about it sorry about the
whole tree cheating thing anyway what's
for dinner if you have a callous
disregard for your wife and for your
valves you can't claim that this is
somehow a sign of your confidence in
those vows you can't claim it oh yeah I
know I don't feel guilty because I know
my wife loves me and she wouldn't want
me to feel guilty so that's why I don't
feel guilty no that's if you approach it
that way if you feel no guilt for
betraying your wife in such a terrible
evil way it's because you don't love
your wife
and you don't care about your vows
and therefore you're very far away from
the place that you need to be in order
for reconcile in order for true
reconciliation to happen in order for
the marriage to be healed you're very
far away from them even if your wife is
a wonderful loving person and is ready
to forgive and has a forgiving heart the
marriage cannot be saved while you still
have that attitude
there are many Christians who have never
struggled deeply with guilt never feel
the weight of it don't understand what
you mean when you talk about it and so
that means they can't repent because the
repentance would not be sincere and
without love for God and without
repentance then their souls are in a
very dangerous State
and to even call them Christian at all
is well it's it's a bit of a stretch
let's just say
but if you have guilt then your guilt
the skill that you feel it means at the
very least that you're aware of your
sins that you're alert spiritually that
you love God you love God enough to feel
distraught by your betrayal of him
remember when you were a kid and how it
always felt so much worse wait what oh
you know if you got in trouble it always
felt least for me I know it always felt
so much worse if your parents said I'm
disappointed you know they don't yeah oh
they don't scream they just tell you
they're disappointed that always felt
worse especially if they really appear
to be disappointed
like I don't know if you ever a kid and
you did some specially when you get a
little bit older and you did something
really bad and and you and you hurt your
pain they look that you it's clear that
you hurt them
and they're almost too hurt to even be
angry
that that always that that's always the
worst right that's always so much worse
because you can tell that their their
disappointment in you and in what you
did is is is rooted in their love for
you
and this gives rise to guilt on your
part that's rooted in your love for them
so that's the one thing we should
remember that guilt itself is is a good
sign
second we should remember that guilt
itself is not the problem
you know it's uncomfortable it's painful
depending on the situation depending on
the guilt it can even feel crushing
sometimes but the guilt is your the
guilt is your souls response to sin
so sin is the problem guilt is not the
problem it's not we shouldn't talk about
getting rid of guilt
sin is the problem guilt true guilt you
know what what I think we could call
healthy guilt is the Holy Spirit working
within you calling you to repentance and
reconciliation I think the problem in
our society today and the church
especially is that we kind of go to war
against guilt but not against sin we
treat guilt as the problem itself as if
a healthy Christian ought to feel no
guilt whatsoever no matter what he does
but this is a sign of a dead Christian
of a non Christian of a soul that's on
the precipice of hell
that's not the sign of a healthy
Christian the church should battle
against sin and teach us how to respond
to guilt what to do with it so that we
could be free from the burden of the sin
that sparked the guilt not free from
guilty the the the objective is to be
free from sin not free from guilt
to be free from guilt because you're
free of sin
I think guilt without a without a
correct understanding of sin guilt
without an understanding of divine
justice can lead us to despair
one of the reasons why we see so much
despair in our secular society so many
people that are just even if everything
else around them even if their whole
life seems like it's a wonderful life in
so many ways is still so many people are
in despair and one of the reasons for
them not saying the only reason but one
of the reasons I think in so many cases
is is this kind of guilt that they can't
they don't know what to do with it they
just have it
it brings to mind one of my favorite
scenes in my favorite show of all time
Breaking Bad
and in this scene so brilliant scene
Jesse Pinkman one of the primary
characters in the show he's a drug
dealer also a drug addict and he's at
this kind of drugs it's kind of like a
Narcotics Anonymous I guess meeting and
they're all sitting around in a circle
on folding chairs and the leader of the
group is preaching self acceptance he's
telling everyone just let go of your
guilt let go of your past like oh the
shame accept yourself for who you are
forget about your past actions forget
about past evils and just move on well
Jesse it just so happens at this point
in the show has just murdered an
innocent man and he killed him because
he thought he had to he rationalized it
that way but now the guilt of that
action and of his life of crime in
general that guilt is just eating him
alive and he hears all this stuff about
self acceptance but it's just garbage to
him it rings so hollow
it's just it's not there's there
something deeper that he needs and
self-acceptance and moving on that
doesn't it doesn't that's not going to
do it for
so he launches into this brilliant
monologue I think one of the most
morally insightful monologues in the
history of television where he's crying
out and he's saying you know that that
that he should be punished for what he's
done he should be judged he doesn't want
to accept himself
he doesn't want to accept his sin he
wants there to be some kind of
consequence because what's the point of
life if you can just do whatever you
want and face no judgement at all
it was kind of a moment kind of a theme
right out of Dostoevsky which is
probably why I liked it so much but the
point is that letting go of guilt which
is what you know he was being told in
this support group just just let go let
go that's not good enough
it's not a good enough answer for those
who are morally aware enough to actually
experience true guilt
it's not good enough there has to be
repentance there has to be
accountability there has to be justice
even those who are not Christian yet who
have well-formed conscience --is still
kind of innately recognize this
whereas Christians who do not have
well-formed conferences do not recognize
this
so I think what the church should be
saying is it here's what I think the
church should be saying about guilt the
church should be saying you feel guilt
because you've sinned and your sins are
detestable and you are right to feel the
way you do about them you've betrayed
your father who loves you and if you
love him you should hate that fact and
you should hate your sin and you should
feel pain because of it
now take all of that before him and
repent
and resolve to never do it again
and you've got to have that resolution
also if you don't have the resolution
even if you fail to perfectly carry it
out if you don't make that resolution
and mean it then it's not repentance
thing
then the question is maybe the most
difficult question is well what do we do
about repentance sins that still bring
guilt
what if you've really reformed your life
you've repented you resolve to live
differently and you're really carrying
that out though imperfectly you really
have changed through God's grace and yet
still you have guilt
for a past that you can't do anything
about anymore
maybe you've done terrible things you
can't do anything about it it's enough
it's it's you wish it'd never happen but
it did
and you still feel guilt up for it even
though you've repented and you've thrown
yourself on the mercy of God what do you
do about that and what does that come
from
now I think
I'm not speaking above my paygrade here
because this is a very deep question but
as I thought about I think there could
be a couple of different explanations
for that kind of guilt
and they're very different explanation
so each person has to discern
prayerfully which explanation applies to
their case personally but I think that
persistent guilt for repented sins could
be the result of Satan tormenting you
scripture tells us that Satan is our
accuser and he's quite relentless in his
accusation and of course he doesn't care
if you've repented he'd prefer if you
didn't but that's not going to make him
stop
so he might accuse you of repented sins
to discourage you from repenting in the
future because he might he wants you to
feel like repentance is kind of
fruitless
but mostly I think he just likes to see
you suffer he enjoys it and he wants you
to find faith and religion burdensome
and tiring and painful
and he wants you to see it as a source
of self-loathing so that you abandoned
and also I think I think Satan is is is
interested in punishing you for
repenting
he takes that personal he doesn't like
it
and so he's he's gonna try to speak to
you in the back your mind and say oh
yeah well remember what you did remember
remember this remember this thing you
did your disgusting person
but here again even this skill which is
um which is really more of a false guilt
because it comes not from the Holy
Spirit but from the evil spirit but even
this guilt is a sign that you know
you're kind of on to something that
you're a threat to Satan but he knows
that you're almost lost to him but
you're on the right path and he doesn't
like that so he throws this against you
this is a desperate that this is when
Satan gets really desperate this is his
most desperate move is when he starts
doing this he's trying to just scare you
he doesn't bother keep mine he doesn't
bother tormenting the shallowest kinds
of people with guilt because their
consciences are too dead anyway and they
have no love for God so he's got nothing
to work with and he doesn't need to
anyway he's he's perfectly fine you know
he's perfectly fine with those kinds of
people just let them be comfortable and
if they never feel any guilt then that's
great as far as he's concerned
you
but um
but if you're struggling deeply with
guilt
then that means that he has raw material
to work with so like look at it this way
if you're kind of a prodigal son figure
you live deeply in sin now you've come
to God and you've come sincerely and
you've repented and that's a wonderful
thing and God rejoices over every lost
sheep that he finds
and that's wonderful
however unfortunately now Satan has a
lot of raw material to work with he's
got the perfect raw material because he
has your past sins on one hand which he
knows about and he's seen
and he delighted in when they were
happening and he takes it very
personally that you stopped doing those
things
so he has that on one hand the other
hand he has your love of God on the
other he also has your love of God
that's also raw material that he can
work with he can exploit both of them
can kind of play them off of each other
but you love God you've got your past
sins
so that's the material that he's working
you
now how do you know if your guilt has
this origin
is it you know does this guilt have
diabolical or June or does it have
heavenly fortune well if it's a repented
sin
and the guilt that you feel from it
leads to self hatred and despair
well then that's from Satan because God
would never give you those kinds of
feelings he doesn't want you to feel
that way
God will stir in your heart a guilt that
will drive you to repent
into restoration into Reformation he's
going to give you a gilt in other words
that brings you closer to him but if
your guilt is drawing you away into the
abyss into despair into faithlessness
into self-hatred into resentment then
you should know that it's not God
leading you there
so rebuke Satan in that case and give
yourself over to God and his protection
because that's that same
but
you know I guess we have to ask
ourselves is all guilt
you know is all guilt for past sin for
repentance is that always necessarily
the work of Satan
I don't think so and this is where it
gets confusing it's very difficult it
sometimes can be hard to discern it's a
scary thing to think about but in the
you know as fallen people in our
conscience sometimes it can be hard to
discern is this a voice of light
speaking to her voice of darkness it can
be hard to discern sometimes and Satan
comes disguised as an angel of light so
but I don't think that all guilt that
you might feel even for past sins even
for repentance is I don't think it's
necessarily the work of Satan and it
would be a mistake to to to assume that
it is
because it could be a sign number one
that your repentance was not true it was
not sincere it was not complete
you know when you've lived deeply in sin
if you've done terrible things to truly
repent can sometimes be a process to
really get yourself to a pointer to
allow God to get you through His grace
to it to a point of really confronting
that
and feeling true sorrow for it that can
it's not something that'll just happen
overnight
I think we're mistaken if we assume that
repentance and forgiveness are simple
and painless acts and we're mistaken if
we assume that our journey out of the
darkness is going to be quick and
comfortable it's not going to be it's
going to be a process take some time and
so you may think that you've
sufficiently repented but you may not
have
especially again if it's if it's a life
of sin and you in a fleeting moment say
oh my gosh I'm sorry
that may not be true repentance that may
just be an emotional experience that you
had a fleeting emotional experience
I'd ask you do you think take a let's
just take a really horrible thing so
think about a rapist or a murderer
can someone like that expect to repent
sincerely
from then on feel no guilt no pain no
sadness no grief no sorrow over what
they've done
of course not
because our sins still have consequences
they still leave marks they still cause
scars in ourselves and on other people
they still have a weight to them even
when we repent and this idea of cheap
repentance kind of like the cheap grace
that Bonhoeffer talks about it's very
damaging it's very misleading
after all the worst sins that that we
can commit are the sins that cause
scandal and hurts to other people and so
even if we've repented of the damage
that we've done to other people the
other people may still have to live with
what we've done depending on what it is
they miss they may still have pain for
the rest of their lives they may still
have even even worse than that you know
if we have been Christians and we've
we've given a very bad example we've
scandalized other people with our
example and led them into sin it's a
terrible thing it's the worst thing
and those people may still be struggling
because of us
um
and if we've really repented and we
really love God and we really love our
fellow man of course we're going to
still feel some pain about that
a truly repented rapist is going to
realize that well the person that he
raped is still out there
and they still are going to suffer from
this for the rest of their lives
and I think this you know this becomes a
stumbling block for a lot of people who
maybe are considering becoming Christian
and they hear about this really cheap
idea of repentance and forgiveness and
it causes a life heard to some people it
causes them to to to think twice about
about becoming Christian because it just
doesn't there's something about it seems
almost sociopathic
and they'll say like are you telling me
that someone can do all these horrible
things other people and victimize them
and then just in a second say oh I'm
sorry and they're good to go and they
can just live the rest of their life
just whistling on by whistling through
the rose bushes and just you know like
smelling the roses not even thinking
about what they've done to anybody else
that's not right
well no that's not the way it is
of course if we have done terrible
things then we've hurt other people
especially we're going to feel pain
it shouldn't be debilitating it
shouldn't be a self-loathing pain it
shouldn't lead us away from God and into
the spare but it may still be there
and depending on what it is it may
always be there
and so maybe we have to live with it we
have to carry it it's our cross
that we have made for ourselves and it's
our burden and we have to accept it in
humility and carry on
at the very least I think
if we still have a certain pain over the
thought of things we've done to other
people
that's a pain that God may give to us
and one of the things that he wants us
to do with it for sure is to pray for
those other people
if we have ever scandalized somebody or
victimized them in any way we should be
praying for them like every day we
should be praying for them for the rest
of our lives
that's what true repentance is it's not
it's just not good enough to say but
sorry I guess they'll have to deal with
that anyway I'm gonna go over here good
luck with all that that I did to you see
you later no we shouldn't hate ourselves
for it but I mean
it's just it's it's it's not as simple
as that
there's just riding off into the sunset
like it never happened
one other thought
I've found that I will experiment one
other thing about that
again this is and I think it's just so
important to draw this distinction
that even remembering past things we've
done you know the pain that comes with
that I know I already said this but I
just think it needs to be emphasized
that it is not a self-loathing pain and
if it gets into self-loathing territory
then that is not from God
it's not so it's more of just throwing
ourselves at the mercy of God going to
God
and saying you know I know I've done
this to everything I've repented of it
what else can I do though I want maybe I
don't need to do anything but what else
can i I want to do more
to try to make it right to try to
correct what I've done and so one of
those things God might say is well you
know you've hurt somebody you've done
pray for them that's one thing
all right one of the thought I've I've
often found that I will experience
myself pangs of a serious guilt in
moments when I find myself condemning
other people in my heart
and so then I'll feel guilt not just for
the condemnation but also for a past sin
of my own you know a similar sin to the
one that I am noticing in another person
will often come to the forefront of my
mind when I am busy noticing someone
else's sin now who causes that to happen
that's not from Satan the last thing
Satan would do is that he prefers it if
we if we stew a narc in our condemnation
and resent of our fellow man he doesn't
want to interrupt that process at all
know that again is guilt in pain from
God he's trying to give you humility
he's not holding it against you he's not
trying to torment you but he's just
saying I know this when this happens to
me he's saying to me what he said to the
crowd that were going to stone the
adulterous woman he's just saying he who
is without sin
and he's also saying you know remember
your past remember your sin remember
because I want you to remember what I've
delivered you from because I'm merciful
you're no better than the person that
you condemned so have humility
don't don't use my mercy and my
forgiveness and my generosity as a means
or as a reason for you to become
prideful and arrogant
God wants to I don't think it's true
that God wants us to forget our past in
our sins does not want us to forget
because if we forget our sin and our
past then we forget about his mercy in
his love we said we cannot appreciate it
and be grateful for it
so I think he may bring that to the
forefront of my mind sometimes to Humble
us and also to give us gratitude and joy
so that we can remember like oh my gosh
I think about that thing that I did but
yet he's forgiving
I do this with my own kids sometimes I
recently my son got in trouble for
yelling at his sister and then yelling
at me after I tried to correct him and
his sister was kind of triumphant about
it you know as kids can tend to be in
these situations and so his sister came
up to me and she said Oh daddy Oh Luke
was really wrong for yelling like that
I'm so glad that I didn't yell
and of course I had to say to her you
know yeah he was he made a mistake he
should have acted that way you have also
acted that way in the past
so let's remember that everybody makes
mistakes including you
and that was just my way of trying to
teach her a little bit of humility and
also compassion for her brother so that
she's not taking delight in the fact
that he got punched and so I think that
God who is our Heavenly Father can kind
of do the same thing with us because
we're his children and I think a lot of
times we need that reminder
there might be a little bit of pain a
little bit of guilt attached to it when
we feel it but but that's good
so I hope I hope I hope some of that was
it was useful those are my thoughts
about about guilt
and what if you're really struggling
with it remember that you can never pray
too much and probably almost all of us
are praying too little I know I am
so always just bring it back to God
and ask him what do you want me to do
with this what are you trying to teach
me what are you trying to show me
thanks for watching everybody thanks for
listening Godspeed
