while we're talking about patriotism and
the things people do for patriotism
today is d-day if you think people go to
war because they because they admire
their country or you think they go to
war because they've thought it out they
sit in the library and they think yes
you know my country is good it really is
you know those things inform their
passion but they go to war for they go
to war for passion for love of country
for love of the things that we have here
which is there's a lot of love here and
they went to war in 1944 June 6 1944
fighting a truly evil and disastrous
enemy that would have taken over the
world
they were the Nazis and their and their
axis
you know partners would have taken over
the world if America had not stood up to
them and joined with our allies in
France and Britain and around the world
to fight them back and these got you
know I remember as a kid I had a junior
high school teacher who was at d-day he
stormed the Normandy Beach and I
remember him talking telling us about it
and talking about the carpet of bodies
that he ran over - as he was charging
these machine guns and they were just
raking the beach I'm sure you've seen
Saving Private Ryan the opening scene of
that they were just raking the beach and
he said he was it when any when he
talked he was full of what and now I
would recognize his PTSD is kind of his
new tone got impassioned he fell over
his words we should not forget this you
know let's just take a listen to CNN to
the special where they interviewed some
of the veterans and they remembered what
happened the front went down and we
jumped into the water the water was up
to our necks we weren't the first troops
the infantry was first we were the more
- following the infantry and the bodies
were all over the place first thing I
had in my mind was death I was thinking
about that I think I was gonna come back
because there was a lot of guys all
around me here they were floating in the
water there was one kid I looked down
and there was Michaels as they was and
he's trying to talk and nothing was
coming out and he was I made him up to
say help me but things were so chaotic
there you couldn't help anybody you had
a
they're a group of four of us we headed
up and we go through a minefield the
whole area was mined so as we Traverse
on this high ground I hip up and my
peripheral vision I see this fellow to
my left an explosion on him flying
through the air
and I just kept going as fast as I could
yeah just kept going as fast as I could
you know there's this book one day I'm
gonna do a whole show about this as
Howard's in people's history of the
United States and he says I want to tell
the history of the United States from
its point of view of the victims I want
to tell the about the Constitution from
the point of view of slaves but what if
I did that to you have just told the
worst parts of your lives the truth is
the truth is there's not a single person
walking around who politically free on
the planet earth who is not free because
of people like this you know yesterday I
guess it was yesterday Monday we had
it's now Wednesday right and that Monday
we had Jacob Ariane we were talking
about comic books and he said
Millennials feel they have no great
Enterprise like this to participate in
but you know this is a great enterprise
fighting back evil once the evil is gone
the great enterprises are to produce
more good more children raise your
children that's a big enterprise a
mighty enterprise settle planets extend
freedom through the world that's what
we're here to do and it's all because of
guys like this and their passion and
their love of country believe me believe
me it's not the Matt Lauer's and Katie
Couric's of the world who go out and do
this stuff it's the people who love
their country
