well turns out today is stunning report
from The Associated Press the Obama
administration shock of shocks was lying
to the American people for years on end
about helping out the Iranian mullahs so
when we talk about President Trump line
when media talk about it usually what
they are talking about his President
Trump is fibbing about his inauguration
crowd or President Trump is fibbing
about a note that he wrote about Donald
Trump jr. and a Trump Tower meeting
something like that something that
really has very little to do with
governance per se
President Obama lied about key areas of
American governance in a way that
President Trump never has President
Obama lied repeatedly about Obama care
he said if you liked your doctor you
could keep your doctor that was a
complete lie and he kept lying about it
over and over and over and what's
hilarious is the media covered for him
at the time I believe it was PolitiFact
that originally said that that statement
was half true and then three years later
when it turns out that it was a lie all
along they called it their lie of the
year which is just incredible and
demonstrates how biased all of these
sources are President Obama lied
repeatedly about his treatments of
illegal immigration he said 22 times he
did not have the executive authority to
unilaterally suspend enforcement of
immigration law and then what did he do
he unilaterally suspended enforcement of
immigration laws
he lied two dozen times about that issue
and the media basically let him get away
with it the Obama administration lied
repeatedly about Benghazi in the
aftermath of the murder of four
Americans in Benghazi and a terrorist
attacked a pre-planned Parrott terrorist
attack the Obama administration lied and
lied and lied first they lied that they
had not denied security then they lied
and said that the whole thing had been
caused by a YouTube video when it
clearly had not been caused by a YouTube
video they they lied repeatedly they
lied when it came to the IRS the Obama
administration lied on issues of serious
national policy they Trump lies because
that's what Trump does about silly
things on a lot of a lot of issues right
Trump will fib for example about the
Philadelphia Eagles kneeling for the
national anthem and I'll smack him on it
as I sit on yesterday's show but
typically the stuff that Trump lies
about tends to be rather small potatoes
when you compare it to the actual
central policy ramifications of the
stuff that President Obama lied about
today's story from The Associated Press
is the most obvious example so according
to the Associated Press the Obama
administration attempted to end-around
its own sanctions in order to give cash
to the worst terror sponsor on the
planet so while the Obama administration
was pitching the Iran deal while they
were suggesting the Iran deal
going to be some sort of great savior of
the moderates inside Iran and at the
same time saying that Iran was not
pursuing terrorism they had sanctions in
place but the Obama administration was
attempting to end around those sanctions
and they were lying to the American
people about it at the time
