hi everyone I'm Alicia Kraus
today we're speaking with best-selling
author and syndicated radio host Larry
elder the great elder ski the sage of
South Central a guy that I love to call
my friend Larry how are you doing I'm
doing great Alicia how are you so great
to see your smiling face I miss waking
up to it in the morning
it was another life back then later in
this interview I'm really excited to
read your new book and talk to you about
your new book it's called a lot like me
for those who don't know it's a story of
you and your dad which has a very
complicated background and it's great
but let's jump into some news real quick
and we'll circle back to that if you
don't mind so this morning the breaking
news was that the Supreme Court ruled
and what many are calling a close or
narrow decision 72 in favor of a baker
who would not make a wedding cake for a
same-sex wedding due to his religious
convictions so the big question is what
does this mean for people like florist
baron el Stutzman and other business
owners who choose to abide by their
faith well I think it's interesting
Alicia that you point out that it was
described as a narrow decision by the
media I heard that over and over again
by definition every Supreme Court case
is a narrow decision because it has to
do with the facts of that particular
case and the law is it apply so when the
media in this particular case lets
people know it's narrowly applied it
means they don't like the decision and
they hope that it won't apply broadly to
other cases I'm surprised by the brother
number I thought it was gonna be a 5-4
decision I'm pleasantly surprised it was
a 72 decision which shows you how unfair
it is to require somebody who's got
religious convictions against same-sex
marriage to be forced to bake a cake for
a gay wedding
it's outrageous just on its face and I
think even some of the more liberal
members of the Supreme Court recognized
that as to your second question does it
apply to the other cases I believe so I
think it applies establishes the
principle that your religious
convictions are very important and it
when it comes to a class between your
religious convictions and so-called gay
rights gay rights loses and so one of
the things that the Supreme Court in the
prevailing opinion said was that oh well
the this organization or I think this
committee in Colorado was anti religious
in their handling of the case so then
something that a layman like myself
because I'm not a smart attorney like
you are I go well wait a second so then
if this happens in another took case if
the
committee or people reviewing it are
less anti-religious than they could get
away with telling business owners what
to do what does that mean for business
owners of from all walks of life well
it's great question and I don't know the
answer to that but certainly that is
what the interpretation is going to be
that the Supreme Court said in this
decision that this particular Commission
showed a great deal of antipathy towards
tort religious freedom and as a result
they felt that they violated the First
Amendment's prohibition that government
be neutral in this case so it's possible
in my opinion that you could hang your
head on that but I don't care whether
the Commission at smile when they made
their ruling the the the end of the
ruling meant that this cake Baker's
religious freedoms we're gonna be
crushed by so-called gay rights so I
don't care whether or not the the board
did it with a smile or whether or not
they did it with a frown and it seems to
me that is not alter the merits of this
case so I believe it's gonna have broad
implications which is why the media
keeps using the word narrowly prescribed
because it doesn't fit their narrative
that's right so speaking of the media
narrative even the New York Times or as
our president likes to say the failing
New York Times talked about how low
blacks the how low the black
unemployment rate is right now do you
see that come November and maybe in
longer term black Americans starting to
move away from the Democratic Party
Leisha I certainly hope so in it's such
an important issue not just for black
America but for America when you have 95
percent of roughly 13% of the electorate
voting one way that means they have an
outside influence on how how this
country is run and who gets elected and
if blacks began to think about things
like the economy like schools like
safety the way everybody else votes the
Democratic Party is in deep deep doo-doo
at the Democratic level and they know it
people like Thomas old and Walter
Williams had for years written that if
the Democratic Party loses just 10 or 15
percent of that black vote they're in
deep deep trouble people don't realize
as recently Alysha as 1956 and believe
me I was only focus on the earth then
the Republicans got about 39% of the
black vote and in 1960 Richard Nixon got
32 percent of the black vote so it
certainly is doable if the Republicans
make the right to pitch and the right
pitch has to be this the welfare state
pushed by the the left has in my opinion
encourage women to marry the government
and allowed men to abandon their
financial and moral responsibilities so
we've gone from having 25% of black kids
born outside of wedlock in 1965 to
almost 75% today and it wasn't Larry
elder who said this there was a Barack
Obama who said a kid raised without a
father is five times more likely to be
poor nine times more likely to drop out
of school 20 times more likely to end up
in jail that is the number one social
problem secondly if the Republicans can
talk about the fact that Democrats do
not want your mom or dad living in a in
a given school district they have the
option to opt out of a bad
underperforming government school I went
to Crenshaw High School Alecia that's
the high school that was featured in the
movie boys in the hood right now three
percent of kids at that school can do
math at grade level not thirty percent
three percent
now what responsible parent would send
his or her kid to that school if he or
she had an option out Democrats don't
want to give you an option out
Republicans do and if education is the
path to the middle class who's in your
way Democrats or Republicans I love that
point it's something I've been saying
specifically here cuz you and I are both
in Los Angeles California that polls
really well in a such a liberal state
like California the school choice
initiative is something that I think
Republicans need to take and run with on
a national scale absolutely everyone
knows by this point ABC cancelled Rose
Ann last week after Roseanne bars really
really bad late night tweet against
Valerie Jarrett my guess question one is
have you ever taken ambien and doesn't
do that to you I have taken ambien and
no no it's never turned me into a racist
never I got to tell you something in
Roseanne bars defense one of the first
things she said Alicia is that I thought
Valerie Jarrett was white now when she
said that I must tell you my eyes just
rolled over I thought okay well that's
kind of lame as I'm leaving my studio my
producer Brad whom you've met said to me
you know Larry I thought she was white
interesting and so I said well small
sample size I I talked to another close
friend of mine on the way home she said
she thought she was white I've got a
friend named Joseph who's a white LAPD
cop former Marine he told me text me and
told me he thought she was white it
turns out a boatload of Americans in
fact thought Valerie Jarrett was white
now it doesn't mean the comment doesn't
mean the comment wasn't
insulting but it means it wasn't a
racist insult and that means there
should be a whole different conversation
that we have not had so given that
you're all of your anecdotal evidence
that you've been gathering over the last
week do you agree with ABC's decision to
just completely knock off the show well
from a commercial standpoint they had
little choice I had they not done that
there would have been a petition their
advertisers would have been targeted the
whole network would have been in trouble
I would imagine the stock of Disney
would have gone down it's hard to defend
that statement that said all I want to
know is what are the rules how is it
that al Sharpton even has a show Alicia
this is a guy who became famous by
falsely accusing a white man of raping a
black woman he referred to the former
black mayor of New York David Dinkins
the only black mayor of New York as an
n-word whore I could go on and on and on
about the stuff this man has done oh
five million dollars in taxes and here
he is lecturing America on pulling the
lever for the party that wants to raise
taxes when he has not paid his own it's
out rageous and this guy came out and he
was one of those who led the charge
putting pressure on ABC to quote do
something well why doesn't Envy C do
something about this guy he was in the
thick of the Crown Heights riots some
years ago that one Jewish leader
referred to as the most serious program
in history of this country and Al
Sharpton is on tape literally fomenting
the riot and here he is I should stop
about that it's funny that you bring
that up because it'sit's something that
I bring up when I'm having this
discussion with liberal friends as well
in addition to that I mean what the heck
is NBC thinking they still joy Reid over
there after continually more things have
come out about the stuff that she used
to post on her blog that was derogatory
and hateful about Senator John McCain
about LGBTQ people and then I mean maybe
one of these years I'll be able to fail
up they just hired Ben Rhodes while
their own people are criticizing Sean
Spicer
I mean sheesh right and how about Keith
Olbermann Keith Olbermann you go to his
Twitter file and see what the kind of
things he said about President Trump f
this F this F this Nazi Nazi Nazi Nazi
and not only didn't hire him the same
company that got rid of Roseanne but
they expanded his role and what about
Bill more I thought the C word was the
worst thing you could call a woman
Bill Maher referred to Sarah Palin in
his stand-up with the c-word called call
her on his TV show a dumb T were
referred to Michelle Bachman and Sarah
Palin as two bimbos and even ridiculed
Sarah Palin's son with Down syndrome and
refer to him as quote/unquote retarded
now HBO is a property of Time Warner
which is a parent company of CNN how
come Bill Maher still has a job I mean I
just want to know what the rules are
that's all I want to know what are the
rules well you brought up that horrible
use of the c-word I personally think
it's the worst word you can use about or
towards a woman and last week Samantha
be over at TBS who refers to herself as
a late-night comedian called a Funko
trump a quote feckless c-word except she
actually said that disgusting word and
said that she should wear skimpy clothes
to seduce her own father and influence
his policy decisions do you believe that
TBS should you know follow suit and
cancel me show it seems to me if if
we're gonna be consistent that that's
the move that they would have made but
instead TBS put it out keep in mind this
is not a live show the tape show which
means it had to be scripted had to be
approved they put out this this is a
little videotape of what happened
bleeping it and then oh my goodness we
took it down after one day giving her 24
hours of a great deal of publicity I
didn't even know she had a show let
alone that it was on on TBS and I think
a lot of Americans have found out just
because of that so mission was
accomplished as far as they're concerned
I also thought it was bizarre the
response that Sally Field gave Sally
Field tweeted that well she shouldn't
have called her the c-word because these
are nice and they're warm in their
comforting insulting Ivanka Trump even
further I mean whatever happened to
Madeleine Albright's prescription
there's a special place in hell for
women who don't help women I guess it's
a special place in hell for women who
don't help liberal women but if you're
conservative women nobody gives a rib
eye
I can definitely relate to that and of
course the Hollywood hypocrisy continues
to run strong moving on president Trump
pardoned dinesh d'souza last week do you
agree with that decision I do
I thought the prosecution was excessive
I taught me not to feel that the Nesta
Sousa was prosecuted in part because of
his his conservatism the judge seemed to
have some hostility towards him so as
far as I'm concerned it was a just a
just pardon as was the pardon of the
first black heavyweight champion Jack
Johnson as was the pardon of the
took a picture of his submarine and then
got nailed on the espionage act even
though he had no intent to hurt the
country the same lack of intent that
James Comey filed found that allowed
Hillary to skate so I thought those
three pardons were perfectly fine and
also the pardon of Joe Arpaio I thought
the Joe Arpaio a pardon was fine it
seemed to me that there was a great deal
of hostility on the part of the Obama
DOJ to go after Sheriff Joe because they
hated his policies interesting so you
mentioned Sheriff Joe Arpaio of course
of a pink Maricopa County Arizona so
including Joe Arpaio Scooter Libby
there's Jack Johnson that you mentioned
in dinesh d'souza who he said he also
might pardon Martha Stewart are these
pardons do you think to his political
advantage and why is he making them so
early in his term compared to other
presidents well shockingly yes I think
politics are playing a role here they
always do but I think you have to give
it to him for at least being man enough
to pardon in the middle of his term so
that he gets to criticism normally what
happens is they pardon people in the
waning hours of administration so that
the media and the forces that don't like
it can't array and mount a
counter-attack at least this guy is
going to man up for the next hopefully
six and a half years and defend these
pardons all right so before we finish I
do want to talk to you about your new
book a lot like me after a decade of not
speaking with your father you plan a
meeting with him where I think you had
every single intention of calling him
you know and telling him what a mean sob
he was to you right so can you tell us
instead what happened and all about your
new book well my dad and I had a big
fight when I was 15 years old it turns
out in retrospect in my opinion both of
us could have handled it differently but
I certainly could have handled it
differently but I didn't speak to the
guy for almost 10 years and I did not
like him growing up nor did my brother
so I didn't think it was me I thought it
was him
so after 2010 years go by I'm 25 years
old
Alisha and I'm beginning to have
difficulty sleeping and I think it has
something to do with an unresolved issue
with my dad I was living and working in
Ohio my parents live and work in LA I
called my secretary so cancel all my
appointments I'm flying to LA I didn't
want my dad to know I didn't want him to
prepare for this 10 minute or 5 minute
confrontation that I thought we would
have I walk into the little cafe that he
ran and I said dad I want to talk to you
I had two big bags he said
put your bags in the back I said no dad
I'm only gonna be here for about five
minutes I want to say something to you
he said okay so he sat down and I lit
into him for almost 25 minutes I told
him everything he'd ever done to me
everything he'd ever said to me every
slight every punishment everything
everything everything I could think of
and finally I ran out of ammo and my dad
looks up and he says is that it you
didn't speak to me for 10 years because
of that and I said yeah and my dad said
let me tell you about my father now I'm
25 years old Elysion for the first time
I'm hearing that my last name elder is
not the name of his biological father it
turns out my dad never met his
biological father elder was a cruel guy
who was in his life probably the longest
among his mom series of irresponsible
boyfriends my dad comes home at the age
of 13 and starts quarreling with his
moms then boyfriend the mom side with
the boyfriend and throws my father out
of the house never to return
we're talking about a 13 year old black
boy Jim Crow South at the beginning of
the Great Depression I defy you to find
somebody who had a hand dealt that bad
my dad goes down the road literally
takes any job he can ultimately he
becomes a Pullman Porter on the train
which is why he ended up going to
California one time
Pearl Harbor happens my dad joins the
Marines he becomes a staff sergeant on
the island of Guam he comes out he was
in charge of cooking facilities my dad
was is a brilliant cook he goes to the
south to Chattanooga where he had met
married my mom and he tried to get him a
job as a short-order cook and he's told
by restaurant after restaurant after
restaurant quote we don't hire in words
in the phone my dad goes to an
unemployment office the lady says she
went through the wrong door my dad goes
out sees color it only goes to the door
to the very same lady who sent him out
my mom and my dad said this is BS I'm
going to LA where people are more
liberal and I'm gonna get me a job as a
cook he comes out for a day and a half
walks around and he's told by restaurant
after restaurant quote you don't have
any references in the food my dad even
offered to work for free for two weeks
just to get a reference nobody would do
that
California treated him the same way
Chattanooga did they were just more
polite my dad took a job at an
unemployment office cleaning toilet for
ten years I took a second job clean
toilets for ten years went to night
school two or three nights a week to get
his GED and cook for a family on the
weekend to get make additional money and
the man never slept
Alysha which is why he was
so grouchy why he was so ill-tempered
and he got bigger and bigger and bigger
this conversation took eight hours and I
got smaller and smaller and smaller at
the end of it I said to my dad I am so
sorry
my father said don't be you just didn't
know but please follow the advice I've
always given you and your brother's hard
work wins you get out of life what you
put into it you cannot control the
outcome but you're 100% in control of
the effort and before you bitch moan and
whine about what somebody did to you go
to the nearest mirror and say what could
I have done to change the outcome
and finally Larry no matter how good you
are how hard you work bad stuff will
happen how you respond to those bad
things will tell your mom and me whether
or not we raised a man Wow I cannot wait
to read the book I definitely think it's
great timing especially in light of
Father's Day so people should be sure to
check it out Larry it was so good to see
you and great talking with you today my
pleasure thank you so much all right
come back soon
thank you everyone from watching today
I'm Alicia Krause and you're watching
The Daily wire
you
