and off-duty FBI agent was dancing at a
Denver bar over the weekend when he did
a backflip his gun fell out of his
holster and as he reached to recover it
he accidentally fired around into an on
lookers leg this is a true story here's
the video sources say the hapless
accident-prone agent has been involved
in a series of absurdly stupid mishaps
and mistakes including the time he
failed to examinate do you examine the
Democratic National Committee's computer
after who is fished by the Russians the
time he allowed Hillary Clinton's
campaign to destroy evidence of her
misuse of classified documents the time
he questioned Clinton without putting
her under oath the time he listened into
the phone calls of people working on the
Trump campaign the time he sent a
college professor to spy on the trumpet
and the time he pressured Mike Flynn
into a confession of line even though he
knew Flynn hadn't lied after the Denver
bar incident the chuckle-headed agent
was taken into custody by the police but
he was later released without charges
the agent celebrated his release by
doing a backflip causing his gun to fall
out of his holster whereupon he reached
to recover it and accidentally fired
around into his head blowing out his own
brains in the aftermath of that accident
he was appointed to lead the
investigation into Trump's collusion
with Russia
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
we also sing see top see lower the zipa
teasing it's
all right we are back from noses wedding
we did everything we could to prevent it
but it was it was like watching King
Kong to take Fay Wray to the top of the
Empire State Building there was nothing
we could do windows you know but your
windows change everything in a house you
don't want to be the blind getting the
blinds no you really want to get them
and they're hard it's boring to go
shopping for them you can use blinds.com
blinds calm makes it really easy if
you're not sure what you want or even
where to start with blinds calm you get
a free online design consultation just
send them pictures of your house they
send back custom recommendations from a
professional for what will work with
your color scheme furniture and specific
rooms they'll even send you free samples
and here's the best part
if you accidentally mismeasure the wrong
or pick the wrong color if you screw up
blinds.com will remake your blinds for
free I found this with my house changing
your windows changes the whole place for
a limited time you get up to 20% off
everything at blinds comm when you use
promo code clayvin but you say my blinds
are closed how do you spell Clavin que
la VA n that's blinds comm promo code
Clavin for up to 20% off everything faux
wood blinds cellular shades roller
shades and more blinds comm promo code
Clavin rules and restrictions do apply
all right the democrats the democrats
the democrats are descending into farce
you know a farce a farce is a comedy
marked by buffoonery and crude
ludicrously impossible events and that's
also the definition of the Democratic
Party at this point I mean one of the
good things about traveling when I
travel I get to see more left-wing media
you know I'm in bars and hotel lobbies
and their place CNN because nobody would
watch CNN if they didn't play it in
public places and on the elliptical
machine in the gym I'll watch I'll go
switch back and forth between Fox and
MSNBC and you get to see a party the
left completely sinking into there now a
parody of themselves they're a comedy
show they're it's the Democrat comedy
show because
because they've got a problem these they
live in a mannequin universe you know
managed managed Shiism was that
philosophy that had a some effect on
Christianity until they declared it a
heresy it had the it's basically that
there's two forces in the world the
force of light and good and the force of
darkness and evil and they're always
battling together and because they think
of politics that way instead of just a
series of policy discussions on how to
solve problems they think that everybody
on the other side must be evil in their
forms of evil or racism sexism
homophobia but the point is evil that's
what it comes down to and so now you've
got and you've got Donald Trump who is
just exemplifies this because he won't
apologize he won't tiptoe around things
he is he is brash and rude and crude
sometimes here let me just play you just
to start the comedy off let me just play
you an ad Dan Helmer who seems like a
pretty decent candidate or veteran and
all this he's running for the Virginia
House right and here is part of his ad
after 9/11 where the greatest threat to
our democracy lived in a cave today he
lives in the White House so Trump is
this bin Laden Osama bin Laden
slaughtered 3,000 people then Trump
Donald Trump you know his stakes weren't
that good apparently I don't know Joe
let me begin this discussion and show
you how this works with a parable this
is a parable from the good book from the
Gospel according to Matthew
there was a man is very short there was
a man who had two sons he went to the
first and said son go and work today in
the vineyard I will not the son answer
but later he changed his mind and he
went then the father went to the other
son and said the same thing the son
answered I will sir but he did not go
which of the two did what his father
wanted and even the people who Jesus is
attacking in that parable say obviously
it's the one who did who didn't matter
what he said it mattered what he did so
now you've got over the weekend I guess
was Friday while I'm in New York the may
job numbers come out and they are
extraordinary there I just think the
economy is extraordinary the New York
Times a former newspaper
ran a story that said the real question
in analyzing the may jobs numbers
released Friday is whether there are
enough synonyms for good in an online
thesaurus to describe them adequately
for so for example splendid and
excellent fit the bill this is the New
York Times talking about the Trump
economy the US unemployment rate dropped
through an 18 year low of 3.8 percent
I think it's tied going back like 50
years or something employers hired more
people than economists had forecasted
wages which is also a big deal while
wages have been stagnating although it's
a question whether they've actually been
stagnating but the point is they haven't
been rising as fast as we'd like wages
also grew faster than expected a sign
the tighter labor market is prompting
employers to pay workers more and the
black unemployment rate because remember
this is the big thing Trump is a racist
the black unemployment rate whose
declined Trump is celebrated fell to a
new low of 5.9 percent this is the
biggest low in history is most it's
almost full employment for the black
Americans ok so just what do you do with
this if you're living in a managing
universe where Trump is the force of
darkness you now have to go after this
great economy and you can only do this
by descending into farce I mean you have
to become basically I am an absurd
person saying stupid things that's what
happens to so Trump had a tweet an hour
before the jump they these job numbers
come out said looking forward to seeing
the employment numbers at 8:30 this
morning didn't say what they are just
said that that is a break in protocol
right you're not supposed to do that
you're supposed to wait until the job
numbers come out although Obama did
sometimes say something that could be
taken as a hint that he was preparing
you for his lousy job numbers which were
continually lousy even though they kept
touting them as going up I mean these
are extraordinary and they're because of
Trump they're because of Trump's policy
because of the tax cuts so the media
goes nuts about this tweet and I'm on
the elliptical in the gym and I'm
watching TV and I'm watching Morning Joe
right and you can see it's Chiron you
know the bottom third of the screen and
it's got things that basically is
incredible job numbers I'm reading the
Condor and I'm going Wow look at those
job numbers
he's going great and they're talking
about this tweet that the tweet went out
early and they have this Princeton
professor on Eddie Glaude I guess it's
been pronounced his last name and and
he's talking about the fact that Trump
violated a norm by tweeting this stupid
tweet listen to this
one wonders does this narcissism have
any limit any bounds it doesn't seem to
be the case and then one ass has to ask
yourself the question can we survive
this there's kind of this daily attack
on basic norms basic norms that guide
how this democracy functions and it's
not happening just simply at the at the
presidential level it's happening all
around him and how folks are complicit
with this and this is just the latest
and how he's trying to tip the markets
whatever we however we read it but
there's something going on here so I'm
just sitting here wondering as we
debated the particulars
how will we bounce back from this Joe I
know you have undying faith but I'm just
wondering how do we bounce back from
this experience with Donald Trump if you
can't see it if you're not watching it's
just the chyron is talking about these
incredible job numbers well this perfect
you know it's like professor stick your
head out of the television walk down and
leave the chyron under how will we
survive what NBC ran the headline cuz
all the liberal news outlets did this
they obsessed about this tweet NBC runs
a headline listen to this English
economy added two hundred and twenty
three thousand jobs in May but Trump's
pre-market tweet is the focus it is the
focus I love that phraseology is the
focus to whom it's whose focus it's your
Don Lemon ears Don Lemon I swear if he's
so lucky there's a Chris Cuomo in the
world or he would just be the dumbest
guy on CNN Don Lemon says there's no
questions today's job report is good
news including the news that were as
close as we've ever been to full
employment in the black community but
what's full employment without full
respect well done you see the Don thinks
that Americans don't respect black
people but he it's just here
he's extremely he's extrapolating from
the fact you don't respect him you know
I'm black they don't respect me maybe
it's all black you know II know Dom yeah
it's yeah it really is you I have this
image of my in my head of a guy sitting
he sits down to dinner and he says honey
kids I have some good news
there will be Christmas presents this
year this year we will have Christmas
presents but I also have some some bad
news
Trump sent out a tweet an hour
beforehand and and Don Lemon you know he
would then wait for them to stop sobbing
about you know a Pyrrhic Christmas but
you know that do we and then he'd wait
for them to calm down before he broke it
to them that Don Lemon feels
disrespected by shame it is an insane
comedy show all right before I got to go
on with some of this because there's
some really funny stuff coming out at
Nancy Pelosi Nancy Pelosi says they're
issued a statement strong employment
numbers mean little to the families hit
with soaring new costs under the
Republican watch she's talking about
Obamacare nobody's on a bomber and an
Trump says new plans are coming out
anyway it just just hilarious stuff you
got to say at least the Democrats may
not have anything to offer policy wise
but they had the gift of comedy the gift
of laughter they give us the gift of
love all right
Father's Day coming up you know what you
never say you never say hey it's raining
and I'm dry because there's a roof over
my head thanks dad but now you can with
Omaha Steaks
I have I love this stuff man they
deliver this right to your house all
kinds of meats and other things pork
poultry veal lamb bison I haven't tried
the Vice on yet but I have eaten based
on this great seafood vegetables all
kinds of good stuff it is really really
tasty take it out on the barbecue
barbecue season is just beginning
dad's barbecues they kind of go together
he will love this stuff and right now
Omaha Steaks is giving a limited time
offer to my listeners for Father's Day
$49.99 a lousy 50 bucks a 78 percent
discount okay this is an amazing deal go
to Omaha Steaks com type Andrew in the
search bar and you get this Omaha Steaks
Father's Day package this is
includes to tender filet mignons to
beefy top sirloins for chicken-fried
steaks to boneless pork chops for all
beef Omaha steak burgers for gourmet
jumbo Franks 12 ounces of all beef
meatballs 1 pound of steak house fries
for caramel apple tartlets mmm what an
Omaha steak seasoning packet Plus get
four more grill ready omaha steaks
burger free with the purchase again get
this limited-time package for only
$49.99 when you go to Omaha Steaks com
type Andrew in the search bar and add
Father's Day Father's Day package to
your cart don't wait the offer ends soon
go to Omaha Steaks com type Andrew in
the search bar grab your dad and fire up
the grill it's it's really you will see
it is really tasty so the people are not
going for any of this they don't buy
into any of it I mean the the polls show
what one of these trackers of the pulse
of regular Americans is a poll question
that asked if the country's headed in
the right direction
according to Rasmussen 42 percent now
say that this country is headed in the
right direction of 53 percent say it's
headed in the wrong direction now that
doesn't sound like much except when you
realize that the sentiment during the
Obama years people at the end of July 2
2011 the numbers were 14% thought we
were headed in the right direction and
80 percent said we were headed in the
wrong direction this is the thing about
Obama people liked him personally
because you know he was stylish and calm
and all this but he they did not like
his policies including including Obama
just continued on on this idea of force
here's I you know I I like human
absurdity so much that sometimes my
sense of humor strays a little bit into
the unsavory and here is an example in
Virginia there is a guy named Nathan
Larson you heard about this guy Rob
Nathan he is running as an independent
but I'll get to how the Democrats figure
into this okay his policies he lives
with his parents basement or something
and his policies support in pedophilia
incest the usual things white supremacy
marital rape like I'm not here here's an
interview a local TV station does with
this guy you only have to look in his
eye the guys like a felonious lewd
look in his eyes but here is a Virginia
candidate for the Congress but about
sexual relations with your own children
like I would favor like legalizing
incest why is that just because personal
freedom what about it the children's
rights
wouldn't it be rape to have sex with a
child well like like with girls I mean I
just believe that it should be for
fathers to make those decisions
hey you don't find anything wrong with
that I mean it's not for me to intrude
on another family and tell them what
they should do
wouldn't that be really dangerous for
children I don't see how we know that
like children are human beings they're
not property what about their protection
oh the law doesn't treat them as having
the full rights as the dogs yes folks he
is that crazy I mean it's it's a
horrible look on the one hand it's like
watching a guy who's been possessed by a
demon which is not that funny but
there's something about the guy just a
thing they're running for Congress so
what's this got to do with the Democrats
how did this guy get to be a
congressional candidate well during the
Hillary Clinton Trump election Hillary
Clinton's close friend the Virginia
Governor Terry McAuliffe was afraid that
she would lose the swing state of
Virginia so he forced down the throat of
Virginians overriding courts overriding
the cuy the the state Congress
everything he forced a law down their
throats that allowed felons to vote and
run for office because who would felons
vote for right I mean felon let you know
you know it's kind of like they say you
know you vote for the kind of people who
are like you felons are gonna vote for
Hillary Clinton a criminal is may she'll
support criminals this is great so he
gives felons back their civil rights
well this guy had done time big surprise
right
brats he's out he's free the guy had
done time because he had threatened to
assassinate the president and you say
which president he didn't care he was
either George W Bush or Barack Obama I
was like you know whatever you know but
the guy behind bars where he so very
clearly belongs but he he gets out and
then McAuliffe Terry McAuliffe in order
to help his candidate puts this puts
this guy in a position where he can run
for Congress think they are running a
comedy show so help me you know I
started this with a parable I will end
with a parable except this is when I say
when I say it's a parable it is a real
real life story that is so clear that it
is a parable I'm talking about what I
have come to call the Barbie Girls
Roseanne Barr and Samantha bee right the
Barbie Girls and and so Roseanne is a
Trump support and she says she puts out
a tweet kind of just on impulse that
could be interpreted as racist so the
interpreter is racist of course because
a conservative said it and call
conservatives a racist so it has to be
racist and she's fired off her show
within three hours this popular
money-making show she's fired within
three hours you know what I don't care
she sounds like an awful person it was
an ugly it was an ugly tweet whether it
was racist or not it was an ugly thing
to say you know the ABC Disney has the
right to do what they want Samantha bee
makes a comment this this where she used
the C word about Ivanka Trump which I
just think is brutally ugly I gotta say
you know I can have a pretty foul mouth
I'm working on it but I but especially
when I'm around guys I can have a foul
mouth even I don't use that word I don't
and I certainly would never never use it
to refer to oh this this person that I
just happened to disagree with or
whatever that that remark was not on
impulse it was not on drugs it was not
because she's mentally ill it was a
scripted remark that went through all
the vetting that could possible possibly
go through right the station vets it
that producer vets it she goes on and
says that the audience cheers they they
tweet is oh how wonderful it is it's
trending on Twitter I think it wasn't
some social media she's a kind of
apology now that there's a lot of
rade she's kind of a pod they give her
an award you know the left starts having
this conversation about you know is it
really bad to say this I mean now this
rats I've become the party that thinks
ms-13 has you know sparkles with the
divine spark and you know it's okay to
call women this ugly word that's the
party that's the party you know we hate
the we hate the good economy
we're not moved by your the fact that
you have a job you know we've we call
women's the c-word and we love gangsters
and you look and you say like you're
joking right no no that that's really
where we stand and then they start
talking about there's no double standard
they start saying there's no double
standard well who is it Brooke Baldwin
on CNN and good for her Brooke Baldwin
no friend of she's on CNN so she's
obviously a left winger no friend of
Trump you know very very hard on all
things right wing but she did call them
out on this she called them out on the
double standard among other things the
fact that Disney which is owned which
owns this ABC on which Roseanne Barr was
fired Roseanne Barr
but hired back Heath Olbermann to talk
on ESPN and Brooke Baldwin to her credit
because he also went after Samantha B I
really admired her for this because look
we're on different sides but if he do it
with integrity you got to you got to get
some respect she put together this piece
of Keith Olbermann who there's now
Disney is hiring as Roseanne Barr goes
out the window
this guy is coming in through the door
Donald Trump is a loser Trump is indeed
effing crazy I'm setting aside policy
for a moment because as mindless and as
evil as the baboon's policy is it can
and will be rolled back sooner or later
and his policies all hang together if
you just keep asking yourself what would
have happened here in this country if
the Germans had won World War two I'm
talking about the man himself now his
brain does not work correctly there is a
myriad of possible explanations and we
have hit them all here congenital
disease drug use any of a dozen post can
cushon traumas Alzheimer's senility lack
of common sense lack of awareness of
things in the world besides himself and
endless specific emotional or
psychological or intellectual in
capacities or all of these things at the
same time you said recently via a tweet
that Trump and his family have done more
damage to America than bin Laden and
Isis combined yes alright we'll finish
this up in just a minute first we got to
talk about Dollar Shave Club which I
have used for years and years long
before they became a sponsor I love
their razors but they don't just send
razors they send your razor a pack of
razors every month or you can put
anything you want your in your box but
you get they send you anything you need
to get ready in the bathroom so over the
weekend a lot of times I have so much
real estate to shave I don't use other
things but over the weekend I was trying
out a lot of their shaving stuff I do
use their shave butter but I use some of
their shave prep and their shaved post
stuff really good stuff I mean it made
me feel I really put a bounce in my step
it was terrific and here's a great way
to try a bunch of Dollar Shave club's
products for just five bucks you can get
their daily essentials starter set it
comes with body cleanser
one wipe Charlies they're amazing butt
wipes which I haven't use but to mate
which may be too much information as it
is their world-famous shave butter which
is excellent their best razor the six
blade executive which is what I use this
morning keep the blades coming for a few
more bucks a month and add in shampoo
toothpaste or anything else you need in
the bathroom check it all out at
dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin how do
you spell it I know you want to know
it's que la vie a n that's dollar shave
club dot-com slash Clavin try these
things out because I'm telling you it is
a it is a great club I really like it
alright so let me let me just end by
saying this that the parrot of the
parable of Samantha bee and Roseanne
Barr is simply the parable of a group of
people who have surrounded themselves
with themselves surrounded themselves
with people who agree with them and now
see everyone else as evil and because of
that they feel that they can treat us
like garbage and call us those horrible
names while castigating us for using
their names they should not be super
they should not be surprised that we
picked a man like Donald Trump to fight
back because that is the way they have
been treating us all this time he's
speaking of Father's Day we have a
special treat for our audience in honor
of Father's Day on Tuesday June 12th at
7 p.m. Eastern Daily wire god-king
Jeremy boring will descend among us and
host a roundtable discussion with Ben
Shapiro me Andrew Klavan and Michael
Knowles and we'll discuss what
fatherhood means why father's matter and
how fatherhood will stand up to an
increasingly anti-male culture
subscribers will even be able to write
in live questions for us to answer on
the air again that's Tuesday June 12th
at 7 p.m. Eastern 4 p.m. Pacific you can
find our special live stream on Facebook
and YouTube so don't miss it
hey coming up I got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube but coming up is a
conversation with our own Jacob Perry
now every time Knowles Knowles usually
does this portion of the show he's on
his honeymoon III wanted him to call in
but no he was busy do I don't do
something I don't know but but no
Knowles every time Knowles comes on and
we get into it we start to dissing comic
book movie movies I walk down the hall
and Jacob comes out and says let me come
on and defend comic book movies normally
I just call security and have him taken
away and and nobody's ever complained
that nobody ever complains about
dragging him away but normally but but
today I'm going to let him come on and
give Marvel and all the other comic book
movies his his defense and then we're
gonna take him out in the parking lot
and just kick the living daylights out
of him
all right I'm like all right well we
will say goodbye to Facebook and YouTube
come on over the daily wire.com while
you're there doofus subscribe for a
lousy ten bucks a month or a lousy
hundred bucks for the year and get the
leftist tears tumblr it looks like
you're really gonna need this left is
tears tumblr so you want to get it now
by subscribing for the year
all right Jacob arey take what the hell
do you do around here you know you know
no one can really answer that question I
just kind of walk in you're getting away
with murder that's all I get now I see
you've assembled your your characters in
front of you it's pathetic just I'm just
ashamed to know you but but listen
here's the thing as I've said many times
it's not that I mind a comic book movie
I mind that all movies are now comic
book movies that is what that is what
disturbs me and I do not understand in
all honesty you know it's it's as if I
mean I know there's some people who
don't like westerns and sure they're you
know a homosexual communist but that's
that's okay you know there's nothing
wrong with that but but but I don't
understand why this genre continues
talking to people we have people as you
know out in the hall I come in Shapiro
and Austin are in some fight about what
happened to Han Solo you know and I want
to grab them both and say he's not real
you know comic book movie and not not a
comic book movie fair enough but I would
like to know let's talk about it
personally first what is it that you
yeah you've obviously been in love with
comic books and so on since you were a
kid right yeah so what what is it you
think that grabs you personally about
these films well for me personally like
like you said I my first comic book
adventure new cotton books was I
collected Batman and spider-man comic
books from the age of 8 and for me
personally it's just being able to see
all these characters that I saw in
illustrations and in these graphic
novels come to life and you know
sometimes they're miscast or whatever
but for the most part I feel that Marvel
in particular has been really good at
casting the actors to play the roles and
it's just I have to say it's about 55
percent nostalgia you love you know it's
it's Millennials have this thing about
must out nostalgia I'm certainly a
millennial and I think watching these
characters come to life and I can take
my nephew to see them I can take my
friends to see them and it's something
that I enjoyed and it's there for
on the big screen well unfortunately
that's not as idiotic and answer as I
was hoping for but that actually makes
perfect sense to me but now tell me this
what you know I look you know I'm
getting on I see this is that I talked
to people when I go to universities I
say I say though I always say to them
because I'm a fiction writer and I write
you know for the screen I sometimes say
then what do you do for entertainment do
you ever go to the movies because they
don't they knit you know Millennials
don't go to the movies anymore they'll
say well no but you know Marvel movies
yeah and I know coming woman so what is
it they're saying some people aside from
the nostalgia what is the grander themes
here that I seem to be missing I think
that there is a part of Molino and I've
certainly fallen into this as well where
we want to be a part of something bigger
but we don't feel like we can be and so
when we see these Marvel characters and
like like I said it and this kind of
does slide into the nostalgia but it's
like oh well this is a character that
spoken to me since I was a kid I
understand this character and so I get
to applaud this person doing the things
that I would like to do I would like to
be heroic and maybe this person can help
me understand how to be in how to be
heroic and why being heroic is important
why sacrifice matters okay but why but
why then why then not make movies about
world war two or or even even science
fiction movies about exploring the solar
system which your generation will
probably start to do I mean after all
you know there probably are people your
age will wind up living on the moon you
and you first if you're not careful but
but why not make what bothers me about
superheroes why they why they become
boring to me after time you know it's
like not like I don't like a movie a a
superhero movie but just one after
another is that they don't have the
problems I have because they're super
fast or super strong or can't or can't
be they can't be killed I mean Superman
is used to by listen I loved comics as a
kid but even then it used to bother me
that Superman essentially was immortal
that he couldn't be killed and I would
think like it's unfair advantage that's
why I was a big Batman fan but but why
superheroes why not
you know soldier
why not cowboys why not things like even
even Star Wars guys why these particular
guys with these particular powers well I
think there it has to do with escapism I
think whenever we go to a movie and
whether we like it or not the movies are
an art form that are that is meant to
entertain but and I think that when when
we go to the movies we don't want to be
oh I learned about this battle in
history books I learned about this and
and I know if my I actually had a really
good father he made sure that besides
superhero movies I was watching World
War 2 films and westerns and and whatnot
so shout out to my dad for that but you
know even me watching Dunkirk I'm like
this is a really fantastic film but it
gets this this this and this wrong about
history and so I feel like they just go
into these films and knowing that it's
fiction and it's a way for them to just
take a break from their daily lives and
also get to see what their favorite
characters are doing because you know
these movies they're they move forward
they're not a static timeline like the
comics are they actually move forward in
time so I think that you know it's a
it's a that's a television show it's a
it's a better television show I think so
I think that has something to do with it
I can't say I'm 1/2 percent positive of
it but that's what I would say I have to
bring up one of my big objections to
this and maybe this sounds funny but I
don't I actually don't mean it it it
really does bother me is that because
most of the women in these stories have
superpowers and because there's almost
no sex in them there's no sex in them in
the sense of the sex lives we lead when
I talk about sex I'm not just talking
about the sex act I'm talking about the
fact that as I as I seem to remember a
good like you know 90 percent of my
mental time as a young person was spent
thinking about women and thinking about
how to manage this incredibly powerful
force that is always flowing through us
and making it difficult to react to each
other as human beings and and making and
at the core of so many great stories I
mean sex is at the core of so on you
know maybe I should just
Aeros not sex eros is at the core of so
many great stories these stories seem to
me almost devoid of arrows am I wrong
about that am I missing something well I
would say that you're not wrong in the
sense that you know there's not a whole
lot of it but I would say it's toned
down so like for certain if you watch
the Iron Man films he certainly has this
sexual tension with Pepper Potts you
know the main character Tony Stark
Captain America certainly every single
one of his films has some sort of sexual
tension to it so I think - there are
already so many things on television and
in films it's kind of like I do see your
point a little bit there drew but I'm
part of me is going well yeah but so
many other films have that why does this
one specific genre need to be filled up
with it but like I said you can you can
definitely see it certainly in the Dark
Knight trilogy Christopher Nolan's
masterpiece you can see it in black
panther just recently so I do think that
you're partially right but I think it's
just more toned down than it is
non-existent does it tell me something
about Millennials that they actually
want their escapism to be less sexy than
then I used to want my you know I kind
of wanted to go to escapism they had hot
girls and you know James Bond and that
sort of thing you know is there is
there's a tell me something about
Millennials that they feel that sex is
one of the things they want to escape
from when they go to escapism well I
think certainly when you have you know
third wave feminists screeching at you
you know if you're if you're a if you're
a woman have all the sex you want to it
doesn't matter doesn't make any
difference if you're a guy you looked at
her wrong you know so certainly for men
I can definitely see how how that plays
has a part to play in that so tell me
that I think of Marvel and DC is there
any what are the comic book universes
that I'm supposed to know about well you
have Warner Brothers has what's called
the DC extended universe and that's you
know Batman vs Superman Justice League
Wonder Woman you've got the Marvel
Cinematic Universe which just released
Black Panther in Avengers infinity war
and then sony has excuse me not Sony but
they have Fox has the x-men universe
and they're all separate unique they
have their own storylines I believe that
Dark Horse comment I know I'm sorry
Image Comics they're actually thinking
of launching a cinematic universe with
their premiere character spawn I believe
Jamie Foxx has been cast to play him so
that'll be so now we have a fourth one
we we get to go to the movies to see all
right well listen I you know I hope one
day you learn better and start more
adult art you know I appreciate your
coming out you actually I I gotta say
Jacob you actually made a fairly solid
defense get out and I never want to see
you again that's actually very very
interesting it was worthwhile I mean
people they love these films they love
them and it's not that I dislike them I
always feel like everything is black and
white on the air like if you say you
don't love them everybody thinks I hate
them that's not it I just think like
enough you know they're all the same
anyway
I did what I loved Logan I thought that
was agreement while we're talking about
movies I got to tell you about a movie I
saw on the plane which I want to
recommend because they critics really
disc this picture and yet the people
like loved it when you go on Rotten
Tomatoes it's one of those things I
guess like 50% from the critics and 90%
from from people but this is this
musical called the greatest showman and
I watched it on the plane and I'm gonna
watch it again I wish I almost never do
but it was a little the sound was a
little muddy on the plane it is a
musical about the life of PT Barnum and
it with Hugh Jackman if Hugh Jackman
were any better at musical comedy he'd
have to be gay I mean I they were just
have to say I'm sorry Hugh know it was
just one thing he is really good at it
really talented guy very talented actor
very appealing guy and and the PT Barnum
what he you know he wasn't just a con
man they always quote that line there's
a sucker born every minute and I don't
think there's any evidence that he
actually ever said that but he did run a
kind of a freak show is so you know with
a bearded lady and the Tom Thumb the
midget and all this stuff
and they take that story and they make
it about that
you know corny stuff but so they make it
about inclusion
and he's giving these freaks and he's
including them in life he's giving them
a purpose and he's giving them taking
them in and there's and some of them are
black and and actually Barnum was a
fighter for for rights for black people
like he'd went into politics later on
and and they take it and make it about
that but it's also about the glory of
bunkum the glory of fit of fakery and
and fooling people and what really
struck me about this I mean there's a
moment there's a real this has a couple
of great moments and I got to remember
to mention this one woman who's a knows
India i-i've never heard have you heard
of zendaya yeah cuz she's like a Disney
girl or something like this really
talented extraordinarily beautiful very
charismatic she she could actually
become a star if she doesn't blow
herself out like all those other Disney
girls always do what she she was really
something else but there are a lot of
really they're a couple of really good
numbers the songs were okay but the
numbers are grades and daya has one on
the with Zac Efron on the on the trapeze
that is really entertaining and there's
one number between PT Barnum and Zac
Efron who plays Philip Carlyle who's
kind of stand-in for Bailey you know the
Barnum & Bailey Circus but but in this
Carlyle is a play producer and he's a
very upper-class play producer who
believes in the Arts and Barnum needs
him to bring him into polite society and
Barnum goes to him and says that what do
you want to waste your time and the
stuffy old arts for when you can be a
Buncombe artist like me and the film is
with PT Barnum in this so here's this
what number I'll just play a minute of
it they're in a bar together it's really
cleverly done with them slamming the
drinks down to catch through the rhythm
of the song and PT Barnum makes his
pitch to this guy don't be like you all
stuffy and doing art now your art let's
come on over and run the bearded lady in
Tom Thumb
right here right now I put the uh friend
I don't wanna kiss you down you see with
you and I can cut your food how good the
touch me boss you keep in so trade up to
the call just something helpful and if
it's crazy
live a little crazy you can play intense
ball King unconventional
are you are you
change or you finally
it's a good number but the point of it
is become a get away from the arts and
civilized society and become a Buncombe
artisan I was thinking about this and
comparing it to Mad Men because I don't
know if you've seen Mad Men but the
thesis of Mad Men was that America at
its greatest was a fake the guy who is
the star of Mad Men is under living
under a fake name he stole in somebody
else's life all he does all day is take
American desires and turn them into
sales turn them into products the last
scene of Mad Men is one of the truly
great television scenes where he then
moves into the 60s and he even takes the
sixties and turns it into the coke
commercial you know I mean it's just
everything in other words everything
that America does ultimately becomes
capitalism but it's grim about it it's
kind of a it's kind of scolding about it
it's kind of like you know you know the
advertising story that used to be a
trope in the 50s and 60s advertising was
soul-killing soul-destroying you want to
break out and be an artist and this is
basically saying the exact opposite and
it's catching something about American
life that advertising maybe Buncombe but
it also created industries it created
wealth it created a fantastic powerful
powerhouse of an economy in a country
that really led the world and raised the
standard of living for everybody all
those people who are always grim always
remember the Socialists like Pete Seeger
singing their country songs about your
ticky-tack houses I thought people
people would cut their arms off to live
in these little houses these little
suburban houses in Levittown and you
know I mean this is it was such snobbery
about what it took and this actually
enjoys American Buncombe and American
salesmanship an American showmanship and
it actually enjoys it and it's a it's a
fun movie I'm not gonna tell you it's a
great movie because the music's not that
great the stories you know what's the
word I'm looking for is kind of corny
old-fashioned story but it is just
enjoyable every minute like that minute
I found that's a really enjoyable song a
really enjoyable number and it's
enjoyable and there's something about
the celebration of it and I have to say
it I hate to lead everything back to
Trump but I think Trump has a little bit
of that spirit that PT Barnum's spirit
and it drives the Skoll ders and the
haters and the American grim faces mad
that he is having such a good time
and that he is bringing us through the
economy such a good time but you know
that's part of the world is part of the
world is advertising Buncombe and having
a great time and I just like this
picture because it celebrates that all
right speaking of which our crappy
culture I am never going to stop
attacking Starbucks for their reaction
to this to the social justice warriors I
am so ashamed of them I like I'd like
their coffee I can't bring myself to go
in there
I'm not boycotting them you know I'm not
gonna say oh this is a political act but
I actually I'm in New York when I'm in
New York that's all I do I eat at
Starbucks all the time I have a
Starbucks gift card I walk in I buy my
lunch I could not go in I couldn't go in
I'm so embarrassed
that they have allowed themselves to be
taken over by these black lives matter
social justice warrior because they
threw a couple of people who were
misbehaving they weren't paying for
anything and they were sitting on the
property and then they refused the order
of the police to go out they happened to
be black but they were also trespassers
so Starbucks employees I'm reading this
I think this from PJ media star block
bucks employees are bristling after
being forced to sit through an entire
day of training on racial bias on
Tuesday following this April incident in
Philadelphia in order to atone for the
now fired manager the manager who threw
out these guys and called the police
Starbucks rolled out a new inclusiveness
policy shuttering 8,000 locations for a
day of color brave training which
included several documentary videos
notebooks for employees to record their
private thoughts and a 68 page employee
guidebook which teaches employees about
topics such as institutional racism and
the history of prejudice according to
The Wall Street Journal they also listen
to a series of audio recordings of
Starbucks employees describing
interactions they have had with
customers in which their own biases
became their own biases became apparent
and one of them said that they have
turned because now they have to allow
anybody in they say anybody can come in
and use the bathroom one of the
employees said Starbucks is now becoming
America's largest public toilet all they
had to do is say hey you know what we're
a business
friendly business we love everybody but
we're here to make money so you've got
to pay to use our property that's all
they had to say is has nothing to do
with race it's in Philadelphia you think
they're not serving black people in
Philadelphia I mean you know people they
they work on you by not by blotting out
your imagination all you got to do is
use your imagination for two minutes and
ask yourself wait a minute I think about
serving black and white and yellow and
brown and all kinds of people every
single day and they're going awake oh
and that's good coffee
well what isn't it possible is just
these two guys doing the wrong thing you
know I mean maybe maybe the manager
overreacted maybe she didn't maybe she
was doing what they told her to do but
why are they apologizing I I'm telling
you I can it's just like you see it like
the NFL I'm not boycotting them I just
cannot watch a bunch of billionaires
millionaires diss the flag in America's
game it's the same kind of thing I
cannot go into Starbucks while they are
groveling like Stalinist prisoners all
right that's all I have to say for today
but I have more to say tomorrow I really
have some really want to talk about the
Supreme Court decision about the cake
baker who refused to bake for gays want
to talk about a lot of other things plus
we have my friend John Miller here to
talk about literature should be a great
show that's tomorrow
I'm Andrew Klavan this is the Andrew
Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike core Mina hair and
makeup is by Joshua alvera the Andrew
Klavan show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for word
publishing 2018
