as you've been watching the last it's
been probably a year and a half since we
last talked what do you think of sort of
the the movement that's continued to
pace to get rid of these these gender
differences that you've been seeing in
society more broadly it's very strange
because it's science denialism and the
left is all about science until it comes
to gender and once it comes to gender
they don't want to hear about studies
they don't want to hear about genetic
differences between males and females
they don't want to hear about
preferences or or any studies that show
that people with higher testosterone
testosterone tend to go towards certain
activities people with lower ones tend
to go they don't want to hear about that
they they want this weird thing where
you're not even having the Boy Scouts
anymore you just have the scouts like
there's this bizarre desire to eliminate
gender as even just even a variable it's
very weird and I don't I don't know why
I don't know where it's going I don't
know what's causing it I suspect it's
people that don't enjoy certain aspects
of male versus female competition or
male versus male competition and the way
that they feel like they could sort of
diminish that is to try to make the
whole subject seem like as if it's
fruitless and there's nothing there
let's leave it on there is no difference
so it's a it's a weird weird time when
it comes to a discussing gender a gender
all of a sudden which was something that
was just oh there's a boy there's a girl
I mean our whole life within the last
half a decade it's become this hugely
politically charged subject where you
what deal I saw my my wife was reading
this thing that she had to fill out
today and she goes look at this she goes
it says what do I identify with male or
female she's not it's like state your
sex it used to be state your sex now
it's what do you identify with and I'm
like okay what percentage of the people
are we play caning with this yeah like
who were so bizarre it actually has
medical consequences so I know a lot of
doctors because they have said many
times my wife is a doctor and there are
cases now where doctors are walking into
a room and it says on the chart that
somebody is of a particular sex and
they're not
of that sacks because they're writing
the sex they perceive themselves to be
well changes your diagnosis you have a
completely different body so you know I
heard a story about one patient who came
in and was having lower abdominal pain
well if you're a boy versus you're a
girl that's gonna make a pretty large
difference into how that diagnosis goes
you know at least a doctor know what sex
you're born with it's it's totally wild
and it's all this attempt to level I
think everything the attempts to just
get rid of natural differences between
human beings and pretend they don't
exist like we all want everybody to
obviously have equal rights and equal
liberties but that's not the same thing
as saying that everybody is going to be
equally strong in a fighting ring
