this thing about socialism yeah this
idea that will not die and you know it's
based on the idea that things can be
free they say well free healthcare say
well nothing's free so who's paying for
it and is it right if I get sick and I
go to my neighbor's house and point a
gun in his face and say pay for my
doctor is that right because that's
essentially what is going on and they
say well what about Norway where they've
never been you know I'm sure that Bernie
Sanders has never been to Norway though
things are great in Norway well first of
all Norway is not a socialist country it
has a free market it has a lot of a much
higher rate of social spending okay as a
result of that people in Norway are
happier than people in America but they
are living in our garage right do they
use cell phones they were invented under
capitalism do they use cars under
capitalism do they use computers they
were invented under capitalism do they
have an army that defends Norway no they
know they won't be invaded because our
army will defend them they live off
capitalism and people don't think about
it they don't they've trust their
emotions sounds fair it sounds nice yeah
a hundred million people were killed
under communism but you know it still
sounds fun so I think a lot of people
are just deluded
