I dunno what it is with the Republican
sense and celebrity what it is with the
Republicans in celebrity is that
Republicans are so often ripped on by
celebrities you know out here in Los
Angeles in Hollywood they spend so much
of their day being ripped on by people
out here that they get sad and then when
a celebrity comes forward and says I'm
with you everybody gets super excited oh
my gosh that famous person's with me and
it's it's fairly typical it's just a
human nature thing like when I was
growing up I remember that a big hero in
the Jewish community and still is with
Sandy Koufax
now Sandy Koufax is not a practicing
Jews Sandy Koufax is not somebody who
spends a lot of time thinking about
Judaism Sandy Koufax I believes
intermarried but Sandy Koufax one time
took off a day of Yom Kippur day of Yom
Kippur in the World Series and this was
a big move because Sandy Koufax is a
celebrity people are very very taken in
by celebrity the problem is a lot of
celebrities are celebrities for things
that have nothing to do with politics so
Roseanne was a celebrity because she's a
funny lady who was on a show in the 90s
those actually quite select and the same
thing is true for Kanye West as I say
live by the Kanye die by the Kanye I'm
very glad that Kanye is saying the
people ought to think for themselves but
Kanye is also Kanye and he is apt to say
things from time to time that may not be
politically the wisest you tie yourself
to a celebrity
Kid Rock who knows nothing about
politics and you shouldn't be surprised
when he burns you can't Republicans hide
themselves from celebrity in Donald
Trump and most of the things that have
burned them about tunnels from have come
from him being a celebrity not from him
being the president it's been him
playing Celebrity Apprentice at the
White House or him during the campaign
saying celebrity like things right
that's that's where most of the trouble
for the Trump administration has come
not in his policy his policies been
quite good and while now Donald Trump
and Jared Kushner and the White House
they're inviting over Kim Kardashian now
why they would invite Kim Kardashian I
suppose it's because yay we have a
celebrity and Kim Kardashian as close to
Kanye West and maybe if we maybe we
recruit some celebrities then a lot of
people will be warmer toward us and
we're showing that we're reaching across
the aisle and all the rest Kim
Kardashian okay let's just say that the
risk factor on Kim Kardashian is not low
right Kim Kardashian is not a low risk
figure she's not a person who you have
to the white house and then you assume
that she's gonna be a grand spokesperson
for your policies now I understand
Democrats could do this and get away
with it
because they could always
one celebrity amidst the thousands of
other celebrities they had Democrats are
not tied to particular celebrities in
the same way the Republicans are so
Hillary Clinton was not tied to Harvey
Weinstein in the same way that Donald
Trump was sort of tied to Roseanne in
this particular case because Harvey
Weinstein was not one among thousands of
Hollywood celebrities who supported
Hillary Clinton there are like five
public celebrities who supported Donald
Trump and so Trump in the public eye is
very tied to each of them
