it's Kim Kardashian what's she going to
the White House to talk about she's
going there to meet with Jared Kushner
about prison reform criminal justice
reform this is something this is one of
these issues that lefties are pushing
and conservatives who want to seem like
cool guys and get approval from the left
they are pretending is important now to
criminal justice reform what it really
means is letting criminals out of prison
when you hear criminal justice reform
usually what you're hearing is let's let
bad guys out of prison so anyway Kim
Kardashian wants to go and talk to
Kushner about this but a part of the
reason that Cushing who really cares
about this issue is that Jared Kushner
father went to prison for tax evasion
illegal campaign contributions witness
tampering
when Kushner was a younger younger boy
and so now he wants to get Republicans
to back letting criminals out of prison
so Kushner is pushing this bill called
the first step act the first step act
this is what Kushner said it illustrates
a total misunderstanding of this issue
but we can explain why that is he says
if we start showing that we can make the
prisons more purposeful and more
effective at lowering the recidivism
rate over time that it may help the
people who are trying to make the
argument for sentencing reform so Trump
said he would sign this bill it just
passed the House overwhelmingly three
6259 this is where Jared Kushner's
Democrat Court is showing and I hope
Republicans don't fall for this so it's
the first step act right and it what
they do in DC is they make these acts
they ads like these very long acronyms
so it's the formerly incarcerated
reenter society transformed safely
transitioning every person Act what it
does is it gives that goodtime credits
to prison inmates and it can cut a week
per year off of their sentence but it
works retroactively Lee so there are
going to be people who when this passes
they'll just get out of jail immediately
it's gonna be a get out of jail free
card they also are now proposing a
quarter billion dollars in extra
spending for educational and
rehabilitative programs for these
inmates and Kushner explained the core
of this issue the core of this total
misunderstanding by he said well the
single biggest thing we want to do is
really define what the purpose of a
prison is is the
mr. punish is the purpose to warehouser
is the purpose to rehabilitate yeah well
all of those things that's the purpose I
know what he wants us to say is that
it's just to rehabilitate that's what he
wants he says it was just a rehabilitate
this gets to a fundamental
misunderstanding of the purpose of
prison and of justice there are three
kinds of punishment retributive
punishment deterrence and rehabilitation
those are those are the three purposes
of punishment and of our prison system
to exact retribution for crimes that
were committed to deter and to
rehabilitate but now we only ever talk
about the latter two and really just the
last one we really only talk about
prison as therapy is though we're
sending them to some nice to turks and
caicos so they can work out their
problems we're talking about criminals
no you're punishing them mercy to the
guilty is cruelty to the innocent as
Adam Smith said criminal justice I
talked to a lot of people in this field
in the criminal justice field
criminologists I kid you not I said I
asked them what's the purpose of
criminal justice and almost uniformly
they they say it's sometimes deterrent
and to rehabilitate they don't talk
about the retributive aspects but I said
okay well that's criminal justice huh
that's your explanation so where does
the justice come in
