well before we get into the more
important discussion I have to say that
I'm still marveling at this thing with
Elizabeth Warren ben shapiro wrote
something yesterday where he said that
trumps superpower is that he gets his
opponents to say stupid things and do
stupid things which is a great
superpower to have especially as we head
into the midterms and certainly to
release your DNA results to prove that
your great-great-great great-great-great
granduncle may have been possibly Native
American or or maybe just Mexican or
Colombian or something well that is a
stupid thing that is a very stupid thing
it's stupid not just because the results
are so sad and they actually disprove
the very thing you're trying to prove
but because this is an embarrassing
subject for Warren and for the Democrats
and it's something that they should be
ignoring you know the right approach for
them was just to act like this
Pocahontas thing wasn't happening to
ignore it completely call it a
distraction anytime the Republicans
bring it up to say oh they're talking
about these silly things because they
don't want to talk about the plan for
America they want to talk about the
economy you know that whole that whole
thing the politicians do but to actually
bring it up yourself I mean that is
astoundingly stupid that this is the
thing you're not supposed to want to
talk about this is the embarrassing
thing for you everyone's laughing at you
and and that's though as a politician
the worst thing the world is to become a
punchline that's the worst thing you
don't want people to laugh at you they
could they could hate you they can be
angry at you thick but but for them to
laugh at you and consider you a
punchline I think that's the worst thing
in the world which which by the way for
for for Democrats and for liberals in
their opposition of Trump
by far for them the more effective move
is to make him into a punchline and to
treat him like a cartoon and a
caricature which they which they do that
quite a bit and I think that's far more
effective than but on the other hand
they also mix that in with taking him
very seriously and you know saying well
he's the second coming of Hitler and
he's gonna destroy the world and
everything else that that's like the
opposite of treating him as a punchline
that's taking him very very seriously so
they're doing both things and that it's
the latter the second one that is not
effective it's not an effective strategy
but it's all it's all part of this where
they kind of can coax them into doing
stupid things and why did she do this
stupid things well this stupid thing
well because this is what happens when
you have blind seething hate in your
heart for somebody else and I think in
any competitive environment whether it's
whether it's politics or anything else
it doesn't help to be filled with hate
and rage you don't want that because you
can't think clearly in that condition
you don't have the calm cool kind of
head that you need to analyze the
situation choose the most expedient path
form a strategy and executed that you
can't do that when you're filled with
hatred it's like and think about in
football you know if you're a linebacker
on a football team it helps to play a
little bit angry it helps to be
aggressive to get pumped up to have a
little bit of a grudge against your
opponent but you can't be overcome with
hatred for your opponent because then
you get flustered you make dumb
decisions you're not strategic and
you're thinking so when a player is way
too angry and he hates the other team he
hates another play on the other team
they've gotten into his head that's what
he might go and punch a guy in the head
or tackle someone after the whistle
which may be satisfying for him in the
moment but then it detracts from his
overall objective of actually winning
the game because then he gets the
penalty he gives a first down to the
other team and when it comes to politics
I think Trump's opponents are constantly
taking personal foul penalties their
constant
giving Trump first downs Trump was
marched up and down the field and
because of penalties all the time um and
and it's because they're making
decisions based on sheer hatred not
strategy these are not pragmatic
strategic decisions and in this case I
think Warren the only thing she could
think about the only thing on her mind
was that she wanted to prove Trump wrong
and she wanted to try to make him look
stupid but in the process she just made
herself look stupid
because that's all she could think about
she wasn't she wasn't thinking clearly
now let me say something else because
this whole warren thing has brought up a
conversation about putting the politics
aside for a minute there's been a
conversation about about when can you
really say that you're part something
everyone likes to claim in America this
is an American thing I'll get to that in
a minute but everyone America likes to
claim that there's that they have some
kind of ethnic heritage so people say oh
I'm Italian I'm Irish I'm a Native
American I'm French
whatever but when does it really count
when can you really say it and let me
just in this just general PSA okay
because we're on the subject here is the
rule I think okay if you if you're off
the boat yourself then obviously that
counts okay so if you're off the boat
from from from France or I guess it'll
be the plane these days then you could
say that you're French if your parents
were off the boat then that counts if
two or more grandparents are off the
boat that counts but here's where it
gets complicated I think that's all
pretty straightforward right but but but
here's where it gets complicated what if
say only one grandparent gesture
paternal grandmother was from Italy can
you then say that you're Italian and
here's how I think we sort through that
okay if it's only one grandparent I
think you can claim that heritage as
your own if you were close with her
growing up and you were around her a lot
and you spent a lot of time with her
because then you have more than just a
trace of Italian DNA because if it's
just if it's just one grant even even as
even a grandparent if it's just one
grandparent that was from this country
but you know that's it when it comes to
your actual the actual you know in a
literal sense the the your there's
there's not much there right it's pretty
diluted but if you're around her a lot
and you're very close with this Italian
grandmother then you have the heritage
you have the customs you have the
culture which you which you would have
absorbed from your Italian grandma and
then I think in that case it's fair to
say well I'm part Italian
if your Italian grandmother died when
you were three and all of your living
relatives and the only ones you ever
spent any time with we're all just
American no accent nothing then you're
American you're not Italian American
you're just you're American that's all
you're American which by the way is fine
it's it's great it's awesome this is the
weirdest thing about America is that
everyone wants to live here but nobody
wants to be from here for some reason
everyone wants to claim that they're
from somewhere else well what's wrong
with just being from America if your
family has been here for generations
then you're from America you're not from
Poland you're from America and what's
wrong with that what's wrong with having
American heritage I mean again if you've
been in this country for generations and
almost all of your family members are
from this country wealth and that's why
go around saying oh I'm 1/4 Irish 1/10
polish a 13th Australian no you're not
you're American none of that means
anything what I mean you're 1/4 Irish
1/4 this a quarter what is that again
unless you really grew up in a house
that was just immersed in that culture
then fine but if that if you just have a
quarter that doesn't meet your your
America that's what you are and that's
the thing with Warren her family was a
parent has parently been here in America
for a very long time
if she could trace her blood back 300
years to find that potentially someone
in her family reproduced with a Native
American well that means that she that
her family's been here for a very lawful
sentence and that's something to be
proud of that is a heritage in and of
itself it's not like you could only have
a heritage if you're from some other
country like we don't have our own
heritage we tweak it you can't have one
from America if your family has been
here since the Civil War or earlier
that's really cool that's awesome you
should be proud of that
stop trying to erase your family history
by homing in on that little fraction of
some other culture that you allegedly
have in your blood but that has really
had very little influence on you or I
should say no influence at all really um
people don't do that in other countries
by the way nobody in China is going well
I'm a quarter Korean a tenth South
African no they're not doing that
they're Chinese and they're proud of it
they're saying I'm Chinese so why not be
American I mean America was it was an
unsettled wild frontier country only 150
years ago America is a very young
country so if your family's been here
for a long time then your family was
here when the country was still being
built and and tamed and formed and
that's awesome that is a heritage that
is history
that is American history American
heritage and you should be proud of it
stop trying to calm through your
ancestry so that you can say well I'm
1/16 Mongolian who cares that doesn't
mean anything that had no no influence
on you whatsoever you are American
period be it all right
switching gears
so over the weekend speaking of
Americans American American pastor
Andrew Bronson was released after two
years in a pircuit Turkish a Turkish
prison he had been arrested on charges
of Christianization which yes that is
that's a real thing and in many
countries across the world a
Christianisation is a crime that you can
commit and the Trump administration
negotiated for his release and he
finally arrived home and there was a
wonderful scene at the White House where
pastor Brunson was thanking Trump and
prayed for him prayed over him it was a
great scene but I think I think pastor
Bronson's plights
and as far as I know he hasn't spoken
much yet about about his actual
experiences in prison which I'm sure
we're not pleasant experiences I'm sure
we'll hear that story eventually but his
plight brings our minds back or or or
ought to bring our minds back anyway to
the problem of Christian persecution
across the world
remember he was arrested for being
Christian that was his crime and that is
a crime as I said in many countries in
fact there was a recent report for at
least a few months ago that said that
Christian persecution today is worse now
than it's ever been in history you know
China Egypt India Iraq Nigerian North
Korea Pakistan Turkey Saudi Arabia the
situation is very bad in all these
countries Christians are arrested
tortured killed
persecuted in many other ways their
churches are burned down
and their their very existence their
faith their existence has been
criminalized there's a story in Newsweek
of all places about this problem a few
months ago may read a little bit of that
to you just to give you the just so you
understand what's happening
it says the persecution and genocide of
Christians across the world is worse
today than quote at any time in history
and Western governments are failing to
stop it a report from a Catholic
organization said the study by aid to
the church in need so the treatment of
Christians has worsened substantially in
the past two years compared with the two
years prior and has grown more violent
than any other period in modern time not
only are Christians more persecuted than
any other faith group but
ever-increasing numbers are experiencing
the very worst forms of persecution the
report said the report examined the
plight of Christians in China Egypt
India Iran Iraq Nigeria North Korea
Pakistan Saudi Arabia Sudan Syria Turkey
over the period lasting from 2015 until
2017 and the research show that in that
time Christian suffered crimes against
humanity some were hanged some were
crucified
it says Saudi Arabia was the only
country where the situation did not get
worse but that doesn't mean it got any
better
the report put a special focus on Middle
Eastern countries like Iraq and Syria
where the authors argued Christians
would have been entirely wiped out if it
weren't for military action and the
assistance of Christian humanitarian
organizations that it talks about the
situation for Coptic Christians in Egypt
and then for Christians and in various
African countries it's very bad as well
so this is a this is a widespread
problem across the globe yet despite
this Newsweek article it gets very
little attention even though every once
in a while you have a story like the
pastor being freed which got a little
bit of attention for the mainstream
media
why isn't it getting more attention well
as I think I've explained before I think
the main reason well there are two
reasons we don't pay attention that much
to Christian persecution across the
globe the first reason is that it's far
away and it's just hard for us to care
about things that are far away so it's
similar to if there's a if there's a
natural disaster in Indonesia that's not
going to get our attention as much as a
disaster in the Florida Panhandle
because these things are closer to us
and and and to a certain extent you know
into a certain extent that makes sense
it makes sense for us to to care
particularly especially about the things
that are close to us it's a very human
thing it's a very normal thing
but when it comes to the persecution of
Christians overseas I think it seems as
though we've we've basically entirely
ignored it
at least the media has like it doesn't
matter at all and that of course is not
okay that's not natural that's not human
and what's the reason for that what's
the special reason for ignoring the
persecution of Christians overseas I
think that um that the reason is that
Christians have been historically and
are today on a massive scale victims
Christians are in a very real sense a
victim group not in every country
certainly but but then there's no group
of people in the world anymore who are
victims in every country okay there
isn't which is a which is a great thing
but there isn't any type of person any
demographic left that is violently
persecuted everywhere across the globe
unborn babies may come the closest to
that designation there are 50 million
abortions across the globe every year so
I think they I think they fall into that
category but among born people that
doesn't really exist which again is
great that's we should celebrate that um
yet
the victimization of Christians is
endemic it is an epidemic maybe it may
not be happening everywhere but it's
happening in many many places well we
don't talk about it because remember in
America victimization is power everybody
wants to be a victim and the whole point
of identity politics like we talked
about yesterday it's to divide people
into two groups victim and victimizer
and the left has made it very easy for
itself and it's said that basically
everyone except for white Christian
males belong in the victim group
so if they acknowledge that actually
Christians Christians of all races and
ethnicities are being persecuted across
the globe that it throws off their whole
system also I think the left it
considers the victim title to be a great
honor to be a very trendy and kind of
cool thing to be a victim and so they
don't want they don't want to share that
title with Christians because they hate
Christians and indeed on a global scale
they would they would say that
Christianity is perhaps the greatest
villain of all
that's the narrative that they've
established and this just interferes
with that narrative and that's why they
tell stories about the Inquisition and
the Crusades because they have to go
back they have to go back centuries to
find even an arguable or alleged example
of Christians systematically persecuting
anyone that's why they have to
immediately you know they go to the
Crusades as a thousand years ago so that
should really tell you something that
when when people want to make a case
that the Christian Church has been this
violent persecutor
the first thing they do is they go back
a thousand years to the Crusades of
course we could talk about how the
Crusades are misunderstood and they were
largely at least they were originally
launched as defensive struggles against
against Muslim aggression but but even a
sideline even if that is an example and
it was just straightforward the
Christians were evil and they did
terrible things and there was nothing
redeeming about it well that was a
thousand years ago and the fact that you
have to go back a thousand years that
should really tell you something so but
but again there this is this is all
about the narrative and they're there in
their narrative their entire worldview
is really thrown for a loop if they
admit Christians into the persecuted
Club they can't do that because their
their philosophy on life hinges on this
idea of persecution and victimization
and so they've got a very strict formula
and they just can't they can't fit
Christians into the into the victimized
group they can't do it it ruins
everything and so I think that combined
with how distant all of this is to us
geographically those two things together
just are the two ingredients that are
needed to Khaliq ompletely ignore what
this report I think accurately calls
genocide but you know we we and when I
say we I mean those of us who are not on
the left and who are not Christian
haters we should not ignore it this is
something that we should be paying
attention to thanks everybody for for
loose
thanks for watching I'll talk to you
tomorrow Godspeed
you
