here's what happened this guy Tommy
Robinson who again is a kooky fellow
he's sort of Milo gianopolous like he
was arrested and reportedly jailed on
Friday after he filmed members of an
alleged child grooming gang entering a
court for trial so he was standing
outside and he was filming them
apparently in Britain you're not allowed
to do this because they are afraid that
it will bias the jurors if you actually
film people outside so here's video of
him being arrested for literally
standing outside of a court and holding
a cell phone I haven't said a word in
fact someone laid their hand and
assaulted me a strike or threatened me
about my mother
and Here I am being arrested for saying
nothing so the judges in the past have
arrested him before he was arrested I
think a year ago in a similar case where
he was filming outside of a court house
in Leeds he apparently went into the
courthouse in this case he didn't go
inside the courthouse the judge in that
case said the Tommy Robinson could have
been responsible for biasing the jurors
now think about this from an American
perspective the press are constantly
going to courthouses and filming outside
courthouses as defendants walk in there
were all sorts of pictures just last
week of Harvey Weinstein walking into a
police station being arrested walking
out there was no suggestion that all of
the media who were reporting Harvey
Weinstein's arrest were somehow
contributing to an atmosphere of say
anti-semitism why because that's idiotic
it's insane to say that you can't report
on trials it's ridiculous to suggest you
can't say things that obviously our
public import in matters concerning in
some cases what appears to be a guarded
culture of the police protecting certain
people in order to prevent Islamophobia
or whatever this is well here is what
gets even crazier about the story so
Tommy Robinson is arrested and then an
order comes down from the court
it's now been reversed but the original
order from the court was you were not
allowed to report on Tommy Robinson's
arrest because if you reported on Tommy
Robinson's arrest
then you'd be biasing the jurors in his
case okay well this doesn't sound like V
for Vendetta kind of stuff I don't know
what does this sort of weirdly dystopian
nonsense where you can't report
on a trial because it involves radical
Muslims who are allegedly raping
children and then if you do report and
you are arrested and we can't report on
your arrest because then that might bias
the jurors in your case so according to
a source to talk to Fox News they say
the Tommy Robinson was jailed in hoe
prison the prison declined to comment to
Fox News on whether Robinson was there
Leeds Crown Court also did not return
the quest for information according to
the independent Robinson was already on
a suspended sentence for contempt of
court over a gang rape case in 2017 the
judge in the case on Friday slapped a
reporting ban on the case again this is
something that only happens in Britain
we don't have this sort of thing in the
United States there bans on having
reporters inside courtrooms sometimes
sometimes they won't allow cameras in
the courtroom but there is no idea that
you can't report on a case okay in the
United States everyone can report on a
case so long as the courtroom isn't
closed and you can report what's going
on outside the courtroom well the judge
in the case slapped a reporting ban on
the case the order bans reporters from
reporting on a case if there is reason
to believe the reporting could prejudice
a trial nears had a vague and insane
that standard it that if you believe the
reporting could prejudice a trial you
can't report on it every report could
possibly affect a trial
every single report
