so before we get into any of the deep
stuff I first want to get something off
the table because obviously there's an
elephant in the room for those who know
our history together so the first time
that we ever met in person is when I was
on your show back on CNN Headline News
and it became sort of a cause to let
because there was an incident with Zoey
terzo he's heard as a transgender woman
a man who is in my opinion believes he
has a woman and and doctor and dr. Drew
was hosting the show and in the middle
there was a bit of a conflagration when
he started calling me and suggesting I
was a little boy and I said what are
your genetic sir not you Zoey
and and at that point remember that
bright remember you calling her sir and
that's what got her so it started off
with me and talking about genetics and
then and then Zoey saying you don't know
anything about genetics little boy I see
and then me responding well what are
your genetic sir and that led obviously
to this big kind of blow-up and a
national story and all the rest and the
rest is history
and I I didn't produce it and I
apologize to you and to Zoey for putting
you in that position I had no idea that
was the direction was gonna go but I I
do remember you know I've done a lot of
I've run a lot of groups in my sign and
I know what groups are getting out of
control of this potential if I was I
know how to jump in I know where to jump
in and and I also know where to let
things kind of play out and I felt
always felt like okay well that's kind
of I'm not quite out of my chair yet on
this one yeah if I if you felt like I
should have been I Pollock oh no no it
wasn't it wasn't on you and I didn't
blame you for any of that it was just a
very weird and odd circumstance I just
wanted to get that one off the table
doctor doesn't bother over each other no
yeah everything's cool
