and I am Alicia Krause here at the Daily
wire with your version of episode 5
episode what are we are we have to said
four or five I don't know Michael Mills
isn't here so I've lost my mind but it
is my chance to finally have my own show
just kidding we really want a lot of
user interaction today so be sure to
check out the daily wire over at
Instagram and I'm checking the comments
right now on my laptop on my Facebook
page so you're watching this on the
daily wire Facebook page or over at
YouTube be sure to go to Instagram and
Facebook because we have lots to cover
today
Michael Knowles is headed to his
bachelor party folks I have heard about
this I think there's gonna be a limo I
think there's gonna be Atlantis City I
do not know and I would HIGHLY
discourage him attending any strip clubs
but I do know a cigar bar is in the mix
because of course it's Michael like what
would it be without whiskey and cigars
right he would not be a happy man
one of our own fellow talent members is
going I'll let you guess whether or not
that's been Shapiro or Andrew Clavin
obviously I'm crying sexism because I
was not invited but I want to know
everyone's crazy bachelor parties we
obviously have seen a lot of movies with
crazy boots
whether it's Bachelorette or bachelor
parties but I don't I want to know
real-life bachelor parties so send those
in and we all read them before we wrap
this up it's been a really big week and
the biggest news I think this week is
that President Trump is not meeting with
North Korea although today after we got
that news yesterday in the letter that
the President himself apparently
dictated that went it was the you know
letter heard around the world and more
appropriately let her heard around the
internet and I totally believe that
President Trump dictated this he had a
lot of Trump kind of quotes and moments
that are reminiscent of a lot of the
campaign lingo that we would hear hope
Hicks pushing out back in 2016 like this
quote I felt a wonderful dialogue was
building up between you and me and
ultimately it is only that dialogue that
matters maybe you guys could use that in
a breakup with a girlfriend or boyfriend
lipstick I don't know cuz it just sounds
so cheesy like a Lifetime movie but
today when President Trump was actually
headed to Annapolis Maryland to give the
a commencement address for at the Naval
Academy he told reporters before he
hopped on marine one that he thinks that
the meeting might still happen and that
it might still happen on June 12th so
this is fascinating news of course the
international community has really
reacted negatively to this but really
who cares what they have to think Nancy
Pelosi even said that this was a win for
kim jeong-hoon I actually think based on
what the North has said this could
actually be a really good diplomatic win
for Donald Trump because North Korea
responded in a much more tempered and
moderate tone than people expected them
to they said okay we still hope that the
meeting happens too and I am no North
Korean expert although I have been
reading up on this issue for a very long
time I've always been interested in the
plight and the atrocities at the port
people of in citizens of North Korea
have been experiencing under the the Kim
regime for 70 plus years now I do think
that moons behavior in South Korea and
his kind of cozy coziness with the North
for a very long time has concerned me
and I think it concerns other freedom
lovers as well in addition to that I
take everything I'm sure like much of
you do that the mainstream media reacts
to what President Trump says
specifically when it involves North
Korea with a very very very large grain
of salt like a biblical you know
sculpture level grain of salt because
look at how much they applauded the
regime when Kim sent his murderous
sister you know down to Seoul for the
Winter Games and you know the
cheerleading squad was praised by the
Today Show and NBC Nightly News and all
this stuff so I I just think that maybe
this is going to turnout and President
Trump made a good move here when it
comes to North Korea we also have Elon
Musk so first we had Kanye and now it
looks like could Elon Musk potentially
be coming to the dark side
Candace Owens was really excited about
his announcement that he wants to start
a website that would potentially monitor
the media and deal with fake news and
Prejudice what's interesting about this
is I wonder if this decision is helping
his stock price and also
sales price because hey isn't any earned
media for a company like Tesla good
media and data shows actually that he
has seen a bump in sales since his name
has continued to be in the media so much
I think that people that are excited
about Elon saying that he's gonna
monitor the media need to remember I
don't think he's really that
conservative of a guy guys I mean he's
gotten tons of subsidies he's buddy
buddies with the Obamas even though he
went and participated in a meeting with
Donald Trump you know with those other
tech leaders right after Trump was
inaugurated he hasn't really done
anything to demonstrate that he's a
small government you know First
Amendment loving guy so it'll be
interesting to see if he does indeed do
this website the media has really been
lambasted him so it's kind of fun to see
their battle back and forth but just if
just because you were lean on the right
don't expect that he's also gonna be a
right thinker just because he's unhappy
with the media right now
so let's see if we have any bachelor
stories right now because I really want
to get to some and I think it would be a
lot of fun oh hi John says it's good to
see me nice to see you too John so pre
says who in the world are you I told you
my name is Seeley chakra I love it so
much next week also I really want to
give Michael Knowles so knows his
bachelor party is this week next weekend
he is getting married and next Friday
for our live I think we need to give him
a little bit of marriage advice so this
next week send in your advice the social
media team and I will be mulling it all
over and pulling some of the best
tidbits and we'll be offering Michael
some marriage advice because I know that
he's watching right now from New York
I'm not getting any good bachelor party
stories so we need to get some in right
now Matt do you have any so one time I
heard about this guy that went to Vegas
and then his friend married a stripper
and then they woke up the next morning
in a really messy hotel room and one of
them was wearing a baby name the movie
okay so somebody said tell Michael to be
careful at his bachelor party I totally
agree and definitely they think that
he's gonna smoke way too many cigars I'm
sure there will be some illegal Cuban
cigars in there although are they not
eat illegal anymore somebody else says
Aloha from Hawaii be sure not to marry a
Kardashian don't don't worry sweet
little ELISA is a very smart anti
Kardashian type woman Michael knowles is
marrying up so that is not an issue at
all
somebody says that don't overdo it and
it's not that big of a deal
bill sorry I can't do dinner with you so
you need to tell me your story right now
I'm not going to do dinner with you
gonna happen anyway so I think that
people are saying be careful Vegas could
be lots of fun yes Bret got the hangover
reference I appreciate that I'm not the
only one that has seen it in our
audience anyway
send us your bachelor party stories or
bachelorette I mean ladies can get down
if anybody's seen coyote ugly I once
went to a bachelor party at a bar like
that in New York City and we're the only
chicks in the bar the rest of them were
these big burly like Harley Daniel
writing dudes that scared the crap out
of me and you were supposed to leave an
undergarment behind but all of us were
goody two-shoes and we did not good so I
don't really have any fun bachelorette
party stories but anyway thanks for
watching this edition of Friday live
it's been weird and fun and a crazy week
and I will see you all next week
