this this whole thing about me too is
actually like a a backup of stuff that
has been stuffed down because of the
need to defend Bill Clinton and his
errant wife and their silencing of women
their silencing of women who accused him
of rape of accusers and there was a cut
of Hillary Clinton being asked about
whether bill should have resigned it's
cut number 11 just play this from it in
retrospect do you think bill should have
resigned in the wake of the Monica
Lewinsky scan it wasn't an abuse of
power no no there are people who look at
the incidence of the 90s and they say a
President of the United States cannot
have a consensual relationship with an
intern the power imbalances to was an
adult but let me ask you this where's
the investigation of the current
incumbent against whom numerous
allegations have been made in which he
dismisses denies and ridicules so there
was an investigation and it as I believe
came out in the right place see this is
incredible ignorant that has been sold
to you your ignorance is being sold to
you by that that is not what the Monica
Lewinsky scandal was about the Monica
Lewinsky scandal was about Paula Jones
who was selected by Governor Bill
Clinton's you know state trooper who
would protect him and he would come and
follow Paula Jones and bring her up to
his hotel room whereupon bill would
chase her around with his pants off with
his pants open exposing himself to her
and she sued him for it because she
didn't want to be used by Bill Clinton
she sued him for it and he lied about it
if he hadn't lied about it
if he hadn't lied about what he did to
Paula Jones none of this would have
happened during the testimony he was
forced to testify about Monica Lewinsky
and not only does he lie about it under
oath he suborned perjury by causing her
to lie about it to submit a statement
about it that was untrue and causing all
his his the people around him lying to
them abusing his power by lying to them
so that they went and lied for him that
was what the scandal was about the
scandal was a
perjury it was not about whether he
could be he was a slimeball for using
his immense power to have an affair with
a twenty-something year old girl but
that's not what the scandal was the
scandal was the perjury and they just
are pushing that ignorance on you so you
forget what it's all about
