meanwhile President Trump has gotten
himself in into not a pickle out of a
pickle
I would suggest so I have always been
skeptical of the idea that there was
going to be a grand summit between the
Trump administration and the North
Korean dictatorship I have always been
deeply skeptical of this I was from the
beginning when people were shouting
Nobel Prize Nobel Prize I was saying for
what okay unless in North Korea wants to
actually give something up there's no
deal that's gonna get done here and
there's a far better shot that the
United States will make a bad move and
that the bad move will involve pulling
troops off the peninsula or scaling down
military drills or making some sort of
promise financially to Kim Jong hoon
which I do not support well president
Trump did the right thing so a few days
ago North Korea threatened a nuclear
showdown with the United States so this
was just a few a couple of days ago
North Korea according to Huffington Post
has escalated its war of words with the
u.s. repeating a threat on Thursday to
call off the plan
June 12th summit with President Donald
Trump warning that a nuclear showdown
could instead be on the table in a
statement published by North Korea's
official Korean Central News Agency the
North's Vice Minister of Public Affairs
Cho seung-hui blamed reckless remarks
made by top US officials as the reason
behind Pyongyang's second thoughts Cho
took aim at VP Mike Pence in particular
and called him a political dummy who
defended North Korea with his unbridled
and imprudent comments and impudent
comments rather pence had warned in a
Fox News interview that Pyongyang could
follow the Libya model if Kim jong-un
doesn't make a deal which was the deal
where Muammar Qaddafi met a brutal and
after his decision to denuclearize ok
North Korea has long expressed his
tastes in comparisons with Libya they
don't want to look like a weak country
they gave up their nuclear weaponry and
all the rest so they were ripping on my
pants and they were suggesting that they
were going to pull out of the June 12
summit and so Trump came out and he
wrote a letter and his letter basically
said fine stay home I don't care which
is exactly right that's exactly right
ok the United States is not the country
in trouble here the country in trouble
here is North Korea and let's face the
reality North Korea is in trouble
because they blew up their own nuclear
mountain it collapsed in on them weeks
ago they do not have a nuclear testing
site inside North Korea because they had
a physical problem with their nuclear
testing site it broke okay they broke
their own testing site which is an
amazing thing when President Trump was
just sitting there and then they're like
can we have some talks he's like
absolutely you can have some talks and
then in order to save face they're
making all sorts of noises about nuclear
war so president
this is where president Trump's have it
of being just a bloviating hammer of a
human being it really comes in handy so
here is what he wrote you have to love
this it's so good he writes dear mr.
chairman we greatly appreciate your time
patience and effort with respect to our
recent negotiations and discussions
relative to a summit long sought by both
parties which was scheduled to take
place on June 12 in Singapore we were
informed the meeting was requested by
North Korea but that to us is totally
irrelevant I was very much looking
forward to being there with you sadly
based on the tremendous anger and open
hostility displayed in your most recent
statement I feel it is inappropriate at
this time to have this long planned
meeting therefore please let this letter
serve to represent that the Singapore
summit for the good of both parties but
to the detriment of the world will not
take place you talk about your nuclear
capabilities but ours are so massive and
powerful that I pray to God they will
never have to be used okay that last
sentence is so Trump it's so Trump and
it's so great I mean it's like Donald
Trump rash at his genitals and his
nuclear capabilities and exactly the
same one they're so massive and powerful
I pray to God they will never have to be
it's so good the President of the United
States telling North Koreans guys like
let's be real here you're pretending
that this is a partnership of co-equals
then we're gonna sit down across the
table and we're gonna pretend like North
Korea is a real country and not a crazy
dictatorship where you imprison in a
gulag hundreds of thousands of people
and then test your crappy level nuclear
weapons like we're gonna pretend that
but let's be real we're massive we're
huge you might say and then he continues
I felt a wonderful dialogue was building
up between you and me and ultimately it
is only that dialogue that matters
someday I look very much forward to
meeting you in the meantime I want to
thank you for the release of the
hostages who are no home with their
families that was a beautiful gesture
and was very much appreciated which is
him reminding them you guys already made
concessions to me so hah hah hah hah hah
hah hah you idiots you let out the
hostages and now we're not gonna do a
meeting and I'm gonna laugh about how my
nuclear weapons are better than yours
again all of this is kind of hilarious
can't be real kind of funny does a
chance does it increase the chances of
nuclear war
no because the North Korean regime does
not want to get into nuclear war with
the United States we would turn his
palace into an ocean of glass in 30
seconds flat this is not happy
okay there's not gonna be a war between
North Korea in the United States because
kim jeong-hoon is not suicidal and all
of the concessions he was prepared to
make were not going to be made because
Donald Trump sweet-talked him
