have you noticed this I have actually
noticed this over the past nine months
Donald Trump has this weird ability to
predict the future or at least it seems
like he's predicting the future and it's
much more pronounced because all of his
opponents have a total lack of ability
to predict the future in fact all of
their predictions do not come true
they make these totally insane
predictions these we're certain it's
definitely gonna happen Trump can't win
99% sure no there's gonna and then none
of them come true and what Trump says
which we all say is crazy at the time
that seems to happen here's just a
little reminder from Nancy Pelosi
Democrats talk about this bill often in
very apocalyptic terms but isn't really
what's going on is that many people are
getting a very modest tax cut and some
people are getting a tax increase while
a lot of this is also going to business
but it's not the end of the world no it
is the end of this health care the
debate on health care is life death this
is Armageddon this is a very big deal no
this is Armageddon no this no let me do
it is the end of the world I don't want
to so that was Nancy Pelosi and okay so
now we've lived through it because the
trouble with predictions this happens in
political predictions and in sports
predictions is these guys they go on TV
Nancy Pelosi gets up there in front of
the cameras and they make their
predictions and then they don't come
true and then we keep listening to them
for some reason so we got you know Nancy
Pelosi says this is Armageddon and yet
we still listen to her we still believe
her we still give her the floor and it
isn't just Nancy Pelosi Paul Krugman
predicted that the markets would plunge
if Trump won the election what have you
said the markets are going to plunge
what happened
Trump won the election the markets rose
why don't we do we even handle this in
sports and sports they say this is no
this could never happen then it happens
and we keep listening to them in the
next day there's a Bloomberg headline
from 2016 the headline with Citigroup
says a Trump victory in November could
cause a global recession what happened
not only was there not a global
recession but the global economy rose in
fact the IMF gave credit to Donald Trump
for that jump in the global economy
