J is for jihad according to leftist
jihad is a much misunderstood concept in
the West due to Islamophobia many
bigoted Westerners have come to fear the
word jihad unnecessarily a proper
reading of the Koran reveals that jihad
is a spiritual struggle during which a
Muslim attempts to rise to a higher
plane of consciousness by slaughtering
unbelievers raping their women taking
over their civilizations and persecuting
and oppressing them until they're all
dead thus to oppose jihad is to thwart
the spiritual development of a religious
believer he wouldn't want to thwart
someone's spiritual development would
you of course not that would be wrong
there are over a hundred and fifty
verses concerning jihad in the Koran
almost all of them refer to waging war
against unbelievers but it's a metaphor
for spiritual struggle with a lot of
severed heads and dead bodies and
wailing women and so forth but only in a
metaphorical spiritual sense in short
jihad is a religious concept and
religion is sacred that's why it's
called religion if it weren't sacred it
would not be called religion but
something else like killing and raping
people then you would be able to oppose
it but as long as it's called religion
you must submit to being killed in rapes
that's in the Constitution and lest any
foul Jews or Christians go around
feeling superior to anybody just
remember the Bible has lots of ugly
things in it too like when Jesus went on
the Crusades and murdered gay people or
when the Jews conquered Canaan and then
became bigshot doctors and charged
everyone an arm and a leg just for a
lousy checkup so really when you think
about it it's Jews and Christians who
are the evil ones and Muslims who are
nice except for the whole jihad
slaughtering and raping people thing
which is very spiritual for the Muslim
for everyone else it's just being killed
and raped also known as jihad J is for
jihad I'm Andrew Klavan
with the Lefty's dictionary
