in this recent shooting at the Santa Fe
Texas the killer was on the honor roll
the killer was a football player
the killer was apparently just a regular
high school student there weren't a lot
of signs there we didn't fall through
the cracks of disciplinary programs as
far as we know and yet people demand no
more never again we need to do something
we need to prevent these from ever
happening again is there a chance that
this just was not preventable well yeah
definitely I mean there are certain
aspects where it could have been
prevented had there been the proper
school resource officers on campus being
able to defend it that's why you see the
kids calling we want to arm schools we
wanted like it's hard in schools but I
think fundamentally what the left is
proposing for like the for the shooting
that happened in my school would not
have stopped the the Texas shooting that
we see right now that's that's a really
good point it didn't didn't even occur
to me you're right if you have people
there who can physically stop these
shooting because once the shooters on
campus you're screwed unless you have
someone like the cliche is that only a
good guy with the gun can stop a bad guy
with the gun but it's true
no right and that's the only way you can
stop them yeah that's right just to call
it a cliche doesn't mean it isn't true
it's obviously it is obviously true
