this brings us to our favourite
contradiction I'll leave it here and
then we can take some questions you'll
very frequently hear people say
especially today they'll say this White
House I won't mention that the occupant
I won't mention the you know but they'll
say they really don't like him and
they'll say this guy he's an
authoritarian he's an oppressive person
he's just waiting to oppress the entire
country and that's why we should give
them all of our guns you just said there
what ya know there are awful people they
want to kill us and enslave us and but
that's why we should give them all of
our guns even before this most recent
presidential election you would hear
people say on the issue of police
brutality they would say the police are
bigots they're unfairly targeting
certain demographics this is awful
they're racist their oppressive their
brutalizing people that's why we should
give them all of our guns that's why the
police should be the only people to have
any guns
this doesn't make a lot of sense the
framers knew better they knew that
centralized government cannot be counted
on to protect Liberty they knew that an
unarmed citizenry would be ripe for
oppression and so they instituted checks
and balances we have checks and balances
between the three branches of government
in our country we have checks in in the
federal government we have checks and
balances between the the federal
government and the state government and
ultimately we have a check and a balance
between the people between the people of
this country and all of their
governments that's a really good thing
it served us very well for the entire
history of this country and I hope it
continues to serve us well in the future
