a note on Starbucks a man so there's
been a lot of talk in Starbucks there
was that black man who was arrested or
the cops were called on him because he
refused to purchase anything and sat in
a Starbucks for a long time and it was
all kind of a strange situation and now
a man in LA ca√±ada in California says
that he is a Hispanic man when he
received a cup of coffee with a racial
slur on it I'll just say it because you
need to hear this learn for the pun and
it's not it's sort of a silly slur is
the beaner is the name of the that was
on the cup so how do we know this only
his friend the man's friend has been
interviewed about this and the friend
doesn't speak in English so he's just
talking in Spanish and what he explained
though through translator is that
apparently the guy's name is Peter so he
said Peter but I don't know if the guy
can speak English his friend certainly
can't speak English so they said they
wrote down beaner to Peter right who
knows what happened I don't know what
happened it could have been three
options right it could have been an
honest mistake and like a pretty stupid
mistake but it could have been an honest
one never never underestimate the
stupidity of people when you encounter
them so it could have been an honest
mistake it could have been an insult
there could have been some hateful
racist employee who said I'm gonna show
this guy who doesn't possibly speak
English anyway but I'll show him I'll
get a kick out of it okay could have
been that or it could have been a hoax
it could have just been a hoax I hate to
there everyone's gonna call me a bigot
now for saying it could be a hoax we've
seen a ton of these hoaxes all over the
place
we've seen it on the issue of gay cakes
you remember there was like a gay guy
said that someone wrote a derogatory
slur on his cake that he bought in a
bakery they found that he wrote it
himself we've seen racial hoaxes around
the country we've seen a lot of these
sort of hoaxes I suppose it could have
been that the question you have to ask
yourself is what is the point here is
that is the allegation that Starbucks is
racist Starbucks which makes a point to
be as progressive on questions of race
as possible as Starbucks which is so
overwhelmingly pushing all of those
progressive narratives that really
secretly it's this Confederate holdout
that hates racial minorities is that
what they're saying
nobody believes that everybody is just
pretending it's a I kind of like it on
the left because it's a circular firing
squad they'll just keep killing each
other
rhetorically killing each other I don't
want that to be misinterpreted - now
that's gonna be the next boycott they're
gonna boycott the whole show
you know obnoxiously obtuse but the but
the question with Starbucks is what do
people really think nobody really
believes that Starbucks is racist on the
point of Starbucks I love Starbucks I
think it's just terrific
I love Starbucks I don't know it's
overpriced it's not overpriced Dunkin
Donuts is more expensive per ounce of
coffee than Starbucks Dunkin Donuts is
dirty Dunkin Donuts you know has that
awful fluorescent lighting most of the
people there don't speak English at the
ones that I've gone to they give you way
too much milk when you ask for just a
drop of milk
I go to my beautiful Starbucks it smells
great the baristas are smiling they have
silly purple hair and weird piercings I
don't care I find it sort of charming in
my barista I go in I can plug in my
computer I can sit I can use a clean
bathroom I can do work for hours and
hours I just have to buy a $2.00 cup of
coffee I get unlimited refills I love
Starbucks Starbucks has done more for
cities in this country and around the
world than any other organization in
history because it is the best public
bathroom in any any city in the history
of the world I love Starbucks the
lefties now don't like it because it's
allegedly racist conservatives don't
like it because it's so just obnoxiously
liberal I don't care it's a good company
it grew very big because it offered a
good product enough I will defend
Starbucks
