NPR is interviewing a guy listen to this
NPR's interviewing the guy who's flying
a kite with a swastika over the Israeli
border and it's on fire they're trying
to start fires in Israel right and it's
got a swastika on it
listen who was this guy on NPR that's
the Steven Inskeep okay listen to the
way he interviews this with his gentle
sympathetic voice and listen to what the
guy says in response he said it's
designed to float over the Israelis and
catch fire it was decorated with writing
claiming Jerusalem for Palestinians and
also with swastikas what does this thing
mean to you why do you put that on there
Moni ottoman gentlemen element hit love
the Jews go crazy for Hitler when they
see it the Israelis know that people are
flying kites with swastikas they know
this and they use it to discredit you to
say this shows you're bad people what do
you think about that I've been an
ethical manner and I got my neck done
and I met him this is actually once we
want them to know he says that we want
to burn them that is one of many views
we've heard in the last few days in Gaza
where at least 60 people were killed
yesterday in protests can you imagine if
that was a new Nazi in charlottesville
flying his swastika kite over a black
man's church or something like that you
know they did they might feel that you
don't like them yes we don't like them
we're trying to burn them they kill them
the Jews like Hitler we want to kill
them well you know that mean people may
think you're a bad person if you say
that yes we don't care this is what we
you know what are they talking about
it is leftism leftism has corrupted
their head
