what do you want all right thank you all
for coming out it really means a lot to
the club into just the name of being a
proud member of democracy it means a lot
to us that we get to have open discourse
as such and it is with my honor that I
am able to present mr. Michel Noel's
best-selling author of reasons about
Democrat which consists of 200 empty
blank pages
I would also I would also like to take
this time to thank the Young Democrats
for coming up and wanting to engage in
this course we get a brown spot a round
of applause for the Democrats and for
the Model UN could you please remain
silent until asked to ask question thank
you thank you very much don't know don't
overpower us come on all right so
everyone if we can fill up the front
rows I'll be fantastic is with my honor
and respect to present to you Michael J
Knowles there will be a Q&A session
after speak thank you very much thank
you all for coming out it is really nice
to see all of you just to begin I have
to apologize if I sound a little
congested or stuffed up you might have
heard the president told his supporters
that we would get sick and tired of
winning this has little
the downside is that that has literally
happened to me I am literally sick and
tired but uh well troll persevere
nonetheless I am very very impressed
with MiraCosta high school I really have
to tell you I googled the high school
when I heard about this invitation and I
guess it's listed now in US News and
World Report as one of the best high
schools in the country it's a number 300
I think it's number five in California I
actually believe it now though because I
have to tell you I don't think that it
Harvard or Yale right now
speaker would be invited to defend the
Second Amendment and to defend gun
ownership but MiraCosta high school
clearly appreciates intellectual
diversity and different opinions so I
think that is really cool before we get
started on our topic tonight I do have
one very important question and I'd like
to pull the audience on is it Laurel or
yanny absolutely ridiculous that is rude
that's going to be the most contentious
point of the whole day it's obviously
Laurel
well alright maybe we'll get more to
that in the Q&A I suppose now we can get
on now that we've gotten past the
contentious topics like Laurel or Yanni
we can get on to a much less debatable
topic which is guns now I did notice
that this lecture is happening today
immediately following a lockdown drill
which seems a little coincidental
though I don't know I'm not calling it a
setup or anything but a difficult a more
difficult task perhaps to defend the
Second Amendment and the private right
of gun ownership when we see all of
these headlines in the news awful
shootings lockdown drills there seems to
be a great fear around the country of
politicians and activists talking about
it but I think that we can still do an
okay job of that a guns have been in the
news a lot recently obviously there was
that terrible shooting at Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School in February
and this is brought up a new round of
calls for gun control from the
mainstream media from at least half of
the politicians in the country from a
lot of activists they're saying never
again no more no more we have to ban
guns now and we'll analyze a few of
these points today of course we know
whenever something bad happens we say no
more never again but we know we live in
a fallen world it's an imperfect place
bad things will continue to happen
suffering will continue to happen we
want to be able to reduce those bad
things that happen and try to mitigate
them but the question is with would gun
control actually stop awful incidents
like that would they do anything to
prevent those terrible tragedies that we
see on television I don't think there's
a lot of evidence for that we can
analyze all of the evidence that there
is and a very frequently the shock of
events like that causes people to say we
have to do something we have to do
something but we want to make sure that
we're doing the right thing and what
we're doing something that will actually
solve a problem rather than just take
away people's rights right now in in
Chicago there is an art installation it
just went in as part of this gun control
movement which is it's like those city
bikes those bicycle racks that you see
in certain cities except it's
a ar-15s they're plugged into each of
them and the message of this art exhibit
is clear the message is that in the
United States of America it is easier to
get your hands on a gun than on a
bicycle and the trouble with that art
installation is it isn't true as
somebody who has purchased both guns and
bicycles in my life I can tell you
definitively it is much harder to get
your hands on a gun but but actually
I'll go further than that and this is
the heart of today's discussion because
in the United States of America actually
it should be much easier to get your
hands on a gun than on a bicycle this
sounds crazy this sounds radical but the
reason for this is clear there is no
constitutionally protected civil right
to ride a bicycle there is however a
constitutionally protected civil right
to keep and bear firearms now we know
that this is an individual right we hear
it in the Second Amendment a
well-regulated militia being necessary
to the security of a free State the
right of the people to keep and bear
Arms shall not be infringed this is the
second amendment in the Bill of Rights
the framers and the founders thought
that this was so important that it would
be number two it would be second most
important only to free speech freedom of
the press freedom of assembly right
after that is the right to guns why did
they think that these framers were not
stupid men we're talking about Thomas
Jefferson Benjamin Franklin James
Madison Alexander Hamilton these are
pretty smart fellows and they all
thought that this right was so so
important so why did they include it
well to begin they didn't just invent
the right out of whole cloth the the
Second Amendment doesn't read the right
the people shall have a right to keep
and bear arms in fact it says the right
of the people to keep and bear arms
shall not be infringed that this is an
important difference because what the
framers of the Constitution are saying
is that there is already a right to have
guns Americans have a right to have guns
and we are not going to infringe on it
as a government the United States
inherits this right from the English
Bill of Rights from 1689 but this comes
out of a tradition and a political
tradition in the West and in America now
the Second Amendment
reads the right of the people to keep
and bear arms this is also important
phrasing because it doesn't mean the
right of the government or the right of
the states some people especially gun
control supporters they want to pretend
that the Second Amendment only protects
the right of individual states to have
certain firearms and to regulate them or
of the United States as a whole of the
nation state to keep and bear arms but
the framers are very precise in their
wording and I'm very sensitive to this I
was very precise in the wording of my
book I you have to use words very very
carefully and the framers used the words
very very carefully
they said the right of the people
because in the Constitution different
rights are reserved for the states for
the federal government and for the
people we have a system of checks and
balances which we'll get into a little
bit more later but in the Second
Amendment easily could have read the
right of the states to have guns shelled
not be infringed or the right of the
federal government but this one is
reserved to the people and this makes
perfect sense because in order for the
Second Amendment to protect anything at
all it has to protect individuals rights
to own guns a lot of times you see in
the news or activists or politicians
they harp on that first part of the
second amendment the well-regulated
militia Clause and they say well it all
it does is protect the right of a
militia to have guns or your right to
have a militia and and this argument
fails it fails for a very simple
grammatical reason I listen you're at
one of the best high schools in the
country you seem like smart people you
can tell the difference in grammar
structures between a clause that is
operative and a clause that provides
justification those are the two clauses
the well-regulated militia
first part justifies the second
Amendment it explains why the Second
Amendment exists but the only part of
that Amendment that actually defines a
right is that second part the operative
Clause the right of the people to keep
and bear arms shall not be infringed
that is what operates the justification
gives a little explanation for that so
it says a
regulated militia being necessary to the
security of a free State that's one
explanation another explanation could be
they're really loud and they scare away
bad guys guns being really loud and
scaring away bad guys the right of the
people shoulde not be infringed but
frankly that first part could read
anything at all it could say pop-tarts
being delicious and nutritious the right
of the people to keep and bear Arms
shall not be infringed that second part
remains true regardless of what the
justification Clause says and the
wording seems a little weird to us
because we don't write like that anymore
we don't write our laws like that
anymore
but at the time of the ratification of
the Constitution this was a common
practice it was in state constitutions
all over the place a right would be
explained a little bit for future
generations like us but that wouldn't
limit entirely limit the scope of that
right the right remains as it is defined
but even if we grant this part even if
we talk about that militia part the gun
control argument still fails for a few
reasons
one of them is the definition of a
militia so unlike standing armies if you
enlist in the United States military
they will issue you a gun militias are a
little different than that in that
frequently in militias you bring your
own gun it's BYO G sometimes not all the
time but sometimes militias can be BYO G
so in order for the militia to be able
to constitute itself people need to have
a gun there are a few other definitions
of militia how do we know what the
framers thought a militia meant at the
time of the amendment well we know from
the laws of that time there was the
militia act of 1792 the militia act of
1792 defined the militia not as some
radical group of people not as state-run
entity the militia was defined as all
white men between the ages of 18 and 45
and I will point out life expectancy at
this time was 36 so that includes a lot
of people that includes approximately
nine years after most people died that's
a lot of people now of course in the
United States in the intervening couple
centuries we have expanded American
political rights to include many more
groups of people they've
and sended racial lines and sex lines
and so but today the militia wouldn't
only mean white men between certain ages
for one we live a lot longer too but we
get an idea of what the framers meant by
militia so now we know what the Second
Amendment protects it protects the
individual right of the people to keep
and bear arms now the question is why
does it matter and this is the question
you hear all the time if you're ever
debating gun rights with somebody you
see it on the news
you know those news shows where it's
just two Talking Heads screaming at one
another occasionally you can hear
someone make this out they say why do
you need an ar-15 to hunt deer why do
you need an ar-15 to hunt and the answer
is well the answer is actually you
probably shouldn't hunt deer with an
ar-15 because it isn't powerful enough
should use a more powerful gun but we'll
get back to the ar-15 later on the point
of the Second Amendment the Second
Amendment does not exist to hunt deer
the framers didn't just really hate deer
or something they weren't sitting around
they'd say okay
Madison we've got to protect free speech
and we got to kill all those deer I hate
them
I hate that this deer that is the Second
Amendment of the Constitution that's not
what it's for that's not what it's for
at all
the Second Amendment very simply is to
protect Liberty against tyranny that's
what it's for the Second Amendment is
not for hunting it's not for target
practice it's not to shoot tin cans in
your backyard it's not even to protect
yourself against muggings and burglary
guns can be used for all of those
purposes that can be very useful for all
of those purposes but primarily the
reason the framers enshrined the Second
Amendment is as a hedge against tyranny
the framers of the Constitution believed
that an armed citizenry would be able to
protect Liberty in the country and
without an armed citizenry it would be
very difficult to protect Liberty
because well we've seen this happen a
lot when various governments have taken
away the right of people to have guns
they can become more oppressive they can
become more tyrannical if a citizenry
has guns they can protect not only
themselves and their property and their
family they can
protect their cities they can help
protect their states they can help
protect their whole country against
threats both foreign and domestic we saw
this shortly after the founding of
America we beat the British we sent them
crying back home and then they came back
just a couple decades later and invaded
again but an armed citizenry can protect
against threats foreign and domestic and
we we know that the framers thought this
because they said this repeatedly George
Washington said a free people ought not
only to be armed
but disciplined the Washington also said
the Constitution should never be
construed to prevent the people of the
United States who are peaceable citizens
from keeping their own arms Jefferson
said this when he was drafting the
Virginia Constitution Jefferson said no
free man shall ever be debarred the use
of arms if only he could see our debates
of gun control today he would be
horrified and rolling over in his grave
but the framers were very clear on what
they thought at the most extreme end of
this this means that the Second
Amendment exists in case the United
States citizens have to take up arms
against a foreign invader or even
against their own government that's a
radical statement but the framers were
fairly radical people in certain ways
it's to protect even at that point to
take up arms against your own government
if push comes to shove if we absolutely
must as a last resort now it's funny
because when you're having the gun
control debate with somebody this is the
point at which their argument flips so
the argument first begins they say why
do you need an ar-15 to hunt deer it's
so so powerful nobody needs a gun that
powerful and then when you explain to
them the reason for the Second Amendment
they say that the ar-15 is not powerful
enough they say there's no way those
guns are powerful enough there's no way
that you could fight off your own
government you're crazy you say wait a
two seconds ago you were just saying
that the guns are too powerful so yeah
but that was then this is now the guns
aren't powerful enough so okay all right
let's indulge in this because they bring
up the zombie apocalypse scenario this
is the zombie apocalypse the United
States government which we all enjoy has
turned tyrannical you know there
going to they're gonna come around and
they're gonna go to house to house and
take all of our stuff and start
oppressing us now we should point out
this isn't totally unbelievable this
isn't it might be unlikely for now but
we've seen this happen in western
democracies very frequently even over
the last hundred years in just the last
hundred years
Western liberal democracies have turned
tyrannical multiple times in the 20th
century it happened in Germany it
happened in Italy it happened in France
it happened in Spain that is not a good
track record for unarmed citizens in
Western democracies so to say it could
never happen here is just ignoring the
historical record certainly it could
happen here we hope that it doesn't
happen here now the other part of this
argument is that there's no way the
American citizens armed with their
formerly powerful now not very powerful
guns there's no way that they could
fight off the government and I would
like to just point out a couple of
geographic and historical examples here
to begin the United States is absolutely
gigantic so it's a gigantic country so
first if the zombie apocalypse happened
there's a fair chance that certain
Americans would defect from their newly
tyrannical government and would help out
the people servicemen and police that
sort of thing even so just consider the
case of the war in Afghanistan
Afghanistan is roughly the size of Texas
it's roughly the size of one US state we
have been at war in Afghanistan we have
brought the full night the United States
military as well as our coalition of
allies to fight in Afghanistan and we
have not successfully been able to
maintain order in that area for 16 years
Afghanistan is just a few months away
from being the longest war in the
history of the United States and we have
not been able to successfully occupy a
country the size of Texas so if the
zombie apocalypse happened and the
United States turned to radical I think
we'd be ok because that country is 150th
the size of the United States as a
matter of the states the country is much
much larger than that now of course it
probably won't get to this point it's
unlikely I would agree with that
I think the framers
agree with that but it's not unlikely
because things could never get this bad
the reason that it's unlikely is because
we have an armed citizenry the very fact
of an armed citizenry is a good
indication that politics is not going to
devolve and get truly horrific because
whatever those would-be tyrants those
would be authoritarian say I think I'm
gonna start oppressing people today they
look around they say oh there are 300
million guns in this country more guns
than people maybe I better hold off that
that's a good indication those are just
the facts of the Second Amendment those
are just the observable facts why it was
written what it means what it protects
now some people still want to get rid of
gun rights that's a fair point
that's they're perfectly entitled to
that opinion they can admit the Second
Amendment is there it protects the
individual right to keep and bear arms
the reason it's there is to protect
Liberty from tyranny I don't care I
don't want any part of that get rid of
the Second Amendment gut it amend it
repeal it
I want gun control okay that's fine
fortunately our framers were so
thoughtful they had such foresight that
they realized that people might want to
amend their constitution over time so
they included an amendment process to
the Constitution Article five of the
Constitution makes very clear how people
can get rid of their rights if they want
to get rid of their rights or they can
add new rights if they want to add new
rights what this doesn't mean is that
people can just start passing gun
control laws those those laws can be
quite unconstitutional they can't just
go around and pass a law and say we're
gonna confiscate everybody's guns and
we're gonna confiscate this gun or that
gun that would be unconstitutional but
they are perfectly entitled to go around
and convince their fellow citizens that
they want to get rid of their gun rights
and they can repeal that amendment that
is perfectly fine except I wouldn't do
that I would recommend if somebody
wanted to repeal the Second Amendment
probably not a good idea
I think the benefits of gun ownership in
the United States public gun ownership
far outweigh the costs of gun ownership
even big guns even scary guns even guns
like the much maligned and dreaded ar-15
I told you we would get back to the
ar-15 we're back at the ar-15 the
ar-15 is all over the news it is
constantly pushed on the news it's
pushed as the worst weapon in the entire
world
by gun control advocates they say we
just have to get rid of the ar-15 you
hear this at rallies people are talking
about this all the time I think the
reason they do this is because the ar-15
is scary-looking and what they say is
the ar-15 is an assault rifle
we don't need assault rifles the air 15
is an assault rifle the trouble with
this is that the ar-15 is not an assault
rifle the people I think they are able
to convince people that it's an assault
rifle because it has AR and people think
that stands for assault rifle it doesn't
stand for assault rifle a R stands for
Armalite rifle that's the name of the
company that manufactured the ar-15 so
it doesn't mean an assault rifle when
people are talking about an assault
rifle they're talking about a gun that's
fully automatic you pull the trigger
once and a spray of bullets comes out
and like a machine gun and I think maybe
it would be a good idea to limit the
exposure to those kind of guns good
thing is we did ban those guns 84 years
ago machine guns have broadly been
banned for public use for 84 years good
thing I mean control advocates can be
very happy about that but the ar-15 is
not an assault rifle it's not a machine
gun you don't just pull the trigger once
in a spray of bullets comes out the
ar-15 is in many ways just like a
regular hunting rifle you have the gun
you pull the trigger once one bullet
comes out you can take a hunting rifle
same thing by the mainstream media and
gun control activists they focus on the
ar-15 because it's scary also because it
has been used in very public incidents
very widely reported shooting incidents
in recent times and I think finally
because the ar-15 is so popular it's one
of the most popular guns in America and
so gun control advocates say if we can
ban the ar-15 we'll take a huge dent out
of the gun market in America but the
ar-15 is actually used in relatively few
shootings each year so it doesn't make a
whole lot of sense if you want to reduce
the prevalence of guns in the country or
the prevalence of crimes involving guns
it doesn't really make sense to ban the
ar-15 in fact according
FBI data from 2011 the number of people
who were killed that year and each year
from rifles of any kind not just the
ar-15 but the ar-15 hunting rifles
different caliber rifles all of those
people are 323 a relatively small number
of people killed each year to put that
in context five times as many people are
killed each year using knives so are we
going to have knife control are we going
to start instituting assault knife bans
no more knives the federal government's
going to storm into your kitchen take
your butter knives because statistically
that's much much more dangerous than an
ar-15 we know that one and a half times
as many people are killed each year with
baseball bats and hammers how about
baseball bat control should we go in
there the time is now we need to ban
baseball bats there's not even a
constitutional right to keep and bear
baseball bats you could get rid of those
in two seconds but be very easy to put
this in context more than twice as many
people are killed each year by hands and
fists and feet' as are killed by rifles
of any kind including the ar-15 and I
have long said this is a lethal weapon
this should be registered with the
federal government I don't I'm not
exactly a hulking adonis of a man maybe
this one wouldn't be but fists are very
dangerous fists are very very dangerous
should we have fist control in this
country I don't maybe that's some it
worth considering knives hammers bats
fists those all kill more people each
year than the dreaded ar-15 the really
strange part with gun control activists
focusing on a rifle such as the ar-15 is
that far and away the more many many
many more people are killed each year by
handguns than with ar-15s over 19 times
as many people are killed each year with
handguns as with ar-15s what why is this
why are they focusing why does it seem
that the gun control argument always
distracts it always focuses on something
that isn't quite true or as misleading
from the actual heart of these issues
it's because the ar-15 looks scary and
it looks
terrifying you when you explain these
facts to gun control activists you
usually get the same response but we
have to do something we and this is this
argument is actually pretty compelling
they say what do you want to do you want
to do nothing you just want to sit there
and do nothing you want more people to
die you want students to die you want
all of the you you want to do nothing
but I want to do something so I'm good
in your bed
that's basically how the argument goes
nobody wants to do nothing but we don't
want to do something if doing something
is doing nothing other than taking away
our rights we don't want to do something
that won't solve the problem we don't
want to do something that not only won't
solve the problem but will actually take
away people's constitutional civil
rights and make other crimes perhaps
worse there is a an interesting fact of
gun control they see we need one more
law we need just this law just this new
law this new law we have something on
the order of 20,000 gun control laws on
the books already it's not that we don't
have any gun control in the United
States we have something on the order of
20,000 it's actually hard to count how
many we have because we have a federal
system so different cities different
states different the federal government
has these different different laws but
there's very good news here despite the
media coverage mass and school shootings
are way way down in recent years more
children are killed by swimming pools
and bicycles than by mass shootings over
the past 25 years ten students per year
are killed by guns in schools that's out
of a country that has 56 million
students nationwide children killed in
school shootings are down 75 percent
since the 1990s
there is no epidemic going on actually
all of the statistics all of the news is
moving in the right direction that's a
very good thing there is no evidence
that the enactment or repeal of gun
control laws has had any effect on that
during that time this doesn't mean we
shouldn't do anything we could allow
teachers to exercise their
constitutional rights we could arm
schools we could have new mental health
policies which would probably be the
most effective one thing we shouldn't do
is infringe on the Second Amendment as a
matter of public safety there is no
evidence that's it the gun control saves
lives on the contrary there's a
surely some evidence that other crimes
in crease we know that this country has
more guns than people even the countries
that have instituted mass gun
confiscation have failed where tried we
in Australia there is no evidence that
mass confiscation first of all it didn't
work because only a fifth to a third of
the people actually gave away their guns
so most everybody kept their guns anyway
there's no evidence that this had any
effect on homicide or on suicide same
thing in South Korea and Japan we also
know that 2/3 of all gun deaths each
year are suicides mostly committed by
middle-aged men and we know that gun
confiscation policies has not been shown
to have any effect on reducing the
suicide rate as a matter of
constitutional law the framers are clear
as a matter of history we see what
happens when countries take away the
right to keep and bear arms and this
brings us to our favourite contradiction
I'll leave it here and then we can take
some questions you'll very frequently
hear people say especially today they'll
say this White House I won't mention
that the occupant I won't mention them
you know but they'll say they really
don't like him and they'll say this guy
he's an authoritarian he's an oppressive
person he's just waiting to oppress the
entire country and that's why we should
give them all of our guns
you just said they're what ya know there
are awful people they want to kill us
and enslave us and but that's why we
should give them all of our guns even
before this most recent presidential
election you would hear people say on
the issue of police brutality they would
say the police are bigots they're
unfairly targeting certain demographics
this is awful they're racist their
oppressive their brutalizing people
that's why we should give them all of
our guns that's why the police should be
the only people to have any guns
this doesn't make a lot of sense the
framers knew better they knew that
centralized government cannot be counted
on to protect Liberty they knew that an
unarmed citizenry would be ripe for
oppression and so they instituted checks
and balances we have checks and balances
between the three branches of government
in our country we have checks in the
federal government we have checks and
balances between the the federal
government and the state government and
ultimately we have a check and a balance
between the people between the people of
this country
and all of their governments that's a
really good thing it served us very well
for the entire history of this country
and I hope it continues to serve us well
in the future I know we're running late
on time so let's open it up to questions
all right here's our first question we
might go into next the passing period
but if you want to say you're more than
welcome to so long as the administration
doesn't get mad at me yeah hi I'm I'm
like so I I really liked a lot of the
stuff you were saying actually because
as a Democrat I do have a lot of
opinions and ideas on gun legislation in
general and I know that the media and
mass news does often place it to the
extreme but one thing that I'm just
little confused about is you were saying
that the Second Amendment to put
limitations on it would require an
amendment process but I know that there
are limitations on the First Amendment
that we have that don't go through that
same amount of process furthermore I
know that people like me on the Left
don't necessarily want to completely
eradicate the Second Amendment but the
types of legislation and restrictions
that we want to place on it would keep
guns out of the hands of certain people
and from what I've been hearing of you
saying there haven't been many concrete
solutions on taking away guns from the
hands of people that should not be
having these guns and from the areas
that I've been researching and looking
into these people are able to gain the
access these guns rather easily so I'm
not sure how Ellis you want to combat
that without proper legislation laws
yeah that is an excellent question I
will point out to your question that
none of the major gun control laws that
have been proposed in recent years in
response to recent shootings would have
prevented any of those shootings even
PolitiFact which is a left-leaning
website has admitted that that is true
so the question always is what solution
does one propose you're absolutely right
it's these these rights are not utterly
absolute there are some reasonable
limitations on freedom of speech at
various times and there are some
reasonable limitations on the Second
Amendment as well but I think of many
people in the Democratic Party in
particular are trying to place
unreasonable restrictions on the Second
Amendment we saw this in the recent
presidential campaign the Democratic
nominee
campaigned and said that the decision in
DC versus Heller the decision which
upheld the individual right to keep and
bear arms that was terrible we've got to
get rid of that so if one is talking
about a reasonable restriction on guns
say that we're going to limit the access
to a machine gun or to the tommy gun
that's perfectly fine but if one wants
to put the restriction on the Second
Amendment that we want to take away the
individual right to that gun which is
what Hillary Clinton said that seems to
me not just a restriction on the
Amendment but to gut the amendment
entirely in years past because you're
very reasonable in years past there were
many more reasonable people on this
issue on both sides of the aisle this
was not a terribly partisan issue in
recent years as the Democratic Party has
moved further to the left you're seeing
more outward calls for the utter repeal
of the Second Amendment the gutting of
the individual right to keep and bear
arms that is not reasonable that that
goes to the heart of it and there is a
there is a constitutional way to do that
but I think that that party would have
difficulty convincing their countrymen
to do it and to pass that amendment
which is why they try to skirt the issue
with laws and with judicial rulings in
the interest of time we need to we can't
have follow-up set up I'm sorry it's
running late so you can tweet me and
then I'll answer follow-up that way if
you have questions still then get in
line hi I'm Tommy so in your words you
say that the Second Amendment protects
Liberty against tyranny so if you're
sort of a if you sort of support like a
living interpretation of the
Constitution which I know you don't then
is the Constitution does it get up on a
tiny legs and start dancing around is it
really alive or is it a dead piece of
paper with words on it well I just I
just mean depending
depending on if you're a constitutional
original list or not you could interpret
it different ways if you're a judge but
so anyway you're saying there's an
implied power against coercion from the
government but then you're also saying
that the operative clause is totally
concrete but so I support a theoretical
implied power against coercion from the
federal government but in my view there
would be more sensible ways and measures
of doing that so for instance you could
have limits on police weaponry like no
armored vehicles and stuff like that
caps on prison populations a whole set
of measures to prevent government
coercion you could also let's say
prevent security for office holders from
being too strict and in that way you
could have this imply to freedom from
coercion and you could go about that's a
that is a good point and this gets to
the heart of the Second Amendment
because you say a good way of ensuring
Liberty against tyranny is to ask the
federal government very nicely to limit
their own powers I think that's the
implication here we're the police
they'll just limit the kind of weapons
that they have and the security for our
politicians they'll just kind of limit
themselves and don't worry trust us we
would never take away your Liberty but
that does not have a very good
enforcement mechanism and we've seen
historically in countries like Italy
Germany France Spain that when we trust
the government to protect our liberties
our liberties don't get protected in
fact the entire purpose of the Second
Amendment is to make sure that
ultimately as a last resort we don't
need to trust the law enforcement or the
political class or our government itself
to protect our Liberty because
ultimately as a last resort we can
protect it ourselves
um hi I'm Josh and first of all can we
both agree on that like that ar-15 is
for sure like deadlier than most pistols
and Glocks on the contrary pistols and
Glocks kill many many multiples more
people per year they kill over 19 times
as many people per year as rifles of any
kind including the ar-15 but you could
say the same thing with like nukes right
don't kill it nukes do not kill anybody
prettier zero people per year are killed
by nuclear weapons exactly but they're
weighed that there is what I'm trying to
say that I thought nuke where'd it go
off or someone were to use them Lauren
they're more readily available that you
just wouldn't for sure it killed more
people I'd actually don't accept that
premise handguns are much deadlier it's
a reason why you have there's a higher
age limit to purchase handguns than to
purchase rifles rifles are unwieldly
they are kind of big you can't conceal
them easily with handguns you can easily
conceal them it's why they're used in so
much gang crime it's why they kill so
many more people per year they're much
easier to have to hide to shoot from to
get rid of I I don't really accept that
premise the ar-15 looks much scarier but
in reality it is significantly less
lethal than other types of weapons on
the market um like my main question I
was gonna ask so your equation basically
is saying that the more on the people
are more like the less acceptable and
better like they are to resist in
government tyranny why can't we just
give the people nukes or whatever
mission weapons they want and and turn
like a life time of government free be
like like a tyrant free government
what's the moral line in the sand enjoy
that is a good question but I think
you've stated a little differently the
point that I'm making I'm saying that a
reasonably armed citizenry is a hedge
against tyranny I'm not saying that
there is a direct variation between how
armed the citizenry is and how much
their Liberty can be protected so if we
gave nuclear weapons to everybody we
made everybody into like a little rocket
man over there in North Korea that we
would have a much safer country I don't
think that's the case
this is why they're there can
reasonable restrictions on certain
rights but to say that everybody has the
right to common arms as the Constitution
as the Second Amendment is regularly
interpreted to mean is is a hedge
against tyranny to say that also you
can't have nuclear weapons I don't think
that that significantly imperils the
United States because of course in the
doomsday scenario in the zombie
apocalypse the question is would the
government drop a nuclear weapon and
oppress its people
I think that's unlikely I think we've
seen in the in the history of wars in
the United States and in the history of
insurrections in other countries and
totalitarian governments that's not
quite what happens we have to be
reasonable here and not take things to
other extremes because politics exists
in reality hi thank you for coming to
speak to us today first of all um the
thing that has to be addressed though
that was not mentioned is that the
Republican answer to these shootings to
these chickens like while they may be
small should not be happening regardless
has been things like measures arming
teachers with baseball bats or arming
students with river rocks we had a
Pennsylvanian governor's say those kids
can show throw river rocks pretty damn
fast how is this seen as a reasonable
measure to stop these mass shootings and
the alternative to that is not
convincing based on your argument well I
think I think you might be understating
the Republican solution to this because
if we're talking about solutions there
actually has been a solution over the
past 25 or so years we know that over
the past 25 or so years mass shootings
and school shootings have declined
precipitously they've declined 75% so
whatever we're doing it seems to be
working what were some of the policies
that led to that well a strong more
robust policing helped help that and a
law-and-order a reformed criminal
justice reform and locking up more
criminals there was a famous headline in
the New York Times it said crime rate
decreases
despite prison population filling so
they despite maybe those two have
something to do with one another
so that's one answer and of course the
Republicans have proposed
allowing teachers who have concealed
carry permits to carry weapons this
doesn't seem like such a bad idea when a
would-be killer sees a sign that says
gun-free zone they see in a ripe target
if you don't know who has a gun you're
much less likely to be reckless in
violence the Republicans have proposed
arming guards at schools doesn't seem
like a bad idea
and of course mental health reform this
is key in the United States it is
virtually impossible to involuntarily
commit somebody and that has been the
case for decades now and so you have a
mentally unstable people on the street
and able to access certain weapons
obviously in a country with 300 million
guns there has been no serious proposal
from Democrats to a report in that
mental health system it's very hard to
say we want to be able to lock someone
up against their will I think that's why
there hasn't been a lot of political
will for that to be done but to say
there's no solution as misleading the
last 25 years have been a wonderful
slate of solutions and it's a very good
thing that shooting mass shootings have
decreased by so so much in that time so
first off I would like to thank you for
being but one of the first things that
you discussed was that if we look at the
evidence of the effectiveness of gun
control that gun control is just not
effective at all and like I'm just
wondering since the bill passed in 1996
a budget bill that contained the
amendment the Dickey amendment which
basically restricted the CDC's ability
to study gun control stating that the
study is conducted cannot support gun
control so I was wondering if you
support the amendment and I am like why
absolutely I don't think that the CDC
the Center for Disease Control should be
investigating our constitutional rights
I don't think our constitutionally
protected civil rights are a disease
quite the opposite I think they're a
very good thing this gets to a facet of
the left that is I think central to the
leftist premise which is they want to
study everything as a scientific
question as a material question but of
course our rights are not scientific or
material our rights are philosophical we
have natural rights from the natural law
and so I don't think we should study
that as a disease now there is a very
good thing which is as I mentioned
previously mass gun shootings have
decreased precipitously in the last 25
years
during that time we've enacted certain
massive gun control legislation the
assault weapons ban even though there
aren't really any such thing as assault
weapons but they use the term assault
weapons ban of 1994 a decade later that
law was repealed that had utterly
negligible effects on gun violence in in
that period so while certain people
would like a bureaucratic entity to go
in and study it as a disease and say
this is what science says ban all your
guns and get rid of your constitutional
rights it isn't that easy and actually
all of the historical and philosophical
evidence seems to support the Second
Amendment and the individual right to
keep and bear arms thank you
to the Young Democrats once again
