the New York Times a former newspaper
has released a major new report on the
FBI's investigation into the Trump
campaign The Times report proves
conclusively that the investigation into
Russian collusion was not a witch hunt
but merely a search for warding knows
women and peaked black hats who fly on
broomsticks and may have colluded with
Russia
The Times says the FBI did not have a
spy within the Trump campaign but merely
an informant who secretly kept watch
over the campaign and then reported back
to the FBI in a non spying sort of way
further The Times reports that when FBI
agent Peter struck wanted an insurance
policy in case Trump got elected he was
not referring to the investigation but
rather to some other insurance policy
maybe fire insurance or something for
the car something like that finally The
Times reassured its readers that the
paper includes all the news that's fit
to print
if by news you mean blithering attempts
to keep from exposing the corruption of
the Obama administration and by fit to
print you mean not trigger warning I'm
Andrew Clavin and this is the Andrew
Clavin show
all right we have nadine strossen with
us today she was just reviewed and today
she was reviewed in the Wall Street
Journal that is what why the show is so
prescient it makes me want to go look up
the word pression and find out what what
it means and what I'm talking about no
she wrote this book hate why we should
resist it with free speech not
censorship she is not particularly a
conservative but she is a true friend of
free speech which makes her a true
friend of the show and it's a really
good interview she's really sharp and
you'll want to stay tuned for that will
stay on right we won't we won't break
away but you should subscribe anyway
because what's the point of us being
nice to you if you don't subscribe right
so if you subscribe you can watch the
whole thing here just like you can watch
it the whole thing today why not
subscribe but I said Y Z ten bucks okay
that much blue apron
look paper and delivers boo blue apron
delivers this wonderful food they
deliver the ingredients with a card that
tells you how to cook them and then you
give the card to your wife and your wife
cooks the ingredients and what they do
is they they make it may not may you may
be a little different in your house but
what they do is it makes restaurant
level meals at home so it really is nice
not only do you get to cook together or
in my case watch your wife cook while
drinking a glass of wine but you get
restaurant level meals in your own home
blue apron is the number one fresh
ingredient and recipe delivery service
in the country there's a two-person meal
plan a family meal plan a wine plan
which is good I haven't tried that yet
but I may have to and and it has someone
just you know the the meals change all
the time and they'll even listen to your
suggestions right now they've got pork
curry so tacos with radishes roasted
potatoes and cottage cheese which is not
something right it's not something you
usually eat at home you got to go out
for stuff like that salmon and spicy
orange salsa with Quin OA and carrot
salad white cheddar cheese burgers with
balsamic glazed onion and roasted
potatoes ever they really
really is good food and it's convenient
it's that it's flexible blue apron
offers 12 new recipes each week and
customers can pick two three or four
recipes based on what best fits their
schedule and it's very high-quality blue
apron sends only non GMO ingredients and
meat with no added hormones so check out
this week's menu and get your first
three meals for free now what do we have
to do to get you to try this right we
need you to check out our sponsors to
help us to help to keep the show on and
the food is free we give you free food
even my audience can understand this
right there go free wait the food it's
it's food is for you blue apron calm /
Andrew that's how you get it blue apron
dot-com / Andrew you get your first
three meals for free blue apron it is a
better way to cook you know there's this
new idea going around it's kind of the
where place I saw it was in this book
sapiens buy you've oliver re or whatever
his name is and huge book Bill Gates
loves this book and all this and he puts
forward but this is and now a meme going
around that what makes human beings
different is we tell these fictions that
lead us together and what does he mean
by fictions he means fictions that this
is that America is a country or fictions
that we have rights or fictions that
Jesus rose from the dead and what's
really interesting to me about that is
its complete misunderstanding it's
almost a Vulcan style misunderstanding
of what fiction is I've written fiction
all my life and fiction isn't an attempt
to describe truths that are immaterial
but because her ayah doesn't believe in
truths that are immaterial he can't
understand that fictions can be a way of
just communicating the truth you tell
stories about things that you can't just
say ideas are not fictions ideas are
ways of trying to describe immaterial
truths things that are true if an idea
is true it it in fact is what we call a
good idea and it makes things better for
humankind I mean science the scientific
method good idea
love your neighbor people or equal the
right to life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness we all share this and get it
from God not from government capitalism
good idea all things all those things
have made life so much better in the
last 300 years or so bad ideas are like
diseases bad ideas make you sick inside
they twist your brain they corrupt you
left ISM is a bad idea
leftism corrupts
absolute leftism corrupts absolutely and
we have seen this this week this is the
week that the media shamed itself and
they shamed itself because they hate
Donald Trump and they shamed itself
because they hate you and me and they
shame themselves cuz they hate Israel
and the West and leftism has corrupted
them and has corrupted them absolutely
and they have turned themselves
the irony is the kind of God's irony is
they have turned themselves into exactly
what Donald Trump says they are they are
now fake news this was the week of fake
news and I've really got to start with
this New York Times story unbelievable
story another set this up this is the
story they told about the today it was a
huge huge story about what they called
it code name crossfire hurricane which
comes Rolling Stones song code name
crossfire hurricane the secret origins
of the Trump investigation now to set
this up you have to understand why they
ran this the intelligence community has
been using the New York Times as a line
of defense all throughout this
investigation they've been leaking
stories to the New York Times before the
stories came out as Devin knew knew or
known as or now name or whatever his
name is Devin Nunez has heroically truly
heroically this is yeah I kid around
about abetted but he's actually doing a
great job he's on the House Intelligence
Committee
he has been extracting like dragging
these documents out of the the FBI and
the CIA and and the Justice Department
and and they keep sent him over redacted
poor Andy McCarthy over at NRO is
reading these things is like as eyes are
bleeding and they're all redacted for no
reason except to protect the Justice
Department they're not protecting
sources they're not they just are trying
to keep this information and you
remember rod Rosenstein right thing he
had this thing we're not gonna be
extorted you think like wait excuse me
this is congressional oversight it's not
extortion it is not extortion new new
new czar new knives or note no noise new
names whatever the hell he is he has
been dragging the stuff out and now on
top of this the Inspector General is
about to release his report on the
investigation into Hillary's emails and
the investigation into Trump's collusion
a Russian collusion and remember this is
the same gang of Keystone Cops that were
in
stating both things so we had one side
where Hillary Clinton was like come on
over Hillary now you don't have to take
an oath it's fine you know
you know is that who's that well that's
my friend well say it's your lawyer so
she has you know she has a lawyer-client
privilege and don't worry about it oh
and by the way we won't even take this
to the Justice Department just announce
auntie where the FBI will announce on TV
that you're innocent because you didn't
mean to do it
thanks for playing and we'll see you
later and then and then they went over
to investigate Donald Trump now so you
have to understand what's happening now
is new nose is getting this stuff out of
the FBI and it's coming out and the IG
report which is reportedly really bad
they're saying it's worse than everybody
thought that it really is going to take
the FBI to task so the FBI is leaking to
the New York Times and The New York
Times is spinning to protect the FBI
that is what they're doing so listen to
this now here's here's the other thing
remember the whole thing was to prove at
first the whole thing was to prove that
the steel dossier this collection of
Russian misinformation about Donald
Trump with the hookers you know
urinating on the bed and all this stuff
that that was not the reason they
started this camp this investigation
that was the whole point right
so then the next thing that the time
sold us that actually the FBI sources
talking to the time sold us and these
new york times dutifully recorded it was
the next thing they said was no no no it
was george papadapolis brag got drunk in
australia and bragged to the ambassador
that he knew that the russians had
Hillary emails and the ambassador called
the FBI and said listen there's the
Trump campaign must have something on
that was the next thing they had now
listen that was the next time they they
were trying to tell us how the
investigation got started now listen to
this okay this is the opening line of
this story codenamed crossfire hurricane
the secret origins of the Trump
investigation within hours of opening an
investigation into the Trump campaigns
ties to Russia in the summer of 2016
the FBI dispatched a pair of ages so
London on a mission so secretive that
all but a handful of officials were kept
in the dark their assignment which has
not been previously reported was to meet
the Australian ambassador who had
evidence that one of Donald J Trump's
advisers knew in advance about a Russian
Russian election meddling
after tense deliberations between
Washington and Canberra top Australian
officials broke with diplomatic protocol
and allowed the Ambassador Alexander
Downer to sit for an FBI interview to
describe his meeting with the campaign
advisor George papadopolis if you listen
to that carefully what you have to the
investigation had already started and
they didn't talk to him until August 2nd
and Nunez no names new new he says no
official intelligence was delivered to
the FBI prior to July 31st which means
so how did how did he know you know how
did downer the Ambassador know and get
these details right what really what
started this investigation what started
the investigation now here's the here's
the other thing and this is truly
amazing and listen to the way it's
written because all this this whole
thing is just to sell to sell the idea
that oh there wasn't a spy because now
they're saying there was a spy in the
trial campaign well there was there was
a spy so here's what they say the FBI
investigated for unidentified Trump
campaign aides in those early months
congressional investigators revealed in
February the four men were Michael Flynn
Paul Manafort Carter Paige and mr.
Papadopoulos current former and former
officials said the FBI obtained phone
records and other documents so remember
Trump said I was bugged remember he said
they obtained phone records and other
documents using National Security
Letters a secret type of subpoena
official said and at least one
government informant met several times
with mr. Page and mr. Papadopoulos
current and former officials said a
government informant met they had a spy
at the informant they had a spy in the
campaign you know this this isn't
amazing I mean just think about this
narrative for a minute okay cuz I know
these I know these conspiracy stories
these massive stories get so confusing
but just think about this somebody says
oh somebody in the campaign George
papadopolis a minor a in the campaign
says oh you know I hear that the
Russians have emails from Hillary
Clinton and the FBI which is just
cleared a woman who clearly broke the
law clearly mishandled classified
documents that
kind of the FBI launches a massive
massive investigation into the
opposition candidates presidential
campaign I mean this is truly Central
American tin-pot dictator stuff and this
is the Obama administration and way down
in the story like this is like paragraph
70 or something like this it says a year
and a half later no public evidence has
surfaced connecting mr. Trump's advisors
to the hacking or linking mr. Trump
himself to the Russian government's
disruptive efforts you know what else
they've never proved they've never
proven that the Russians accomplished
anything I mean this was you know we all
everybody saw the spies on both sides
mess with each other's elections but
this so far all they have gotten is this
rocky and bullwinkle Boris badenov
campaign on Facebook to try and put out
a couple of ads about you know helping
Donald Trump's campaign now today or
yesterday the Senate committee said yes
they were trying to help Trunks campaign
it wasn't a it wasn't you know evil on
both sides but they have never shown
they have never shown that this
accomplished anything so it didn't
accomplish anything maybe this guy saw
some emails maybe somebody told them
about this and they launched this
massive massive investigation and the
New York Times is now New York Times
which has been relentless in attacking
the US government when it tries to
defend us from our enemies Abu Ghraib
Pentagon Papers all these things that
they have been relentless in it with CIA
you know questioning of terrorists all
that stuff they've been incredibly
incredibly moralistic about now suddenly
they're defending it when the very
nature of our elections is threatened by
Barack Obama's administration
unbelievable tell you something else
that is unbelievable honey I have tried
this myself this is truly unbelievable
when you shop online do you suddenly
turn into one of those tab orders you
know you're loading dozens and dozens of
new tabs on your browser in search of a
promo code just one that works you're
afraid to close any of the tabs and fear
of missing out on a deal before you
crash your browser yet again try honey
honey is the free browser add-on that
over nine million people are using every
day to save money while they shop online
let me tell you about this I you know I
always tried
before I recommend them right because if
they don't work I tell him I'm not gonna
do the ad I put this thing on my
computer you can ask the girls down in
the ass thing I came in the next day I
was like dancing
it was saving me so much money I mean
this thing just goes what it does is it
searches for coupons first of all it
takes exactly three seconds yeah that's
all right a little exaggeration maybe
ten seconds to put on your your thing
and then you go on Amazon say and it
says oh you want to buy this
well actually we can get you another two
bucks off on that it's amazing have you
used it
oh it's in crest incredible two clicks
you can add honey to any browser for
free and shop like you normally do you
don't have to do anything honey scans
and tests millions of coupons in the
background and it check out honey
automatically applies the best coupon
Time magazine calls honey basically free
money and that's why I'm telling you
that's what it was like for me it was
just great then the day I tried it I
went back and I had to buy some stuff on
Amazon that had been sitting on my in my
you know shopping cart for weeks and I
forgot about it and so I thought I right
I'll try it on this bought it saved me
like it saved me like 10 bucks it was
amazing no I know it was really great
there is no reason not to add honey to
your browser today it's free it takes
two clicks to install and will save you
tons of money get honey for free at join
honey dot-com slash Andrew that's join
honey dot-com slash Andrew and you can
start saving with honey today join honey
calm slash Andrew please try it and
please let them know we sent you because
that will make them happy and this will
make you happy it really is great here
is the other thing do you remember
struck and page right the lovers and the
FBI right nurse texting back and forth
and they hate Donald Trump and they're
so happy when the investigation into
Hillary Clinton's emails ends and they
can start going after Trump because they
know they can't do anything about
Hillary because there's no way the
Justice Department is gonna indict her
so their their investigation is just a
waste of time they're just you know
pounding sand basically but now they're
going off to get Trump and remember he
wrote this letter and saying I want to
believe the path he's this is struck
writing to page he says I want to
believe the path you threw out for
consideration and Andy's office that
there's no way Trump gets elected but
I'm afraid we can't take that
it's like an insurance policy in the
unlikely event you die before you're 40
now what he's obviously saying is he's
obviously saying that like this Russian
investigation just in case he wins will
be able to mess up his administration by
investigating forever which is exactly
what they've done now listen to the New
York Times on this listen to them twist
this around mr. Trump says that message
revealed a secret FBI plan to respond to
his election will go to Phase two and
we'll get this guy he told The Wall
Street Journal this is the FBI we're
talking about and that is treason but
says the New York Times officials have
told the inspector general something
quite different
they said miss page and others advocated
a slower circumspect pace especially
because polls predicted mr. Trump's
defeat
they said that anything the FBI did
publicly would only give fodder to mr.
Trump's claims on the campaign trail
that the election was rigged so they
didn't want to get caught rigging the
election because then it might rig the
election against them mr. Strutt
countered that even if mr. Trump's
chances of victory were low like dying
before 40 the stakes were too high to
justify in it it's the same it's the
same damn thing he wanted an insurance
policy again and and even The Times
admits even The Times admits that they
were absolutely certain Trump was going
to lose and that is what powered them
that is what powered him and again these
are the people who take such pride in
exposing our security forces and our
spies and our warp secret war plans as
long as they're defending our enemies
when they're defending the Vietnamese
the Communists in Vietnam they can
release the Pentagon Papers when they're
defending the terrorists overseas they
can expose Abu Ghraib you know they can
expose secret you know CIA interrogation
techniques maybe went over the line not
to me but they may have gone over the
line as long as it's helping up but if
it's if it's an attack on the sake
sacredness of the Democrats right to own
our government then they're gonna cover
up for it then they're gonna cover up
for what could be a greater attack on
America than a sitting president and his
administration launching a major major
investigation into an opponent the
opposing party's campaign what could be
worse than that
understand it I do not understand how
the new the reporters at The New York
Times
look at themselves in the mirror
everyday and say oh yes I'm a journalist
I'm a journalist my job is to make sure
you think the right things my judge
something the fact that facts facts
right yeah that facts are great but but
my job is to make sure you that my
readers are doing right thinking you
know if you don't think this is powered
by hatred of Trump if you don't think
this is a pollution of leftism if this
is not leftism corrupting and absolute
leftism corrupting absolutely let me
give you just another example of this
thing that happened yesterday Donald
Trump was doing one of those things
where he sits and listens to people
right and he's listening to law
enforcement officials especially from
California where they've got all this
sanctuary cities right and the Fresno
County Sheriff Margaret Mims comes out
and she says look ms-13
now remember ms-13 they beat teenagers
to death with baseball bats that's who
these guys are they come from Central
America they're this gang that has come
over here and Trump has gone after them
as waging war against them but these
guys are savages they beat teenagers to
death with baseball bats that's who they
are okay
and so this poor Sheriff is saying with
the sanctuary city stuff we can't we
can't bust these guys and here's Trump's
response
I cannot tell ice about them we have
people coming into the country of trying
to come in we're stopping on a lot of
them but we're taking people out of the
country you wouldn't believe how bad
these people are these aren't people
these are animals and we're taking them
out of the country at a level and at a
rate that's never happened before and
because of the weak laws they come in
fast we get them we release them we get
them again we bring them out it's crazy
the dumbest laws as I said before the
dumbest laws on immigration in the world
so we're gonna take care of it we'll get
it done what what's he talking about
he's talking about Emma searching he's
talking about guys beat people to death
with baseball bats kids children to
death that's who he's talking about
animal he calls them animals virtually
every mainstream news agency tweeted
this out as if he were talking about
immigrants here's ABC they just took it
out of context they they tweeted out the
words and that quote without the
question from Margaret Mims ABC News
this is their tweet president Trump
refers to some who cross the border
illegally as animals not people you
wouldn't believe how bad these people
are CBS News these are people these are
animals President Trump used the harsh
rhetoric to describe some undocumented
immigrants during a California sanctuary
State round table NBC News did the same
thing c-span President Trump during
California sanctuary cities roundtable
these aren't people these are animals
New York Times Trump lush a former
newspaper Trump lashed out at
undocumented immigrants during a White
House meeting calling those trying to
breach the country's borders animals
right animals on this is unbelievable if
you don't think I mean this is what is
this is what leftism has turned these
people into and you know I got to play
this one other from NPR this is
reporting on the Israeli situation the
Israelis you know now that they've found
out now that Hama Hamas has confirmed
that 52 I think of the 60 people killed
were Hamas terrorists they just dropped
the story the story is over they're just
not reporting oh well in that case if we
can't condemn Israel and pretend that
they're killing children then forget the
whole thing
NPR is interviewing a guy listen to this
NPR's interviewing a guy who's flying a
kite with a swastika over the Israeli
border and it's on fire they're trying
to start fires in Israel right and it's
got a swastika on it listen who is this
guy on NPR this the Stephen Inskeep okay
listen to the way he interviews this
with his gentle sympathetic voice and
listen to what the guy says in response
he said it's designed to float over the
Israelis and catch fire it was decorated
with writing claiming Jerusalem for
Palestinians and also with swastikas
what does this thing mean to you why do
you put that on there Moni already been
gentlemen element hit love the Jews go
crazy for Hitler when they see it
the Israelis know that people are flying
kites with swastikas they know this and
they use it to discredit you too
this shows your bad people what do you
think about that I've been an ethical
manner and I got my neck done and I met
him this is actually what they want them
to know he says that we want to burn
them that is one of many views we've
heard in the last few days in Gaza where
at least 60 people were killed yesterday
in protests can you imagine if that was
a new Nazi in charlottesville flying his
swastika kite over a black man's church
or something like that you know there
did they might feel that you don't like
them yes we don't like them we're trying
to burn them they kill them the Jews
like Hitler we want to kill them well
you know that mean people may think
you're a bad person if you say that yes
we don't care this is what we you know
what are they talking about
it is leftism leftism has corrupted
their heads it corrupts people you know
Spike Lee speaking of charlottesville
Spike Lee is in can the film festival I
guess he made a film about
Charlottesville and he went off on Trump
and every other word is unprintable but
then he said this about America okay and
forgetting the stuffy's so he hates
Trump fine but then he goes off on
America and and this is what Spike Lee
says and it was defended on TV by some
of the commentators this is his view of
America this so-called real democracy
Istanbul United States America was built
upon the genocide of Native people and
slavery that is the fabric of the nine
states America as my Brooklyn brother
jay-z would say facts I'm gonna end with
this okay let's say you had a town a
town in which everybody beat his wife
every single person beat his wife and
one day in one house one guy said you
know what this is wrong I'm not gonna do
this anymore
I'm not gonna do this anymore so he
stopped stopped beating his wife and
then you had the kids going around in
this house this house was founded on
people beating their wives you say yeah
but this is the house where we stopped
everybody else was still doing it and
everybody else has done it everybody who
stopped learned it from us he talks
about genocide he talks about it found
liason genocide he talks about found
ours
being founded on slavery until us most
countries were founded on taking land
away from people native people until us
there was slavery everywhere until the
West came along genocide was a way of
life the West are the people who stopped
this stuff it was endemic to the human
condition and we are the people who
stopped it but left this just
concentrates always left ISM always
concentrates on the the bad things
because that is the only attack you can
make on freedom it's the only attack you
can make on capitalism freedom dignity
human dignity all the things that the
West is delivered to humankind with
America often in the lead not always but
often in the lead and because they hate
that and they find themselves hating
themselves basically they have become
incredibly twisted this is a week of
disgrace for the media the media has
dipped themselves in filth to get at not
just Donald Trump but you and me as well
hey you know the daily wire is where you
can get the real news is now on Apple
news so add us to your news channels and
you can get the latest stories as you're
walking around on your phone we will
just suddenly just you'll open your
phone and ben shapiro will leap out grab
you by the throat drag you into your
device and tell you everything you need
to know all right
we have nadine strossen coming up nadine
strossen is the author of the recently
published book hate why we should resist
it with free speech not censorship
nadine was the president of the american
civil liberties union from 1991 to 2008
i didn't get a chance to ask her what
has happened to the ACLU since then but
she really has a lot to say on free
speech and it is a terrific interview so
please listen
Nadine thank you so much for coming on I
appreciate it I'm so delighted to have
the opportunity to be here well this is
a young really happy I mean I'm happy
just to see a book with the title hate
why we should resist it with free speech
not censorship I'm all for resisting
hate and I'm all for free speech
especially let's let's talk I mean one
of the things I really like about the
book is how clearly it's written and how
and how you bring so many issues into
focus so let's let's try and do that
here I mean let's begin with the fact is
there in fact a legal definition of hate
speech is that something that exists in
law thank you so much for the compliment
and
you know well no but I will and now
enlighten your listeners your viewers
there is no such legal concept even
though we hear the word flung about
profligate Li in the public sphere by
politicians even by lawyers who should
know better and basically as you know
drew precisely because there is no legal
definition people use it as an epithet
to denounce whatever speech they hate or
find hateful and that covers a very wide
spectrum indeed so so is there any
speech that in fact the courts have
restricted on the basis of hatefulness
absolutely not with one caveat I think
the caveat is very small but to be
precise the mere fact that speech is
message or viewpoint is hateful is never
enough to justify censorship and I think
that's the point that you're stressing
we lawyers call that bedrock principle
of the First Amendment that's what the
Supreme Court has called it viewpoint
neutrality that government others who
wield power must remain neutral with
respect to the viewpoint idea message or
content of speech no matter how much we
may loathe it and fear it and believe it
to be possibly dangerous that is never a
justification for censoring right now
here's the caveat drew and that is that
even though hateful speech may never be
punished because of its message it along
with speech that conveys any other
message may be punished in particular
contexts if in the particular facts and
circumstances the speech directly causes
certain imminent serious harm which
can't be averted in any way other than
punishing the speech a good example
would be a true threat which is targeted
at somebody means to instill a fear that
the person is going to be subject to a
violent attack which is likely to happen
another good example is intentional
incitement of
imminent violence which is also likely
to occur imminently okay and and what
what about if I'm in a situation where
I'm actually in a fight already and I
then utter hate speech you know maybe a
racial slur while in that fight does
that make the crime worse or is that
excellent question I know what you're
getting at and that particular facts you
you throw out might not satisfy the
definition and this is the legal concept
of a so-called hate crime or bias crime
if you take something that's already a
crime in the example that you're using
is an assault presumably although maybe
it was self-defense I need to have four
facts but assume it were an assault if
you could if the government could show
that the crime victim was singled out
for a discriminatory reason such as race
religion and so forth then it could be
treated as a more serious crime
warranting a more serious offense but we
have to be very careful that just
because a racial epithet is uttered in
the course of a fight should not
automatically elevate it to a hate crime
okay great so now I want to talk about
some of the threats of free speech but
before I get to that I
I am under the impression that we are
living in a an actual Golden Age of free
speech that this court for a long time
has been very to use the now popular
word has been very robust in defending
free speech is that a fair assessment
that's really true that the United
States Supreme Court for all of its
division on so many constitutional law
and civil liberties issues and despite
its extremely broad ideological
diversity from Sotomayor and Ginsburg on
the Left to Alito and Gorsuch on the
right they are almost unanimous on all
of the important Supreme Court cases on
free speech and particularly on hate
speech if I may give you and your
audience and a very recent example drew
which I think they'll find interesting
one of the courts most recent decisions
which was issued at the end
it's last term in June unanimously
struck down a federal hate speech law
that was contained in the trademark and
trade name sections of the federal
statutes specifically that law barred
granting a federal trade name or
trademark protection to a term that
government inspectors deemed to be
disparaging or demeaning on the basis of
race ethnicity so you remembering the
case it was called matal versus Tim it
involved Simon Tim an Asian American
rock musician who had a band consisting
of other Asian American male rock
musicians and they named their band the
slants obviously that's traditionally a
derogatory term for Asian people of
Asian descent obviously that was not the
reason why song I'm in Tim and his
bandmates chose the name rather they
were seeking the opposite message
declaring their pride in their ethnicity
seeking to reclaim the term as many LGBT
rights activists have claimed reclaimed
formerly disparaging terms and in some
contexts still disparaging it depends
who says it right such as queer and Dyke
and and so what was interesting when the
Supreme Court you know nine to zero
struck down that law they were
respecting and enforcing not only robust
freedom of speech but also robust
equality rights that I Simon Tam should
have an equal right to express his pride
in his ethnic heritage regardless of
some government officials decision well
the majority of the public might view it
the wrong way
as disparaging so the book is called
hate why we should resist it with free
speech not censorship I've traveled to
universities there are many college kids
and nice presume they're professors who
feel that hate speech should be shouted
down or or barred what does it mean when
you say we should resist it with free
speech not censorship how do you resist
with free speech and and I thank you so
much for giving me the opportunity to
stress that message because the only
verb in the title my book is resist I
agree that we have much too much hateful
attitudes and discriminatory action and
those of us who are deeply committed to
human rights have a responsibility to do
what we can and advocate what our
government that our government does what
it can to check those problems
interestingly enough experienced in this
country and around the world shows that
nonsense oriole alternatives are far
more effective first of all something
that we in the United States may take
for granted but we should not because
many other countries that are comparable
in other ways do not sufficiently have
or enforce anti-discrimination laws laws
that make it illegal to actually
discriminate in matters such as
employment education housing voting and
so forth so let's start with the fact
that if somebody is actually engaging in
discrimination that is illegal and
perhaps even criminal and has to be
those anti-discrimination laws have to
be enforced we also talked about another
important example drew and that is when
somebody is targeted for a violent crime
or for that matter a property crime such
as vandalism of certain religious
institutions that has to be treated very
seriously and prosecuted in a number of
countries that vigorously enforce laws
against hate speech they're not so
effectively enforcing laws against
racist violence and if I may use a
historic example that will resonate with
with many people certainly with me as
the daughter of a Holocaust survivor who
you know almost died at the forced labor
camp in in Buchenwald Germany the rise
of Hitler in Nazi Germany many people
wrongly assume that oh if only there had
been an anti hate speech law that would
never happen the ho
cost could have been prevented not true
of the Vimal republic during which
Hitler and the Nazis rose to power had
very strict hate speech laws very
comparable to the laws that Germany
still strictly enforces and those laws
were repeatedly enforced including
against Nazis and in fact the leading
Jewish organization in Germany at the
time said the laws are by and large
being fairly enforced it's not as if
there are you know weak prosecutions and
the Nazis loved it by the way this is
one - one of the reasons why censorship
is not only ineffective but may even be
counterproductive like a lot of hate
mongers in this country they welcomed
the attention and the martyrdom and
sympathy that they gained from the
prosecutions and the failure was to
protect against actual violence because
the Nazis got away with actual murder
literally physical assaults and outright
assassinations of their political
opponents and critics and Jews and other
minorities beyond that we should raise
our voices in various ways to counter
hateful messages and that includes
proactively educating our society
starting at very young ages and values
of tolerance and mutual respect and
indecency and human equal human rights
it includes giving support to people and
groups who are disparaged by hateful
speech so they they know that the hate
mongers are only a small minority in
this society it includes refuting and
rebutting arguments against the
inequality of certain people advocacy of
legislation that will protect their
rights against discrimination
counter-protest organizing basically
these are the tools that we have used in
this country I believe the last person
to say we've arrived at liberty and
justice for all I spend full time trying
to inch us closer to those grand goals
but I would have to admit out of
early mature age that we are much much
much closer to those goals than when I
was born in 1950 and we're we're closer
only because of the exercise of non
censorial counter speech anti
discrimination and all the other
positive measures that I've laid out
that's a you know it's a so true I mean
political correctness itself which I
know is not a legal instrument but it's
still it makes hateful speech funny it
makes it naughty it makes it seem
rebellious and it just does the exact
opposite of what it's supposed to do
everything you shut down comes back more
powerfully what do you what do you see
now today as the biggest threat to free
speech I think that the biggest threat
to free speech today is what it has
always been and that is lack of public
understanding of free speech and
therefore lack of support for it which
is why I thank you so much for giving me
this opportunity to try to put out some
information
I am very enthusiastic about all of the
campus activism that we've been seeing
in the past few years in support of
human rights and I like to see the glass
half full as an activist I always do
that
and even though I'm distressed by
statistics that in surveys that indicate
that a substantial majority of college
students as you indicated drew with
support censoring hateful speech I know
that that comes from a very positive
very commendable motive on their their
part namely very strong support for and
respect for the equality and dignity of
their fellow students members of
minority groups and real compassion to
protect them from the slings and arrows
of hateful words but I don't want to
single out today's college students
because throughout my entire adult
lifetime every survey of every group in
our population has always showed a
distressing lack of knowledge of even
what the First Amendment is and when
people hear what it is that you
they say oh we should get rid of that
sounds dangerous in all seriousness I
think the the best way to sum up a very
prevalent attitude was in the title of a
book by a wonderful writer who died a
few years ago Nat Hentoff and it was
called freedom of speech for me but not
for thee how the left and right
relentlessly Center each other it's it's
true now I mean maybe this is my own
bias I'm perfectly willing to admit it I
met you know I'm conservative but it
does seem to me for instance when I look
online and I see Mark Zuckerberg posting
who's going to be labeled hate speech on
Facebook I see Twitter shadow banning
conservative voices I see Google drop it
becomes very hard to find conservative
sources on Google I mean do you see that
as a threat that that kind of went when
the when social media has become so big
so monopolistic do you see that as a
threat to speech or is that that them
exercising their free speech Oh
excellent very tough questions because
as a literal matter they are in fact as
the private sector entity and I suppose
you as a conservative would very much
applaud that fact and I certainly do too
as a civil libertarian that the private
sector individuals and companies that
are engaged in the communications field
have their own First Amendment free
speech rights and those include making
editorial type decisions about what
messages will be conveyed and which will
not be conveyed on the other hand if you
look at the actual real world power that
some of these companies have and you use
the word monopoly
we have antitrust laws to make sure that
those in the private sector do not wield
monopoly power that for all practical
purposes would be at least as
suppressive as government and I say at
least as because by all accounts
Facebook is engaging in more censorship
every wee
then all governments throughout history
around the world have been able to
engage in last time I saw a statistic
and it was a about half a year ago so
I'm sure the numbers have escalated
Facebook said that it was taking down
almost 300,000 hateful messages per
month and and and that gets to the
second part of you're very astute and
challenging question to you and that is
is it a problem in terms of are they
slanted towards taking down conservative
messages rather than other messages well
first and foremost they can exercise
their power any way they choose if they
chose to rampantly censor Democrats
Republicans african-americans women gay
people you name it they would have a
wide opportunity to do that now there
might be some anti-discrimination laws
that might kick in but certainly not on
the basis of ideology secondly however
those who have studied these patterns
and complained about it have complaints
all across the political spectrum there
is a group of almost 80 civil rights and
civil liberties organizations that for
years now have been complaining to
Facebook that it disproportionately
takes down as allegedly hateful speech
speech that's engaged in by black lives
matter activists people who are
protesting against police abuse and
other injustice in the criminal justice
system pipeline protesters some of these
critics actually call it race book
that's how disturbed they are so I think
there are wherever you fall on the
political spectrum you should be very
wary of this enormous power which so far
is not being checked by any antitrust
enforcement and cannot be and should not
be checked by the First Amendment itself
I have I have to stop you there I am out
of time Nadine a really interesting
conversation the book is hate why we
should resist it with free speech not
censorship any friend of free speech as
a friend of the show on the left or the
right it's really
stalking - and I appreciate it a delight
to be here thank you so much drew thank
you alright gotta get the stuff I like
we get that it was great it was great we
should get his name so we can give him a
credit for that alright you know we
talked about Tom Wolfe died this week
great American writer and I just want to
recommend if you have never read the
book the right stuff is a 1979 book on
the space program the beginnings of the
space program the mercury astronauts you
really should read it the movie is is
okay but the book is terrific and one of
the things about it and one of the
things that that wolf did that was so
great is he reinvigorated American
patriotism with a slight - not a slight
- with a major - of irony by being
ironic about American do you know how by
being ironic about the right stuff even
coining the phrase the right stuff he
reminded us of what it was that was
great about that time in America it was
the right stuff so even though we were
laughing and even though we were making
fun of you know Chuck Yeager the way
Chuck Yeager talked he has a wonderful
thing about how Chuck Yeager's calm
during emergencies informed the way that
airplane pilots speak today when you get
on the plane so this is your pilot
speaking we're gonna have a little bumpy
ride
that's all it kind of comes from Chuck
Yeager's cool while he was a test pilot
and he writes about how all of this
stuff in formed was was created by the
media you know that's a purposely
created by the media but also had a
reality especially in the person of John
Glenn John Glenn one of the great
Americans a great fighter pilot I
believe in the Korean War maybe he was
in the world war two as well I can't
remember but he was a great fighter
pilot and then became a great pilot and
then finally a great astronaut he was
known for the fact that his heartbeat
never sped up no matter what was
happening to him including when he had
to do things I don't only get too
graphic but he you know they had to do
some sexual things to test so they could
test their fluids and all this stuff and
he would just be completely calm during
the whole thing but my favorite one of
my favorite scenes of John Glenn in the
book is that
is that he's on top of this rocket right
yeah I'll read you the little portion of
John is on up on top of the rocket the
Atlas a squat brute this from Tom
Wolfe's the right stuff twice the
diameter of the redstone he's lying on
his back in the human holster of the
mercury capsule the count keeps dragging
on this hold after hold because of the
weather
the clouds are so heavy that will make
it impossible to monitor the launch
properly every day for five days Glenn
has psyched himself up for the big event
only to have a cancellation because of
the weather now he's been up there for
four hours four and a half hours five
hours he's been stuffed into the capsule
lying on his back for five hours he's
drained he makes his way back to hangar
s and they start taking the suit off and
unwire a man he's sitting there in the
ready room with just the outer covering
of the suit off and he still on the mesh
lining underneath NASA comes trooping a
delegation from NASA comes trooping in
to confront him with the following
message from on hi John we hate to
trouble you with this but we're having a
problem with your wife and he says my
wife yes she won't cooperate John
cooperate John perhaps you can give her
a call there's a phone hookup right
there now John Glenn's wife Annie had a
severe stutter a severe stutter and what
was happening was Lyndon Johnson the
vice president wanted to do a hit with
her on TV and he was trying to get in
and they wanted John Glenn to talk his
wife into letting her on TV and she was
terrified because she couldn't speak
well and this is the scene from the
movie in which Edie Harris doing with
one of his great performances many great
performances if this is one of his best
as John Glenn talks to his wife on the
phone about the vice president president
a little let him in with the network's
John it's coverage you know
it's important your heart once a lot huh
Annie
what's doing if you don't want the
vice-president or the TV networks or
anybody else to come into the house then
that's it as far as I'm concerned they
are not coming in and I will back you up
all the way a hundred percent on this
and you tell them that okay
I don't want Johnson or any the rest of
them to set as much as one toe inside
our house okay
you tell them that that astronaut John
Glenn told you to say that that is
America
Spike Lee you don't like it get the hell
out I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show the Clavin this weekend
begins survivors gather here on Monday
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena
hair and makeup is by Joshua alvera the
Andrew Clavin show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
