Jerusalem will be the capital of Israel
and I have said that before and I will
say it again Jerusalem will remain the
capital of Israel and it must remain
undivided
we will move the American Embassy to the
eternal capital of the Jewish people
Jerusalem
therefore I have determined that it is
time to officially recognize Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel while previous
presidents have made this a major
campaign promise they failed to deliver
could you could you spot the difference
but we have between all those guys
clinton promises and Bush promises Obama
promises they all promised then Trump
promises and actually doesn't it's not
like the mainstream media haven't heard
this before they just didn't believe it
because in the old days politicians
would just say certain things and we
knew they didn't really mean it never
and they knew that we knew that they
didn't really mean it but it's just kind
of political talk then Trump says he's
gonna do something and he does it and
everybody loses their minds so why are
the mainstream media so angry about this
then had an excellent piece on this up
today he's absolutely right it's because
Jerusalem is a pillar of the West what
this says is that Jerusalem is a pillar
of the West the West is made by
Jerusalem and Athens revelation and
Greek reason and they come together and
they form the West and what president
Trump's moving the embassy there has
said is the capital of Israel is
Jerusalem this is a pillar of the West
it's going to remain that way it's not
an eastern city it doesn't belong to
various Arab groups that want to claim
Jerusalem it belongs to Israel it
belongs to the West they can't handle
this the mainstream media despises
Israel they despise Israel because they
despise the West and they despise the
West because they despise themselves
this is an essential aspect of the left
