speaking of bias in the media John
Oliver did a full on defense of
Venezuelan Venezuelan social as an
independent as Wayland socialism so much
as he defended socialism from Venezuela
x' failures so here is John Oliver on
his show the other night trying to say
that Venezuela is not real socialism
real socialism is the countries that I
like and that aren't really socialist
Venezuela is not socialist because he's
he Venezuela lost because it was
mismanaged not because it's socialist
here's John Oliver making that idiotic
case but what is happening in Venezuela
it's not just extremely important it is
absolutely worth paying attention to
because this is not just a story about
socialism there are plenty of socialist
countries that look nothing like
Venezuela it's a story about epic
mismanagement so epic that a nation of
31 million people with the largest oil
reserves in the world have been forced
to resort to some pretty creative forms
of protest money according to John
Oliver there's apparently no connection
between a giant centralized government
including nationalization of resources
and government mismanagement none
incredible incredible you know people
will like to cite Norway in this context
well in Norway is a large nationalized
sector right and when they own large
pieces of stock in companies they allow
those companies to function like private
entities in the market in fact if they
don't meet certain profit margins then
they change that then they change the
the staff at those particular companies
so it's always funny how Democrats
people on the Left people like John
Oliver like to pick and choose among the
socialist countries they like the ones
they like happen not to be particularly
socialists the ones that are most
socialist including centralization of
resources and top-down government
centralization of management power those
are the ones that that they're just
failing cuz I mentioned management no
one understands why they were mismanaged
they just sort of were weird how that
works
if only socialism or really tried you
know really tried then things would go
well is there a socialism if it fails
it's only socialism if it succeeds
which means real socialism has never
been tried because real socialism has
never actually succeeded
