Michael why do people say I appeared
radical crazy because I had an American
flag displayed on my social media
profile photo I feel like that's a trend
I've been seeing anything pro America is
bad you're crazy you're an awful bigot
how dare you how dare you put that
hateful symbol of freedom and justice
and equality and prosperity and charity
how awful of you this is a real trip
it's the American vibe like the new
Confederate flag yes they at the
university of Irvine UC Irvine oh they
do lots of dumb stuff down there they do
a lot they voted in the student
government to ban the American flag
because it's not inclusive enough and
you might say well this is insane
America is the only country in the world
that it was ever founded to be inclusive
right to to be founded primarily as a
Creed in this new world that the
Europeans discovered and to bring in
people of all colors and races and but
all behind an American creed one that
believes in natural rights that come
from natural law that worships of God so
I think this gets to what GK Chesterton
wrote about in orthodoxy he said there
is a thought that stops thought and
that's the only thought that ought to be
stopped and that's what you're seeing
when people say the American flag is
awful
because when they when they oppose the
American flag when Colin Kaepernick gets
on a knee and protests against the
American flag he's under cutting his own
protest if you use the rights and the
freedoms given to you by America to
fight against America you're a house
divided against itself you're not making
any sense that's incoherent I don't
think people quite understand that you
can some people say will you support
free speech so I'm gonna use my free
speech to shout you down and shut you up
that is not a coherent statement you're
you can't use the right to undercut the
right itself you see this with people
and it's because they're not thinking
very clearly so on the left now you get
shout your abortion you get screaming
and yelling there's no civil discourse
and I the only way that I think we can
deal with these people to try to turn
that culture because there isn't this
cultural movement happening we have to
treat them like children because they
just don't understand they don't
understand what America stands
for they don't understand why what
they're saying is not coherent so I'm
not saying you need to punch them in the
face that's not what a good parent does
to her child or something you you treat
them like a child you have patience you
want them to grow up you want them to be
mature these little lefties and maybe
they'll come to realize that to protest
against the American flag is a senseless
and ridiculous act
