the great question of the day is whether
you hear Yanni
or Laurel for some reason the internet
went nuts yesterday over this recording
listen closely
yeah yeah yeah me yeah me now some
people listen to this and hear the word
Laurel and some crazy Dame's thinks
there's some other word in there that
doesn't even exist yeah no the trick is
that the word Laurel is recorded at a
low register that normal people like men
can hear and Yanni is recorded at the
same high register at which someone
might say honey could you please
remember to change the toilet paper when
it runs out which is completely
inaudible to one half of the human
species in other fun internet tests they
played a recording of Palestinians
saying death to America and some people
heard Islam as the religion of peace
they played audio of feminists
screeching masculinity is toxic and some
people heard we just want equal rights
and they played news of Donald Trump
being elected president and some people
heard the words in Russian clearly this
is a fascinating study of how the human
brain interprets sound as opposed to the
way Democrats do it
trigger warning I'm Andrew Clavin and
this is the Andrew Clavin show
we also sing Topsy the Zipit easing
all right it's mailbag day then you know
what that means that means your problems
have traveled through your we've
traveled through your life this far with
your problems after this you will travel
on without your problems because we will
solve them all and you know how you do
it you go on you've got to subscribe for
a lousy ten bucks a month you subscribe
you go on the daily wire page push the
podcast button push the Andrew Clavin
podcast push the mailbag and finally and
at last you are at that place not that
hard when you consider the fact that I'm
solving all your problems and the
answers are guaranteed 100% correct you
know I was talking now now one of these
days I'm just gonna give me a heart
attack it's gonna be well pitch forward
onto my computer all right uh you know I
was talking about that I was on vacation
I fell asleep at the wheel of my car
that's cuz I was away from my bowl and
branch sheets it's not that I sleep in
my bowl and branch sheets but I really
enjoy lying in them because I never
sleep anyway but I enjoy lying in them
because they just feel so good they look
good they are really they're really
different because they're made with such
high-quality material and yet they don't
cost what both what these kinds of
sheets would cost if you got them in a
store the right sheets can take your
sleep and your style to a next level and
with Boleyn branch that upgrade has
never been more affordable what makes
them unique is that each sheet is
crafted from a hundred percent organic
cotton and that means Bowl and branch
sheets not only feel incredible but also
looking amazing
and since Boleyn branch sells
exclusively online you don't pay the
expensive retail markup that's half the
price for twice the cop quality you will
love these sheets tribe for 30 nights
see for yourself if you're not impressed
return them for a full refund anyone who
sleeps on Boleyn branch sheets loves
them and I who never sleep but who lie
on them also love them that I mean it's
more important because you're awake you
can actually experience them go to
Boleyn branch calm today and you'll get
50 bucks off your first set of sheets
plus free shipping in the US when you
use the promo code Clavin you will be
lying there sleeping comfortably
murmuring in your sleep how do you spell
Clavin it's que la vie a n that's $50
off plus free us
right now at Boland branch calm spelled
Bo ll and branch calm promo code Clavin
bull and branch dot-com promo code
Clavin you get 50 bucks off the sheets
and they're already really well priced
you know they get better after you
Washington so it's is really nice they I
think it even even nicer I don't know
why that is so you know we talk a lot
about the fact that the left owns the
culture the left owns the culture in
this country they own the academy's they
own the Hollywood they own the news most
of the major news outlets but the people
are the culture and that means that this
culture war that we're fighting is a war
between a very small minority of people
who own outlets and us we the people
because we are the culture and you can
see it you know I do want to talk about
Tom wolf for a minute before we get to
all the other news Tom wolf died he was
88 I believe one of our great novelists
and one of the reasons he was and that
not just a great novels he was a great
writer he's a great man of letters I
think that's really important to put it
that way because he started out doing
journalism and he did this new
journalism was filled with slang and
call capital letters and exclamation
marks and but it was journalism and what
he realized along with Truman Capote and
Norman Mailer was he realized that we
when we live in this incredible media
world the truth has become our story it
used to be that you know the story about
the King you would never really hear the
story about the king so you told stories
about Kings but now our Kings are on TV
we see them every day
we our leaders are operating right in
front of us and within a year you find
out everything and so what they what
these guys realized was that reality had
become our new the new fiction and so
wolf wrote with that insight and also he
understood as Stephen King would
understand I think a little bit later
than he did he understood that our even
though he himself was a cultured man a
deeply culture deeply educated man he
understood that American culture is not
based on a homer it's not based on the
great classical literature it is based
on comic books and Popular's he realized
that the people were the culture he
realized that our culture
from this vibrant group of people not
all of whom are well-read not all of
whom are you know elites and he put that
language into what he wrote and he was a
conservative there is simply no getting
around this he he wrote you know Roger
Kimball was writing about this in the
Wall Street Journal today it's a really
good piece if he got a chance to look at
it but he understood you know he made
fun of the Liberals during the 60s who
would host parties for Black Panthers
who essentially wanted to kill them
you know it was like quote I think was
called Mao Mao and the flack captures or
something like this he made fun of the
modern art world one of my favorite
things he did was he talked about how
modern art was just theory and it was an
actual representation of real life and
he was very committed to the
representation of real life even when he
started writing novels he would go off
and research them just as he would
journalism because he wanted to write
novels in the tradition of Zola and
Dickens with the kind of journalistic
Flair and and while like all artists he
criticized our culture because artists
do that they find the things that are
about human beings that are wrong he
didn't attack our culture which is two
different things let me show you let me
just show you it one one instance of
what I mean but seeing the difference so
you can do it with just looking at Tom
Wolfe between the difference of an
artist to his culture critical who was
seeing the flaws in human beings the
sinful nature of human beings and how
they are operating in this moment in
this time and somebody who hates the
culture that he is operating in okay
bonfire of the vanities which was a very
very really good book I didn't like the
last third of it as much as everybody
else but I thought it was a really
beautiful book a really reinvention of
the Zola Dickens kind of social novel
that had gone out of style and it's
about a stockbroker and the Regan arrow
and everybody when their stocks were
taking off from him but he was making so
much money and nobody actually knew what
stockbrokers did and very early on in
the book he hits and runs a over a black
eye a black kid and and hides it and
covers it up and that's the story and it
was really it's really an insightful and
put in parts an absolutely brilliant
book but when it comes to the moral
reckoning in the book the judge at the
trial is a Jew and the reason he does
this and it's very very obvious in the
book as he does this is he's telling you
that the foundation of our moral life is
based on judeo-christian principles that
is why he's doing it that is why the
judge is a Jew it's the same thing in
The Sopranos in The Sopranos there's a
scene where mrs. soprano goes to a
Jewish psychiatrist and he says to her
the problem you have is that your
husband is evil and she he just clears
everything up he just says these are the
values that we live by you're violating
them same with the judge in Tom Wolfe's
novel bonfire of the vanities now in the
movie the judge became Morgan Freeman no
one would argue with that casting Morgan
Freeman's a great great actor and she
sure as hell looks like a judge but but
the difference is the difference between
liberals who feel that our moral Center
is the violation of our principles in
black slavery in the band in black
Bridget prejudice which is a violation
of our principles and Tom Wolfe who felt
yes the culture is unfair to black
people as we could see in this story
although he made incredible fun out of
what's his name the Reverend Al Sharpton
jr. but but he said yes you know there
are inequalities but our culture is
based on a Jew great judeo-christian
basis that is valid and remains valid
you can hear here's the scene from the
movie with Morgan Freeman jr. where they
call him a racist and of course he's
black so they can't get away with that
but he he his voice is the voice is a
biblical voice his voice is a biblical
voice as he can Det
as he criticizes the culture but he
represents the best of the culture here
it is
you dare call me racist well I say unto
you what does it matter the color of a
man's skin if witnesses perjure
themselves if a prosecutor enlist the
per juris when a district attorney
throws a man to the mob for political
gain and men of the cloth man of God
take the prime cuts
it's that justice see it's the voice of
the culture because it's Tom wolf it's
the voice of the culture condemning the
people in the culture which is much
different than condemning the culture
and again I'm not criticizing the
casting of Morgan Freeman as a judge
obviously who wouldn't cast Morgan
Freeman as a judge but just the fact
that the liberals could not get their
mind around putting a Jew as the charge
it which is the statement that Tom wolf
is making in the book tells you
something about the difference of how
they look at our culture and how Tom
wolf and conservative ours and it's
really interesting that some of our
greatest artists from the 60s which you
can see is the time when the left took
over the culture our right-wingers Tom
Stoppard the other Tom one of the
greatest writers alive also a Maggie
Thatcher guy and really got nailed for
it and we're gonna see how this operates
how the culture the those who create the
culture are at war with the real culture
of America in all the politics that's
happening today but first let us talk
about the fact that I look so fantastic
why is it because I use Dollar Shave
Club I have used them for years and
years long before they became sponsors I
just love them they just deliver a razor
every month to your door and not just
razors but everything else you need to
look feel and smell your best Dollar
Shave Club has everything you want in
your bathroom much more than just razors
though their razors are great Dollar
Shave Club delivers everything you need
they have shampoo conditioner body wash
toothpaste hair gel all kinds of things
and shipping is free with your
membership here's a great way to try a
bunch of Dollar Shave club's products
for just 5 bucks you can get their daily
essentials starter set it comes with
body cleanser one wipe Charlies they're
amazing butt wipes their world-famous
shave butter and their best razor the
six blade executive that is one of the
razors I use which is it's got I think
it's got 700 blades on it you know you
start shaving on Monday and you put it
away and it's still shaving your head on
Tuesday it is just terrific I also like
their shave butter because I have all
this real estate to shave and you can
see through the butter it's not it
doesn't foam up keep the blades coming
for a few more bucks every month and add
in shampoo toothpaste or anything else
you need anytime you want it's really
easy just pressing buttons check it all
out at dollarshaveclub.com slash Clavin
and you're saying hmm
interesting how do you spell Clavin well
no E's that's the trick there is no ease
and being Clavin my friends if I make it
look easy but there is no ease in Clavin
as KLA aan that's dollarshaveclub.com
slash Clavin try him out it really is
good stuff
alright this is the whole thing they let
the left is not culture critical they
are at war with the people and the
people are the culture the people create
the culture it is the job of artists
simply to reflect that culture and to
see how people violate the premises of
that culture that was the voice you
heard those were the words you heard
Morgan Freeman saying verily I say unto
you he was talking in that biblical
voice that men of God have violated the
precepts of God as opposed to what the
left is saying there is no God the
precepts themselves stinkin how do you
see it it's always the Jews it always
comes down to the Jews why because they
sound stand at the core of our culture
they stand at the core of what we
believe and who we are and their Bible
does and their Messiah does and I you
know I know that Jews don't accept Jesus
as the Messiah but he is still the
representative of Jewish ideas and and
was lived and died a Jew you know you
just see this in so many ways I mean you
have these terrorists Hamas attacking
the Israeli borders and I know we've
been talking about this for days so I
won't go into it forever because it's it
just goes on and on and the press just
basically acting as if this must be the
Jews fault you know that by the way is a
big part of Western culture that's the
part of Western culture the left
represents blaming the Jews for
everything let's just take a look at
Netanyahu the Prime Minister of Israel
being interviewed by CBS's Jeff Glor is
saying why don't you sit down and talk
to these lovely people do you see
yourself under any circumstance talking
to a mosque as long as they seek our
destruction what am I going to talk
about I mean if somebody said could you
talk to al-qaeda who'd you talk to
would you have discussions with bin
Laden about what I asked only because
against all odds the u.s. and North
Korea seem to be on the verge of of
talking so sometimes
meetings that might be unimaginable end
up happening you're right it's happened
to us with our Arab neighbors but that's
when you have leaders who decided that
they abandoned the goal of war and
destruction and annihilating the other
side and by the way even what has
happened in North Korea that took place
because of a very clear message I think
that North Korea received that the goal
of destruction and aggression would be
met with very strong a very strong
response yeah basically setting this guy
straight you can't negotiate with people
who want to kill you and if you do
negotiate with them you do it by saying
hey you know what draw you draw I will
blow you away which is essentially what
Trump said to Kim Jong while the same
people in the press wailed and moaned
and and complained there's all these
myths that the press is selling and is
just intolerable but the underlying
purpose of this is their hatred of
Western culture which is self-hatred and
self-hatred is hatred of God and self
hatred and hatred of God always comes
out in hatred of the Jews that's the way
it always works okay and then myths
they're selling they're selling the myth
that these are unarmed protestors that
are just peaceful protests that are just
coming and they're not they're sending
you know they're sending fire over the
side they're using weapons a Hamas guy
and Hamas is behind this and Iran is
behind Hamas Hamas official Mahmud al
Zahar is on our television and fake
thank heavens from memory memory and
EMRI translates what they're saying
because we don't know about this this is
cut number five and leave the mic on so
I can read it because you won't be able
to hear what he's saying
the guy asks um you know the interviewer
asks the sky from Hamas about peaceful
resistance and here's the Hamas guys
answer all right play it now the limb
and leave my mic on this is not peaceful
resistance has the option of armed
struggle diminished no on the contrary
it is growing and developing that's
clear so when we talk about peaceful
resistance
we're just deceiving the public this is
peaceful resistance bolstered by a
military force and by security agencies
enjoying tremendous popular support
as for Fatah peaceful resistance it
consists of rallies demonstrations
protests pleas and requests in order to
improve the terms of the negotiations or
to enable talks with the Israeli enemy
the deception does not fool the
Palestinian public and it was hot to say
he keeps saying it's we're deceiving
people we call it peace but we're
deceiving people they keep saying
they're killing people at random 5/6
they've been like some 60 people killed
like 50 of them were Hamas people so
it's like somehow their fire into this
crowd but just by luck it's the luck of
the Jews you know how lucky Jews are man
there's just the luck of the Jews they
just happen to be hitting high-level
Hamas guys as they're firing into the
crowd it is not it is the fact that the
Jews represent the West they represent
it in their culture and they represent
it in their traditions that so inform
who we are and what we believe you know
that is that is really but you know it's
it's really interesting I saw Ethan
Hawke's really good actor and he was on
TV and he was on one of the late-night
shows Seth what's her name or whoever
Seth Meyers thank you he's and and he's
talking about guns what's the problem
with gun control and listen to what he
says talking so much about gun control
in this country and that I noticed
recently like if you put in a column
every movie I ever did where I carry a
gun in every movie where I don't in my
salary like if I ask my father to do the
math yeah yeah I really think it would
be about 92 percent to 8 percent really
and when I realized that you realize how
much are the our identity is and wrapped
up about what we want and how we see
people and how hard it is to sell a
movie without a gun I mean no wonder
we're in young boy all over the subject
and I'm sure if you look in there always
if there's a gun in the movie I'm sure
it's on the poster I know that that's
for sure but devil's advocate I do think
that if you tried to take the swords out
of Shakespeare same thing it would fall
apart yeah pretty quickly pretty quickly
you they did a production back in the
day cordless production and it was just
guitars and it did terribly yeah
so what Hawkes is realizing they're not
that I I don't know that that would ever
it would ever occur to them to change
their mind what he's realizing there is
this is part of life and the culture
reflects life the culture reflects the
life of the people the people of the
culture not him his job is to represent
the culture Ethan Hawke's is not the
culture we are the people are and his
job is just to represent us and that's
why movies with guns sell because people
need guns they want to be able to defend
themselves they see themselves as heroes
as independent doctors they don't want
to sit there and wait for the police to
show up because when the you know when
seconds count the police are minutes
away and I I think it's just amazing
that it never occurs to Hollywood to say
huh you know maybe the the people should
speak to us instead of us talking to the
people all the time maybe the people
should be allowed to lecture us instead
of us lecturing the people they see
themselves as the great whit Wiseman but
really it's their audience who should be
informing them that was what made the
movies great in the old days when he had
a bunch of immigrant Jews who loved this
country who said what other people want
you know yeah we want to tell him that
we're part of the country that they
should like us as well
but they were happy to make movies with
Bing Crosby as a priest they were happy
to make movies with religious people
with patriotic people because they
understood that the that's what the
people were that the people were the
culture and they were serving that
culture by creating art right our
culture as what they call culture is
really just a vehicle for elites to
attack the people and it and they never
change their mind you know let's let's
look at this for a minute
yesterday was the day they celebrated or
celebrated memorialized police who had
been killed in action
and Donald Trump went out and made a
speech let's let's take a little bit of
a look at this one of the things they
the mother of a fallen officer was
breaks breaks her heart mother of the
Fallen officer was standing behind him
hugging him as he spoke just as he spoke
just like leaning her head against him
and hugging him for the words that he
was saying that's the people that's the
culture listen to what he says they're
praying for you grieving with you and
pledging to you that we will never
forget our heroes ever
this morning this morning I especially
want to speak to the young sons and
daughters who join us here today I want
you to know that your moms and dads were
among the bravest Americans to ever live
when danger came when darkness fell when
destruction loomed they did not flinch
they were not afraid they did not falter
they stared down danger raced down
alleys chase down criminals kicked down
doors and faced down evil brave you know
I hear a lot of people on the Left
saying Donald Trump is stupid let me put
it this way if he's smart enough to say
that right to say that simple thing that
the police are the good guys in a fight
with evil and it makes them brave you
know then how stupid are they that they
can't say it you know what they op-ed
the top up in the New York Times was
today this is the day after this but
it's obviously the day that they're
reporting on this to honor Eric Garner's
life reform the police now Eric garner
was the guy who was accused of selling
cigarettes off tax and the police
attacked him and he resisted arrest and
the police wrestled him to the ground
and later he died after that cop put a
stranglehold on
why would I honor that guy's life I know
I'm not even gonna comment on whether
they used deadly force or shouldn't have
used the force or you know I wasn't
there I don't know what what am I gonna
honor that life you know that's why what
what is there in that life that I should
honor I don't understand that why is
this the day when Eric garner should
come up why is this the day are there
were there no cops I mean I know the
answer to this question but were there
no cops murdered in in New York at the
instigation because it's spot by killers
inspired by the words of Barack Obama
hating on the police were there no cops
for them to talk about we're gonna honor
the life of Eric garner why why I don't
understand that I do not understand it
unless you hate the very culture that
you're in unless
instead of creating culture and being
culture critical which is fair and part
of the job of the press you are simply
trying to destroy the culture that's why
the press is hated in this country by
the way it's not because their cultural
critical it's not because they criticize
we all know the powerful have to be
criticized it's because they hate the
very underlying structures of the
country helix sleep I gotta tell you the
helix this is a an ad for mattresses and
I will tell you about helix with
mattresses but I haven't tried their
mattress and they sent me one of their
pillows you know how I know that this is
one of the greatest billets in the world
I got to use it one night and then it
was gone and I thought where's my
where's that great pillow I was thinking
my wife said you don't let pillow they
sent you that's a great pillow so I've
never seen that bit he just took it over
to her side of the bed it's so it's such
a cool pillow it's not only comfortable
really supportive but it's got this
weird thing where it's cool all the time
so you know how you have to turn over
pillows in the middle of the night
because you I don't need to make them
hot it doesn't do that it really is good
there mattresses the thing about the
mattress is that the mattress is made
specifically for you because there's
nobody on the planet like you so why
would you buy a mattress that was built
for everybody else
helix sleep developed a mattress that's
customized to your specific height
weight and sleep preferences so you can
have the best sleep of your life or in
my case you can lie away comfortably
which is really important in 2018 helix
sleep has taken customized sleep to the
next level with the helix pillow so they
do include this in the ad and it is
fantastic the all new pillows are fully
adjustable so you can achieve perfect
comfort regardless of sleep position or
body type also important for me because
I've damaged my upper body typing for 50
years so I need good pillows that really
are supportive kotas helix sleep comm
slash Clavin right now and you'll get up
to 125 dollars toward your mattress
order and I know what you're thinking
$125 Wow how do you spell Clavin que la
VA n that's helix sleep comm slash
Clavin for up to a hundred and twenty
five dollars off your mattress order
helix sleep comm slash Clavin I gotta
tell you the pillows are unbelievable
they really are you know that Apple news
daily wire is now on Apple News you can
put us on your device add us to your
news channels and get your latest store
whether you're on your pad or your phone
or whatever and there we are it's like
we'll follow you around now personally
sent me a couple bucks I'll follow you
around personally but but also if you
just want the news from us I want to
deal with one more story before we hit
the break which is the approval of Gina
Haspel for the to run the CIA because
this isn't completely in keeping with
the theme of the day the theme that I'm
talking about here
she has been approved by the Intel
committee and she's guaranteed basically
guarantee she's won enough Democrats
support where she will be
she'll be approved all the way that was
the last I heard I don't think they
moved on to full approval yet but anyway
she will be approved and they were
attacking her because she ran a station
where terrorists were waterboarded and I
have said many times that I don't
understand why if you think a terrorist
is staging an attack he shouldn't be
waterboarded I wanted waterboarding
jihadists to be part of the Olympics you
know there would be like water you know
polo and there would be water you know
dancing and then there would be
waterboarding yeah jihadist which Isis
fuck what's a great idea and she was
questioned by a number of Democrat
senators about you know she said I'm not
doing this anymore the rules changed I'm
following the rules I'll just play one
of these cuts cuz we're running short of
time Kamala Harris just she is the the
senator from California so you know the
quality that we send to this country
when we say when we send you a senator
you know you are getting the very very
best quality Democrat lunatic he's
questioning come on she's questioning as
well and she's asking her whether it's
moral to torture somebody and you know
she's Gina hospital is going to kind of
dancing around the question and finally
I'm sorry this yeah I want to go food
with the Jack Reed one I'm sorry
Kamala Harris at about Kamala Harris is
true but I want to go with the Jack Reed
one he asks or the question well would
it be moral if they did it to a CIA
agent which is such a stupid question
and here it is given operations officer
who is captain he's being waterboarded
I've asked you very simply would you
determine that to be immoral and
something that should never be it's done
condoned in any way shape or form
your responses to be that civilized
stations don't do it but uncivilized
nations do it or uncivilized groups do
it the United States as a civil idle
nation a civilized nation was doing it
until was outlawed by this Congress
senator I would never obviously support
inhumane treatment of any CIA officers
we've lost CIA officers over the years
to terrorists I just gave an example
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed personally killed
a Wall Street Journal correspondent and
filmed that I don't think there's any
comparison between CIA officers serving
their country adhering to US law and
terrorists who by their very definition
are not following anybody's law you have
to explain this to a Democrat you have
to explain it to him you know you just
have to explain that there's no
comparison it's the same thing with
Israel you know the other myth that they
talk about they say why why did Donald
Trump move the embassy to Jerusalem
without getting any concessions from
Israel and I agree you know what
concessions they should get from Israel
he should get the concession that they
live by the rule of law oh wait they do
that you should get that they give women
full rights oh wait they do that he
should get the concession that they give
all religions full rights as opposed to
all the Arab countries in the region oh
wait they do that we don't need
concessions from them because they're
not doing wrong and they just can't
figure this out they cannot figure it
out because they are not the culture
we're the culture they are at war with
us
the culture war is actually a war
against we the people you know what
we're gonna do the mail bag in just a
minute but I got to say goodbye to
Facebook and YouTube because you guys
don't subscribe if you would subscribe
we would not have to cast you out into
the exterior darkness where there is
great wailing and gnashing of teeth it's
worth a lousy ten bucks a month or a
lousy hundred bucks for the full year
plus you get left as tears so you when
you're well and Nash your teeth
it'll be filled with leftist tears
instead of your tears all right come on
over the mailbag is about to the
beginning
all right the mailbag I wonder I wonder
how you know we have an Earthling
Lindsay she's got a baby now I don't
even know how they're doing
all right from to king Clavin the first
Lord of all that is satire first I
wanted to thank you for your show for
the last two years I was homeless and
sleeping in a car due to a horrifying
childhood and one poor life choice some
of my only brief moments of joy at the
time we're listening to downloaded
episodes of your show on an old phone as
I worked my way out of my situation now
I have worked my way to prosperity in my
early 20s and have a good life but live
in constant fear at the irrational
thought of having everything taken from
me like it was before how would you
recommend overcoming fear once it just
started to consume your day-to-day life
could the solution be found in faith or
is it wiser to look in therapy looking
forward to reading the great good thing
and happy to finally subscribe thank you
sir thank you great that's great to hear
that we were talking to you when you
needed us and I'm really thrilled that
you've gotten out ere listen you're
suffering from kind of like a
post-traumatic stress it sounds like
they had a bad situation I had a bad
situation in my youth where I went into
terrible depressions and I occurred them
but for a long time after that I was
always afraid they'd come back you know
you know you once you once you realize
why Jesus teaches you to walk on water
because once you realize that you're
moving on faith you know how how quickly
things can be taken away from you so
you've been you've been traumatized
basically you want to get over that I
don't see why I have to choose between
faith and therapy I think both are
really good systems faith you're gonna
need faith because you know Jesus will
take your hand he will let you walk on
this water that we're all walking on pal
I mean it's all all of us are living you
know life by the moment-by-moment yeah
you're not gonna go back you're not
gonna fall back you're gonna be fine but
you know it's not a bad thing to go to a
therapist just to talk this through and
get rid of the trauma you know it helped
the trauma they have really good systems
for doing that there's there's one
system that just deals directly with
this I can never remember what's called
kind of behavioral therapy they have now
but but basically you're dealing with
post-traumatic stress and it wouldn't be
a bad thing if you had a horrifying
childhood to talk about that to you know
I mean mental health is mental
health and and God will help you and
support you in getting mental health but
we also have doctors you know you don't
turn to God and say you know cure my
kidney stones you go to the doctor and
you pray to God that all will be well
and that's that's the way it works and
so I don't think you should limit
yourself to only one from Jake dear
Grand Master miss pebbled it says dare
Guignard mate sir into kauahikaua
you you have mentioned a few times that
your dad was a great voice man I was
wondering if there's a website or
somewhere that his work is available to
listen to you know there's not when when
he was in his prime which was like in
the late 50s early 6:00 and through the
60s I should say he had a show called
Clavin and Finch where he did all these
voices and Finch was the straight man
there were a couple of what they call
air checks of that around which you can
find online his name was Jean Clavin you
can find those online but they didn't
record a shows and he he once said to me
that he was biggest regret one of his
biggest regrets in life was that his
show was written on air he said and
I no longer exists we had some me and my
brothers had some
DVDs of his later shows when he was just
Clavin in the morning and we donated
those to the Broadcasting Museum in New
York so they're available there but if
you search online there's something but
no there's no website dedicated to his
shows because there most of them just
don't exist anymore
um from Cameron - he who despite having
no ease puts the tickity in tickety-boo
I have been reading a book on the
history of the Christian Church and
recently got through the section on
scholasticism from what I read these men
applied the teachings of Aristotle to
interpret the faith and believe God
could be reached through a reason
however the church leaders who followed
the school claimed Christianity must be
taken on faith alone you know it's funny
the way we get the word dunce is in
their references to Duns Scotus who was
one of the Scholastic's and they made
fun of him after the scholasticism
period of scholasticism past they made
fun of him and that became the word
dunce anyway I find myself or me
I find myself hopelessly in-between
these two positions it seemed to me that
God has given us reason to apprehend
ourselves in relation to him however it
seems equally apparent that there are
things udderly beyond our logical
capacity could you please comment on how
you think reason faith and perhaps also
the imagination play into the Christian
life and worldview thanks Cameron great
question I mean I could talk about this
for the next hour and a half so I'll try
not to
first I think you have to understand
what faith is and I've said this before
but it's important faith is not the
belief in any old thing that somebody
tells you any old crazy notion that you
know somebody says well it's in this
word of the Bible you know I mean
Shakespeare said the devil can quote
scripture to his purposes and that is
absolutely true you know you're not
supposed to believe what you can't
believe you're supposed to believe faith
is when reason tells you something is
true but you can't see it and so you and
you can't prove it because you can't
yeah it's not it's not something that
exists in the material world that's
faith faith is just they caught the leap
of faith but I always call it just a
step of faith it's always just taking
the next step so for instance like I can
see with my eyes and I can reason with
my mind that some things are evil
whether everybody believes they're good
or not there was a time and on earth
when everybody believed this slavery was
normal and typical and just the right
thing to do it wasn't it wasn't even
then even then it was wrong once you
understand that once you understand that
you then have to have faith in that
because there's no way to prove it
there's no way to prove that if you went
to Planet Nazi you know Nazism wouldn't
be right in some in some cosmic way we
know it wouldn't we reason that it
wouldn't and then we believe in what we
reason so reason you know is faith is is
the step to the reasons that you can't
see to the things that are immaterial
the imagination is really important if
you use it in the words were thean sense
of your inner life your inner the inner
experience of being a human being the
place where most of the important things
in your life take place right I mean you
need food you need money but you also
need beauty you need love these are the
things that religion provides and you
experience God in your imagination
because as the Bible says no one has
ever seen God
so you experience him in that inner life
that in that imagination the trick to
this is the same as with faith it's
aligning your imagination with the world
with the real world
you don't want to have an inner life
that is out of keeping with the world
the best exact example I can give is the
example of someone who falls in love
with someone who's not worthy of them
and you think like oh this is the
greatest guy on earth oh this girl is an
angel this is wonderful and really she's
you know whoring around and really he
beats you and so your imagination your
inner world is out of keeping with
reality so you want to learn how to get
reality and that is one of the reasons I
I do recommend therapy for people who
are unbalanced in their perception of
reality you've got to fix that that's a
that's a lifetime occupation is making
sure you see reality clearly and then
you want to train your emotions to be in
keeping with that so you want to love
virtue not vice you want to love a woman
or a man who is worthy of you not a
scoundrel you know you want to celebrate
beauty in Michelangelo not in Jackson
Pollock you want to you want to
celebrate beauty and the things that are
beautiful and understand that some
things are not beautiful except in the
most cosmic sense so that's the way
those things I I feel those three things
interact you know reason does take you
where you need to go in terms of
understanding the world but that doesn't
mean that you can prove everything that
is reasonable and so you have to have
faith in things that you can't prove
faith in the axioms of life the things
that can't be proved through you know
absolute logic but we know them to be
reasonable and true all right are you
going about this forever but I want from
brandy dear mr. Clavin I'm a
conservative teacher in the public
education system I emphasize the
Constitution in this applications as
much as I can in my class I teach social
studies by the way I have great rapport
with my students and support from the
majority of parents but in the last
couple years I've gotten a few emails
from parents insisting that I'm pushing
a Republican agenda in my classroom
because of my emphasis on founding
documents I've always taken special care
in my class to show multiple sides of
issues and my students know one of the
main mantras in my class is to ask
questions and filter things for yourself
any advice for me moving forward well I
certainly think you should address the
teacher the parents who are complaining
and explain your point of view I
certainly think that you should let your
students know that they are free to
voice their opinions when you have these
discussions I mean that sounds like you
do that already make sure that and and
make sure because you are a conservative
your job is not to teach conservatism
your job is to teach the kids to think
and to teach them the facts so you know
do it do a searching moral inventory and
make sure that these parents who are
complaining don't have anything to
complain about I mean it's possible you
know we all make mistakes as possible
that you do shade over to the right to
your natural bias to the right so make
sure you correct that and that you're
just teaching the founding documents and
what the founders thought about the
founding documents and then let the
students debate them from a point of
being informed by your information by
the fact that they now know they're not
just talking about their feelings
they're talking about what is actually
in the documents and why they agree or
disagree or whatever and you know you
should so that's that's my answer you
should address the parents you should
look into yourself and make sure that
they don't have a case and you should
and you should make sure that the kids
know that they can say whatever they
want to say from Michael Oh magnificent
Clavin with crystal vision clarity now
that the Supreme Court overruled the
sports gambling law would you consider
gambling a sin I can see it being a vice
but I can't find it being called a sin
in the Bible what's your take on well
first of all just let's make sure we
understand what the Supreme Court said
this the Supreme Court said that the
federal government did not have the
right to coerce the states into outline
betting on sports which is a really
important part of federalism they
weren't supporting gambling they were
supporting federalism they were
supporting the states rights to make
their own laws and not be coerced by the
government it was a good decision of
seven to two so it was you know it was
about that was about freedom not about
gambling my own take on gambling is that
my take on a lot of things that are you
called them vices some people call them
sins but I you know I I leave the
judgment of sin to God I mean I know
that there are things that are crimes I
know that there are things that are
wrong but I leave the judgment of sin to
God because I believe that sin is a
question of what direction you're facing
whether you're facing the direction of
God and that only God knows and so I
really leave judgment to God in these
things and I think that I wish more you
know it's funny you know I was just
saying I was on a religious show and I
said to him you know Jesus at the Last
Supper in his last few minutes gave
instructions to his disciples is to
strut his instructions were not you know
figure out who goes to heaven and then
get back to me you know how it was not
you know figure out whether you believe
in trance abstain
and then kill everyone who doesn't
that's not what he said he said love one
another as I have loved you with
sacrificial love that's how they'll know
who you are so I think you know we want
to get to the love and not so much the
judgment which is really judgment is
mine saying sayeth vengeance is mine
sayeth the Lord
gambling you know III gamble a very
little bit I play poker with my pals I
come in I know exactly how much I'm
gonna lose if I lose and I know you know
I'm not gonna win that much if I if I
win I can afford it I'm not addicted to
it you know certainly gambling is a
powerful addiction if you find yourself
spending money you don't have or
spending money and not having fun you
know spending money compulsively if you
find you can't stop then I I think
you're degrading yourself and either
degrading yourself does seem to me that
the whiff of sin about it that always a
something that I think about went in my
life I think like that maybe I this is
giving me pleasure but I'm degrading
myself maybe that's a sin maybe I won't
do that anymore and so like I you know
I'm very loose about gambling because I
think that it can be pleasurable it can
be fun but you got to do it at a level
that's that makes sense you know even if
you have a lot of money even if it
doesn't hurt you to lose you know ten
thousand dollars I'm not sure that
losing ten thousand dollars is such a
good idea you know when I talk about
playing a poker game I'm talking about
fifty bucks
you know or every month or something
like that and can't see my friends and
having you know drinks and pizza and
it's like that's worth 50 bucks to me
you know that's worth 50 bucks I'm a
mediocre card player I know I'm gonna
win sometimes I know I'm gonna lose
sometimes it doesn't seem to me a sin to
enjoy that at that level but of course
it anything anything can be an idol and
anything can come and grip you and drag
you down all right tickety-boo news I
just want to relay this from our friends
at News Buster's the media Research
Center
you know this an election is coming up
and it is becoming increasingly clear
that many in social media are moving to
silence conservative voices we've had
terrible problems with YouTube last week
where they were cutting you know making
it so that I can't I couldn't yeah get
monetized on my videos or even blocking
my videos and using any excuse that they
have to do this you know if if
if the guys at the Young Turks curse on
the air nobody says anything at YouTube
if Ben Shapiro uses even a slight slangy
word they give them a problem I you know
this this is bias and it's not right and
I think the people at YouTube in their
hearts they know this and maybe would
work to fix it and to be fair to all of
us because look I I think anybody who
listens to the show realizes I don't
hate anybody I do not hate anybody I
certainly don't hate anybody according
to where they come from I love the fact
that America is filled with all of us
mutts together trying to find out how to
make our creed makes sense Twitter too
has virtually admitted to shadow banning
people they call trolls but we just know
this skews to the right there very few
all the right fascists in this country
very few it's you know they hold
meetings and a hundred people show up
they're bad guys but there's just not
that many of them there are plenty of
people on the Communist left and on the
jihadist Muslim radical station who get
full rights to speak their piece while
conservatives who hope to hold
individual rights in the Constitution
get harassed and and silenced and this
is true also on Google where they really
make it tough now to find the
conservative news you want and they put
people like snoops and Snopes and
PolitiFact who are left-wing fact
checkers they put them up top whenever
you google anything that is conservative
so the media Research Center is in
response I'm reading this off their site
in response to the continued restriction
and censorship of conservatives and
their organizations by tech giants
Facebook Twitter Google and YouTube the
media Research Center along with 14
leading conservative organizations
announced that the formation of a new
permanent coalition conservatives
against online censorship and you can go
on to media Research Center and you can
press the link and go to conservatives
against online censorship they demand
that we get transparency we need
detailed information so everyone can see
if liberal groups and users are being
treated the same as those on the right
they would like clarity on hate speech
hate speech is a common concern amongst
social media companies but no two firms
to find it in the same way and too often
it comes to just mean conservative ideas
and especially conservative jokes
because we do make we will make more
shocking jokes but it really depends
what you mean by them provide equal
footing for conservatives top social
media firms such as Google and YouTube
have chosen to work with dishonest
groups like the Southern Poverty Law
Center absolutely true it's a hate group
Mirror the First Amendment let the
people speak let us all speak go on to a
media Research Center and and link that
and join in with this because I just
think you know a lot of these people
they're people of goodwill I believe
this but I believe it about Facebook and
YouTube and and Google I really do
believe that these are people of
goodwill but they are surrounded by a
left-wing culture and when you're
surrounded by that culture there's
nobody there to say to you no that's not
hateful it's actually in the
Constitution no that's not hateful it
actually is classical liberalism you
know no the problem is that the left
sets the terms of what will be called
racist and then when you say you know
what I'm against welfare they said well
that's racist well who says it's racist
it has nothing to do with race all kinds
of people accept welfare and you know
I'm not against it entirely but I do
think it's misused so anyway I just
think that this is a fight worth
fighting and I think that if we don't
sit back if we start now because the
idea of course is to censor
conservatives during the election like
the IRS did during Obama's re-election I
think if we start now
maybe we can get some fair treatment
maybe we can you know appeal to their
better angel the better angels of their
nature and make sure that this election
we all get a chance to speak tomorrow we
have a speaking of that we have an
expert on free speech on tomorrow what
do you remember name my nadine strossen
she just gave a great interview on free
speech you don't want to miss it
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show we'll see you tomorrow
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and makeup
is by Joshua alvera the Andrew Klavan
show is a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for word publishing
you
