the daily news just to cover itself in
slime and when you have underlying
principles that are wrong when you
underlying principles that are misguided
one of the ways you can tell is what be
you be turned into that's one of the
ways you can tell if you can't argue
with someone who opposes you without
using four-letter words if you can't
argue without attacking somebody
personally you've probably made a
mistake somewhere here's the daily news
if vodka Trump was sent over to the
opening of the embassy made speeches
welcoming person people it was a
celebratory event in in Israel because
obviously finally they're getting
something that is just has just been
reality America is just recognizing
reality The Daily News puts out this
headline of Ivanka smiling daddy's
little ghoul 55 slaughtered in Gaza but
Ivanka all smiles at Jerusalem embassy
unveil
when you turn into that when you turn
into a person who does that to someone
you know that you've made a mistake
that's when you start to say like oh
yeah now I stink I suck and it's
probably good because my values are bad
morning Jo re-echoed this just like kind
of
slavish ly sold this line of thought
listen to them talking about this and
myka it for the rest of the world you
actually saw an administration a White
House and will say it since Ivanka Trump
was there a family completely out of
touch with the realities of the region
that they're dealing with and you know
it you you had 55 55 people killed
yesterday 58 58 and you had a split
screen of what looked like a VIP tent at
the Belmont Stakes and and they just
they don't seem totally oblivious to
what was going on nothing
not so far away totally oblivious
they're celebrating that they're
celebrating the opening of the embassy
in Jerusalem while these terrorists who
want to wipe this country off the face
of the earth are trying to kill
