because satire is now impossible and
reality has become the only source of
comedy a new bombshell report reveals
that after a full year of the Muller
investigation of Russia collusion it
turns out Muller himself colluded with
Russian oligarchs that it's a true story
you cannot make that up we will analyze
this major conflict of interest for
Robert Muller and his never-ending probe
then speaking of comedy
the legendary stand-up and SNL alum
Dennis Miller stops by to talk comedy in
the age of Trump finally a silver lining
for our vomit of culture
I'm Michael Knowles and this is the
Michael Noel's show
I like that word vomit if that's so good
I'm gonna start using that one we've got
a lot to get to today before we talk
about these things and the single
funniest news story of the last ever I
want to tell you about movement watches
I love movement watches you've heard me
talk about them before I love them they
help me keep the lights on that's very
nice but more importantly than that they
just make an excellent product so I'm
wearing mine right now I wear the
revolver this watch I get so many
compliments on this watch I really have
never gotten more compliments on a watch
ever it is super cool they have new ones
out now and I if if you need to send me
an early wedding present the one I want
is the Bronze Age revolver so send them
my way they're super super cool movement
has come very far from being crowdfunded
kids working out of a living room in the
past year they've not only introduced a
ton of new watch collections for both
men and women they've also expanded to
sunglasses and fashion-forward bracelets
for her eyewear movement sweet little
elisa wears movement it is just a really
cool company they've grown like crazy
they've now sold almost two million
watches in over 160 countries they're
revolutionising fashion on the belief
that style shouldn't break the bank
movement watches start at just $95 if
you went into a department store watch
like this would cost 300-400 maybe more
just $95 so movement figured out that by
selling online they were able to cut out
the middleman and the retail markup
providing the best possible price to you
classic design quality construction
styled minimalism get 15% off today do
it free shipping free returns and a
really good discount on the watch go to
nvm t.com slash qoph fac o VF e fe MVM
t.com slash cough fa co v fe fe you've
got no consonants in the first part and
then consonants in the second part I
know MVM T calm slash cough FAC Y
movement keeps growing check out their
expanding collection and join the
movement you're not gonna believe this
one today the this news story is so good
and I can't but this is like the perfect
punch line to the entire robert muller
russia collusion investigation it turns
out in 2009 special counsel
Robert Muller now investigating
president Trump for colluding with the
Russians himself colluded with the
Russians I know I'm just as shocked as
you are it is an absurd punchline I will
go through this because I want to get to
Dennis as quickly as we can of all of
the arguments to take down the Muller
investigation to stop this
anti-constitutional clearly unamerican
power grab here to overturn a
presidential election of all of the
arguments to take down this
investigation this one is the best
here's what happened see if you can
follow this it kind of seems like a
really weird sad James Bond story but
with but because it's real-life
government and there's a lot of just
inefficiency and poor decisions that
happened along the way so in 2009 robert
muller was running the FBI and the FBI
asked russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska
for some help to help them with an
operation that they were doing even the
name I have to assume that Oleg is short
for oligarch because that is like out of
a cartoon that the Russian oligarchs
name is Oleg Oleg
so they the FBI asks Oleg for some help
on this operation I'm gonna call him
Gorky I think that's a that's another
good nickname for him so the FBI asked
Gorky
they asked Deripaska to spend millions
of dollars of his own money to fund an
FBI backed operation to rescue a former
FBI agent Robert Levinson who was
captured in Iran while working for the
CIA in 2007 former FBI agent now working
for the CIA abducted in Iran in 2007 now
it's 2009 FBI asks the Russian oligarch
for help
Deripaska agreed Deripaska spent
millions of dollars of his own money he
had meetings with the FBI he had
meetings with that disgraced former FBI
agent Andrew McCabe in Paris in Vienna
in Budapest in Hungary in Washington DC
all over the place they meet they're
working together very closely now the
operation worked they actually were able
to locate Levinson with video and
photographic evidence they tracked him
down in Iran they were about to go get
him and then Hillary Clinton shut
everything down Hillary Clinton at the
time was the Secretary of State
everything down at the last minute who
knows why maybe she didn't want to deal
with the political fallout maybe she
didn't want this mission to imperil her
presidential ambitions who knows they
were on the verge of getting him
millions of dollars had been spent
they had evidence that knew where he was
and then he was gone the operation ended
in 2011 Levinson has never been found
this is 11 years now after he was
captured score another failure for
Hillary Clinton so this story by the way
which is a punch line to the Muller
investigation actually is another piece
of evidence for why it's so good that we
did not elect Hillary if she totally
bungled this and appears to have made
certain political calculations that left
this guy stranded in Iran God knows
we're back to Robert Muller so the
Russian oligarch Deripaska turned up in
the Muller investigation Deripaska has
long-standing ties to Paul Manafort the
former Trump campaign chairman mana Ford
allegedly offered Deripaska private
meetings about the 2016 campaign they
had long-standing financial ties before
this Deripaska sued man afford this past
January because he was alleging fraud in
a 2007 investing deal so now let's bring
in the hookers now Deripaska is former
mistress the Belarusian prostitute
Anastasia vashu kovitch who was
videotaped on a yacht with Deripaska and
the Deputy Prime Minister of Russia
because the oligarchs run the country
it's a very corrupt country this a
Belarusian prostitute is claiming to
have evidence that Deripaska had a plan
to interfere in the 2016 US presidential
election okay so you say where's the
evidence let's bring in the evidence the
only trouble of course and this happens
with Belarusian hookers is that she's
currently stuck in a Thai prison are you
still with me are you still tracking
this because there's a lot going on so
put that aside
speaking of hookers Deripaska is one of
the russians that the FBI questioned
about the democrat funded hit job
dossier that alleged that donald trump
paid russian hookers to relieve
themselves on a bed that barack obama
once slept on now the FBI after this it
was alleged to have happened the FBI
busted into Deripaska hotel room they
asked him about that crazy dossier in
the democrat funded dossier Deripaska
left at them because he thought they
were kidding because the story is absurd
now okay none of this really matters
much so far there's we got some hookers
we've got some strange preferences and
bedrooms we've got some corruption okay
fine
everybody in the everybody in the world
has a plan to interfere in the u.s.
presidential election oligarchs frequent
a lot of hookers these are tales as old
as time nothing really special here what
matters here is that Robert Muller has
not mentioned Deripaska in the Manafort
indictment
despite their Espace cos being a central
figure in all of Manta for its dealings
with Russia so we've got this huge
wide-ranging Russia probe
we've got manna Ford actually being
indicted and yet the central Russian
figure here just doesn't show up on the
indictment that's a little weird we also
know that the United States has recently
instituted sanctions against Arab Aska
the duly elected government this is
coming out of the White House has been
dealing very harshly with Deripaska but
the unelected anti-constitutional
bureaucracy has been playing softball
with him
now why would robert muller play
softball with Deripaska well Muller as
the director of the FBI asked a Russian
oligarch to underwrite an FBI operation
to get around US laws Muller tried to do
something indirectly that he was
explicitly prohibited from doing
directly now okay he's trying to subvert
the law he's trying it okay that that
doesn't look good
but then what really matters is the quid
pro quo here because if you're not
familiar with Russian oligarchs one one
neck characteristic of them is they
don't generally do favors in exchange
for nothing they don't do things out of
the goodness of their heart Russian
oligarchs are not known for the goodness
of their hearts so so the question is
what did Deripaska get or expect in
return for his twenty five million
dollar donation to Muller's FBI maybe I
don't know does that explain why this
particular Russian oligarch didn't turn
up on Muller's indictments maybe maybe
did Muller I want to avoid the
transparency that is required by law I
don't know let's ask all of the experts
on this of across the political aisle
that's what Harvard Law Professor Alan
Dershowitz is saying Alan Dershowitz
thinks this was a way to avoid
transparency because he might have
broken the law
melanie sloan who's who's a former
justice department lawyer for Bill
Clinton former Clinton administration
lawyer she wonders if the the first FBI
operation was even legal because that
first FBI operation where the FBI asked
the Russians to fund this this operation
it looks like it violated the
anti-deficiency Act which prohibits the
government from accepting voluntary
services and the reason it does that
makes perfect sense because then there's
an obligation there's a debt to be paid
off and it gets really tricky down the
line when you start indicted people for
Russian collusion but you don't indict
the central Russian oligarch GW
constitutional law professor Jonathan
Turley he thinks exactly the same thing
this is not a right-wing conspiracy this
is not all this is not you know Sean
Hannity saying this on his show this is
a Dershowitz Sloan Turley these are all
people who have worked quite publicly
for Democrats but they're very good
lawyers and this is their legal opinion
this is the best ending to all of this
isn't it isn't this the best ending to
all of this because this this Mulder
thing has been going on forever it's
been going on I don't know since that I
think the Coolidge administration at
this point but it either was the FBI
investigation then it was a Muller thing
it's basically the one-year anniversary
of the Muller investigation and now the
punchline is robert muller colluded with
the russians it's just what credibility
does he have what credibility does this
investigation now have we know that it's
a probably unconstitutional it seems to
violate the supreme court's rulings and
i think the case was Morrison V Olson
both the the opinion and the dissent of
the court we know it's far too expansive
but also it seems that the even that
even in the carrying out of it they're
trying to avoid transparency they're
trying to skirt the law they're trying
to cover up possibly illegal actions
that were undertaken by the head of this
investigation ten years ago nine years
ago doesn't look like there's a lot of
credibility here but keep looking I'm
sure you'll find that Russian collusion
somewhere you might find it really
really close to home you might find it
might might actually be you guys who
were doing it really it really wild the
Democrat the Democrats pay the colluded
with the Russians and pay for this steal
dossier then the FBI seems to be
colluding with the rush
I think Donald Trump is the only guy in
this country who has not colluded with
the Russians Donald Trump may be the
last American who didn't collude with
the Russians unbelievable we got to get
to Dennis Miller before we do that I
want to tell you about a product that
has changed my life I'm talking about
dynatrap the dynatrap indoor fly light
this thing I am not exaggerating when I
say it changed my life
in Southern California we get a lot of
flies and fruit flies you know my
apartment is basically all just empty
wine bottles so you got all these fruit
flies around and you plug this thing in
it caught all of them it just caught
everything things that I didn't even
know we're in the air just caught them
this is such a good product summertime
is officially upon us the only thing
more annoying then well I don't want to
get too political about this but you
just heard my rant I think you get what
you get what I'm alluding to the only
thing more annoying than that is flies
mosquitoes and other insects invading
your home so we would like to thank the
sponsors at dynatrap the leading
manufacturer of outdoor mosquito and
insect traps now they've got one with
four indoors with the indoor at dynatrap
fly light it really works it works
immediately it is so so good
I'm I'm both a client and a customer
this is like the only solution I've
found to endure fly problems that
actually works there is nothing more
embarrassing and gross than hanging up
those that fly paper you know I used to
do that in New York and doesn't look
right when you've got company over and
you so Jay just duck all of the bugs
that are being ornamented from the
ceiling you know it doesn't look good
this looks really good really a sleek
and fashionable go-to dynatrap calm dy
and a TR ap comm enter the promo code
daily wire Dai ly w ir e and receive 15%
off of any of their products get it it
really works done throughout the safe
silent and simple solution to household
insect control ok in the age of Donald
Trump reality is funnier than absolutely
any sketcher stand-up act around
nevertheless we will get to a
professional funny man and one of my
favorite comedians Dennis Miller Dennis
Miller just launched his second weekly
podcast for podcast one it's titled the
Dennis Miller option where he discusses
headlines pop culture
and tries to make sense of an
increasingly nonsensical world here's
Dennis Dennis thank you for being here
nice to be here my friend how's your day
it's going very well that's going pretty
pretty nicely now you have one you I
don't know about you I'm having I guess
wall has two despite our listen soldier
on without Iran right now it's just
really hard do you think sure foot told
me there's when we were when we were
above the kill zone on Everest just put
one foot in front of each other and keep
moving somehow we'll get through this
together I I hope you know I was so
nervous because Ben Rhodes and Dan
Pfeiffer they assured me that everything
was gonna fall apart without the
cooperation of the worst regime on
planet Earth
I hope we can make it I hope we can make
it so long probably not without my
daughter the Betty Mammootty story is
when I was first introduced to lovely
bribe in Iran but somehow well soldier I
will truck along I now I want to talk
about another great foe of the United
States Michelle wolf now you have won
multiple Emmy awards you've won Writers
Guild Awards you've hosted a bunch of TV
shows you've hosted radio podcast the
Dennis Miller option you've also
headlined the White House Correspondents
Dinner back in the bush one years I
wanted to know on a scale of Hiroshima
to Nagasaki how badly did Michelle wolf
bomb I don't think she did in her world
right people listen have to understand
it's a completely it's a schism now
between the two sides I think on her
side she was a I never know if the word
is it feee D faded you know I think she
was probably praised my only thing was
when I read about it and I got angry
because uh I saw Sarah Sanders sitting I
said I'm going to see a man cry
I said I did not know who it was so I
put up a tweet about researching or in
getting back with a joke on Wednesday
which is when my podcast is and all of a
sudden it was like the it absolutely hit
the fan and I realized that the internet
really is the Wild West you
you put up something that Aradia would
say underwritten all of a sudden you're
like the old lady who goes over the
Horseshoe Falls with trash can and ends
up in the white water turned at the
bottom you're just getting dermabrasion
up and would do for a day or two and
then I realized I guess that's what the
Internet is about and when you were in
the crosshairs of it you should handle
it with a suitable degree of aplomb
because certainly I have people on
Twitter so that's it that's the way it
happens and it happens quickly it seems
like it happens to like well I saw that
tweet when you sent it out and I
immediately got it I got the joke you
know no one knows who this woman is and
you're gonna have to researcher and then
you can talk about it on the show and
immediately everyone pounces on you and
they say ha ha you don't have a quick
wit ha ha you know and I couldn't tell
if it was the left being obtuse or if
they genuinely just just didn't get it
and this this does bring us to it I
think the defining characteristic of the
Trump era which is that the left is
humorless these days and conservatives
during the Obama years conservatives
still had a sense of humor but now the
left seems totally totally humorless why
can't they take a joke right now I don't
know I you know I will say this when
Obama when Obama won and I want that
speech that first night in Grant Park
that I I think that's the party Chicago
and I'm not that much of a Chicago
benefit but then I saw those upturned
faces and people with all that hope in
that and I thought this will be good for
this country honest to god I remember
saying I hope he does well I'll give him
a few months here see but I don't I
don't think we're like you were laughing
that I put that thing up above I don't
think the Lester's handled Hilary's loss
all that well it's the simple truth that
I think that was such a lock in their
head that's all I can say is it must be
it must have been a kind of livin for
them I remember when i watch the Jacob
Javits Center that first night and it
was like a snowflake Jonestown and I
thought my god I have never in all my
years of having political opinions
you ever come within a Lightyear of
crying over a politician I never I don't
take it like that it's not that
important I you know I was uh you know
Obama's approach to it was not my
approach but he seemed like a genial
bloke like a good family man I didn't
agree with a lot of it but I I never
hated them I never wanted to cry that he
became president I was just looking at I
go I guess they've got more vested in it
on the secular side because they seem
genuinely you know devastated I just
don't get that devastated so can I speak
and say that there's nobody on the left
is having any fun with it no and I just
you guys are having fun with it but can
I say by and large the the left was
devastated by her loss yeah which is
surprising to me because I think she was
the ideal candidate it's not like Obama
lost their son anything he has charisma
he's a great speaker and like I said he
was of the ear uh you can understand why
that might have everything but Hillary I
mean Jesus say what you will about
Donald Trump but give him this I think
that his outer voice is indeed an
accurate depiction of his inner voice
warts and all well I don't think
Hillary's inner voice and outer voice
have ever even had a cup of coffee
together and so to keep people crying
about it I thought my god
something something happened here it's
bizarre they humorless about it I don't
know I think they're saying get to lick
their wounds a little more but up to
this point I would say that there's a
pretty reeling schism in this country
right now and whenever they the ones who
have just lost get a shot they're gonna
take the shot at you and that's what
that's the way of the world and it was I
love that phrase the snowflake Jonestown
that is when you look down at that scene
that Brooklyn scene when Hillary lost I
remember John Podesta came out because
she didn't show up she was throwing desk
lamps in her hotel room or something and
he comes out and he says thank you for
being here for Hillary she's always been
here for you except for right now the
only time it matters since she's not
here for you
they they were devastated and yet
that side is more secular the Democrats
booed God at their National Convention a
few years ago so perhaps they've got
some misplaced longings but when I
watched that set of michelle wolf at the
White House Correspondents Dinner
I didn't hear many jokes she told a few
jokes but what I heard a lot of is she
just accused people of being liars that
was like her punchline she said you're a
liar and you lie and you're a
disappointment to women and as though
that were sufficient to qualify as a
joke which I don't think it did how was
the culture of that dinner and politics
and political comedy how radically
different was it back in the early 90s
when you were doing it for George Bush
Senior first of all I would say that
whether you liked her jokes or hated her
just I don't think she did that badly in
the room am I am I missing the point no
you're absolutely right they did those
journalists were laughing yeah when I
listen to clips and when I saw people
cutaways would like they always do
people who laughing well a lot I think
yeah I remember one I missed it didn't I
i'ma still one year and I do remember
that being a bit of a train wreck
president didn't I miss coming it was
actually quiet in the room that's true I
mean they they did give it to Michelle
in the room I sort of felt it was that
distinction of claps not laughs that
they were going along with her because
she was saying things that they
politically agreed with even if she
wasn't reinventing comedy we might all
have selective hearing and maybe I need
E&M listen I'll have to defer to your
expertise yeah I remember getting some
left and I would say this I was
surprised to hear that nobody better
than because when I did it for Bush 41
I'm sorry I was I had to get my wazoo
armor-all I was so bad about though I
had the run joke by the White House
Correspondents people I had to run jokes
by the White House people and then when
I was in the green room I remember first
41 who's such a mensch
he comes up an exam with bars and I
don't say the f-word I know I mr.
president
Kevin will crank up an F word in front
so it was a bit of a different thing man
listen man the curtain comes down on the
culture now in the space of an evening
it can happen midway through an evening
in a commercial break the culture can
change back then one one is that I even
know when I did this 15 years ago 18
years ago I'm not being worried a little
bit well come on it's over fifty five
hundred days the world turns my own
around 15 seconds things go away or they
come back we're living but I assume it
was always like this even in primordial
days I assume this is human behavior
it's just now through social media the
entire world is privy to your synapses
reactions to things are animists our
collective consciousness it all happens
in real time almost all across the
planet I would say the big thing that's
changed the social media do I think
human nature has changed no I think
there'll be a point in somewhere way
down the line we aren't even here this
stuff like it's the Outer Limits episode
where David McCallum get the huge go and
they can just start talking to each
other via Fox and we can tear each other
a new ass I'll never even open our mouth
I think that's what's coming down the
road so I think right now all the things
is the Animus level of the consistent
throughout history sister right now
we're all privy to each other's Frank
you know well that's and that's
certainly true that the culture can
change on a dime speaking of cultural
changes on social media I don't know I
know you've been on Twitter a little bit
I've been perusing your Twitter feed the
last couple weeks you might have heard
of this fella Kanye West he's a famous
rapper apparently and he's been tweeting
a lot of very conservative sounding
things a very conservative though he's
tweeting out Scott Adams videos and
Thomas soul quotes and all these little
conservative YouTube videos do you think
that that reflects any change in the
culture no matter how short that change
maybe is or are the conservatives and
the right finally winning a little bit
of the popular culture with Donald Trump
and Kanye West or am I am i celebrating
too much and reading too much into it no
I think
listen next to war hold in the future
everybody will be famous for 15 minutes
which looking back on I had always taken
him with a bit of a grain of salt
because I'm not a modern artist man and
I always thought he was just the you
know I hang you know a studio 54 sort of
New York downtown scene guy when I look
back on that that is so Christian but I
think I should read more about him
because that's a pretty brilliant thing
to say the second was brilliant thing
I've heard or 1a is the brake parts
saying the politics are downstream from
culture right and I do think this Kanye
West thing listen up to this point in my
life my introduction my only knowledge
of Connolly Kanye West since I'm not a
hip-hop fan is that I remember him being
loaded on stage at an awards ceremony
with Taylor Swift and grabbing rewards
singing that's very boorish behavior
that's my take on him when I see what
he's done in the last couple weeks do i
lionize him as my new you know I need
fixture these are the monoliths in 2001
I don't think that but that's a pretty
important defection on their side hmm I
really think that uh I think he in the
in the lexicon of the day I think he was
tired of getting played
Mike Wright the Democrats are playing
african-americans and I I think that
things are starting to fall that's
really interesting when he did roll has
been out there for years on the front
lines of this I don't even think you
know just the fact that Kanye West is
reading on a saw but well good for you
brother because I like you curious mine
and Thomas all brilliant absolutely
brilliant man who they've been ignoring
for years so it's something is there
some fissure there yeah no I don't quite
understand why I don't hear as much
about it now this is it strictly on that
flash poll they did where Trump's
approval goes from 11 and the black
community to 22% the black community and
as maybe the people on the Left thing we
can't keep crucifying Kanye because
that's not going to play I just like I
like free thinkers I like people who
don't walk in lockstep and when he
stepped that like that I thought well I
now have another
but on Kanye West it's not just grabbing
a trophy off Taylor Swift yeah I said I
should learn a little more about this
because I think what he's done is pretty
brave and I think it's opened up an
amazing tributary of dialogue my bear
colder always said this country's too
afraid to have that conversation
all right well where's Eric Holder
coming forward in the last week or so
say well I guess somebody is not afraid
to have a conversation with him that I
yeah well I really think I hope that's
what Holder was referring to the fact
that this guy is not getting much you
know supply train support is a I think
that's very telling I think that's going
to help Kanye's cause more than will
help the liberal cause that is a really
good point and you you know you've been
a comedian and a amazing cultural
observer for for such a long time and
really one of my favorites have on this
point that you brought up a little
earlier on the boorishness of the
culture or you know the the f-word that
George Bush Senior he said oh come on I
got my wife here tonight don't go blue
or that sort of thing now it's not just
the White House Correspondents Dinner
it's not just Kanye taking that award
from Taylor Swift you hear it even those
Comedy Central roasts with few
exceptions are so often just a litany of
vulgarities and the most trying to
one-up one another of the most
disgusting thing to say we use a loose
language all the time now is there any
hope that the culture will rebound in a
way that gives us back a little dignity
or a little class or using language in a
nicer more elevated way or do you think
for the time being that might be lost
and we've got to navigate these new
waters that we're in I would be funny if
I commented on that I say the f-bomb all
the times my ass that's dry just don't
do it on air well except when I'm when
the job description is not but left to
my own devices I find it a good word in
my act like the day my balls are in my
act no I don't think I am but if I used
the f-bomb yeah I can't lecture anybody
on that but when I'm in front of a
president when I'm on TV and when I'm in
front of a corporate crowd that doesn't
need that
Sturm and Drang in their day is it very
easy for me to not do it of course it is
every time I do a corporate I say to the
guy so who's the guy who signs this
cheque and then I say to him do you want
it PG do you want it pg-13 and you
wanted R and if he says pgic fine
there'll be no swearing in it he wants a
pg-13 I say it's fine there might be a
couple swear words but I won't use the
f-block
I I just find it easy to ship that stuff
out and like I said is there is there a
new Vulgarian ism in the country I don't
think so
I think this is the way it has always
been in small crotches except our small
class now is the entire world due to
social media I really think that social
media never have lived less lived been
more chronicled the minutiae they're not
you we have to invent a word I'm not a I
think that might be Elizabeth one good
use of the native language this is all
the stream of consciousness for years
was either in our own head in our own
living room with our own friends at a
tavern or a bar or with a group of
like-minded people now everybody knows
everything about everybody and what I
say this social media has allowed us to
all come together as one and probably
realize there was never really any good
reason for that is a devastating but
accurate observation because it's true
when I tweet or I go on Facebook I don't
I don't feel as though I'm addressing a
crowd of thousands I feel like I have a
drink in my hand and I am spouting off
on whatever thing crosses my mind that
that is very true might makes you think
twice before you tweet Dennis before I
let you go you have this new podcast
it's very very good the Dennis Miller
option had just launched how's it going
and where can people find it well listen
I've done two and the third one's on
tomorrow Dana Carvey is up all right it
means you can download these on iTunes
and I'm just learning the lexicon so I
will spare you hearing me say we drop on
Wednesday like you know and like your
putting out and do a new album we we
appear on Wednesdays and you go to
podcast one I was bring a Sports one but
we decided to your riddle because I
found out that Sports is the most you're
gonna guess it seems to me unless you're
a big Dan Patrick or something like that
you're probably gonna get $20,000 people
were sending me emails but I'm not
saying they were shoveling them in the
lake : to a speeding train car but I
wasn't getting emails they enlisted I
like residency but I don't I don't like
sport so we're putting it into a more
generic thing called the Dennis Miller
option we're probably going to do two of
those a week the next one tomorrow like
I said it's an hour with Carly is
absolutely the best guest team our
t-shirt in the history of any sort of
medium and comedy it's my thoughts on
the world
it's my thoughts on policy it's just for
a stream of consciousness for an hour
there's just looking at it on iTunes and
I don't know much about the ratings but
it seems to be okay on there and we'll
see how it goes III think that you
pretty much have to crawl back into this
and say say out loud what you're
thinking and see who shows up for that
if it's enough they keep you on if it
isn't they whack you that's sort of
where it's really really good I I
listened to the first episode right when
it came out I am I don't want a fangirl
too much you know but I am a big Dennis
Miller fan myself and have been for
years so everybody I highly recommend
going out and getting the podcast yeah
absolutely
I'm blood you can't you can't see me
right now but I'm blushing even in my
swear the Italian skin Denis very hard
to talk to you that's something I
probably shouldn't tweet note to self
Matt Dennis thank you so much for being
here great to talk to you and I can't
I'm looking forward to the podcast with
Dana all right Thank You Dennis Miller
how cool is that guy on Saturday May
19th Dennis will be performing at the
Riverside Theatre in Milwaukee on
Saturday June 23rd Dennis will be taping
his next stand-up special at the Bijou
Theatre in Knoxville Tennessee Dennis
can also be heard on his other weekly
podcast red circle sports with Dennis
Miller with podcast one
and his twice daily syndicated 60-second
radio feature the Miller minute I want
to get some of those that guys got so
many podcasts okay I got to say goodbye
to Facebook and YouTube don't forget
don't forget the conversation is today
it's coming up this is it this is your
last chance to subscribe if you go to
daily wire.com right now you subscribe
you can ask questions during the
conversation that will be coming up for
real soon
5:30 Eastern 2:30 Pacific only
subscribers can ask the questions
everybody gets to watch but only
subscribers can ask many are called but
few are chosen
we thank everybody who is already a
subscriber you help us keep the lights
on it's very nice of you if you
subscribe you get me you get the under
Clavin sure you get the been Shapiro
show you can't ask pleasure the
conversation you'd ask questions in the
mailbag which you can go do right now
there it is now we I have been sipping
deep the John Kerry vintage for the last
week the Kanye vintage Kanye caused all
of those to pour in I'd been and those
were delicious I know I'm saving those
now for a special occasion because now
I'm on the Bob Muller in colluded with
the Russians vintage of oh that's that's
a really sophisticated brew and it is
best served cold because after a year of
Democrats trying to overturn this
presidential election now it looks like
they're the ones who colluded with the
Russians mmm serve it cold nice chilled
leftist tears mmm go to daily wire calm
we'll be right back to talk about our
vomit of culture
vomit 'iv I'm only I'm just covering
this story so that I can say the word
vomit 'iv the word of vomit 'iv is being
used to describe Lars von Trier's new
murder movie called the house that Jack
built it's a con Film Festival here is
the preview for the house that Jack
built the old cathedrals often have
sublime artworks hidden away in the
darkest corners for only God see the
same goes for murder
apparently that's the only eight second
clip of the movie that does not entail
dismembering children so that's all they
could use for the trailer in this movie
just debuted at con and it actually
prompted the moviegoers almost uniformly
to storm out of the theater in disgust
that's true just to point this out
because I should go without saying but
some people aren't familiar with these
festivals it's not that it caused an
audience of your sweet aunt Ethel to
storm out and disgust
it caused the attendees of the confess
tavallali van discussed the con film
festival attendees are some of the most
decadent debauched people on the face of
the earth they're all these show
business types their show business
elites how many times has Harvey
Weinstein attended the con Film Festival
one of the attendees this year Kirsten
Stewart took off her shoes on the red
carpet and walked in barefoot they are
debased people they're debauched people
and even they said that this movie is
too much one reviewer said of the film
he said that it is gross pretentious
vomit of torturous and pathetic that's
actually the review that Ben gave of my
show but it applies differently to this
movie because of how gruesome and bloody
it is another reviewer called it a vile
movie should not have been made
actors culpable as if to say the people
who just got the script they just played
their parts they are morally culpable
for how filthy and rotten and demonic
this movie is so what's the movie about
according to Rotten Tomatoes lars von
SIA his upcoming drama quote follows the
highly intelligent jack Matt Dillon over
a span of 12 years and introduces the
murders that define Jack's development
as a serial killer we experience the
story from Jack's point of view while he
postulates each murder is an artwork in
itself as the inevitable police
intervention is drawing nearer he takes
greater and greater risks in his attempt
to create the ultimate artwork of
dismembering children one viewer from
calm
not a reviewer but one of the people who
saw it tweeted out and said seeing
children being shot and killed is not
art or entertainment so this you know
people have been scandalized by artwork
for a very long time this is nothing new
but perhaps this has gone too far
perhaps who knows I haven't seen the
movie yet I've only seen the 8 seconds
which still have blood all over them but
apparently they're the safest to air I
think there's a silver lining here
actually for the culture you might ask
what is the silver lining to naming and
mutilating children the silver lining I
think is that the culture has turned a
corner because you you can keep going
down this path obviously a certain
material would be shocking even 50 years
ago that today would be absurd you know
Ricky and Lucy on I Love Lucy
they didn't sleep in the same bed
they're a married couple and they slept
in separate beds on the show because it
would have been too scandalous to two
out there to show them sleeping in the
same bed they couldn't use the word
pregnant that was a culture back then
now you just name and torture all of
these children on on screen and that
that's pushing a boundary slightly these
things can't go on forever
a grotesque culture will exhaust itself
eventually Jimmy Kimmel actually talked
about this yesterday he said I think
we've had enough of the Trump jokes of
the Trump hate we get oh you have you
Jimmy you hate Donald Trump but they've
just gotten to the end what more is
there to do how much further can you go
Kanye West is talking about this he says
you know everyone's just hating really
hard and hating and hating and mean and
mean and hating and hating
I'm gonna love people I'm gonna try
something different I'm gonna do
something that's that's not within the
popular culture Facebook and Twitter are
talking about this even they're offering
a bad solution because their solution is
censorship but they're talking about
this problem of just meanness and
craftsman and vulgarity people criticize
Donald Trump for being a little bit
vulgar but they themselves behave in a
much more vulgar way than the president
does maybe you know take a look at the
man in the mirror huh there's so much
meanness there's so much coarseness and
vulgarity Michelle wolf at that White
House correspondent stares so gross it's
so how much further can you go it's like
the experience of reading the marquee
Sode if you ever read at the Marquis de
Sade read a book called 120 days of
sodom and he's where we get sadism from
and sadistic so the Marquis de Sade's
both a pornographer and a philosopher
and you read it and you start to read it
and you think ooh this is a little oh is
a little titillating Oh yikes should I I
don't
should I be aroused by auteur no this is
and then you get to the end and you're
just so horrified and disgusted with the
material and with yourself it sounds
like this movie you know which is just
people are doing all sorts of depraved
things and it gets a violent vicious and
all of that and by the end you say ah
gross it's the experience I think of
whenever you really feast the flesh so
whenever you can just let's just use
Thanksgiving as an example you could use
more scintillating examples well let's
use Thanksgiving you go and you say okay
I'm just gonna eat as much as I can all
day so you start out the day just start
eating and drinking and eating pie and
Turkey and right by the end you don't
want to eat anymore you're just so fat
and full and disgusted with yourself
tired and you want to go to bed and do
something else this is true whenever you
face the flesh on anything it could be
sex it could be gambling it could be
drinking carousing whatever whenever you
just get exhausted by the end of it and
I think that's what the culture has done
here with crassness and meanness and
vulgarity that's not to say that we're
gonna have a really nice pristine
culture now I just think we've sort of
reached the end of it in some ways the
the Trump election might mark the end of
that and what comes afterwards I don't
know but you're seeing the culture
slowly starting to move in and if these
debauched depraved showbiz types are
gonna walk out of a movie because it's
too crass and vulgar and violent that
could be a good sign and things are
looking bright among all of the dead
bodies on screen and the husk of our
culture that things could be getting
better
okay make sure to tune in for the
conversation that will be happening in
like three seconds it's gonna be at 2:30
Pacific 5:30 Eastern Time so do that'll
be with Alicia Krauss and me and ask all
of your questions I won't answer I
believe been touted my conversation as
me staring blankly at the screen and
then quoting in a thorough
scure catholic theologian that nobody's
heard of that's probably what's gonna
happen so you know tune in and and I'll
just I'll give you this just straight
just it and then I'll quit some
theologian but you gotta tune in to find
out which one
I'm Michael Knowles this is the Michael
Moore Show I'll see you in like an hour
the Michael null shim is produced by
seniya Villarreal executive producer
Jeremy board senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer
Mathis Glover and our technical producer
is Austin Stevens edited by Jim nickel
audio is mixed by mic core Amina hair
and makeup is by Jeshua alvera the
Michael Knowles show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
