the media play propagandists for Hamas
Seattle passes the Amazon tax and the
Trump administration cracks down on
leakers I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
oh man so much news to get to you today
but first I want to let you know the Ben
Shapiro show you missed it we're headed
to a live venue this August I'm
recording my podcast live in Dallas and
Phoenix and you'll be able to see me in
person and join in an audience Q&A and
we'll also be doing a special VIP event
beforehand with in signing a
meet-and-greet for 200 superfans so
visit daily wire.com slash events for
more information presale tickets
actually are on sale today at 10 a.m.
local time so if you're a daily wired
premium subscriber he had access to
seats until May 17th at 10:00 p.m. and
that's when general admission go on sale
and tickets will run out fast if you're
not a subscriber this is indeed the best
time to subscribe so you can get one of
these tickets in advance again visit
dailyrx.com slash events for more info
that's daily wired.com slash events for
more info in August Dallas and Phoenix
be there BSQUARE daily wear comm slash
events and subscribe so you can get
those early tickets and we can meet we
can hang out it'll be we'll be best
friends it'll just be awesome now as I
say there's lots of news there's lots of
news breaking but before I get to any of
that news first I want to say thank you
to our sponsors over at zip recruiter so
your business needs better employees how
do I know because you are a business and
all businesses need better employees
well if you're seeking to upgrade your
existing employee base or if you're just
looking for a new hire zip recruiter is
the place for you they learn what you're
looking for the identify people with the
right experience and they invite them to
apply to your job these invitations have
actually revolutionized how you can find
your next hire in fact 80% of employers
who post a job on zip recruiter get a
quality candidate through the site in
just one day and zip recruiter doesn't
stop there they even spotlight the
strongest applications you receive so
you never miss a great match we use zip
recruiter here at the daily wire when
we're looking for new folks or when
we're looking to get rid of particular
producers don't sleep too easy guys the
right candidates are out there the super
critter is how you find them and right
now my listeners can try zip recruiter
for free just go to zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire that zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire zip recruiter comm
slash daily wire use that daily wire so
they know we sent you zip recruiter is
the smartest way to hire make sure that
you go and check them out and again use
that slash daily wire so you can try
them for free the best way to find your
new employee zip recruiter comm slash
daily wire alright so the media are
awful they're awful now I've been highly
critical of the phrase fake news because
I feel like it's overused I think there
a lot of people out there who use the
phrase fake news to mean news I don't
like but what we have seen over the past
48 hours
has been absolutely fake news from the
mainstream media who are just parroting
lines from Hamas at this point they are
just parroting lines from one of the
world's worst terror groups it is
obvious and it is disgusting really
horrify means nothing new in 2014 I was
on CNN in the middle of the Gaza war and
I actually told the CNN anchor to her
face that Hamas was in fact a propaganda
wing of what that CNN was a propaganda
wing of Hamas because it was clear at
that time when they were claiming that
Israel is indiscriminately targeting
civilians even as Hamas was hiding its
headquarters under a hospital and hiding
weapons in mosques and schools see Hamas
says this here it has a certain goal
their goal is to make headlines they
know they're never gonna be able to
defeat Israel in any military fashion
when they also know that Israel has no
interest in going into the Gaza Strip
again and deposing them because then
Israel has to run the place and they
don't want to do that so Hamas has it
kind of easy all they have to do is make
sure their own population doesn't rebel
against them and the way to do that is
by attacking Israel every so often and
getting a lot of glowing press from the
world and the world is happy to give
that glowing press because the world
despises Israel for the same reason that
the world despises America they say
Israel as a colonizing power in the
Middle East even though the history of
Israel shows that the Jews have been
there continuously for 3,000 years
no according to the left Israel is a
colonial imperialist power in the Middle
East
stomping its boot all over the faces of
the people who are there before that is
historically inaccurate but that is the
story that is told by folks on the left
wing and so anytime they can say that
Israel is acting illegitimately they
will do that and that's exactly what
they have been doing over the past 48
hours so first I want to start with this
headline from the New York Daily News so
the New York Daily News this is 15 the
New York Daily News put up put out this
headline this was their front page today
this is a blood libel and for people who
don't know what the blood libel is a
blood libel is the old anti-semitic
canard that Jews killed Christian
children then used their blood in
Passover matzos it was used as a as a
excuse to murder Jews and pogroms for
legitimately centuries and that's what
this is right here this daily news cover
because the idea here is that the Jews
are just happy to kill non-jews that's
the idea so here's what it says it's a
picture of Anka Trump looking very
pretty she was there at the dedication
of the new US Embassy in Jerusalem she's
dressed to the nines and the picture is
her gesturing to her to her left okay
and what she was actually gesturing to
was a
placard that is on the building that
says dedicated by US President Donald
Trump hey but the Daily News has put a
picture over that and the picture
they've put over that is a picture of
some wounded Palestinian being dragged
away by other Palestinians and then in
giant headline it says daddy's little
ghoul daddy's little ghoul
so it's Ivanka Trump's fault that Hamas
has now put up thousands of people to
storm the Israeli border in an attempt
to get people killed specifically so the
media will cover it this way so it says
daddy's little ghoul 55 slaughtered in
Gaza but Ivanka all smiles at Jerusalem
embassy unveil fu Daily News a few I
mean this is a blood libel it is it's
it's saying Ivanka Trump was Jewish
Ivanka just like all those other Jews
look at her she doesn't care if
Palestinians get killed she doesn't care
of innocents are having their bloodshed
she doesn't care about any of those
things and that's what's happening if
you look at the media coverage today it
is all that it's all look at these
innocent Palestinians being slaughtered
wholesale by the udin it's just terrible
how could the Jews do something quite so
awful now you're getting this routine
from Stephen Colbert right here Stephen
Colbert mocking Donald and Ivanka and
Jared Kushner also Jewish over the
Jerusalem embassy opening now the
president couldn't be there himself
because you know the angry people so
instead he sent peace treaty barbie and
collusion ken
jared explained that the embassy was
good for peace okay well isn't that
funny because he's got that they're
making fun of his high voice by piping
in somebody with a higher voice oh it's
so funny the entire media yesterday he
was putting this stuff on split-screen
they were putting on split-screen the
situation in Jerusalem with the
situation in Gaza now let's be real
about the situation in Gaza Hamas has
organized for weeks these riots at the
border in an attempt dramatically to
create footage that they can then use as
an excuse to claim that Israel is the
great oppressor in the Middle East it is
it is produced it is created this is not
a spontaneous uprising it's not a
spontaneous peaceful protest this is in
fact a series of riots directed at
invading the Israeli border and this
isn't just me saying this ok this is top
members of Hamas Hamas is the government
in the Gaza Strip notice yet notice that
yesterday amidst all of this chaos on
the Gaza Strip there was nothing
happening in engineering Samaria in the
West Bank
nothing Palestinian Authority they
weren't doing this so there was nobody
to border nothing was happening in
Jordan nothing was happening in Egypt
nothing was happening in Saudi Arabia
nothing was happening in Iran nothing
was happening in Syria nothing was
happening in Lebanon nothing was
happening which suggests that maybe this
was being produced for the cameras by
Hamas how do I know that it was being
produced by the cameras for the cameras
back from us well because the
Palestinians been saying this because
Hamas has been saying this so for
example let me show you let me play for
you a video of Hamas leader Yahya Sanwa
ok this is from early April is April 6th
okay I'm on translate I have the
translation in front of me from memory
ok here is Yahya Sanwa who is the head
of Hamas in the Gaza Strip he's the
governor he's the guy that of the
government there says we have come out
today
and we will come out also in the next
few days our people and our boys will
surprise the entire world with what they
have in store let them wait for our big
push we will take down the border with
Israel and we'll tear out their hearts
from their bodies peaceful protest guys
it's just a peaceful protest and if you
point out now Hamas is a violent
terrorist group and then the people of
the Gaza Strip elected
in 2006 to lead them this is in politic
you can't mention this this is a bunch
of women and children and babies who are
sitting peacefully and then the Israelis
started shooting them if you pay
attention to the mainstream media
coverage by the way it's not just Yahya
sin war this was yesterday a Hamas
official on al-jazeera explaining that
those were not peaceful protests these
are not peaceful protesters from Al
Jazeera Network a senior come out
sufficiently mahmoud al zohar again i'll
read you the translation when you have
weapons that are being wielded by man
who are able to prevent the strongest
army in the region from entering the
gaza strip for 51 days and we're able to
capture or kill soldiers in that army
is this really peaceful resistance this
is not peaceful resistance me saying
here's the option of armed struggle
diminished is it against a mass official
no on the contrary it is growing and
developing that's clear so when we talk
about peaceful resistance we are
deceiving the public this is peaceful
resistance bolstered by a military force
and by security agencies and enjoying
tremendous popular support
okay so Hamas is very obvious about what
they're doing folks they're not hiding
the ball here the media are actively
complicit in this anti-israel blood
libel in this anti-jewish blood libel
okay they are actively complicit at this
point in what amounts to a blood libel
against Jews suggesting the Jews are
indiscriminately shooting people on mass
it is a lie it is not true hey here is
tape of Palestinians attempting to
breach the border fence Israel has been
dropping leaflets all over Gaza saying
do not try to approach the border fence
or you will be shot that's because
they've been using the border fence
trying to break through the border fence
in order to kill Jews yesterday they
were saying openly there are
Palestinians who are telling the press
openly what their goal was there's so
funny the press was trying to say well
you guys don't really mean any of this
stuff right you don't really mean any of
this stuff on NPR one of the NPR anchors
a stay Gaza and with a kite with a
swastika on it why he was flying us kite
with a swastika on it
and he said the Jews go crazy when you
mention Hitler so Steve Inskeep was the
anchor he said he asked if he knows the
Israelis are using the swastikas
to discredit gazans right so the so NPR
trying to change the story into
well you know they're selectively
choosing your kite with the swastika you
know that's that's what they're doing
here so what is the Gosselin's he says
it's what we mean we want them to burn
they're not being subtle there's no
subtlety here
okay the Gaza Strip is filled with
people who want Israel destroyed and
want to kill Jews okay and those people
have elected people in the Hamas
government in order to do just that if
they don't like what's going on in the
Gaza Strip well they're supposedly
supposed to have elections now there are
a lot of people who are peace-loving I'm
sure in the Gaza Strip but not the
people who are approaching the border
yesterday those are not people who are
interested in peace and they're
certainly interested in being used as
human shields by Hamas there is no
question that this is what Hamas is
doing they've admitted this hey you can
see that these guys are bringing
sandbags toward the border wall and now
you see this guy this kid they're
sending out kids and teenagers to bring
tires to the border wall and then burn
the tires as a distraction is a
smokescreen and then you can see all
these guys hiding behind the hill
they've been trying to go up to the
border fence with bolt cutters and
trying to cut through the border fence
this is one of the things they've been
doing also Israel had experienced
yesterday a serious problem okay does
this look peaceful protests you it's not
peaceful prose I see the giant clouds of
black smoke that are coming from tyre
fires that are being used to obscure the
terrorist activities of people along the
border hey the IDF the Israeli Defense
Forces they tweeted out and they tweeted
out tape of yesterday of shooting attack
on Israeli forces you're told that
Israel was firing on unarmed people
the IDF tweeted out yesterday afternoon
the IDF received intelligence that Hamas
operatives were preparing to cross
through the security fence from northern
Gaza
I do have special forces arrived at the
scene and eight armed terrorists hurled
pipe bombs and grenades at the soldiers
and the security fence and they've made
the tape available for anyone to look at
online but we're being told by the media
that Israel is the real problem here
Israel obviously is the serious issue
okay all of this is just nonsense it's
just nonsense and I have more evidence
that it's nonsense in just one second
first I want to say thanks to new
sponsors okay our new sponsors are the
folks over at betterment so I'm a person
who has a financial advisor I have a
financial advisor because I'm not the
person who wants to sit there and check
through my investments and try to figure
out what's a good investment what's a
bad investment also just like anyone
else I have a tendency to overreact to
market conditions well this is why you
need a professional investment advisor
who is going to make sure that your best
interests are taken into account
betterment is the largest online
financial adviser designed to help
customers build wealth plan for
retirement achieve their financial goals
and it's not going to cost you an arm
and leg to have a financial advisor now
they have low fees hidden costs are
nowhere to be found at betterment no
matter who you are or how much money you
invest you get everything for one low
transparent management fee so they're
not making money off of you you know
trading in a bunch of stock instead
you're paying one low transparent
management fee the advice is in your
best interest they are your fiduciary
which means they make recommendations in
your best interest they're not
incentivized to sell certain funds
they're not trying to sell you on
anything this isn't one of those boiler
room movies these are folks who are
there to advise you on the best
investments to make and they don't make
money off of selling all of these
recommended funds then they have tools
to help you understand how you're doing
as well they offer personalized advice a
suite of tools to help you know whether
you're on track tint you're investing
goals or get the retirement you want and
when you need it their tools and
guidance can help you get on track
now listen investing involves risk but
one of the ways to help mitigate that
risk is by working with an investment
advisor and the folks over at betterment
do a really great job the Ben Shapiro
show listeners right near can get up to
we can get up to one year of Managed of
management for free up to one year of
management for free for more information
visit betterment comm slash Shapiro
that's betterment comm slash Shapiro
again betterment comm slash capiro
there's a reason that you should be
looking at betterment there's a reason
you should have a financial advisor I
have one you should have one too
betterment comm slash capiro and you can
get up to one year managed for free so
again betterment comm slash superior use
that slash appear up say no that we sent
you ok so again all of the evidence is
that Hamas is using human shields that
Hamas is attempting to create headlines
and they're doing just that they're
doing just that they're happy to do just
that
ok according to the Israeli Security
Agency yahia Ashley is a Hamas member
arrested on April 29th he told them the
Hamas was instructing its activists to
cut the fence that they want their
activity to be seen quote in the
international media as a popular
uprising and not as a violent action led
by its militants and that Hamas members
are embedded in the general population
for purposes of public relations another
Palestinian terrorists captured by
Israel said that quote Hamas militants
in civilian clothes encourage children
to try to cross the fence in order to
steal IDF equipment in other words Hamas
is using human shields they're using
women they're using children they're
trying to breach the fence their plan
here is that they the
they're not gonna breach the fence
they're gonna let women and children do
it and then they're going to rush
through into Israel and attempt to kill
as many Jews as possible nevermind the
FAMAS has participated in an ongoing war
with Israel since its election in 2006
they fought Israel in 2006 2008 2012
2014 and now hey never mind that it must
be the Israelis it must be these it must
be Ivanka Trump this must be Ivanka
Trump's fault you know before Ivanka
Trump know this was happening before
about the troubles like Hamas was an
evil terrorist group trying to kill
people it wasn't like they committed
homicide bombings trying to murder
people no no they would never do
anything like that
that would be crazy they're nice people
they're really great by the way here's
some here's some here's some of the
protesters chanting death to America and
death to Zionists yesterday very nice
people
death to the scientists
yeah just charming charming folks by the
way good indicator that you're not
involved in normal protesting when
you've got your face covered like that
because you don't want the Israeli
troops to know exactly who you are well
the White House did the right thing here
the White House said the Hamas is to
blame so here's a shot from the White
House doing the right thing what a
difference between the Trump
administration the Obama administration
the Obama administration constantly
looking for an excuse to blame the only
democracy in the Middle East for
defending itself but Raja
not doing that at the White House good
for him well we believe that you know
Hamas is responsible for these for these
tragic deaths that their rather cynical
exploitation of the situation it is what
is what's leading to these deaths and we
want them stopped and that obviously is
true charred Kushner said the same thing
yesterday at the Jerusalem embassy
everybody was was aware that this is
going on in Gaza and kosher said listen
the people who are provoking violence
are the problem that would be Hamas as
we have seen from the protests of the
last month and even today those
provoking violence are part of the
problem and not part of the solution so
the Trump administration has its head
screwed on straight the media of course
are happy to parrot whatever propaganda
comes down the line and show you some of
that propaganda in just a second because
it really is quite stunning
we'll begin with NBC's Peter Alexander
so Peter Alexander he asked at the White
House does the US approve of Israel
killing Palestinians at will those are
his words killing Palestinians at will I
will show you in a second that is Ray
not killing Palestinians it will but it
doesn't matter NBC thinks they are
because NBC is it is an awful outlet
when it comes to its coverage of Israel
here is again Peter Alexander White
House reporter questioning Raja about
Israel's activity so the be clear is the
u.s. not agree with the French the
Israeli authorities should exercise
discretion and just restraint we believe
that Hamas is responsible for what's
going so there's no responsibility on
that on the Israeli authorities kill at
will what I'm saying is that we believe
that Hamas as an organization is engage
in cynical action that's leading to
these deaths kill at will kill it well
so apparently they've been about 60
people killed those statistics are being
put out by Hamas so you never know which
ones are real and which ones are not the
same thing happened during the 2014 Gaza
war when Hamas put out all sorts of
statistics about numbers of civilians
who are killed it turned out the vast
majority of the people who were killed
were actually terrorists or terrorist
associates so here are some of the
pictures of the people who were killed
yesterday in Gaza his from Buren
straight so this reporter in the region
Gaza first martyrdom pictures coming in
1010 killed were members of Hamas is
internal security apparatus why it's so
indiscriminate it's just crazy it's so
indiscriminate sixty people were killed
and 10 were members of Hamas because I
know that in America if you shot 60
people indiscriminately ten would be
members of a terrorist group obviously I
mean let's be real about this if you
were to just randomly mow down a bunch
of people clearly at least one-fifth
one-sixth of them would be actual
terrorists maybe it's not that
indiscriminate gang Islamic Jihad by the
way three of them were members of
Islamic Jihad as well when they're still
identifying some of the other folks
their headlines yesterday about a woman
whose baby died and eight month old baby
died after she was after the area she
was in had tear gas why are you bring an
eight month-old baby to an area with
tear gas why in the world would you do
that that's I'm sorry that's under any
circumstance that's evil okay to bring
an eight month-old baby to a place where
you know tear gas is going to be fired
is the wrong thing - why would you
endanger the life of your child to stand
out there on behalf of Hamas it's just
crazy
but look how the media cover this stuff
again Hamas does this for a living this
is their stick it's all for the cameras
it's legitimately all for the cameras
okay so there's there's tape that is
going around today of a Palestinian
doing we see one of these pretty much
every Gaza war
it's Palestinian who's approaching the
fence on crutches and then the Israelis
start targeting him and he puts down the
crutches and he starts running as fast
as possible
okay amazing he's been cured it's a
miracle thank you Jesus he just did his
crutches he just threw them aside it was
a miracle or it turns out that this sort
of stuff happens routinely because the
Palestinians understand Palestinian
leadership understands the value of a
picture I remember about 10 15 years ago
during anything as the Second Intifada
there was a very famous thing where
there was a march where a Hamas member
was supposed to have died and they were
marching with his body and then the body
fell off of the stretcher and got up and
started walking because the person
wasn't dead at all they just knew the
cameras were on them this sort of stuff
that sort of staging happens routinely
it has been happening for twenty years
in this particular area the media don't
want to cover any of this because the
media want a narrative and media the
media's narrative is this is all Trump's
fault Trump is creating the chaos
ignoring the fact that has been going on
for literally months at this point years
at this point they want to make sure
that Israel is seen as the perpetrator
even though Israel is not the
perpetrator every country has to defend
its border particularly a country has to
defend its border when Hamas is spending
its spare cash and not just to spare
cash all of its cash building terror
Turner's tunnels into Israel to kidnap
Israeli children and Israeli soldiers
and murder as many people as possible
but apparently Israel's the bad guy
here's an MSc MSNBC contributor Eddie
Glaude who yesterday was was very upset
about all the people dead in Gaza while
Donald Trump is doing this and may look
for a deflection it's not necessarily
gonna help the midterms all that's
important
and all of those babies are dead all of
those people are dead they're dead and
and we're talking about race horses lean
the politics I mean a lot of folks who
are dead today okay so why don't we talk
about why all those folks are dead why
don't we talk about why all those folks
are dead instead we're just gonna shout
over and over those people are dead and
then pointed the Jews who again have not
been shooting anyone over there until
the Palestinians decided they were going
to rush the border okay they announced
this in advance this was all planned to
pretend otherwise is a lie and the media
are lying to you the New York Times is
lying to you Fareed Zakaria these are
all these people are lying to you
they're lying to you when they say that
this was spontaneous
they're lying to you when they say this
is peaceful it was not peaceful it was
not spontaneous it was organized
by Hamas with the explicit purpose of
attempting to generate these sorts of
headlines in the New York Times the
worst of the bunch yeah I have to read
you this this New York Times headline so
the New York Times is now saying that
the United Nations is condemning Israel
who the United Nations oh the
volunteered United Nations the United
Nations Human Rights office issued a
series of statements targeting the
Israeli government and of course the New
York Times immediately parroted them
they tweeted out a picture of a woman
hugging her dead baby again this is the
baby that was killed by tear gas because
this woman decided to obey the commands
of Hamas and go hang out where tear gas
was being fired genius and the New York
Times tweets out enough is enough
UN Human Rights officials said that
Israel's use of lethal force against
Palestinian demonstrators was
unjustified and could amount to grave
breaches of international law and then
they quote a bunch of people from the UN
they quote Rupert Colville who's the
spokesman for the UN High Commissioner
for Human Rights we condemned the
appalling deadly violence in Gaza
yesterday we're extremely worried about
what may happen later today we're JAXA
mamrie strange enough is enough now the
New York Times won't tell you who is
actually on the UN Human Rights Council
they won't actually tell you who's on it
it's 15 African states 12 Asian states 5
Eastern European states 11 Latin
American and Caribbean states Western
Europe and other states 10 the African
group is chaired by the representative
from Morocco the Asian group is chaired
by the representative from Saudi Arabia
and the Eastern European group is
chaired by the representative from
Azerbaijan so he does a bunch of
countries that love human rights all
three of those places are dictatorships
by the way the UN High Commissioner for
Human Rights
al Hussein is a member of the jordanian
royal family so they won't tell you any
of these things they won't tell you the
Human Rights Council has issued 135
critical resolutions from 2006 to 2016
and 50% of them were directed at Israel
they won't tell you that in the New York
Times they'll just pare it all of the
verbiage of the New York to of the of
the United Nations suggesting that this
was somehow a major statement about
Israeli policy Israel has not farted in
the last 70 years without the UN
condemning them that is just the way the
UN works the UN 1/3 of the UN is staffed
by the Organization of Islamic countries
okay which is like 58 60 countries all
of whom disagree with the existence of
the State of Israel to begin the New
York Times never reports that when they
talk about the UN now the UN is a
vaunted organization I love this from
Fareed Zakaria as well
the media bias Fareed Zakaria trying to
claim of course that the Jerusalem
embassy move is what provoked everything
that happened in Gaza and he says that
the embassy move was a major concession
to Israel is a major concession with
nothing in return the irony of this
statement is beyond words it was a very
non strategic move by which I mean to
say Trump is supposed to be the master
of the art of the deal it's very rare to
make a major concession to one side
without getting something from the other
this has been a prize look there are 86
countries that recognize Israel all
their embassies are in Tel Aviv this is
another this is a very big gift to
Israel you would normally imagine that
if it were part of a larger strategic
plan you would ask the Israelis in
return to do a certain number of things
settlement freezes may you know whatever
it is okay I love this that somehow we
have to the United States is supposed to
use the movements of the embassy to
Jerusalem as leverage against Israel I
don't remember for exact Araya
complaining too much about the Iran deal
in which we handed over 150 billion
dollars to the Iranian government in
exchange for nothing and exchange for
zero things they promised that they
would be nice and remember Fareed
Zakaria being quite that critical but
you acknowledge that Israel's capital is
Israel's capital and the Jerusalem is
sovereign Jewish territory and has been
since its inception and suddenly and
then we have to talk about real
trade-offs here we have to talk about
the political expediency of moving the
embassy to Jerusalem the anti-israel
bias and the media is palpable and we
have to examine why that bias exists in
the first place I think that the bias
exists for a couple of reasons number
one if you look at media coverage of
Israel up till 1967 it was very strongly
in favor of Israel that was because the
Jews were seen as the victims until 1967
so media was very sympathetic to the the
plight of the Jews after the Holocaust
and they believed that Israel should
become a sate and Israel should Israel
is a thriving country that was moving in
the direction of socialism in 1967
Israel not only defeats its enemies but
destroys its enemies and the six-day war
Israel pushes Egypt all the way back to
Cairo Israel pushes into Jordan Israel
pushes into Syria Israel pushes into
Lebanon it's an amazing military feat
and all of that was incredible and the
the left turns on Israel because now
Israel is seen as the great victimizer
suddenly Israel is a westernized country
that is moving toward the United States
and not toward Russia now it is it is
not a coincidence that the Russian
government the USSR government
began pushing pan-arabism and alliance
with with russia at the same time that
the West the Western Left began turning
against Israel this is not a giant
coincidence in 1967 the media turns
against Israel and they have never
turned back
and today the argument is that Israel is
the great oppressor in the Middle East
even though Israel is the only liberal
country in the Middle East the only
country where frankly Muslims can live
in democracy in the Middle East there is
no other Muslim democracy in the Middle
East Israel is the best Muslim democracy
in the Middle East and it's Jewish
country nobody else is voting Israel has
people sitting in Parliament who believe
in the destruction of the State of
Israel that's how much of a democracy
Israel is but Israel is the bad guy hey
Israel is the only place in the Middle
East where gays and lesbians can live in
peace Israel is the only place in the
Middle East where Christians can live in
a relative amount of peace ok Coptic
Christians in Egypt are having a real
rough time right now ok in Israel you're
doing just fine if you're Christian and
yet Israel is the target and Israel's
the target because again Western
civilization according to members of the
hard left is a bad thing that has
created oppression it's created an
intersectional coalition of victim
groups and the Palestinians are among
the victim groups the Jews can no longer
be among the victim groups because now
the Jews are the victimizers and
therefore everything that happens in
Israel doesn't matter if it's
self-defense doesn't matter if it's a
Israel just protecting its borders
everything has to be Israel's fault and
the media are going to continue to
parrot these lies this is why it is
incumbent on everyone to go out and do
their own research take a look at the
tape you'll see what you'll see just a
few minutes ago the Palestinians blew up
their own gas Depot they just blew up
their own gas Depot because they wanted
to demonstrate that Israel was brutal
they blew up the Palestinians under the
guise of Hamas the Palestinians blew up
a border crossing that was the number
one border crossing for shipping food
into Gaza and then they complain about
the lack of food in Gaza hey all of this
is produced for the cameras and the
Western media make it more likely the
Palestinians will die when they push
this stuff it's just here honestly it's
just terrible it means more Palestinians
will die means more civilians will die
it means that more Palestinians will
believe that extremism and violence are
a way to convince the Western media to
pressure Israel the media are really
complicit in something quite horrible
here it really is it really is just
awful ok so in just a second I want to
talk about the situation in Seattle
where apparently Seattle has passed what
they call their head tax but first
you're gonna have to go over to Daily
wire.com and subscribe so first let me
know
that the tickets that are supposed to be
on sale right now for the Ben Shapiro
live events that website is down for the
moment we are fixing it we're on top of
it about subscribers you should
subscribe anyway and you should grab
that promo code because you have from
now all the way until the 17th at 10
o'clock at night to get that exclusive
deal where you can buy tickets to our
live events plus if you are a subscriber
you get to take part in the conversation
where you get to ask questions to the
execrable michael knowles
that episode is today at 5:30 p.m.
Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific join me
Michael Knowles and Alicia Kraus on
Tuesday May 15th at 5:30 Eastern 2:30
Pacific for a new episode of the
conversation it'll be on Facebook and
YouTube for everyone to watch but only
daily wire subscribers can ask questions
like these is Hillary really your cousin
I love that I love that this is true do
you think history will ever be honest
looking back on Obama's legacy yes but
not anytime soon if the White House
offered you a choice to spend the day
with one of the Trump's who would it be
and why I'm going to say that's the safe
answer Oh was it Melania or well what is
your whiskey or bourbon of choice I
prefer scotch whiskey so my favorite
kind of whiskey but again that's that's
only for breakfast so Evan is asking
where do you get your dresses subscribe
to daily wired.com to ask questions and
join the conversation on may 15th I'll
see you then oh gods if you want to
spend time with that then go over and
check it out and subscribe you can ask
questions to Michael moles I also can be
part of our mailbag which is happening
on Friday but the biggest thing of
course is that if you subscribe right
now then you get early access to our
events in Dallas and Phoenix we're going
to be adding new events to the calendar
as well and subscribers are going to
have access to those events early too
that's one of the magical benefits of
becoming a subscriber the annual
subscription is $99 a year not $9.99 a
month you get this as well the leftist
cheers hot or cold tumblr it is
fantastic if you just want to listen
later iTunes SoundCloud YouTube
subscribe leave us a review we always
have great stuff coming out we are the
largest fastest growing conservative
podcast in the nation
all righty so meanwhile Seattle has
decided that a great job a great a great
idea would be to put a head tax on the
major the on the biggest company in
their City so I used to do a radio show
in Seattle specifically for a Katie th
in Seattle which is also a station that
carries the show and and Katie th but
one of the things that we did is we do
debate with shamah San Juan Chama San
Juan is a City Councilwoman for CIO
she's an open socialist she's a person
who actually said that the Boeing plant
should be taken over okay and the Boeing
plan should make civilian airliners you
take everything that was being made for
the military and convert it to civilian
airliners I believe is what she said
about Boeing she is a kind of crazy
person I did a debate with her about
minimum wage she was the leader of the
$15 minimum wage campaign she was also
the leader of this concept she wanted a
head tax on Amazon the head tax on
Amazon would establish a tax have 275
dollars per employee per year on
companies with more than 20 million
dollars in annual revenue in the city
which means basically Starbucks and
amazon.com I mean those those are the
only two companies that make more than
20 million dollars in in Seattle at
least there very few the tax passed on
Monday its supposed to raise 50 million
dollars annually to fight the
homelessness crisis under the amended
tax Amazon will be on the hook for about
eleven million dollars annually rather
than the 20 million that the original
proposal would have levied here with
shamah San Juans trying to push the head
tax we're talking about taxing
identifies or the 10 percent or
somewhere in that range of the largest
businesses in Seattle so these are not
your mom-and-pop stores your local
coffee shops immigrant owned stores
we're talking about the Amazons the
Facebook's the Macy's the Nordstrom's it
the really top tier corporations that
are making historic profits and making
profits for their billionaire
shareholders so we're saying if you take
a small amount of those corporations
profits and you raise about 150 million
dollars every year you could build up to
750 permanently affordable units we know
the market has not solved the problem we
need to do something but I'm absolutely
opposed to small businesses paying any
tax
okay so small businesses shouldn't pay
taxes according to Shama so on but all
of the large businesses should pay all
the taxes Microsoft by the way of course
is also located in Seattle okay so here
is the problem the idea here is that all
this money's going to be tossed into
affordable housing and I know something
Seattle's problem with the homeless has
nothing to do with the fact that Amazon
is located in Seattle so yes there are
more people who are working in Seattle
this means that there is more upward
pressure on the prices for rent and for
home owning in Seattle but you know what
that would normally generate a lot of
building would it not right it would
normally generate a lot of developers
building things you know like building
new units they can take advantage of the
booming economy in Seattle and the fact
that Seattle is now a population magnet
one of the few population magnets in a
leftist state wouldn't that be wouldn't
that be logical well there's one problem
the City Council has also barred
developers from building new stuff so
that means there are no new units and so
the rents are going up it turns out that
when there is high demand and low supply
the prices are high also Seattle in an
attempt to not get rid of those
regulations in an attempt to avoid those
regulations Seattle has allowed tent
cities to crop up all around the city
just as in San Francisco if you walk
around Seattle now you will see
ginormous tent cities located on under
freeway underpasses
on there there's a situation a few years
back where a guy who was homeless fell
off a freeway overpass okay onto the
freeway all of this stuff has been
happening because Seattle has stupid
regulations with regard to housing and
they also have regulations with regard
to affordable housing that don't
actually put restrictions on the people
who can come into the affordable housing
so they have something called the drunk
dorms in Seattle where people go there
and they're still using drugs they're
still drunk they wrecked the place and
then they leave and Seattle has created
these enormous tent cities they've
changed regulations in Seattle so that
they can allow these ten cities to crop
up in residential areas and of course
people who live in residential areas
aren't super happy about the idea of
having a tent city full of homeless
people where disease can easily spread
in areas where they live but the Seattle
City Council because they're liberal
because they're so kind-hearted they've
decided it's not important to allow
developers to build more units no not
that instead we are going to tax the
hell out of Amazon now it's amazing is
that you see tech workers actually
protesting this because they understand
that it's quite possible that if these
taxes continue to rise companies like
Amazon companies like Microsoft if they
have to open a new outlet if they have
to open a new building they're not gonna
do it in Seattle they're gonna move out
they're gonna find someplace else that's
not going to tax them $275 an employee
so this was it this is really funny
they're a bunch of City Council members
speaking about the head tax and a bunch
of tech workers were out there actually
yelling at them no head tax
I mean look at these guys these are blue
collar guys we're in actual hardhats and
that is not a bunch of stage nonsense
these are a bunch of people who
understand that these businesses are
going to locate elsewhere it's always
amazing that there are so many folks on
the Left who are unwilling to see the
unintended consequences of their of
their economic actions they say listen
we have to be so sympathetic to the
homeless we've did we have to let them
sleep on the streets we do we have to
let them sleep and so what happened
homeless people from other places come
and sleep on the streets of Seattle and
then the homeless population grows thing
you know what we have to be sympathetic
what we really should do is we should
allow them to bring tents which will
haven't built tents well build tents and
then we'll bring resources to bear to
help them out and what happens the
population swells and I have thousands
of people on the streets of Seattle
living in tents they say you know what
probably all these people are here not
because there's a severe mental illness
issue with a lot of folks who are
homeless
not that there's if you're drug issue
with a lot of folks that are homeless
they're here because they could they
used to work at Amazon another
unemployed and they can't get a house it
must be the affordable housing crisis
now we don't want to let people build
new developments because that would just
spoil our water line I mean that would
support that would spoil the skyline of
Seattle if we were to have new
developments being built we can't do
that we certainly can't do that but what
we can do is we can take the businesses
that we do have and we can really tax
them to build affordable housing so they
build more affordable housing and what
happens much more homeless people show
up to take advantage of the affordable
housing and the businesses leave because
now the taxes are higher this is how you
clean out nice major cities you take a
major city that is booming economically
you slap a bunch of crappy left policy
on top of it and guess what happens
people leave businesses take off in the
state of California they've been seeing
this for years when you raise taxes
businesses leave when you create new
regulations businesses leap then listen
the climate in Seattle is nice like at
least eight days a year but that doesn't
mean that these companies are gonna stay
there for those eight days a year they
will move out just because they started
in Seattle doesn't mean they aren't
going to gradually move out and and
you're seeing that Boeing for example
which is located in the Seattle Tacoma
area
Boeing has started building plants all
over the country in other places where
they are not going to be cracked down on
by local governments this is why you
should not elect socialists to your
local government city of Seattle and
small businesses is the ideas that is
going to benefit small businesses having
all the consumers
all the people who work in Amazon buy
from small businesses having all those
consumers leave is not going to help the
small businesses who are located in
Seattle but again all that matters is
the intention and the people in Seattle
city government they feel so good about
themselves they feel so nice about
themselves
the reason I talk about Seattle is
because the left likes to use these sort
of economic policies writ large they're
always stupid they're always
counterproductive and that's exactly
what's gonna happen here it's gonna be
stupid and it's gonna be
counterproductive okay meanwhile
President Trump is very very angry about
leaking so as we discussed yesterday
there's a serious problem inside the
White House with people leaking to media
outlets outside the White House and part
of that is because the media are so on
top of everything that's happening in
this White House they love the rumors
they love the chaos it is their favorite
narrative but over the past couple of
days there was a leak that really hurt
the administration we're a relatively
mid-level staffer said in a meeting and
it was Sadler she she said in a meeting
that we they didn't have to worry about
John McCain's vote on Gina Haspel the
CIA nominee because McCain was gonna die
soon anyway they should have just come
out and finish the story they should
just said listen sorry never should have
said it it was it was a bad joke made a
made in a bad moment instead they didn't
and so this story continues now into day
seven which is really a waste of time
but Donald Trump has tweeted out quote
the so-called leaks coming out of the
White House on a massive
over-exaggeration put out by the fake
news media in order to make us look as
bad as possible but that being said
leakers are traitors and cowards and we
will find out who they are well part of
the problem for President Trump here is
that when it comes to staffing of his
administration the chaos in the
administration does start from the top
there's a lot of backbiting during the
campaign a lot of backbiting people in
the administration do not like each
other there are a lot of people in the
administration whore an odds with one
another and they know that there's
always an eager ear on the other end of
the phone one thing that you can say
about george w bush and something else
that you can say about barack obama
within their teams they inspired a
certain amount of unity and cohesiveness
have you talked to Dana Perino who
worked in the bush White House everybody
was basically on the same page they
understood the george w bush was the
boss and they understood that they were
not going to be able to turn against
each other and leaked to the press all
that often without Bush stepping in and
doing something about it the problem for
President Trump does the president Trump
actually likes the cast he's always
liked the governance by cast he sort of
sees his administration the same way the
Joker sees staffing up his his gang
right
Donald Trump's the kind of guy president
Trump's kind of guy who likes to break a
pool cue in half and and toss it in
front of three guys and then say okay
that I have room for one of you and that
sort of had from has always operated
he's done this with a lot of his
staffers for a very long time what
that's going to do is generate an
incentive for people who are working
under President Trump to leak bad stuff
about other staffers and try and get
them al stood on the basis of that now
what President Trump probably should do
is you should take everybody in that
room who is not a vital employee and
fire them you should probably fire
everyone in that room because apparently
well many people in the room I've talked
to some people who are in that room
apparently not a lot of people in that
room so that means that you probably
fire people and get away with it okay
and not only that you probably should
fire people because you need to send the
message to your own administration that
leaks will not be tolerated and that
this then this sort of this sort of
attempt to take down the administration
from the inside will not be tolerated
either now so I think that these are
deep state holdovers no I think what
this really is is a bunch of people who
don't like each other and they see a
warm air in the media and they are more
than happy to exploit that warm ear in
the media so again I think that
President Trump should do a better job
of staffing his administration and and
he should do a better job of cracking
down on leakers especially the ones who
are working for the executive branch you
can't really control what's happening
over at the FBI or the CIA too much but
he can't control what is happening
inside the White House for sure now
meanwhile the con film festival is going
on this is of course the place where
everybody talks about movies that no one
will ever see and one of the big movies
that's about to come out is a movie from
Spike Lee who has not made a good movie
since do the right thing it's been quite
a while since Spike Lee made anything
relevant well he's made a new movie it's
called black KKK Klansmen sure to be a
massive hit at theaters and apparently
the film is about race relations from
the 1970s to present and Spike Lee says
the film was quote on the right side of
history a phrase that I absolutely
despise there is no right side of
history there is just right and wrong
history doesn't have a side it's a bunch
of stuff that happened Spike Lee says
about President Trump that M effort was
given a chance to say we are about love
and not hate and that M effort did not
announce the M the M effing klan the
alt-right
and those Nazi M effers it was a
defining moment he could have said that
to the world that we were better than
that black click that KKK Klansmen is
built is based on an incredible true
story of black police detective Ron
Stallworth who infiltrated the KKK in
the
and variety is called the film as much a
compelling black empowerment story as it
is an electrifying commentary on the
problems of african-american
representation across more than a
century of cinema and this is being
hailed as a great movie maybe it is
maybe it's really good we will find out
in in very short order suffice it to say
Hollywood is not warming to President
Trump in any serious way
if Spike Lee actually wanted to make
things better perhaps you should reach
out to President Trump listen I think
criticism is warranted about a lot of
the things that President Trump has said
but I think at this point your best move
is to reach out to President Trump he
clearly wants to reach out to people of
on all sides at the very least you could
be reaching out in exchange okay time
for some things I like and then a thing
that I hate so today's thing that I like
so I'm excited about this is really cool
so my dad back in the early 90s has like
eight years old he wrote a musical about
the scarlet pimpernel the scarlet
pimpernel is of course very famous novel
classic novel about a British a British
guy who tries to go to revolutionary
France during the French Revolution and
spirit away aristocrats to save them
from the guillotine there's a very bad
musical version made by Frank Wildhorn
it is not good it was panned by the New
York Times for the reason it's garbage
my dad wrote a musical version the music
and lyrics for the Scarlet Pimpernel the
book was by a guy named Dave Waller
who's a good friend of my father's I and
the musical is really first-rate we put
it up on YouTube and you can listen to
the entire thing the libretto is also
available there you can click on the
link it will take you to the full text
so you can see what everybody is saying
and it really is a lot of fun here is
what it sounds like this is the
beginning of the scarlet pimpernel this
is the scene in the in the Revolutionary
Square where where aristocrats are being
beheaded and the population of course is
very excited about all of this
so if you like lame is okay then this is
I think better than lame is the music is
is more set to the time but it's it's
really good the lyrics are really clever
and you can check out the whole thing
over at YouTube and read the entire
libretto there I remember when my dad
was making this was really really cool
it went to a festival in New York and
then the wilds word version came out at
the same time as this and the wild herd
inversion had a lot of money behind it
but it is it's a really really good
piece of work it's an amazing piece of
work actually so go check it out the
scarlet pimpernel by my father and so
you can check it out at YouTube and give
it a listen ok time for a quick thing
that I hate ok so the thing that I hate
today
stormy Daniels has been hailed as a
heroine she's a she's a female
empowerment legend stormy Daniels she's
just a wonderful wonderful person who is
standing up to the predations of evil
evil men well it turns out that she has
some problems of her own
so according to Tasha rain who is
another porn star she tweeted out quote
I was inappropriately grew up in
sexually harassed by one of the men on
your crew November 15th right before my
B G scene which you were then made aware
of that day you continued to allow him
to stay on the set with no repercussions
I never questioned your directorial
skills so she says that she couldn't
believe that store McDaniels was talking
about how she was always so good for
women and you should stand up for
yourself and you should report it so it
was very upsetting to see her speak
there like that and I think but I know
the real you I was there I saw what you
did
she said it's tricky because I don't
even like store me I don't like her at
all she does I was sexually assaulted by
one of her crew members he grew up and
grabbed me from behind I spoke up
immediately because I was in the moment
I was so proud of myself she was the
director that day I went straight to her
and straight to the man that did it
had a conversation about whence the
owner of wicked pictures I did all the
right things and she did not handle the
situation appropriately respec
fully are professionally so it's a
little bit outrageous when I hear her
say things about how she is standing up
for women and wants to be a voice for
other women to be able to come for when
I was assaulted on her set and she
didn't give me any care attention and
didn't even send that man home
apparently this happened November 15th
of last year okay so this is pretty
recent said I'd always looked up to
stormy I'd shot for her before ran her
into her conventions we even traveled
once to Seattle at the beginning of my
career when I believe they were
considering me for a contract girl
position at wicked I know her so I was
stoked and she had some dialogue and
then she she says that Daniels was
basically making fun of the me to
movement in so many words talking to the
crew you know I could be seen as Harvey
Weinstein because I'm flirtatious with
my crew members and I can be
inappropriate and apparently rein was
uncomfortable but she let it go so all
of this suggests that storming Daniel's
may not in fact be the innocent decent
human being that we all thought she was
I can't believe it I am so shocked I am
so shot again does any of this justify
president Trump's behavior no but before
the media start slapping a slapping a
crown on this lady slapping a Hendra nun
a nun's habit on this woman and
declaring that she's a saint
they might want to take a look at her
history and Tasha rein speaking up and
saying well yes stormy Daniels not such
a great person
okay so we'll be back here tomorrow with
all the latest I'm sure that there will
be lots more horrible reports from the
media about what's going on in Israel
will have to debunk all of them and
we'll be up we will be back there then I
am Ben Shapiro this is the Ben Shapiro
show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Mathis Glover executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alex and Garo
audio is mixed by Mike Carmina hair and
makeup is by Jesuit Oliveira the Ben
Shapiro show is a daily wire for word
publishing production copyright for
publishing 2018
