another overgrown child former future
president Hillary Clinton she has not
gotten this memo she didn't get it she
is still going around just whining about
how she lost the election how terrible
everything is here's a clip of her
recently in Australia double-standard is
alive and well and it is more difficult
for women in public positions will we'll
talk about politics but it's true in
business it's true in the media it's
just true across the board because there
are expectations about women's
appearance that are deep in our
collective DNA so that people feel free
to comment either favorably or
unfavorably about hairstyles clothing
fashions and all the rest of it are you
kidding me
we are you that's your example you're
because you're whining making all these
excuses and saying I didn't win because
it wasn't fair ba Baba and the example
you're using of the double standard is
that women have their hair made fun of
when you ran against Donald Trump the
the man who possesses the most mocked
hairdo in maybe the history of the world
everyone since the 80s people have been
making jokes about Donald Trump's hair
but Hillary Clinton lives in this
fantasy world where everyone's against
her people only criticize women they
only make fun of women they only do what
are you talking about how about all of
the statues that went up in New York
showing Donald Trump's grotesque body
allegedly grotesque physique and all of
the cartoons and they're all no you're
just you're just first of all she's
isolated so everything is just in this
really tiny bubble for her but it's it's
not that it's unfair Hillary it's not
that other people don't get made fun of
and don't get put through the wringer
it's that they deal with it with any bit
of grace whatsoever which you have never
ever been able to do Hillary Clinton
went on by the way she said quote there
is still a very large proportion of the
population that is uneasy with women in
positions of leadership there is this
fear there is this anger even rage about
women's seeking power exercising power
okay so by the way when you look for the
video of this on the Internet where they
put this up the comments are disabled
that tells you all you need to know when
the comments are disabled it's because
the people putting up they know they're
like oh this probably isn't true this is
gonna get a big blowback isn't it oh
that so your first thought is just like
a good grief you know the second thought
is thank goodness this woman isn't
president because she hates her
countrymen and she's criticizing u.s.
foreign policy abroad she's criticizing
the Iran deal she's criticizing North
Korea it's a very unpatriotic and it's
her never-ending campaign this is the
never ending campaign but good I
actually I mean it's so disgusting it's
so undignified but keep going Hillary
keep going stay on TV I hope you do
people don't like this they don't let
you're turning people off from your own
party
