whoa one of the greatest clay finless
weeks on record I almost didn't come
back I didn't want to jinx it
Trump scuttles Obama's crummy Iran's
sellout moves our Israel embassy to
Jerusalem and the press reports on
stormy Daniels five top Isis leaders are
captured and the Press reports that
someone made a snarky remark about John
McCain in a private meeting
unemployment's that 3.9% and black
unemployment is at an all-time low and
the media's coverage of the president is
ninety-one percent negative my favorite
my favorite moment on my vacation never
mind the hiking the kayaking all that
never mind my favorite was while
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was in
North Korea negotiating the release of
three American hostages The New York
Times a former newspaper runs this
headline at a key moment
Trump's top diplomat is again thousands
of miles away so I'm looking forward to
future headlines from The Times like
just as world peace is restored Trump is
off playing golf with Kim jong-un or
even as the economy improves Congress is
giving tax cuts to businesses or just as
Jesus returns Christians are nowhere to
be found
I'm not sure the New York Times has
figured out exactly how the world works
yet but that's all right
neither have their readers trigger
warning I'm Andrew Clavin and this is
the Andrew Klavan show
hey it's great to be back what a we I
had a great week I was off in Central
Oregon I was hiking with my wife and
kayaking we had a lot of incredible
adventures we were on a one trail that
didn't exist because it had been snowed
under it was closed till June but we
went hiking on it but the only dangerous
thing I did I actually fell asleep at
the wheel for the second time in my life
I fell asleep driving a car I knew I was
dozing off and I said to my wife you
better talk to me to keep me awake but
my wife has the soothing sweet voice you
know she's a psychotherapist she's
everything she does is make people feel
better as she had to bunch me she
punched me on the arm and just barely I
was I was right on the verge of hitting
the divider and I pulled over into the
other lane it was luckily a cop wasn't
watching but that was the word I'm
hiking in the wilderness
then almost ran off so he saw
rattlesnakes all over the place but the
only thing that I did that was dangerous
was fall asleep at the wheel however I
did have my equipped toothbrush with me
at all times because quit you know the
best thing for your teeth it really does
keep your teeth much cleaner does a much
better job as an electric toothbrush but
like you know those those ones that plug
into the wall you just can't take them
on vacation they violate the weight
restrictions on the airplane they charge
you an extra 50 bucks for all right I'm
exaggerating but they're big they're
huge you know but qyp is this beautiful
sleek machine it's a battery operated so
you don't have to plug it in and it does
exactly what an electric toothbrush
would do it packs just the right amount
of vibrations into a slimmer design at a
fraction of the cost of bulkier
traditional electric toothbrushes and it
also comes with a mount that suctions
right to your mirror and unstick so you
use as a cover for hygienic travel
anywhere quip subscription plan
refreshes your brush on a dentist
recommended schedule you get a new brush
every three months for just five bucks
and includes free shipping worldwide
equipped starts at just $25 sorry don't
have
with me but it's a sleep beautiful
little machine and but if you go to get
quick calm slash Clavin right now you'll
get your first refill pack free with a
quip electric toothbrush and I know what
you say yeah this critters great be good
better your buddies but how do you spell
Clavin you spell it que la VA n no ease
in Clavin I make it look easy but there
are no ease in Clavin first rebuild pack
first refill pack free at get quip comm
slash Clavin it spelled GE tqu IP comm
slash Clavin so this has been what an
unbelievable week for Donald Trump
Donald Trump is now shading into
greatness he is Shady
he is very close to becoming a great
president had a great first year last
week it was it was just unbelievable and
while he is shading into greatness the
left is retreating into pure fantasy and
I don't actually blame them I don't
blame the left for you know sinking into
fantasy because reality is hard reality
is hard reality has a lot of cognitive
dissonance in it you have to hold the
different ideas you know you know what
you have to do in reality you have to
make you have to make binary choices you
have to say yes or no yes I'm gonna get
married no I'm not yes I'm gonna have a
kid no I'm not but all the choices you
know operate in a cloud of gray you know
a cloud where things aren't always what
they seem where things aren't always
perfect but they and Donald Trump i-i've
of or Donald Trump because there were
two people I feel it's my responsibility
to choose one of them I don't think I
can say well I live in California I know
it's gonna go blue because look at how
many people shout oh well Donald Trump
didn't have the popular vote right so I
wanted to contribute to that
I just thought one of these people I
don't like either of these people but
one of them is clearly better than the
other it was an important election with
that and in Scalia gone but I didn't
like the whole Trump the whole Trump it
was mean he was blustery he was a
braggart he talked about winning he
derided people who didn't have money as
losers he's a lot of things that I did
not like you know what talent is blind
talent goes where it's will where well
we in the arts know this you read Percy
by Shelley one of my favorite poets
terrible human being mistreated his
first wife so badly she killed herself
auguste rodin one of my favorite
sculptors he was also mistreated his
miss
as many mistresses one of the greatest
sculptors since ancient Greece talent
goes where it will go and by the way you
know who knows this you know who always
at the left the left didn't care that
John Kennedy was like banging every
intern who walked past they just liked
him they liked what he was doing they
didn't care about Teddy Kennedy you know
leaving his girlfriend to die that he
was the Lion of the Senate they knew
plenty - Bill Clinton another one
accused of rape doesn't matter as long
as he votes for abortion so they're very
very familiar with cognitive dissonance
the but suddenly when it's on the other
side when he had we have this guy who's
an imperfect human being a flawed human
being but he is doing a fantastic job as
president three point nine percent
unemployment today today today wait you
know what we should play this today you
know what before we do anything else
let's play the Trump happiness montage
right I mean come this was a week to
remember we got to celebrate let's do it
we're gonna win with the economy we're
gonna win with military we're gonna win
with health care it's for our veterans
we're gonna win with every single facet
we're gonna win so much you may even get
tired of winning yeah you'll say please
please it's too much winning we can't
take it anymore
I do pretty oh so pretty I feel pretty
and witty and again we have to keep
winning
he earned that one boy three point nine
percent unemployment five top Isis
leaders captured North Korea and meeting
it has been set and they've scheduled
they do nuclear denuclearization event
three hostages release the arena Iran
deal canceled which I think is a great
thing black unemployment is at its
lowest ever and in Jerusalem they move
today yet tomorrow I guess is the
seventy year anniversary of the founding
of Israel or as the Palestinians called
it the catastrophe or the disaster or
whatever they call it trump presidents
have been promising to move the embassy
to Jerusalem and recognize what is just
the case that Jerusalem is the capital
of Israel I think Abraham Lincoln
promised this I think in his Gettysburg
Address he said four score and seven
years from now there will be a country
named Israel its capital will be
Jerusalem and I will move the embassy
there but and every president doesn't
and may never do it
Trump said he do it he did it not I
don't believe one Democrat was there but
Lindsey Graham was there a couple of
Republicans were there and here's just a
couple of speeches that were going on
because this was this morning here it's
already evening there but a couple of
speeches that they gave at this at the
dedication of the new embassy exactly
seventy years ago the United States
under President Harry Truman became the
first nation to recognize the State of
Israel today we officially opened the
United States Embassy in Jerusalem
congratulations it's been a long time
coming in December of last year
president Trump announced to the world
that the United States would finally
recognize the truth that Jerusalem is
the capital of Israel
he also declared that we would soon move
our embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem
and just five months later we are
standing on these grounds while
presidents before him have backed down
from their pledge to move the American
Embassy once in office this president
delivered because when President Trump
makes a promise he keeps it we have no
better friends in the world you stand
for Israel and you stand for Jerusalem
thank you dear friends what a glorious
day remember this moment this is history
president Trump by recognizing history
you have made history coin have you this
is a commemorative coin with Donald
Trump's face and King Cyrus of Persia
because King Cyrus of Persia I think we
have a pick we have an image of it so
here there is King Cyrus of Persia is
the guy who after the Babylonian exile
was like 600 BC sent the Jews back to
Jerusalem so Donald Trump and Kings have
their pictures together for the first
time maybe not the first time in Donald
Trump's mind but a first meanwhile
meanwhile how is the press reporting
this there have been demonstrations
Hamas has been sending people say you
know these poor people the III feel for
them because Thomas says you got to go
and invade the border great idea you
know these guys go they invade the Gaza
border and some of them are getting
killed in the in the melees you know I
mean it's all on Hamas so ABC is now
reporting basically that Donald Trump
has ensured that the peace process which
was working so great it was such a great
peace process it had everything in it
except for peace it had the process but
not the peace so at but now it's all
over that this is we want ABC on Israel
it's cut number two almost every other
country in the world tried to stay on
the fence and keep its embassy
in Tel Aviv America is now seen by many
across this region to be siding firmly
with Israel killing any prospects of
peace now that the reaction was muted in
December when President Trump announced
his intention to move the embassy to
Jerusalem it could be very different
this time round when his daughter Ivanka
and son-in-law and advisor Jared Kushner
attend the official opening this week
and here's why it's 70 years since the
creation of the State of Israel that for
Palestinians is what they called the
Nakba catastrophe in Arabic what are the
potential national security implications
of moving that embassy to Jerusalem you
know Dan just as you said and just as
the end said you can certainly see more
protests across the region and I think
from my perspective having covered this
region for so long and people were so
hopeful at certain points during history
that there might be some sort of peace
deal this just has to make it nearly
impossible because you go in with any
sort of predetermination about Jerusalem
that is unbelievable she's mourning the
false hope that the peace process you
know had that the people had over the
peace process she's mourning the fact
that they this thing has dragged on
forever and people have you know at
moments have had hope oh now it's
impossible well since it was it never
happened it was impossible before maybe
now it is possible because it takes this
problem off the table hey you know by
the way if you don't know this Apple
News is the Daily wire is now on Apple
News so add us to your news channel and
you can get stories on-the-go just by
going to your Apple news story the other
thing you can do is of course you can
start to look as incredibly great as me
by going to Beachbody on demand yes I
hike I kayak but it got a workout and
Beachbody on demand is an easy-to-use
streaming service that gives you instant
access to a wide variety of super
effective workouts you can do from the
comfort of your living room 24/7 it is
great because it's got a history of
success it's the company behind p90x
insanity have ever done insanity
insanity is insanity you do insanity and
you the reason they call it insanity is
because you
working to go Saturday but it doesn't
work 21 day fix best trainers are on
here you get motivated by celebrity
super trainers you know like Shaun ta
chalene johnson tony horton best
programs a hundreds of effective
workouts for all fitness levels ranging
from bodybuilding to weight training to
cardio to yoga and even dance workouts
and you can do it all on your schedule
access at anytime anywhere you've got to
try the service because it's just it's
gonna keep you discipline doing these
great programs and keep you fit and
right now my listeners can get a special
free trial membership here's really what
you do you text andrew to three oh three
oh three oh 30 30 30 and you'll get full
access to the entire platform for free
which is kind of an expensive all the
workouts the nutrition information and
support totally free again just text
andrew to three oh three oh three oh 30
30 30 and get a Beachbody on demand
demand you can't have mine but you can
get your own Beachbody on demand so
Trump shades into greatness moving
Jerusalem moving the embassy to
Jerusalem the media and the left shades
into fantasy saying it's a war
what else is a war the Iran deal right
we end this Iran deal and you know the
thing that gets me about this is I kept
hearing people say matthew dowd was on
ABC saying this treaty he's broken a
treaty stephen colbert was like he you
he said you have literally broken the
promise of america but that's not true
it is literally untrue we never made
that promise there is a constitutional
way that you make a treaty the Congress
has got to validate that treaty it never
did this was just a deal made in a
backroom with between Barack Obama Iran
and Europe and that's all it was he was
perfectly within his rights perfectly
within within the realm of wisdom to get
rid of it in fact in fact David Brooks
of knucklehead Row one of the
knuckleheads on knucklehead wrote even
he in the most graceless possible way
indicated that Trump between North Korea
and Iran and by the way there's a
connection here because there's an
unconformity missiles and you know those
ballistic missiles are only been used
for one
thing they were being used for the
nuclear weapon that were going to build
as soon as they could get away with it
so that North Korea in order to make
friends with us is pulling out this
reports still unconfirmed is pulling out
of helping Iran remember this was the
axis of evil that george w bush was
talking about so here david brooks in
the most graceless way possible admits
that just maybe Donald Trump is doing a
good job overseas one of the things he
noticed with the president is that he he
comes from a background where basically
in the real estate business he worked
with a lot of thugs and he cultivated a
lot of thugs and he was a little tug
himself but in my view that helps him
for all his drawbacks understand thugs
and so North Korea he understood that
being tough with a thug produces some
results and we've had we're in a better
situation with North Korea than we were
otherwise he's been much tougher on the
Chinese and trade and a lot of people
think he's adopt the right policy
because sometimes you gotta just stand
up to people and in Iran I have very
mixed views about whether Trump did the
right thing but the President Obama the
argument he made for it which was that
Iran would would moderate and become a
more familiar member of the company of
Nations that has turned out to be
clearly false they're the most genocide
all nation on the face of the earth they
can export violence terror around the
earth and so Trump's standing up to them
at least has some legitimacy it's
possible that he understands people like
that better than people who have higher
SAT scores people who have you know
really graceless compliment but but
still still it's like dawning on David
Brooks a little cognitive dissonance he
may not like Donald Trump Donald Trump
may be a thug in his vocabulary in his
mind but Donald Trump is doing a good
job not so our friends at ABC they
declared war in Israel now they're
declaring war in Iran what's gonna
happen in Iran when they pull out of
this deal it's war on ABC there's a feed
Trump shades into greatness they fade
into fantasy here is ABC discussing the
end of the deal cut number one we been
to this rodeo before it costs us
thousands of lives and trillions of
dollars and it feels like we're going to
the same place again so all of this
human cries if this was a surprising
decision I think ambassador Bolton is
absolutely corrected that people who
really looked at the situation
understood that Trump was going to do
this arguably the folk
of his foreign-policy as matt said is to
move into a period of confrontation with
Iran in the broader Middle East and I
think that's what makes people so
nervous right now rather than a new deal
it's much likelier that there will be a
new war in the Middle East it's kind of
a confusing message because you look at
the way these two different nuclear
matters are being handled
you know kim jeong-hoon is offering some
kind of verification of their nuclear
program the Iran deal included some kind
of verification but that deals dead and
this deals moving forward there were
economic sanctions involved to bring
Iran into the world's economy that's the
same thing that we're offering to North
Korea but we're dealing with these they
don't feel congruent and also you have
two parties North and South Korea who
have already begun talking and already
begun trying to make peace this is that
was the health care bill this is
Armageddon net neutrality was going to
be Armageddon and now the Iran deal is
going to be Armageddon it but this time
they're serious this time by golly they
mean it it's this is really Armageddon
it's not like the other Armageddon's
that weren't Armageddon this is
Armageddon so we've got now we've got
war in Israel on ABC and we've got war
on Iran in ABC but in the real world
things are going pretty darn well and by
the way you know we also oh we've also
got war in Korea North Korea because you
know they're coming to the table they
released three hostages for nothing
basically just to make friends and this
this is also a problem John Brennan the
corrupt gasbag who helped Clinton as CIA
director he helped Hillary Clinton sell
this idea that you know at the end
there's what is the book call shattered
there's a book shattered that was
supposed to cover the first woman
president being elected and instead
obviously it covered the failure of
Hillary Clinton and in the book
shattered their there are scenes of
Hillary Clinton after the election
saying we've got to get the press we've
got to yell at the press and blame them
for my loss until they're willing to
sell the story of trumps collusion with
Russia that's what they did that's what
they did they just sold it and John
Brennan was out there helping by making
sure that James Comey went in to the
president to show him this steel dossier
full of hookers and so forth in Russia
and then then probably we don't know
this for sure but then somehow CNN found
out that this was happening and used it
as a news hook to reveal the steel
dossier none of which has been confirmed
so here's John Brennan on the Kim
jong-un and again we don't know what's
gonna happen with Kim jong-un but but
we're in with a chance at least
something's happening not in John
Brennan's mind it's Kim jong-un who I
despise because of the brutality that he
has put upon the North Korean people but
unfortunately I think he has been
masterful and how he has manipulated
perceptions and how he's manipulated and
quite frankly duped
mr. Trump I hope that a summit meeting
is going to result in a deal
organization of the Korean Peninsula
what are they I think they're probably
you know less than 0.1% this is
Armageddon it's Armageddon we got now we
got Warren Israel we got war in Iran we
got war in Korea this is terrible it's
awful and I can't stand all this war
it's really I'm glad it's only happening
on television because if we're happy
really begin trouble and meanwhile
meanwhile we've now finding out you know
this the New York Times which is
essentially an organ of the deep state I
mean it's now an organ of the
bureaucracy of the New York Times has
been doing these hit pieces on Devon
Nunez ooh new news or
new knives and meanies pieces on news
because newness is now extracted from
like with his fingernails has dragged
out of the Justice Department with rot
Rosenstein saying I am yeah I don't need
no stinking badges I don't need no
congressional oversight and Nunez ernoon
fists or whatever his name is has
dragged out of them this admission that
they had they had a spy in the Trump
campaign maybe before there was any
reason for them to have any motivation
to put a spy in the Trump campaign Kim
Strasse who has been fantastic about
this she was one of the first people to
break the story that it might be true
and now she's saying she knows who it is
here's Kim up until last week all we
knew was that House Intelligence
Chairman Devin newness had initiated a
new line of inquiry and was demanding
new documents from the Department of
Justice but then in their desire to make
chairman newness look bad and justify
why they were not giving those documents
someone in the government leaked a lot
of details about what was happening it
turns out he's asking about a top secret
government source who has worked for the
FBI and the CIA who is a US citizen
would seem to have some sort of
entanglement with foreign intelligence
agencies or maybe it's based overseas
and based on all those bread crumbs and
some reporting I've got a pretty good
sense of who it is and it does look as
though indeed there was an FBI attempt a
successful one to basically go out and
spy with a human asset on the Trump
campaign think about that for a minute
the President of the United States of
administration putting a spy in the
campaign of an opposing candidate I mean
think about that that is like that's
Venezuela stuff that is like really
Central America Cuban you know craziness
what what on earth was it but you know
this is this thing because the left is
living in a fantasy world of their own
making because they're living in a
fantasy world they think they're
justified in doing all this stuff
because it's a nightmare out there right
we've got weird war with Korea where war
with Iran we're at war in Israel I mean
you know in that fantasy world I guess
they felt justified in doing anything
but you know a little bit of reality
I mean reality has its own voice reality
is breaking through we have a piece up
on The Daily wire today let me give
credit Emily zanotti they pull a new
poll the Blue Wave is collapsing because
the Blue Wave was a fantasy to begin
with it never happened but Millennials
and minorities report declining trust in
the Democratic Party
why because they're loons that's why but
you know you know what guess what the
most read piece in the New York Times
was over the weekend most read you know
they have those things in the online
version of the New York Times which I
look at so you don't have to I sacrifice
for you I am a martyr for you I read the
New York Times so you don't have to then
the main the most read article was by
Gerard Alexander a professor of
political science at the University of
Virginia
it said liberals you're not as smart as
you think the point of this piece was he
says liberals dominate the entertainment
industry many of the most influential
news sources and America's universities
this means that people with progressive
leanings are everywhere in the public
eye and are also on the college campuses
attended by many people's children or
grandkids
this makes liberals feel more powerful
than they are and it's a double-edged
power liberals often don't realize how
provocative or inflammatory they can be
they're stuck in their bubble they're
talking to themselves liberals are
trapped in a self-reinforcing cycle when
they use their positions in American
culture to lecture judge and disdain
they push more people into an opposing
coalition that liberals are increasingly
prone to think of as deplorable in other
words if you're living in this fantasy
world where everything Trump does is
spiraling into disaster it's Armageddon
you know is it
what did Nancy Pelosi say let's hear
from Nancy Pelosi or her opinion on this
this is my gedan if everything is
Armageddon you're justified in hating
the people who do it you're justified in
calling the people who voted for Trump
racist you're justified in you know a
spying on another presidential
candidates campaign and while you do
that more and more people start to say
hey
you suck you stink you guys are terrible
people and then you hate them even more
so eventually what you've got is
professors news men in Hollywood talking
to themselves all the rest of us enjoy
what is turning into a great great
administration tomorrow Tuesday May 15th
at 5:30 p.m. Eastern 2:30 p.m. Pacific
all your questions will be answered by
daily what the Daily wires own Michael
Knowles and here he is to tell you all
about it
join me Michael Knowles and Alicia
Krause on Tuesday May 15th at 5:30
Eastern 2:30 Pacific for a new episode
of the conversation
it'll be on Facebook and YouTube for
everyone to watch but only Daily wire
subscribers can ask questions like these
is Hillary really your cousin I love
that I love that this is true do you
think history will ever be honest
looking back on Obama's legacy yes but
not anytime soon if the White House
offered you a choice to spend the day
with one of the Trump's who would it be
and why I'm going to say that's a safe
answer Oh was it Melania well what is
your whiskey or bourbon of choice I
prefer a scotch whiskey so my favorite
kind of whiskey but again that's that's
only for breakfast so Evan is asking
where do you get your dresses subscribe
to daily wired.com
to ask questions and join the
conversation on may 15th I'll see you
then alright and you got to get get with
Knowles quickly because he's going off
to be married and we'll never see him
again he's coming up on this very show
we're gonna talk about a little history
that is coming up but we got to say
goodbye to Facebook and YouTube come on
over to the Daily wire calm you can hear
the whole show there if you subscribe
you can watch the whole show there you
never have to be cast into the exterior
darkness where there is great wailing
and gnashing of teeth but for a lousy
ten bucks a month you can avoid both the
wailing and the teeth gnashing I heard I
heard YouTube was brutal on me last week
well Oh unbelievable YouTube is de
monetizing me and throwing me off there
they say you know what they do they
don't do this to the Young Turks they
don't do this to the left you know if I
play anything that comes from NBC or
anything that comes from someplace
they'll say oh it's a violation of
copyright pull it off and pull it off
they and they do and they do monetize us
for I don't even know what I'm saying
I'm such a sweet lovable person I don't
even know what they do you Joe
knock it off come on play fair play fair
everybody gets a voice all right Michael
Lowell is coming up come on over all
right NOLs you're back I'm back hey I
was I was hiking I was kayaking I was
driving my car into a divider of his
life usually usually these sort of
things like falling asleep at the wheel
you know half hungover and driving off a
cliff that's the sort of thing that I
would do I do not expect this from you
drew what we almost lost you
you know it's hilarious Ellen and I are
so crazy we do these things like we're
in the middle of nowhere I mean
absolutely nowhere and weather is moving
in and I'm going like maybe we shouldn't
hike and islands go oh come on let's go
so we go off in this hike and the
weather is coming in all and we're fine
and then we went off in this other hike
and Ellen is going there's no trail
that's covered in snow and I'm gonna
come on let's go so we go hiking off
into the we're fine nothing but we get
in the car like we were looking at an
inch from death you know now all it took
was just driving driving across Oregon
and that's that we almost this is true
like all of my millennial friends you
know they want to go to bed by 11
o'clock they don't they all we got obey
the rules whatever the clave ins though
they're out all night they're driving
they're skiing that's healthy living
this and you sir are about to become a
husband I am I'm working on it she still
has a little while to just scurry away
you know and leave annalisa shaped hole
in the wall I think Shapiro is outside
the window with a ladder that's exciting
that's coming up it is yeah it's very
I've got to get all my bachelor to a mat
of me now which may I may end up like
you on your trip you know careening
somewhere but hopefully not hopefully
it'll all go well no it'll be great
it'll be great marriage a marriage was
certainly the making of me and if it if
anything can be the making of you it
would be the making of me the unmaking
of sweet little ELISA it's okay
everything has trade-offs in life so I
read this piece while I was gone about
Watergate which really I found
illuminating at this point in in terms
of what's going on now did you read this
in Bloomberg oh it was so good
this piece yeah I I was making the
rounds on the Internet
it was so so good
because in the reelection campaign for
Richard Nixon the slogan was President
Nixon now more than ever and that's kind
of how I feel bring it on right now more
than ever if people look at Watergate
they don't realize first of all
especially on the left that Watergate
was a political struggle they say oh he
broke the law it's apparently it's
against the law not to tape doors
correctly at the democrat offices so
there was this minor little dirty trick
and they they took down the president
over it and they don't realize what a
naked political battle this was as well
in 1974 when the House Judiciary
Committee voted in favor of three
articles of impeachment the Democrats
had a majority in the Senate in the
house so when Nixon resigned he said I
no longer have the political support to
maintain my position right he knew he
was going to be impeached so there's
this political aspect of it as well
but you know it was it was pretty naked
power grabbing people have been fighting
over this and it's not like it was some
great win for Democrats they got their
president they finally got Nixon they'd
they stole an election from him in 1960
they'd been trying to get him since sit
basically since he took down Alger Hiss
that's exactly right they hated him
since that they hated him because he was
a firm anti-communist and he was right
and they never forgave him for it they
tried to take him down for decades they
finally got him and then so they get him
in 1974 what happens six years later we
get the Reagan Revolution this initiated
a period really of 28 years of basically
conservative governance I include
Clinton in there one because of the
Gingrich revolution and two because we
reform taxes lowered taxes we reform
welfare right crime bill was basically a
conservative administration some decent
free trade agreements so anyway it was
really a Pyrrhic victory for Democrats
in 1974 it killed a quarter century for
them and we're seeing these same kind of
forces at play again as they point out
in that great Bloomberg article during
the Nixon administration the Democrat a
Nixon advisor Daniel Patrick Moynihan
said that the New York Times in the
Washington Post were hostile to the
American government and hostile to
American Society talked about how the
bureaucrats were working to undermine
the president and everyone said oh
you're being conspiratorial you're being
easy until a bureaucrat turned over
classified documents to the New York
Times in the Washington Post what are we
seeing today we're seeing the same thing
play out the media totally against Trump
the bureaucracy against Trump largely
and we're seeing huge overreach here
particularly in this Muller decision
there was a good piece in The Wall
Street Journal by Stephen Calabrese
you saw that piece that was by the
former assistant to ed Meese AG for
Reagan and a law clerk for Scalia and he
said that the Moller investigation is
unconstitutional it's simply
unconstitutional and it's
unconstitutional under the Morrison V
Olson not only the dissent in that case
but also the decision it's actually
unconstitutional by both sides Scalia
wrote a great dissent in that case the
case was about it really in the wake of
Watergate what these special
investigators and independent counsels
could do what their what the scope of
their role was and whether it was
constitutional at all to even have them
and whether it was constitutional at all
Scalia had a famous dissent where he
said this whole thing is
unconstitutional but a William Rehnquist
you know the future great as Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court he even in
upholding the Independent Counsel
statute he said that it has very strict
limits that principal officers must be
appointed by the president with the
Senate's consent and there's a
difference between principle officers
and inferior officers an inferior
officer is not subject to the Senate
approval has a boss this would be the
role of Robert Muller
Robert Muller has a boss it's Rod
Rosenstein the Deputy Attorney General
so rod Rosenstein is a principal officer
Robert Mulder is an inferior officer and
yet Muller is vastly exceeding the scope
of this investigation this is no longer
about Russia collusion they're getting
manna for it for some money laundering
they're indicted hole scores of people
for reasons that have nothing to do with
the purpose of the independence now they
clearly haven't got this they haven't
got the Russian collusion I mean it is
just it's just absurd healthy today that
Trump was like on the phone with Putin
you know like you're saying you know
when some one of those facebook ads
that's that's what's gonna turn that
and another another hundred thousand
dollars of Facebook ads I mean this
investigation has now been going on I
think since the Coolidge administration
they've turned up absolutely nothing
they don't have him so they're just
trying to get him on something because
you can indict a ham sandwich that's
what we're seeing this is a Muller
Muller indicted a ham Sam an imaginary
ham sandwich he invited a Russian
company that doesn't even exist you know
it's like I'm just thinking about ham
sandwich any indict addition yeah that's
right one of the best Muller gets is a
company that does not exist that is what
a perfect analogy for this investigation
so you look at that and you look at the
legal similarities between Watergate and
all of and the the Supreme Court
decision after Watergate but you look at
the political ramifications I think this
is why you're seeing certain Democrats
now saying well we're not going to
impeach necessarily Adam Schiff came and
said we're not exactly looking because
they saw what happened in the wake of
Watergate when the bureaucracy in the
media team up to overturn an American
election it doesn't work out well for
them right you know and it's the one
thing I always say this is about
politicians because people people are
outside of politics there's going this
guy's an idiot
this guy's a fool this kind of the thing
is politicians are good at politics they
are good at politics when you watch a
major league baseball team you are
watching the best people who play the
game when you watch the federal
government you are looking at the best
politicians in the country they may not
be good people they may not be good
administrators they may not be good
legislators but they're good at politics
and every single one of the Democrats
knows what happened at Watergate I mean
what happened basically is you know they
I was there I remember how much they
hated Nixon I mean it is like Trump and
Nixon was a flawed like Trump he's a
flawed guy he did have paranoia he did
have like old-fashioned attitudes about
things but he was a good civil rights
president he was actually kind of a
liberal president too too far to the
left for me you know but like he was but
he was not somebody they just hated him
personally and they hated him you're
absolutely right because Alger Hiss
people don't know the story anymore
Hewitt you know as always quizzing
people whether they've heard of Alger
Hiss
because it was a huge deal that that
this guy he was upper class he was
sophisticated and the guy who took him
down was a former you
communist spy basically named Whittaker
Chambers who was fat and grotesque and
didn't really fit in with everybody and
so the left just stood up for Alger Hiss
and he was guilty and Nixon went after
him and by the way have you ever read
witness have you ever oh it's one of the
greats in life changing book it is a
life-changing book nobody reads it
anymore it is like the must read well
right right on that list up there with
Edmund Burke or whatever ya up for
American conservatives it's so so good I
agree I agree what what are you talking
about with your shoulder today I'm
talking about how the kids are all right
you know are obviously in the during the
claimant list week yeah our pal Ben
wanted to sound a very pessimistic note
and some conservatives I knew I
shouldn't leave Downey gets like that
and very about how conservatives are
losing the youth and there are some
problems but I think things are looking
great I think recent polling shows that
we're experiencing a cultural shift I
and I think the kids are all right
not the grown-up kids who are these
Democrats who cry all the time and yell
and shriek but the actual Millennials I
think there's a good chance that just as
Ronald Reagan was able to do from 80 to
84 Donald Trump could win over a good
segment of the young voters for the
Republicans you know I really do think
you're right about this because as I
keep saying reality has a voice suddenly
these kids are gonna have jobs they're
not gonna be living in their parents
basement and that and the you know I
when after a Carter which was just the
most depressing period of my lifetime
politically I mean nobody had a job
people were so unhappy when when Reagan
rejiggered the economy and it took off
that way it's like laughing gas because
you not only have the good economy have
the contrast between the kind of Obama
economy was 1% growth and what are you
loyal yeah their new normal there's
nothing you can do they did that with
Carter too by the way you know it's like
the country is uncover noble it can't be
done it can't be done and then Reagan
was like oh yeah I can do this you know
when I did it and Trump's the same ways
like you know yeah yeah we can do - we
can do this we can do and and I I think
that that the kids are not stupid
they're just inexperienced and they do
see this and it makes a change I agree
with you about this I think I think
things are gonna be a lot better than we
think they are and if we if we win these
this midterm if the Republicans win this
midterm the resistance is over it's
/ if that I think if that happens
because history is so against us holding
the house if we managed to hold the
house somehow I think I'm gonna have to
just staple the magnet half to my head
oh that sounds like fun I'll help you
all right sounds like a good show thanks
a lot all right she drew a crappy
culture so here's something I just want
to talk about from my vacation all right
in Oregon where I was there is every
year a Shakespeare Festival in Ashland
this it's not just Shakespeare it's all
kinds of different theaters you know
they do kind of classic shows and
sometimes musicals but they also do a
lot of Shakespeare they have these
beautiful theaters they've built for it
there's a little town Ashland it's a
very beautiful little town but it's a
very very left-wing town it's a really
woke town so 10 years ago my I think it
was me my wife and my son Spencer went
to Ashland to see the plays and they
were great time yes we saw a fellow we
saw a couple of really good Shakespeare
plays we saw a couple of non Shakespeare
plays and then in a day we would go out
we went on a whitewater rafting trip
down the Rogue River was really fun so I
thought our way back to this time we
were going to Central Oregon to hike I
thought on our way back let's stop off
at Ashland see a couple of plays and
they were terrible they were terrible
why were they terrible it was because
you know there's such a thing they call
it in in the theatre they call it
colorblind casting which is where you
don't mind if he cast a black man in a
role that's usually played by a white
man I am deeply deeply in favor of
colorblind casting with one caveat okay
I'm in favor of colorblind casting for
one reason I want to see great actors
play great parts I want to see and if
the and great actors come in all colors
and there is this vast untapped reserve
of great actors who are black and they
were you know not white I don't want to
see you know King Lear limited to only
people who look like King Lear would
have looked I want to see all the great
actors I have an imagination I
understand if Denzel Washington is
playing King Lear and there Cynthia
would have been white and real-life but
I can I can get over that what I the
only time I don't agree with that is
when
colorblind casting confuses you so if I
can't tell whose brother is who or if I
can't tell that this is supposed to be a
mother I have to constantly be thinking
about it and translating it because
because the play is for the audience the
play is not for the actors the play is
not for the producers it's not for the
director the play is for the audience
when you are putting on a play your
purpose is to communicate great writing
great theater to the audience so in
Ashland they no longer have colorblind
casting they have reparation casting
they have awoke casting every single
part every single part is played by
somebody of a different color you know I
don't even think there were any white
men in it not only that but they're
printing on a Purdue production of
Oklahoma where the guys role is played
by a female so basically and we saw Jane
Austen I want to tell you about this in
a minute but we saw a production of Jane
Austen's sense & Sensibility and if you
ever want to see a great production of
that watch the movie with Angley if you
haven't read or you know if you've
already read the book watch the movie by
Angley and it is just fantastic this was
like it was like everybody was something
else
everybody was black there was a midget
there was there was I'm not I'm not
exaggerating it was like everything and
you know if the thing is Jane Austen's
world was a very specific world it was a
very specific British white world and so
these actors it's not the actors fault
it's not the actors fault they want a
job they're good actors but they were
miscast
and it was just it was just off-putting
because after a while what I was
thinking was you're not putting on this
play for me you're putting on this play
to show me how virtuous you are you're
not gonna be held back by the fact that
women aren't men by golly if women want
to be men they're men you're not going
to be put off by the fact that some
white people are white and some aren't
black and the actors part of what an
actor is is the way he or she looks that
is part of what an actor is just like
part of what we are is the way we look
and so that translates into the theatre
it's not colorblind casting when it
overwhelms the theatre itself and that
is really crappy culture I do have to
end on this note though Jane Austen who
is in my mind the only great female
novelist now there are female models who
have written great books right because
like Jane Eyre fantastic
Middlemarch one of my favorites act 2
excellent book but Jane Austen is the
only novelist who is up there with
Charles Dickens in the O Tolstoy
Dostoyevsky
of presenting a vision and a world and
it is such a powerful vision she was
writing about the virtues Alastair my
can't remember his name the guy right
after virtue of one of my favorite books
he he says that she was the last writer
in the Aristotelian tradition she was a
genius and so her characters I know
they're always looking for love and you
think of them as romantic stories but
they're really stories about virtue and
Sense and Sensibility is it's funny it's
a really anti leftist thing and when you
think about it cuz the emotional sister
is the one who's doing everything wrong
and the sister who says yes I have
emotions but facts don't care about my
commotion see what she's kind of a
Shapiro character and and she's the one
you want to see happy and in the moment
this woke audience watching this woke
play with his reparation casting which
was even making fun of itself it was
even making fun of Jane Austen by
putting in out and outmoded dances
anachronistic dances almost but that
moment when the man comes in and
proposes and gets down as Danny that
audience seriously the Guardians gasped
they gasped with pleasure it was like
Jay the power of Jane Austen just
overwhelmed all the crappy casting all
the virtues signaling all the leftism
and people understood what virtue is and
that virtue should be rewarded because
Jane Austen was a genius it was an
amazing moment but I shame on you in the
Ashland you've ruined the Ashland
Shakespeare Festival by your woke
casting to prove how virtuous and how
lefty you are instead of delivering the
play to the people all right that's what
I have to say tomorrow what do we got
tomorrow
Natalie Ritchie Oh terrific Natalie
Ritchie has written a really interesting
book called it's called like roar like a
woman is that the name of the book yeah
and it's about feminism and how it
elevates male values over female values
which I've been saying for a long time
she will be here tomorrow I will be here
tomorrow I hope you will be here
tomorrow
I'm Andrew Clavin this is the Andrew
Clavin show
the Andrew Clavin show is produced by
Robert Sterling executive producer
Jeremy boring senior producer Jonathan
hey our supervising producer is Mathis
Glover and our technical producer is
Austin Stevens edited by Emily J audio
is mixed by Mike kameena
hair and makeup is by Joshua alvera the
Andrew Klavan show is a daily wire for
word publishing production copyright for
word publishing 2018
