I truly truly believe this we men are
now part of something that is is
resetting the system
I really believe that the the whole
country the dialogue social media
everything got so out of whack so
haywire that Trump possibly was the only
thing that could have rebooted it but
we're now in the reboot phase that's not
a commentary on Trump I believe we're in
the reboot phase now you know it's like
when you press reset on Nintendo and you
get back to the beginning and now you
got to play again I think we've hit that
button and now it's like holy cow there
is fertile ground for good ideas so if I
can continue being part of that
conversation keep finding allies we're
three years ago I would have found
enemies keep being a part of what you're
doing what all of these guys who we've
mentioned ad nauseam now here are doing
it's like how cool is that it is really
neat you know it's fun yeah really a lot
you know I walk down the street and
people people first up I walk down
street people say may the force be with
you I mean that's amazing people
literally some guy was walking on street
the other day some guy just yelled out
classical liberalism and gave me a
high-five and we just kept walking I'm
like like ideas are taking root and and
let's look we live in crazy times so
let's try to fix it a little bit
otherwise what the hell are we doing
