there's an expert in Britain I love what
what now passes for being an expert it's
pretty spectacular this is this is an
expert in Britain trying to explain that
parents should ask babies for permission
to change their diapers is a sexuality
expert in author named Deanne Carson and
she was speaking to ABC News in
Australia and she was asked what age
clients she work so she said we worked
with children from three years old we
work with parents from birth and then
Carson explains exactly what she means
by that we work from children from three
years old we work with parents from
birth from birth yeah yeah just about
how to set up a culture of consent in
their home so I'm going to change your
nappy now is that okay of course the
baby's not going to respond yes ma'am
that's awesome I'd love to have my
nephew changed but if you leave a space
and wait for body language and wait to
make eye contact then you're letting
that child know that their response
matters um no okay as a parent to his
appearance of a four year old them two
year old one of whom is out of diapers
and the other one who will soon be out
of diapers I hope okay here's the truth
if you leave your kids to decide when
they want their diapers change they will
have diaper rash forever forever okay if
I let my two-year-old son explain to me
when he wants his diaper first of all
he's really smart so he actually does
like hehehe as soon as he goes to the
bathroom he immediately tells us like
right then he says okay peepee poo-poo
whatever and then we go and change him
but my daughter was not so much like
that right she she when she was very
young she was also clean freak and so
when she was a little baby she would not
eat until she'd been changed but as she
got older because kids do this she
started getting angry when you would
change her diaper and my son is starting
get to that age now to where he gets mad
when you change his diaper doesn't want
a saber change he thrashes around on the
changing table you know you have to do
force your kids to change their diaper
if you're not an idiot but apparently
being an idiot is an actual
qualification for being an expert on
parenting on national TV no listen I
don't want to I don't want a stereotype
this woman Deanne Carson I don't know if
she has kids I don't know who does her
hair but this is dumb okay this is
incredibly dumb and it's amazing what
constitutes expertise now the parenting
experts know so little about what
actually happens with regard to parent
with regard to parenting so many of them
basing it off of bad social science or
based on you know these tiny
uncontrolled studies that a lot of what
they have to say is just absolutely
counterintuitive and then they claim
that they are experts in science first
and these religious parents who do
things like change their kids diapers
without their kids permission you're
violating consent you're part of rape
culture if you change your kid's diaper
some such nonsense
