so what what did you actually learn from
the first time you went through SEAL
training because you join the military
and you decide to go to the hardest well
what everybody widely across America
knows the hardest training program
America what is that like the the myth
about SEAL training that part of SEAL
training is that you learn anything at
all because you actually don't it's it's
I mean you okay you learned some things
but it's a screening process what
they're trying to do is get rid of
people that don't want to really really
really do that job so it's it's
suffering you're gonna be doing you're
gonna be wet you're gonna be cold you're
gonna be tired and you're gonna be that
for extended periods of time and there's
an 80% of trician rate but when you make
it through you've you get to a SEAL team
and when you get to a SEAL team that's
when you start to actually learn about
being a seal that's when you learn the
tactics and the leadership perspective
that's when that's when you start to
become an actual seal getting through
the basic SEAL training it you know when
you show up at a SEAL team everyone
looks at you you come out of there
thinking you like you just said oh I
just went through the toughest training
in the world you get to the SEAL team I
literally checked in with a Master Chief
and he said everyone here has been
through that training no one cares
it's so it's very humbling when you show
up and that's when you start to learn
you start to learn when you get in a
seal platoon
