President Trump has now revoked the Iran
deal and this of course was supposed to
end the world all of human life would be
ended by President Trump pulling out of
one of the crappier deals of all time
we'll go through the Obama teams wild
dismay at all of this you know the
crying the sobbing could be heard for
miles around from President Obama's
house in Georgetown and you know my left
is tears tumblr just started filling up
right to the top magically it just
started filling up because of the
leftist years that were happening
because of President Trump revoking the
Iran deal a strong move by President
Trump a correct move by President Trump
here was President Trump what it looked
like yesterday what it sounded like when
he was revoking the Iran deal not only
does the deal fail to halt Iran's
nuclear ambitions but it also fails to
address the regime's development of
ballistic missiles that could deliver
nuclear warheads the Iran deal is
defective at its core if we do nothing
we know exactly what will happen in just
a short period of time the world's
leading state sponsor of Terror will be
on the cusp of acquiring the world's
most dangerous weapons therefore I am
announcing today that the United States
will withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal
and so here's the reason why this is
great okay what President Trump is
basically doing is he's saying listen
Iran you can have a nuclear program or
hopes aspirations for a nuclear program
or you can have an economy you cannot
have both because what this effectively
is going to do is to snapback sanctions
now as possible Congress may have to
pass new sanctions but that will happen
Congress will pass new sanctions against
Iran already foreign companies that do
business with Iran are being put in the
crosshairs of the u.s. of the US
financial system the companies like
Boeing that have just signed major
contracts with Iran those contracts are
gonna have to be revoked as well they
should be Iran has been using billions
of dollars provided to them by the
United States in order to pursue
terrorism around the world Iran has been
using all that money to build up its
nuclear program there their missile
program more specifically the nuclear
program has sort of been on hold but
they've maintained all of their
technology and they were just going to
relaunch that as soon as the deadline
was up which was going to happen
in 2025 anyway so Iran has been they
they built up the military I believe 40%
since the Iran deal all despite a a
massive decline in their economy well
which goes to show that these were not a
bunch of moderates the lie that we were
sold by the Obama administration is that
there were a bunch of moderates in Iran
and if we could just reach out to those
moderates in the Iranian administration
and if we could give them something like
money if we could just give them money
then maybe they would be emboldened to
make friends with us maybe they would
become friendly maybe they would stop
everything they've been doing with this
nuclear program and this is the lie that
the Obama administration sold it was a
lie Ben Rhodes admitted as much he
admitted there are no moderates in the
Iranian administration Hassan rouhani is
not a moderate
