so let's get to a really happy news
story Rosie O'Donnell is in trouble with
the law if justice is blind Rosie
O'Donnell may now be headed to the clink
we are joined for comment by President
Donald Trump mr. president your reaction
I like to see bad people fail
Rosie failed I'm happy about it she's
basically a disaster well she called me
a snake oil salesman and you know coming
from Rosie that's pretty low because
when you look at her and when you see
the mind the mind is is weak I don't see
it I don't get it I never understood how
does she even get on television I
believe Barbara made a terrible mistake
putting a run and I think Barbara's
probably paying a big price when you see
the mind you know you're totally right
mr. president the mind is weak the - we
saw Rosie apparently made illegal
campaign donations on five separate
occasions and when you don't into a
political candidate there is a limit for
campaign donations in this case I
believe the limits $2,700 and Rosie XT
exceeded it apparently vastly exceeded
it so you might recall you're having
deja vu all over again
dinesh d'souza the conservative
filmmaker and columnist he did this - he
did this exact same thing for his friend
wendy long and I was working races in
New York when Wendy long was running in
this race
Wendy long was his old pal from
Dartmouth she was never gonna win this
Senate seat in New York and he donated
$20,000 to her instead of the legal
limit so he donated over the limit one
certainly not enough money to make any
difference in politics and to a race
that was unwinnable it just wasn't gonna
happen
for this great crime dinesh for giving a
little extra money to his old college
pal in a race that was never gonna win
he was sentenced to five years probation
eight months and a halfway house and a
$30,000 fine the reason that Dinesh got
this usually these cases weren't
prosecuted the reason that he was
prosecuted and sent to the clink is
because he was a major critic of Barack
Obama he made these films against Barack
Obama he was a relentless critic of
Obama so he was selectively prosecuted
and sentenced to a absurd time for this
this minor first-time offense Rosie
O'Donnell has donated
way more money than that to many more
candidates apparently $90,000 in just
this cycle alone and then when she was
called out on it she claimed ignorance
she said well I didn't know what there
was a limit I didn't know what the limit
was the mind the mind it's just not this
Donald Trump says the mind is not so she
said I didn't know how was I supposed to
know I mean I know it's the law and it's
written on every campaign website and
it's actually by law clearly spelled out
but it you know if it was too much the
candidates should return the money but
as you might know ignorant of the law is
no excuse that's not an excuse not to be
prosecuted so will she be prosecuted I
don't know
usually the first time offenders don't
get prosecuted rosie is clearly a
multiple time offender here is justice
blind
