how do you know that you can trust
someone's judgement about a fact the
fact emerges despite their ideological
presuppositions okay so it's well known
that the social sciences and the
humanities have a have a left tilt and a
lot of that Stamper mantle and the tilt
has become more pronounced but as
Jonathan Hyde has pointed out there are
no conservatives among social
personality psychologists or none to
speak of yes very few vanishingly
feeling and if the field has a bias it
is definitely and indisputably a
left-wing bias okay so you have to fight
that if you're if you're a scientist
right even if you're left-wing scientist
you have to fight that because you want
to get to the facts it was these social
scientists who generated the data that
suggested that the gender differences
not only were real but that were bigger
in egalitarian societies they didn't do
that to grind their ideological axe
because their ideological presupposition
was no no you make the society you idiot
Aryan men and women get more of the same
it's like nope
make it more different Oh Ruth isn't
that something
