the situation that arose yesterday with
Alex Jones so this is just frankly
hysterically funny
so yesterday there was an announcement
by Alex Jones that Candice Owens and
Kanye West were going to appear on his
show and I tweeted out no no God no
basically right
no Kanye no no it was a joke right like
don't do it don't go out and don't do
Alex's show Alex is a crazy person right
Alex Jones is a nut job Alex Jones the
guy who thinks that the frogs are being
turned gay purposefully by the
government Alex Jones is a guy who
suggested that Sandy Hook was a false
flag operation Alex Jones is a crazy
he's a crazy person he's a crazy human
okay and I don't mean that in a clinical
sense I just mean that I look at him and
um what so and I don't think that I'm
out of bounds in saying this right I
mean if you spent any time listening to
Alex Jones this is not somebody who
seems like all the all of the lights are
on in the Attic shall we say well Alex
Jones got very angry at me for saying
that Kanye West should not do his show
because it would be a bad move for Kanye
West okay Kanye right now is trying to
do the whole let's have a reasonable
conversation with reasonable people
let's all get together why would you
want a fringe himself out by going on
Alex Jones a show now there are people
who say well what Kanye West is really
are who is that every argument should be
let in the front door everybody should
have a conversation okay I don't think
that's what Kanye West's argument maybe
he is maybe is if so then he should make
that clear but I also think that Kanye
West would easily be seen as a guy who
had fringed himself out the minute that
he went on Alex Jones so if his goal is
to open doors I think he closes doors by
doing Alex Jones the show that was my
basic argument it's the reason why I
would never do Alex Jones a show because
I think that Alex Jones again is a kook
and a fringe fellow this is not a
newfound belief go back to my interview
with Piers Morgan back in 2012 they came
right after Alex Jones has done an
interview with Piers Morgan then one of
the first things Piers Morgan tries to
do is lump me in with Alex Jones and I
say I'm not Alex Jones nor do I agree
with Alex Jones on many things okay so
this drove Alex to a distraction
yesterday apparently on his show I was I
was hearing about this and he did a
impression of me on his show and all I
can say is spot-on dude just spot-on
I mean just eerily eerily good here is
Alex Jones doing his Ben Shapiro
impersonation I'm very smart I measure
my words very carefully
you went down to the border you're not
Ben Shapiro Millie leaving what Judas is
listening right now please please share
the video get the word out there people
need and so a bunch of people are now
jumping onto the caravan and you're
gonna have more and more more people
showing up at the border trying to
fraudulently gain entrance into my god
it's like looking in a mirror I mean
just like the impersonation is so
spot-on Wow Wow I mean listen I'm as
critical of myself as the next guy right
I will say that I have the second most
annoying voice in America after Michelle
wolf but I really don't think that's a
very good impersonation by it by Austria
I feel like Alex can do better Alex I
think you need to up your game a little
bit I mean I'm not one to talk about my
impersonation skills but I will say that
my Alex Jones is significantly better
than Alex Jones as Ben Shapiro so here's
a flash back this episode was two years
ago maybe and and here's me doing my
Alex Jones impersonation a couple of
years ago this guy by the way is
considered a leading Trump ally Alex
Jones I don't wanna go to the cleaners
head off and that's why come on so by
the way the best Alex Jones
impersonation is actually Joe Rogan Joe
Rogan Joe's a fantastic Alex Jones
impersonation but I you know all of this
is crazy
and just another evidence that we are
living in an alternative universe
constructed by aliens in order to
torture us so I don't know why any of
this is happening but I both love and
hate it because it's really fun
