Rudy Giuliani breaks some interesting
news about president Trump's payoff the
stormy Daniels Hillary Clinton finally
stumbles on a true statement
accidentally and Democrats are actually
having some problems in the polls i'm
ben shapiro this is ben shapiro show
all righty so there is a lot of breaking
news on the Donald Trump stormy Daniels
fronts I'm gonna break Alden break it
all down for him and give you all the
legal information that you need to
understand exactly what's been happening
with the Trump pay off to the pornstar
the Trump ones had sex with and why this
is important or why it's not important
but first I want to say thanks to our
sponsors over at Birch gold so right now
the economy is doing swimmingly things
are really really good but that means
that you should actually be hedging for
the possibility of a downturn in the
future and one of the ways that you can
do that is by investing in precious
metals now I'm not a person who says you
should take all of your money and dump
it into precious metals because I think
that would be foolish I do however think
you should have a certain percentage of
your assets in precious metals
specifically because the government can
inflate the currency there's volatility
in the market and as we've seen the
market is bouncing around a lot even
though overall it is up now there are a
lot of people who are predicting the
possibility of a bubble bursting here
well if that should happen you'll be
happy that you put some of your money
with my friends over at Birch gold in
precious metals Birch gold group has a
long-standing track record of continued
success with thousands of satisfied
clients countless five-star reviews and
an A+ rating with the Better Business
Bureau contact Birch gold group right
now in your cup and you can request a
free information kit on physical
precious metals they the comprehensive
16 page kit showing how gold and silver
can protect your savings and how you can
legally move your IRA or 401k out of
stocks and bonds and into a precious
metals IRA if so you choose to get that
no cost - no obligation kit go to
birchgold.com slash Ben that's
birchgold.com slash Ben use that slash
pen to get the free information kit and
to let them know that we sent you as
well okay so rudy giuliani is the newest
member of the Trump legal team the Trump
legal team has been seeing some turnover
in recent days so Ty Cobb is no longer
with the Trump legal team he takes his
366 lifetime batting average and he
leaves the Trump legal team Napoli Roy
left along with him but he is he's being
replaced by a guy who was instrumental
in helping Bill Clinton fight
impeachment charges and criminal charges
so there is an upgrade I think in in the
legal house for for president Trump but
then Rudy Giuliani goes on TV and this
is real weird because remember that the
whole michael cohen scandal is the one
that is most likely to hurt president
Trump the Trump Russian collusion stuff
I really don't think that's going
anywhere I think that it's very unlikely
that Special Counsel Robert Muller has
any serious information that links
President Trump to collusion with Russia
over the election I think a lot of the
talk
obstruction is gonna be very very
difficult to prove it's more of a
political matter than it is a a criminal
matter so I really doubt that Robert
Muller has the goods on president Trump
and when I say really got I mean I'm I
would be astonished if he has the legal
goods on president Trump which is why he
wants to interview President Trump
because he wants Trump to fall into a
perjury trap kelan's president Trump's
you lied to him or fib to him or make a
mistake there that reveals something to
him so that means that if the real
threat is not robert muller to the Trump
administration legally then the real
threat is from Michael Cohen so remember
Michael Cohen is the president's
personal lawyer and his office is a
couple of weeks ago were raided by the
FBI
now the rationale for that raid was
supposedly that the FBI was looking for
proof of campaign finance violations in
the stormy Daniels pay off the going
legal theory was this Michael Kohn had
given a hundred and thirty thousand
dollars to stormy Daniels to shut her up
out and fair she had with Trump back in
2006 it was right before the election
and Trump said he knew nothing about it
so the legal theory was that Michael
Kahn had made an in-kind contribution to
the Trump campaign that the reason that
he paid stormy Daniels to shut up is
because it was the very end of the
campaign and he wanted to protect his
friend and so therefore he paid off
stormy Daniels and this was a campaign
this was a campaign payment essentially
a contribution that passes the $2,700
maximum amount that you're allowed to
give and so Michael Cohen had violated
campaign finance law now if Trump had
said listen I paid for it myself then
you wouldn't have violated that
particular campaign finance law because
Trump is allowed to spend as much on his
own election as he wants Trump and ended
up spending something like 66 million
dollars in the last election cycle on
his own elect effort so if he had said
listen I paid off stormy Daniels and
that was my thing and I'm allowed to do
that that would have been totally fine
so Michael Kohn was sort of on the hook
in terms of the in-kind contribution
question but if Trump had paid for the
thing directly and then revealed that to
the FEC that would have been no problem
which raised the second question did
Trump pay for it and if Trump did pay
for it does that get Michael cone off
the hook or does it sort of shift the
blame from Cohen to Trump so here's what
Rudy Giuliani said we'll talk about what
Rudy Giuliani said last night Giuliani
is of course a new member of the Trump
legal team and we'll talk about what
Rudy Giuliani said last night that was
different and stunning and new and then
we'll talk about the legal ramifications
of what he said so he was on with Sean
Hannity and he said publicly that
President Trump had
in bursts Michael cone for the stormy
Daniels payoff which is new because
remember their flashback Trump was asked
directly by the media about whether he
knew about the payoff to stormy Daniels
in his clip for and and he said no he
says no it's hard to hear him there
buddy but he says no so Giuliani says
basically that it's not true Trump paid
off stormy Daniels via Michael Cohen he
leased reimbursed Michael Khan now
there's a little bit of wiggle room here
but it's kind of hard to believe the
wiggle room here would be that Trump
gave a bunch of money to Michael Kohn
not knowing what Michael Cohen was using
the money for because he's just that
kind of a dude no I mean I don't buy it
I just don't think that that passes the
smell test
but here's Rudy Giuliani explaining I
knew how much money Donald Trump put
into that campaign I said 130,000 gonna
it gonna do a couple of checks four
hundred and thirty thousand when I heard
Cohen's retainer of thirty five thousand
when he was doing no work for the
president mmm I said that's how he's
repaying that's how he's repaying it
with a little profit and a little margin
for paying taxes okay so the idea here
is that Trump reimbursed Michael Cohn in
the months after the payoff
okay now that could actually be a
problem Giuliani then continued and he
tried to backpedal so he tried to
backpedal he try to say listen Trump
paid I didn't know what he was paying
for so Michael Cohen just sort of he has
sort of a slush fund and he used it for
what he wants to use it for so according
John Roberts over at Fox News Giuliani
said that while Donald Trump reimbursed
Cohn for the hundred and thirty thousand
dollar store migi annual payment
president didn't know what the money was
used for Giuliani says Cohn merely told
the president he had expenses for which
the president reimbursed him maybe I
kind of doubt it the White House
obviously is in a little bit of chaos
over this because they're not sure what
legal strategy Giuliani and Trump are
running together folks at the White
House seem to be out of the loop the
White House was asked about this last
night and here's what they had to say
we've addressed this many times sarah
has done that from the podium I've done
it on many shows Raj has done it as well
but what I can tell you about this
instance is it is ongoing legislation we
have nothing to say about it the
president has outside counsel and that's
how I'd have to refer you to okay so
they say Tom going litigation the
problem is that it was ongoing
litigation when Giuliani talked about it
publicly so it's very weird that
Giuliani is out there talking about this
publicly so what exactly does all of
this mean so there are three ways
in which you could theoretically violate
campaign finance law in this situation
way number one is that Michael Kohn
gives an in-kind contribution to Trump I
be giving stormy Daniels $130,000 in
this case the violation is Michael cones
right he's being he's a good friend
going above and beyond what you're
allowed to do in the middle of a
campaign now Colin's defense on this
would be listen I'm friends with Trump I
pay off his floozies all the time
I said nothing to do at the campaign
it's a little bit difficult to say that
because Rudy Giuliani then came out and
he actually said publicly that President
Trump had wanted this done because it
was October and this story shouldn't
broken right before the election so
Giuliani is not doing the president any
favors by running his mouth but the
original problem here was Michael cones
problem not Trump's the original problem
here was that Michael cone might have
violated campaign finance law by giving
too much money to the campaign even if
you considered that a campaign
contribution which it may or may not
have been hey now Trump steps in and he
says no it was me
right I paid off Michael cone so it's
not Cohen on the line anymore now it's
me on the line well yes and no so
there's two ways to read the law way
number one is to say okay Michael cone
is basically just a cutout Trump was
paying storm easy annuals Trump's
allowed to pay stormy Daniels but this
puts Trump in a little bit of hot water
because he didn't report the
contribution to his own campaign to the
FEC right so Trump theoretically if he
had paid let's say he had there been no
Michael Kony he just paid storm Janos
130 grand to shut up before the election
and then not reported that to the FEC
would that be a campaign finance
violation so maybe yes maybe no the case
for yes is that it's right before the
election it's a payoff that's meant to
shut somebody up right before the
election it sounds like it's a payoff to
shut somebody up right before the
election campaign finance contribution
right Trump financed his own campaign
and so you should have reported it the
counter is Trump pays people off all the
time exactly as the counter would have
been for Michael Cohen okay so that's
possibility number one right now in
terms of campaign finance violations for
Trump possibility number two is that
Michael Kohn is not actually off the
hook so the popular theories that Cowan
was off the hook now that Trump has said
he paid for it but not utterly clear so
George Conway who's Kellyanne Conway's
husband and who is in fact a prosecutor
he says he tweeted out a section from
the FEC website talking about personal
gifts and loans quote if any person
including a relative or a friend of the
candidate gives or loans the candidate
money for the purpose of influencing any
election
federal office the funds are not
considered personal funds of the cans in
it even if they are given to the
candidate directly instead the gift or
loan is considered a contribution from
the donor to the campaign subjects to
the per election limit in other words
even if Michael cone paid off stormy
Daniels and was reimbursed by Trump that
is now considered a loan to the campaign
by Michael cone which surpasses the
amount of money he was allowed to
contribute so he may still be in trouble
and he still may have made an unlawful
campaign contribution to President Trump
now all of this sounds like it should be
secondary to the major issue which is
that the president of the United States
was paying off a porn star in the middle
of the election cycle and then lying
about it to the American public for
months this is a serious moral problem
okay but this is not gonna damage Trump
in any way realistically speaking
because everybody knows what Trump is so
it's funny the left today they're saying
well you know why isn't the right
turning on Trump the right isn't turning
on Trump because is anyone shocked by
this is anyone surprised I didn't
believe for one solitary seconds that
Trump had not paid off storming Daniels
I don't believe for one solitary second
that Trump didn't screw stormy Daniels
I'm sure he did okay I don't believe for
a solitary second that Trump has clean
hands in all of this but why is that
surprising I mean he's Donald Trump this
goes to my my strong markets efficiency
theorem about president Trump which is
the president Trump everything is priced
in all the garbage all the nonsense all
of it is priced in so if Trump's at 49%
in the approval ratings right now and
he's somewhere in the forties all of
this is priced and none of this is
really gonna damage him in any serious
way just as the Monica Lewinsky scandal
only damaged President Clinton a little
bit because everybody already knew that
Bill Clinton was scum with women so this
is not a real shock at all but
nonetheless the media are treating this
like a major revelation because in fact
it is a serious problem for foreign law
right I mean there there could actually
be a prosecution on the basis of this
for campaign finance violations although
the predicate for such prosecutions is
pretty slim I remember John Edwards was
prosecuted for something very similar
after he did the same thing in 2008
election cycle if you recall John
Edwards had a mistress he impregnated
his mistress and then he had his donors
give a million dollars to shut her up he
was prosecuted on six counts federally
there's a hung jury and then the charges
were dropped
presumably this would be a very very
similar case although it's for a lot
less money and if you're talking about
people violating the the extent of the
campaign finance regulations
Barack Obama raised like two million
dollars through illegal donations in
2008 and he was never prosecuted under
any semblance of law so yeah well well
everybody on the Left is suggesting this
is the downfall of Trump I really highly
doubt that I have a little more to say
on this but first I want to talk about
Dollar Shave Club so our friends at
Dollar Shave Club make the best products
before your bathroom your bathroom has a
lot of junk lying around you got old
razors and they're all rusty and it's
just your bathrooms gross that's why you
got to clean it out you ought to get
just Dollar Shave Club at products Oh
Dollar Shave Club is more than just
razors it's better than shopping in the
store they have razor shave butter
shampoo body wash toothpaste they're
amazing butt wipes everything you need
so look smell and feel your best
I get that amazing high quality shave
every morning with the Dollar Shave Club
executive razor right here under the
jawline it is the best razor that I have
used em they have dr. Carver's shave
butter which goes on clear so you're not
slicing your own jugular and since the
SE delivers everything to you you don't
have to set foot in a store which is
great for those dudes who have
girlfriends who are married let me tell
you when your wife can't load up the
shopping list a bunch of stuff for you
to get because you're not going to store
in the first place great way to avoid
responsibility so Dollar Shave Club can
make that happen for you clean up your
bathroom and your morning routine join
Dollar Shave Club today and for just 5
bucks with free shipping you get that 6
blade executive razor plus trial sizes
of shave butter body cleanser and the
one wipe Charlies then you can keep the
blades coming for just a few bucks more
per month get yours at
dollarshaveclub.com
slash been again use that slash pen so
they know we sent you in style shave
club dot-com slash pen and you get for 5
bucks that six blade executive razor the
entire package and then keep the blades
coming for a few more bucks a month
really convenient dollarshaveclub.com
so the white house is apparently in a
little bit of chaos over all of what
Giuliani has had to say so according to
Politico Giuliani joined Trump's legal
team with a mandate to quickly and
aggressively stamp out the various
investigations dogging the presidency
instead he's causing you migraines for
the White House Giuliani appeared the
Sun Fox News host Sean Hannity on
Wednesday night by revealing that Trump
reimbursed his personal lawyer Michael
Kohn from one hundred and thirty
thousand dollar payment Cohn had made to
the porn actress stormy Daniels for
silence about an alleged affair the
statement along with Giuliani's comment
the Trump didn't know about the general
arrangements of the payment appeared to
contradict the president's denial of any
knowledge of the deal now the difference
here of course is that President Clinton
committed perjury Trump may have lied
but you didn't commit perjury because he
wasn't in any testimony right he wasn't
testifying before Congress he hadn't
talked to the FBI yet just
another reason why you should not have
the president speaking to robert muller
in the FBI if you do the chances that he
fibs at least a little bit are 197
percent out of a possible 100 percent
okay the chances the Trump says
something that is wrong in those in
those hearings I've been talking with
some folks from the White House and what
I've been saying is look if Trump is
subpoenaed by robert muller all he
should do is go in and say I don't
recall okay you and whenever you watch
the movies and you see people say I
don't recall the reason that that sounds
like an admission of guilt is because
you think that they're trying to escape
the truth but in Trump's case the reason
that you would say I don't recall is
because you can't actually be prosecuted
for saying I don't recall and Trump is
likely to step on his own toes and I'm
using toes euphemistically there and the
president the United States has a bad
habit of saying things that get in his
own way and so you don't want him in a
room with with robert muller for 12
hours talking about stormy Daniels the
chances of some sort of perjury charge
coming out of that are a lot higher than
Trump just going in and saying I don't
remember right this is what any lawyer
would say by the way this has nothing to
the PR the PR spin is a completely
different spin but the lawyer least
benefit any client that I had as a
lawyer if they were in this sort of
situation I would tell them you don't
talk to anyone right this is the first
rule of wearing if you're ever arrested
by the police okay I'm not talking about
whether you're innocents are guilty here
I'm talking about good legal strategy if
you are ever arrested by the police or
if the FBI come to talk to you your
first answer is always going to be I
need my lawyer and your second answer is
going to be I don't know I don't recall
I plead the fifth talking to the people
who are presumably going to prosecute
you is never a particularly smart move
okay this is not me playing OJ Simpson's
lawyer here this is me just saying that
any lawyer worth their salt would say
the exact same thing about any client
they had under any circumstances okay so
meanwhile damage control is underway at
the White House so Trump on Twitter has
tried to bring attention back to the
argument that such a payment would not
be a violation of campaign finance law
so this morning President Trump is
tweeting about it many tweets mr. Cohn
an attorney received a monthly retainer
not from the campaign and having nothing
to do with the campaign from which he
entered into through reimbursement a
private contract between two parties
known as a nondisclosure agreement or
NDA clearly Trump has his lawyer
actually tweeting for him in this case I
mean this is clearly not Trump tweeting
and he just it's it's obvious from the
grammar it's obvious from the syntax but
that's fine I mean what he's saying here
he's making his case
he says these agreements are very common
among celebrities in people of wealth
okay well I mean to be fair NBA's where
you pay off porn stars for having sex
with them well your wife was was just
recovering from a pregnancy is it very
common among celebrities and people of
wealth I mean it might be like some of
them do it but I'm not gonna pretend
that everybody does it in this case it
is full force in effect and will be used
in arbitration for damages against miss
Clifford Daniels the agreement was used
to stop the Falls and extortionist icky
accusations made by her about an affair
despite already having signed a detailed
letter admitting there was no affair
okay now it is important to note here
she signed that detailed letter
admitting there was no affair under the
terms of the settlement agreement prior
to its violation when Miss Clifford and
her attorney this is a private agreement
money from the campaign or campaign
contributions played no role in this
transaction okay so all of that is you
know that's trumps case right and then
that goes to the legal case that I was
talking about the suggestion is by Trump
that he was just giving Michael Kohn a
bunch of money didn't know where that
money was going Michael Kohn then used
that money out of the goodness of his
heart having nothing to do with the
campaign right that's the way that
everybody escapes legal liability here
it doesn't help Trump in the PR war but
I'm not sure Trump needs help in the PR
war because again Trump is Trump I mean
you can clock the guy with 87 porn star
charges and no one is going to care
because everybody already assumes he's
doing all of this stuff so White House
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
went on Fox in forensics and I think
this is a distraction and the
distractions of the American people I
think it's a real disservice to them
about not hearing about a lot of great
things taking place in the
administration well that would be true
except for the fact that Giuliani was
sent out there by Trump to say things on
Hannity again I agree there's a lot of
great stuff happening inside the
administration for example here's a news
story that nobody is talking about today
because we're all talking about Rudy
Giuliani three Americans held in North
Korea could be freed soon Trump tweeted
out yesterday as everybody is aware the
past administration has long been asking
for three hostages to be released from a
North Korean labor camp but to no avail
stay tuned so there's solid rumors today
that North Korea is going to release
these three people in the run-up to
their negotiations with the President of
the United States trumpet was apparently
referring to tony kim also known as kim
sang deuk an American teacher detained
by North Korea in April 2017 Kim Hawk
song known as Jing Zhu Zhong who's a
detention was announced the following
month and Kim dong-chul who was arrested
in 2015 then right now are supposed to
be in a North
in labor camp so now it appears that the
North Koreans may in fact be working to
release these three Americans is that a
Trump triumph well without any other any
other information sure of course it is
I mean without any other information of
course it's a trump triumph
now if Trump makes a bunch of
concessions to the North Koreans based
on that then of course it's not a
triumph but this is a very good story
for Trump just on its face it's a very
good story for Trump but the fact that
Giuliani decided to run out there and
talk openly about the stormy Daniels
payment is a distraction created by the
White House and it just gives more air
to people like Michael a vanetti who is
of course the the attorney for stormy
Daniels heaven Eddie has appeared in the
last month 59 times on CNN 59 times the
previous record been held by Adam Schiff
at like 10 but apparently Michael a
vanetti now has actually rented out the
greenroom like he actually has a
bathroom there he's brought in a
sleeping bag he basically just hangs out
on the set at CNN waiting for Trump to
say stuff and so Michael have an ad on
MSNBC yesterday he's also an MSNBC a lot
he says that he was speechless about
Giuliana's revelations you know
obviously he believes that this gives
more impetus to his claims that Trump
was innately involved at the stormy
Daniels payoff and there was a campaign
finance violation you know I have to
tell you I am rarely as your viewers
know rendered speechless but I am
absolutely speechless at this revelation
in this admission and I hope that your
viewers and I hope the American people
upon hearing this and watching that clip
they should be outraged okay I'm not
sure why they should be outraged except
for the trip except for the fact that
Trump lied but again
is anyone shocked by the fact that Trump
lied about about sex like again do I
think it's bad yes you know it's so
funny we're now repeating the exact
arguments from the 90s so the Democrats
used to say in the 90s about President
Clinton's sexual peccadilloes well it's
just about sex and then Republicans
would say no it's about lying and the
Democrats said well everybody lies about
sex well now just reverse the parties
and you have the exact same argument
being made by Republicans saying it's
just about sex and Democrats say no he
lied about the sex and we're sand and
Republicans are saying well everybody
lies about the sex okay here's the
reality not everybody lies about the sex
Trump is not good when it comes to women
he's a very immoral man when it comes to
his treatment of women in his personal
life he has been
forty years there's nothing new but
that's the point it's nothing new
okay end of story so is that gonna have
any serious impact on him politically
probably not unless something criminal
is on the back of this which I which I
seriously doubt sigh again I don't think
the case is quite solid enough now
meanwhile Rudy Giuliani wasn't just
talking about that Rudy Giuliani seems
to be setting up the possibility that
President Trump is gonna fire rod
Rosenstein the Deputy Attorney General
and then fire robert muller along with
him I don't think that Trump is going to
do that I don't think Trump should do
that but Rudy Giuliani is speaking in
rather militant tones about about Robert
Muller it's pretty amazing actually
here's Giuliani yesterday saying that
saying that saying that well first of
all Rudy Giuliani did say that Robert
Muller it was obviously trying to trap
Trump into perjury and then he was
trying to say that Trump fired call me
over over his failure to clear Trump
over Russia this of course is my theory
all along the reason that Giuliani
talking about all this being not
particularly useful is because all of
this is gonna come out in the wash I
really believe that if the
administration just sits and they just
sit and they wait and they don't try to
force things that Muller has no evidence
that Trump fired James Comey to cover
anything up because Trump wasn't
actually trying to cover anything up
there's been my contention all along the
reason that Trump fired James call me is
because he was pissed that James Comey
wouldn't clear him on Russia and I don't
mean that he wouldn't shut down the
investigation but that he wouldn't say
publicly the Trump wasn't under
investigation
Trump has basically said as much well
Giuliani reiterated that last night he
fired call me because Comey would not
among other things say that he wasn't a
target of the investigation he's
entitled to that Hillary Clinton got
that and she couldn't get that so he
fired him and he said I'm free of this
guy and he went on Lester Holt Lester
Holt interview was as good as anybody
could do better than I think any of the
people around mullet could have done
Lester Holt they asked him why'd you do
it he said I did it because I felt that
I had to explain to the American people
their president was not the target of
the investigation okay no that is
obviously true what Giuliani is saying
here but rehashing this entire case you
could see this easily as president from
sending Giuliani out there to make the
case that there's nothing from Muller to
find so we oughta fire Muller and
Giuliani
further than this he said James Comey is
a liar he called him a pervert which is
really interesting and I say here's
Giuliani going after James Comey hammer
and tongs I know James Comey I know the
president sorry Jim you're a liar a
disgraceful liar every FBI agent in
America has his head down because of you
well they lied they lied about his
conversation with McCabe
he knew all the McCabe's conflicts
McCabe should testify against him he
lied about his conversation with the
president he lied about the fact that
they talked about whether the president
was a subject or a target then he
immediately changed it okay so the
reality is that James Comey the one
thing he lied about is is the idea that
he didn't leak to his friend he
obviously leaked to his friend that's
that's James commies biggest lie but in
terms of general honesty I don't think
that James Comey is a giant liar I just
think that James Comey is is rather
spineless I think that James Comey is a
guy who had every step of the way was
madly incompetent and made a lot of
mistakes and then is acting righteously
indignant after he was fired for I think
pretty decent reason but the question is
why Giuliani's doing all of this now and
the answer may be that may be in fact
Trump is thinking of firing Miller now
if that's the case mr. president please
do not do this do not do this it will
all be okay don't rush the game and the
fact is that Robert Miller is gonna come
out one way or another with something or
nothing if he comes out with the stuff
as weak as it sounds like he's going to
come out with everybody on the right and
people in the middle are gonna say this
is a big fat nothing this has been a
witch-hunt this has been a waste of time
it's been a waste of money
firing him precipitously would only
allow the left to claim that you are in
fact obstructing justice by shutting
down the investigation don't shut this
down precipitously I don't think that
it's that Ramona has a right to finish
his investigation he doesn't I mean the
fact is the president can't fire him and
that would be perfectly legal and then
it would be up tomorrow to show that
actually was obstruction that this
actually was an attempt to shut down an
investigation not just pure frustration
on Trump's part but if the idea here is
to set the the sort of framework for
Trump firing Muller firing Rosenstein I
think that'd be a big political mistake
and I don't think the president needs to
follow that right now I don't think the
president needs to make that sort of
political mistake because I think the
president's doing okay I mean his
approval ratings right now are as good
as they've been the Democrats continue
to flounder there's a new poll out
yesterday showing the Democrats are only
up three on the
congressional generic ballot that's an
incredible thing right why exactly are
they only up three well part of it is
because president Trump's economy is so
fantastic I mean the economy under
President Trump has been excellent part
of it is the fact that the Democrats
suck at everything and the Democrats are
so radical so this is an amazing thing
yesterday Hillary Clinton was out there
talking about again why she didn't win
in 2016 and it's everybody else's fault
it's not Hillary Clinton's fault but she
stumbled on something true she stumbled
on something true and it's pretty
amazing so here is Hillary Clinton
admitting that the entire Democratic
base or at least start large swaths of
it our full-scale socialists who hate
capitalism you may be the only
presidential candidate since World War
two that actually had to stand up and
say I am a capitalist and you did did it
hurt you probably I mean you know it's
it's hard to know but I mean if you're
in the Iowa caucuses and 41% of
Democrats are socialists or
self-described socialist and I'm asked
are you a capitalist and I say yes but
with appropriate regulation and
appropriate accountability you know that
that probably gets lost in though my
gosh she's a couple I mean okay so this
is exactly right actually what she is
saying here that her base cannot
tolerate the fact that she is a
capitalist demonstrates how far left the
Democratic Party has moved Hillary
Clinton was too right wing for her own
base which is why they didn't show up
okay we are watching inside the
Democratic Party's a radical shift and
left president Trump has taken advantage
of that because President Trump is not
nearly as radical on any of these issues
the Democrats their response to
President Trump has not been to moderate
to move to the center to take back that
Center that they think that Trump had
abandoned they've been calling Trump
far-right Trump has been governing is a
very conservative president instead of
them moving to the center to try to take
advantage which is what a smart
political party would do instead the
Democrats have been moving further and
further to the left this is the first
time that Hillary Clinton has really
recognized that she may be out of stop
out of step with her own constituency
and she is out of step with her own
constituency and something really bad is
happening in the United States among
people on the Left and that is this
while this full-scale embrace of
socialism itself there's a poll from
Rasmussen it shows that 46% of Americans
now say they favor government guaranteed
jobs for all so according to Rasmussen
Reports
Bernie Sanders is looking ahead to the
2020 presidential election with a
proposed federal government program that
guarantees all Americans a job with
health insurance
nearly half of voters like the idea 46
percent of voters say that they like all
of this that they think this is a great
idea
that's an amazing amazing statistic and
again it demonstrates that the American
people are being ill-served by their
thought leaders who refuse to explain to
them why capitalism is good the reason
that Hillary Clinton could not be a good
representative of capitalism is because
she really does not believe in
capitalism in any serious sense she
believes the capitalism is effective but
she doesn't believe the capitalism is
moral and so Bernie Sanders comes along
and he seizes her entire base by saying
listen capitalism is may be effective
but it is immoral and Hillary Clinton is
immoral and anyone who backs capitalism
is immoral this is why it's incumbent on
Americans to stand up and say no to
socialism and say that socialism itself
is immoral because socialism itself is
immoral the idea that you are born and
therefore you deserve crap from the
government is nonsense
the idea that you sit there and you
exist and therefore everyone who is
around you ought to give you things that
is a purely selfish idea it is immoral
it's a violation of at least three of
the Ten Commandments right the Ten
Commandments include the idea that
you're not supposed to worship
government is God they include the ban
on theft it is indeed theft if you and
your friends vote to steal my money and
they ban in the Ten Commandments ban
jealousy you're not allowed to Envy your
neighbors your neighbors donkey are not
supposed to be looking at your friends
property and eyeing it for seizure but
because people have stopped speaking in
moral terms there is an upswing on the
Socialist Left and that upswing ended up
toppling Hillary Clinton it was a
serious problem for Hillary Clinton now
the the radicalization left is a serious
problem for the Democratic Party in
general not just for Hillary Clinton
I'll explain that in just a second but
first you're gonna have to go over to
Daley wire calm and subscribe for $9.99
a month you can get the rest of this
show live you can also get the andrew
Clavin show live the Michael Mol's show
live and you can also get this the very
greatest in all beverage vessels not for
99 bucks a year the annual subscription
you get this the tumbler plus all of
those aforementioned wonders and you get
to be part of the mailbag which we'll be
doing tomorrow on the show plus we have
a brand new Ben Shapiro show that is
coming out every Sunday it's the Ben
Shapiro show Sunday special in which I
host weekly in depth conversations with
the world's best and brightest on
politics news culture everything in
between we have a slate of guests that's
gonna
knock your socks off it's really
fantastic and our first guest this
Sunday is of course the world-famous
Jordan Peterson Jordan is fantastic and
I think you're really going to enjoy the
interview so subscribe right now to the
Ben Shapiro show if you're already
subscribed then it will all it will
continue to pop up in your feed so you
don't have to subscribe to anything new
this will just pop up in your feed like
any other episode and you'll get to
listen to it it's pretty awesome you're
really gonna like it and if you're not
subscribed now you really should so that
you make sure that you get those
episodes because I think they're really
are fantastic so check that out
subscribe leave us a review we are the
largest fastest growing conservative
podcast in the nation
so the same radicalization of the
Democratic Party that through Hillary
Clinton out of power is also leading to
a bit of a backslide for Democrats in
terms of their reach particularly for
young people so according to a new poll
from Reuters enthusiasm for the
Democratic Party is actually waning
among Millennials as its candidates
headed into the crucial midterm
congressional elections the online
survey of more than 16,000 registered
voters aged 18 to 34 shows their support
for Democrats over Republicans for
Congress slipped by about 9 percentage
points over the past two years to 46
percent overall and they increasingly
say the Republican Party is a better
steward of the economy now nearly
two-thirds of the young voters say they
don't like Trump but their distaste for
him does not extend to all Republicans
which presents a potential problem for
Democrats who are counting on
Millennials as a core constituency
because Democrats have moved really
fired and left Millennials are looking
at the Democrats identity politics and
they're looking at the the Democrats
full-scale Bernie Sanders socialism and
they're not quite as enchanted as maybe
they once were as the economy booms and
they certainly don't like the identity
politics of all this which I'm gonna get
to in one second but the bleed over for
Democrats Democrats figured okay well
maybe our Coalition is fractious but
Trump should unify that coalition
because everybody hates Trump it ain't
happening and the polls aren't showing
this Terry hood 34 an African American
who works at a Dollar General Store in
Baton Rouge Louisiana
said he voted for Democrat Hillary
Clinton in the 2016 presidential
election but he'll consider a Republican
for Congress because he believes the
party is making it easier to find jobs
and he applauds the recent Republican
LED tax cut so the reuters/ipsos poll
surveyed young voters during the first
three months of this year and the same
period in 2016 only 28% of those polled
expressed overt support for Republicans
in the 2018 poll about the same
percentages two years earlier but that
doesn't mean that everybody's gonna show
up two back Democrats and Democrats once
again so much of our politics right now
revolves around President Trump and and
what the Republicans are doing because
they were on the government the reality
is that just as in 2016 the Democrats
lost because the Democrats were terrible
in 2018 the Democrats could easily lose
because the Democrats are terrible
there's another poll out there by the
way that should be shocking to a lot of
folks on the left and that is that their
identity politics are not working
increasingly among young black men so
according to a poll taken on April 22nd
2018 Trump's
rating among black men was at 11% the
same poll week later pegged the approval
rating at 22% so it should be noted that
the the margin of error there is is
pretty significant considering that
there are only about 200 black males
each week or surveyed by the Reuters
running poll but Trump is experiencing a
jump and approval among black people
overall it spiked eight point nine
percent on April 2 from it from eight
point nine percent April 22nd to sixteen
point five percent on April 29th black
males were also far more likely to say
that they had mixed feelings about the
president on the 22nd one point five
percent said they had mixed feelings
seven one point one percent said the
same on the 29th so it's very possible
by the way that a lot of this is due to
Kanye West saying listen you're allowed
to think for yourselves and it doesn't
mean you're a bad black person if you
decide that you want to vote for
President Trump or that you like
Republicans yeah I think that the crack
in the wall that Kanye West actually
presented was an important cultural
moment so I'm not saying again Kanye
West is a conservative thought leader
because I don't think he is I'm not
saying the Kanye West knows that much
about politics because I don't think he
does I'm not saying the Kanye West ain't
kooky cuz I think that Kanye was pretty
kooky guy but Kanye West a major
cultural figure standing up and saying
listen you don't have to think the way
the left one wants you to think is
breaking down a significant barrier for
a lot of people and as Eric my friend
Eric Weinstein who I will correct this
was a Harvard theoretical mathematician
when when he when he said that there are
a lot of people whose preferences are
being hidden by the prevailing political
orthodontically correct orthodoxy and
that Kanye had shattered that
politically correct orthodoxy or at
least crack the wall I think there's a
lot of truth to that and the polls are
showing it I think people are tired of
the identity politics I think people are
bored with the identity politics I think
people want to have conversations I'm
seeing it in my own life I'm singing my
own life you know people who I would not
have been able to have conversations
with three years ago suddenly are
interested in talking seriously about
political issues that have flipped the
country because they are tired of being
boxed into this area where if you talk
to somebody who is just a mainstream
conservative this somehow makes you bad
now I'm not a person who believes that
all views are created equally valid or
equally useful or that everybody has to
talk with everybody but I do think that
it's important that for people who have
mainstream views to talk to each other
and not consider each other evil or bad
or terrible that is a useful thing and
not only a useful thing and necessary
we hope the country survives I think
increasingly that's happening something
is changing you can feel it in the air
you can feel in the air you can feel
that there's a whole group particularly
of young people who are tired of the Pat
answers being given by parties on all
sides they're tired of the tribalism
they're tired of the idea on the right
that everything the President Trump does
ever is wonderful and great but they're
much more tired on the left of the idea
that everything they say has to be boxed
into a particular group identity and I
don't want to harp on Kanye West too
much but I do think that what we're
watching right now is something really
really important and I think that it's
important to to note it as it happens I
don't think that everybody in the black
community something gonna agree with
Kanye West about taxes or certainly that
his comments on slavery I don't think
everybody in the black community's gonna
agree with Candace Owens but I do think
that when people see major political
fake major cultural figures saying
listen I can have a conversation with
anybody and you're allowed to I think
that's that's breaking the mold it's
changing things and that's having a
market impact in so far as our elections
pretty incredible stuff so meanwhile
speaking of that speaking of the left
two overage we talked a little bit this
week about the the crazy controversy
that had broken out over this Utah girl
who had worn a historically Chinese
dress to a prom and the left went nuts
the hard left said that this girl had
done something deeply wrong
it was cultural appropriation it was
terrible in every way how could she
she's a bad person and she refused to
apologize as well she should showing
once again that strong people should not
apologize in the face of overwhelming
pressure when they are right she was not
wrong now here's the part that's
hilarious
and just goes to show that the identity
politics to the left I think is boring
people hey there's a nun article from
the New York Times and here's the title
of it prom dress that caused a furor in
u.s. drawers head-scratching in China
okay so in other words there are a bunch
of people in China and they have no idea
why this is even remotely controversial
so Chinese people are looking at this
high school girl wearing a historically
Chinese dress and they're going so what
like why is that bad like great now we
can some more prom dresses what's what's
the big problem here here's the article
when Kezia down or a Chinese style dress
to her to her high school prom in Utah
it set off an uproar but not because of
its tight fit or thigh-high slit after
mizdow a teen shared pictures on social
media of her prom night a twitter user
named Jeremy Lamb
responds in a post that has been
retweeted nearly 42,000 times my culture
is not your prom dress he wrote adding
profanity for effect I'm proud of my
culture for it simply to be subject to
American consumerism and cater to a
white audience is parallel to colonial
ideology okay but when the furor reached
Asia many seem to be scratching their
heads the New York Times reporting not
the daily wire right far from being
critical of Miss Dom who is not Chinese
many people in mainland China Hong Kong
and Taiwan proclaimed her choice of the
traditional high net dress as a victory
for Chinese culture quote I'm very proud
to have our culture recognized by people
in other countries said someone called
snail trail commenting on a post of the
Utah episode by a popular accounts on
WeChat it's ridiculous to criticize this
is cultural appropriation
Zhou Yi Jun a Hong kong-based cultural
commentator said in a telephone
interview from the perspective of
Chinese person if a foreign woman wears
a Kapow and thinks she looks pretty why
shouldn't she wear it if anything the
uproar surrounding miss downs dress
prompted many Chinese to reflect on
examples of cultural appropriation in
their own country so does that mean when
we celebrate Christmas and Halloween
it's also cultural appropriation asked
one WeChat user Larissa others were
quick to point out that the Kapow as it
is known in China was introduced by the
man she's an ethnic minority group from
China's Northeast implying that the
garment was itself appropriated by the
majority Han Chinese in its original
form the dress was worn in a baggy style
mostly by upper-class women during the
qing dynasty which ruled China for more
than 250 years until 1912 it was only in
the 1920s and 30s when Western influence
began seeping into China that the kit
Pao was reinvented to become a seductive
body-hugging dress demanding think of
today for many cinephiles and has become
inextricably it is associated with
Maggie Chiyo and the actress who are a
stunning array of Zhang Zhang's and work
hi wise mm film in the mood for love
these days it's rare to see Chinese
women wearing cap house in the street
Western fast-fashion has taken over so
in other words people are wearing each
other's clothing from their different
cultures and no one cares but the fact
that the left have to declare Kanye West
appropriated by the white community the
fact that they have to declare this girl
from Utah a cultural imperialist is an
amazing thing it's an amazing thing and
it's driving people out of their arms
the crazier they are the more people are
going to be listening to shows like mine
the more the crazier they are the more
people are gonna say really guys this is
the best you have to offer the more the
left lies about the fact that was about
the idea that we're not brother
the more the let's suggest we're not
brothers and sisters we're enemies who
have to be boxed off into our own little
our own little ghettos and we can't talk
with each other and we can't look at
stuff in each other's culture and say
wow that's pretty cool let's do some of
that the more we do that the more people
say well hold on a second hold up you
know so you're saying that the according
to the laughs you're saying I can't wear
a Chinese style dress but it is better
if I import products from China and
people from China into the United States
as a general rule so you want us to
bring people here but then you don't
want us to assimilate to some of their
culture and them to assimilate to some
of our culture you don't want any of
that you don't in the cost
cross-cultural exchange McDonald's is
cultural imperialism but it's very good
when a bunch of illegal immigrants come
into the country and don't learn to
speak English that's a great thing
according to the left and that's
unreasonable okay it's an unreasonable
position and there are too many people
in America who are reasonable to fall
prey to the stupidity of this nonsense
from the left so good for them good for
a good for Kanye good for this girl for
not for not bowing to politically
correct pressure and and again you know
I think that kudos to the left for being
as crazy as they are because without
them I think Republicans would be losing
a lot more elections okay time for a
thing I like and then some things that I
hate so things that I like so yesterday
I did at our power song and I referenced
another tower of power song so we'll do
that other one what is hip which is
their best song I don't know why I'm on
a tower of power kick I'm on a funk kick
so here is here is a tower of power as
what is hip
okay so solid stuff so check out tower
of power it's amazing how little music
has changed in the last 50 years like
really this is not that different from a
lot of the music that's being released
today there's been kind of a stagnation
I think and in a lot of in a lot of the
music world funk is coming back and you
can hear the sort of riffs and of Tower
of power and in a lot of today's modern
music it's it sounds very similar
actually to in certain ways to what was
that song that I played a while back
that some it had all of the hidden
references the Easter eggs in the video
oh forget it I'll talk about it later
but it's in any case you can hear that
you can hear the cultural influences of
Tower of Power resonating still just
like you hear Earth Wind and Fire in a
lot of modern music as well okay time
for some things that I hate so I'd be
remiss if I did not discuss the the
situation that arose yesterday with Alex
Jones so this is just frankly
hysterically funny
so yesterday there was an announcement
by Alex Jones that Candice Owens and
Kanye West were going to appear on his
show and I tweeted out no no God no
basically right no Kanye no no it was a
joke right like don't do it don't go out
and don't do Alex's show Alex is a crazy
person right Alex Jones is a nut job
Alex Jones the guy who thinks that the
frogs are being turned gay purposefully
by the government Alex Jones is a guy
who suggested that Sandy Hook was a
false flag operation Alex Jones is a
crazy he's a crazy person he's a crazy
human okay and I don't mean that in a
clinical sense I just mean that I look
at him and what so and I don't think I'm
out of bounds in saying this right I
mean if you spent any time listening to
Alex Jones this is not somebody who
seems like all the all of the lights are
on in the Attic shall we say well Alex
Jones got very angry at me for saying
that Kanye was
should not do his show because it'll be
a bad move for Kanye West okay Kanye
right now is trying to do the whole
let's have a reasonable conversation
with reasonable people let's all get
together why do you want a fringe
himself out by going on Alex Jones a
show no there are people who say well
what kanye west is really are humans
that every argument should be letting
the front door everybody should have a
conversation okay I don't think that's
what Kanye West is arguing maybe he is
maybe is if so then he should make that
clearer but I also think that Kanye West
would easily be seen as a guy who had
fringed himself out the minute that he
went on Alex Jones so if his goal is to
open doors I think he closes doors by
doing Alex Jones the show that was my
basic argument it's the reason why I
would never do Alex Jones a show because
I think that Alex Jones again is a kook
and a fringe fellow this is not a
newfound belief go back to my interview
with Piers Morgan back in 2012 it came
right after Alex Jones has done an
interview with Piers Morgan then one of
the first things Piers Morgan tries to
do is lump me in with Alex Jones and I
say I'm not Alex Jones nor do I agree
with Alex Jones on many things okay so
this drove Alex to a distraction
yesterday apparently on his show I was I
was hearing about this and he did a an
impression of me on his show and all I
can say is spot on to just spot on me
and just eerily eerily good here is Alex
Jones doing his Ben Shapiro
impersonation right now please please
share the video get the word out there
people need and so a bunch of people are
now jumping onto the caravan and you're
gonna have more and more and more people
showing up at the border trying to
fraudulently gain entrance into you my
god it's like looking in a mirror I mean
just like the impersonation is so
spot-on wow wow I mean listen I was
critical of myself as the next guy right
I will say that I have the second most
annoying voice in America after Michelle
wolf but I really don't think that's a
very good impersonation by it by
Alistair I feel like Alex can do better
Alex I think you need to up your game a
little bit I mean I'm not one to talk
about my impersonation skills but I will
say that my Alex Jones is significantly
better than Alex Jones as Ben Shapiro so
here's a flash back the this episode
what was two years ago maybe and and
here's me doing my Alex Jones
impersonation a couple of years ago this
guy by the way is considered a leading
Trump ally Alex Jones
why because I don't want to go to the
cleaners that often that's why I come on
so by the way the best Alex Jones
impersonation is actually Joe Rogan Joe
Rogan Joe's a fantastic Alex Jones
impersonation but you know all of this
is crazy and just another evidence that
we are living in an alternative universe
constructed by aliens in order to
torture us so I don't know why any of
this is happening but I both love and
hate it because it's it's really funny
okay final thing that I hate so the New
York Times has an editorial today saying
Mahmoud Abbas has to go Mahmoud Abbas of
course is the leader of the Palestinian
Authority he is now in his 14th year of
a four-year term so he's a dictator he
was elected I believe back in 2004 and
he's been there ever since he made a
speech the other day in which he
suggested the Holocaust was the fault of
udin which is not a shock because
Mahmoud Abbas is a lifelong anti-semite
which is also not a shock because the
Palestinian Authority is a organization
that is anti somatically devoted to the
destruction of the Jewish state and the
murder of Jews which is also not a
surprise because this has been a program
among Palestinian leadership for as long
as there has been a Palestinian
leadership so that that is not really a
shocker what's hilarious is the New York
Times coming out and saying Abbas has to
go because he's really brought shame
upon the Palestinian leadership
oh you mean their grand legacy of people
like Yasser Arafat I mean the ground
legacy of Hamas being the government in
charge of the Gaza Strip yeah like I
agree Mahmoud Abbas is a poop show but I
am not sure why that is any different
than the leadership of the Palestinian
Authority over its entire history nor
why Israel should be making concessions
to a group of terrorists who lead a
purported government already so we'll be
back here tomorrow with all the legal
updates and all the rest I'm Ben Shapiro
this is the Ben Shapiro show
the Ben Shapiro show is produced by
Mathis Glover executive producer Jeremy
boring senior producer Jonathan hey our
technical producer is Austin Stevens
edited by Alec singhara audio is mixed
by Mike Carmina hair and makeup is by
Joshua Oliveira the Ben Shapiro show is
a daily wire for word publishing
production copyright for publishing 2018
