joining me now host of the Michael
Noel's show on The Daily wire Michael
moles Michael good to see you Liz good
to see you Michael it's happening the
awakening it's started
I keep wondering if I'm going to wake up
and find that I'm on a peyote trip in
the desert or something this is really
the stuff of my fever dreams and it is
all happening right now and this is by
the way the great defense of the
Republican nomination of Donald Trump
because if John Kasich were president
right now Kanye West and chance the
rapper would not be tweeting these
things it is absolutely wonderful
it is the vindication of Andrew
Breitbart great statement which is the
politics is downstream of culture and I
think conservatives sometimes we get a
little snobbish about our culture look
do I listen to Kanye West frequently and
not very much do I prefer Bach and
Brahms and Hyden yes I do
but Bach and Brahms in Hyden are not the
popular culture right now the popular
culture is Kanye West and chance the
rapper and Donald Trump primarily a
cultural figure and all of those three
guys are opening people's eyes to
different political realities and to the
right and to conservatism it's a thing
that we have been trying to accomplish
for a long time the last great cultural
figure we had was a Hollywood B actor
named Ronald Reagan we're seeing it all
over again and we're making America
great again again okay that's the first
time I've already even on Twitter Kanye
West compared to Ronald Reagan and see
you you win the prize for that one right
there I wanna show some of the culture
may have decayed a little just just a
little just a little there okay here are
some of the tweets from Kanye yesterday
he tweeted graphic number four two of my
favorite people
he showed Donald Trump and then Apple
CEO Tim Cook he tweeted he tweeted Obama
was in office for eight years and
nothing in Chicago changed this was
probably the most incredible tweet of
his that I just saw yesterday and by
incredible I mean head scratching as
well because there were some interesting
thoughts sprinkled in there Michael let
me ask you when he comes out in this way
as a trump supporter when he is
defending his right to think freely when
he's saying that people in Hollywood and
his peers try to pressure him and shame
him maybe like John
into thinking a certain way thinking in
the liberal ideology is he changing
anybody's mind Kanye West oh absolutely
there's no question Kanye West is the
most important pop culture store in the
world right now other than Donald Trump
and he's fearless
sometimes this fearlessness gets him
into trouble because he says things that
are reckless and wrong when he said you
know I'm gonna let you finish but I'm
gonna interrupt your award Taylor Swift
that was too much or accused George Bush
of all sorts of terrible things that
obviously that's a fearlessness that
does that in a bad way but it's exactly
that quality which is allowing him to
stand up to John Legend he said one of
the most coherent things I've ever heard
Kanye West say John Legend said think of
your fans think of your legacy don't do
this man and very calmly Kanye West says
you're bringing up my fans and my legacy
to try to intimidate me and make me
fearful and to suppress my free thought
and I'm not gonna do it love you John
but I'm not going to do it that is
exactly the attitude that we have to
have now 20% 18% of Trump supporters
according to a recent survey says say
that they're afraid to admit that they
voted for Donald Trump because there's a
social stigma a taboo and oppressive
culture that says to shut up what Kanye
West just did is singularly important in
cracking that censorship it's a
wonderful thing and conservatives should
be very happy about it right and just
think those 18% of people who voted for
Trump being afraid to say it publicly if
they did say it publicly they could be
part of this this right here you and I
this cool kids club right here because
we don't we don't get hate song at us
every single day every hour of every day
ah no no no only tolerant liberals talk
to us all right right I do want to show
another tweet this is graphic number
eight when he when Kanye West is talking
about the right to independent thought
here and I want to show what he says he
says you don't have to agree with Trump
but the mob can't make me not love him
we were both dragon energy he is my
brother I love everyone I don't agree
with everything anyone does that's what
makes us individuals and we have the
right to independent thought so um the
coherent part that you were talking
about the coherence maybe got a little
blurry there in the middle but his last
statement the right to independent
thought that is lost in our culture well
and I
I don't think that it's incoherent I
think what you're you might I'll have to
translate this dragon energy is cough F
a that's when Donald Trump tweeted about
cough F a he was talking about that same
kind of dragon energy and I actually
will defend both of those things because
I think what they allude to is an
exuberance they allude the left says
don't smile don't laugh frown be angry
divide yourself comply comply comply and
what they're both saying in these
interesting euphemisms of dragon energy
and Co FFA is listen man free yourself
don't worry be exuberant don't be afraid
to say what you think don't be afraid to
call call it like you see it and see
things as as you as they really are that
is a wonderful expression and and you
heard chance the rapper back it up his
defense alone actually might be more
important than Kanye's when he said
listen guys black people don't have to
be Democrats immediately the left
pounced on Kanye West and said you must
be mentally ill of all the things Kanye
has ever said the the idea that we
should have free expression that's what
makes him mentally ill and people are
coming to his defense Kim Kardashian
chance the rapper we're saying listen
guys your view of the world is so narrow
you don't understand how many more
beautiful ideas there are out there that
you can embrace it is a true awakening
and Kanye West this might be my favorite
part of his career
