I do notice that broadly speaking for
all of history artists or lefties there
are some examples la Sophocles I
wouldn't call lefty from Dave hey
Michael loved the show why do you think
it is that it is that generally speaking
artistic or creative people are firmly
on the far left yet the very same people
who pride themselves for outside the box
thinking and nonconformity couldn't be
more inside of the box politically I
asked a lefty artist friend of mine this
question recently and was met with a
blank stare so although your literary
reputation precedes you as a master of
blankness I suspect you have much more
insightful answer than did my lefty
friend thank you and keep up the great
work
so I do notice that broadly speaking for
all of history artists or lefties there
are some examples la Sophocles I
wouldn't call Lefty
exactly you know or a sorcerer you know
they're left and right are kind of hard
to apply two times outside of our own
but there are kind of crazy spirits
generally speaking I know this I have
worked as an artist at various points in
my life I will hopefully we'll be doing
it season two of another Kingdom shortly
and so I know this because when you're
an actor you sleep until you're a bet
until about 2:00 p.m. you kind of roll
over maybe you go to rehearsal or
whatever you go on auditions and it's
you know it's hi diddle Dee Dee the
actor life for me and so you don't have
a schedule you don't have
responsibilities you don't have
accountability usually 99% of the time
you're not making much money if any
money at all and so you're just really
out there man you're really
irresponsible and I think that lends
itself to a left-wing lifestyle whereas
when you get a little bit more
accountable and you can see things in
perspective and not in the wacky
crazed perspective of a narrow view of
art then things come into line and you
stop being so left-wing in your politics
but most actors never get there it's why
they live such insane lives and why
they're in perpetual childhood is
because they behave like children
