Pope Francis praises exorcism as demand
for casting out demons skyrockets
meanwhile a new archeological dig has
uncovered the largest mass child
sacrifice in the history of the world in
pre Columbus Peru these days
government's rely primarily on socialism
to murder their citizens children but
the UK's National Health Service has
promised to study the Pagan bloodbath
for helpful tips at Yale scientists have
resurrected a decapitated pig at a North
Carolina prison a transgender inmate is
suing to practice witchcraft we will
cast out many demons ancient and modern
than the mailbag I'm Michael Knowles and
this is the Michael Noel's show
man that's a big change from yesterday
huh it's a very schizophrenic week we
started out talking about all this death
and destruction then yesterday was the
most cough FA day probably in the last
year in American politics Kanye West
just becoming a hat wearing Magga
supporter and now today we're back to
demons and death and decapitated pigs
and the undead and destruction very
difficult week before we before we get
right into it plus the mailbag I have
got to tell you about something and I'm
talking I'm talking mostly to the fellas
here guys we first of all we want to
thank our sponsor keeps for helping us
keep the lights on but also keeps is
really phenomenal and I'm talking I'm
talking to you fellas listen in my life
I have not had many advantages when it
comes to the ladies I'm not exactly an
Adonis of a man you know I'm not saying
I'm ugly I'm just saying I'm not like a
hulking Olympian figure and you know I
mean I've got these Republican politics
that always made it a little tough I was
never captain of the football team one
thing I have going for me it helped me
score sweet little ELISA
is my poufy head of hair I've got a
really nice thick head of hair and I
hope to keep it that way most guys don't
know this by thirty five two out of
three men will start losing their hair
except that hair loss is very easy to
prevent they can easily prevent it but
people don't do it you just have to
start early and it's pretty easy and
it's pretty cheap to do it
that brings us to keeps a new company
that offers a simple clinically proven
affordable way to stop hair loss with
keeps it's easier than ever for guys
like you to keep your hair it is the
easiest way to keep your hair it offers
the only two hair products that are
clinically proven to keep the hair you
have a lot a lot of people will make a
big claims out there on hair loss and
all these sort of things keeps offers
the only two hair loss products that are
clinically proven to help you keep your
hair you can sign up in just five
minutes
under five minutes it's entirely online
it costs barely anything it's ten to
thirty five bucks a month so it's a
dollar a day or less on average that is
half of what you would typically pay at
the pharmacy do it if you're kind of
nervous about these things it shows up
in a totally nondescript box I don't
know why you would be basically you're
saying like yeah I want to keep
looking good for the ladies well into my
30s 40s 50s 60s and now because of the
pig brains you'll probably be able to
stay alive forever so make sure you have
a hair for all of that a licensed doctor
remotely reviews your information we'll
give you the right prescription you just
answer a few questions send in
photographs you can do that all without
ever leaving your couch within two to
three days a three month supply of
treatment will arrive perfectly packaged
stop hair loss today with the easy way
with keeps offering customized treatment
with only clinically proven hair loss
products for about one dollar a day to
receive your first month of treatment
for free go to keeps calm slash cough FA
Co V Fe Fe you know calf FA also helps
you keep your hair but you need to pair
it with keeps because keeps is
clinically proven that is ke EPS calm /
cough FA Co V Fe Fe
free month of treatment at keeps calm /
cough FA keeps hair today here tomorrow
you would be absolutely foolish not to
do it okay so we've got a lot of demonic
possession going on we've got the undead
pigs
we've got transgender witches
infiltrating our prisons and we're
subsidizing all of them and we have
child sacrifice today and child
sacrifice 500 years ago let's turn now
to a live stream of the soul of our
culture now this comes after some good
news in 2016 we were able to cast out a
one demon in particular which was very
important we were able to cast out
Hillary Clinton and all of her works and
all of her empty promises but you know
there have been some aftershocks from
all of this that we're still driving a
little bit as the demons are purging and
you know the devil was very upset when
Hillary Clinton lost the presidency so
we're seeing some cultural aftershocks
and and now there's actually a shortage
of exorcists
and the demand for exorcism is on the
rise no less a figure than the Pope
Francis talked about this in his weekly
address he urged Christians to drive out
evil and he said people at this Veen
their version of exorcism that everybody
thinks about is that you know the movie
The Exorcist and the girls writhing on
bed.but exorcism has been around for a
very long time and you see Christ and
the Apostles cast out demons throughout
all of the Scriptures so if you're a
Christian this certainly shouldn't be
anything crazy to you
but what exorcism says like the the
reason we have exorcism is because we
know that there's evil in the world and
we know evil has a personality this
isn't some crazy superstitious thing
this isn't like worshiping random nature
gods or something we know that there is
evil and evil has a personality so what
the Pope is urging is saying the baptism
is the key the Pope said quote we know
from experience that the Christian life
is always prone to temptation especially
to the temptation to separate from God
from his will from communion with him to
fall back into the webs of worldly
seductions baptism prepares and
strengthens us for this daily struggle
including the fight against the devil
who as Saint Peter says like a lion
tries to devour and destroy us and
demand is way up for exorcism there
actually half a million cases in Italy
alone every year that need investigation
and again this is always caricature by
the mainstream media and by the secular
left they have these images of crazy
superstitious Christians going around
and you know doing all sorts of Voodoo
to cast out demons that isn't the case
at all the Vatican is actually quite
clear that in a great many of these
cases of these half a million cases the
issue is mental illness or some other
psychological issue but nevertheless
that's why the Vatican investigates
these so thoroughly and all of these
cases need to be investigated and it is
a little strange that the numbers keep
ticking up of people demanding this even
as religiosity declines nevertheless
there seems to be an uptick in accounts
of demonic possession
maybe that's not not so surprising that
those two things go together now there
are two major news stories today which
involve child sacrifice and this might
be a sign that the exorcism is a good
idea this might be a sign of the times
that things aren't going so well on a
spiritual level it cannot be a good sign
there's a new archeological dig which
shows that the largest
mass child sacrifice in human history
took place on Peru's northern coast this
is according to National Geographic this
exceeds the previous record holding
Aztecs who were lived in modern-day
Mexico
the Aztecs murdered 42 children at
templo mayor and possibly a sacrifice in
Carthage though that's unclear the one
the one in Carthage it's not clear if
this was actually child sacrifice or
some other reason why all these kids
were dead but if the the one here more
than 140 children and 200 young lamas
were ritually sacrificed around five
hundred and fifty years ago within the
chimú Empire five hundred fifty years
ago this might make you think five
hundred fifty years ago that is before a
certain Spanish a certain Italian sailor
sailing for Spain made it to the
Americas five hundred fifty years ago
that's so strange I thought all the bad
things came to America with Columbus I
thought because that's why we're taking
down his statues right we're taking
because he was a really bad guy and all
of the natives were really good guys
except except that the natives before
Columbus got there committed the largest
mass child sacrifice in the history of
the world within the chimú empire the
chimú
would be conquered within a few decades
by the Incas and the Incas would be
conquered a hundred years later by the
Spanish so we know that human sacrifice
was very common to these pre Columbus
cultures the Aztec the Maya the Inca we
know there was cannibalism in the
Caribbean we know there was cannibalism
among the Iroquois well we didn't know
is how widespread child sacrifice was it
seems a little worse if you're gonna
sacrifice somebody better to do it adult
has lived something of a life you know
rather than a poor little kid the
majority of victims at this site are
estimated to be between the ages of 8
and 12 years old when they were killed
their faces were smeared with red
pigment their chests were cut open and
their hearts were removed same thing
with the llamas so the question is why
did they do it well the reason they did
it it archaeologists and historians
believe is that they were negotiating
with pagan nature gods so there was
there were El Nino storms that were
coming in and it's a very human
temptation sacrifices a is a
natural part of humanity where we see
bad things happening around us that we
can't control and we want to offer
something to appease that the forces
that are greater than us that are doing
it so I guess the adult sacrifices
weren't working and they decided to
start sacrificing children presumably
the flooding kept going on we see this
today we see this sort of sacrifice
going on today we see it an abortion an
abortion we sacrifice our children to
the gods of sexual freedom and
materialism it's the same thing we are
sacrificing or children to our own gods
and in some cases now we actually are
sacrificing children to nature gods how
many of your lefty granola-crunching
hippie friends say man I can't have kids
I don't want to have kids man because
it's bad for the environment like how
could I bring a kid into this world you
hear this from environmental extremists
they say it's it's awful it's a sin
against nature to bring children into
the world because of overpopulation and
deforestation and all of these random
sacrifices to nature and in Uganda by
the way child sacrifice to nature
spirits in the more traditional sense is
still going on it's still practiced
today we see it all around it there's we
want we like to say that oh we know
we're in modern times and we're so much
more civilized we don't we don't
sacrifice our children anymore we don't
do these awful barbaric things in the
bad old time past but we absolutely do
we do it on actually a much larger scale
when you consider abortion and and just
look at the case right across the pond
now because the chimú the chimú empire
is very impressive in the civilised West
we mostly don't sacrifice our children
to the gods of the weather rather we
sacrifice them on the altar of socialism
we sacrifice our children to socialism
that's what this Alfie Evans case is all
about all about in the UK Alfie Evans
was given Italian citizenship because
the Italy is perfectly willing to have
Alfie come over and receive further
medical treatment the Pope has asked to
bring Alfie into Italy ed to the Bambino
jesu hospital for treatment Alfie was
taken off life support by the
bureaucrats the so
bureaucrats in the UK denied oxygen
denied food denied water
Alfie's father had to give him
mouth-to-mouth because even though he's
in a hospital the bureaucrats there
refused to give him medical treatment
and not just that they refused to let
him home they refused to let the parents
bring him elsewhere for further
treatment they're holding an Italian
citizen hostage until he dies the
parents are pleading the people around
the world are pleading and the Pope is
pleading and the bureaucrats the
Socialists at the UK will not do it the
National Health Service will not do it
the federal judges there will not do it
and they won't give a reason the the the
reason that they give they say it's in
alfea's interests well it's an Alphaeus
best interest don't you know
well what what interests what interests
does he have there what they're saying
is he doesn't have much of a life left
in front of him he's terminally ill he's
going to die very soon okay so then why
can't so then I guess there isn't much
interest in the rest of his life why not
let the parents that take him on the
glimmer of hope that he could live a
little bit longer oh it's not in his
best interests this is the altar of
socialism and it will crush you this is
not about about providing care this is
about the government telling you what
you can do with your own children with
your own lives this is why this would
never happen in the United States not in
the near future at least because we have
a second amendment here and if the
government said we are going to insist
on murdering your child Americans have a
second Amendment and they would return
the favor they would absolutely go back
and return the favor
it's a you see this a little bit this is
always the socialist tendency is it's
just about control you see with east
cigarettes so you know in the early
2000s they decided that you couldn't
smoke indoors anymore and so you can't
no longer can you smoke and restaurant
smoking some people don't like the smell
okay but then it became you couldn't
smoke outdoors why can't I smoke
outdoors if I'm sitting this happened to
me in New York I was smoking a cigar in
a park and a cop came over and said you
can't smoke that here so why not I'm
outside he said no it's not allowed
anymore said excuse I said do you do you
ever smoke cigars what do you
I can't smoke a cigar outside and he was
embarrassed but he let me go away and
you know if you're sitting in a park in
New York you're inhaling many more toxic
fumes from the buses all around you than
you are from the cigars or anything like
that but it's about control now you see
it with cigarettes they say you can't
smoke e-cigarettes indoors you say this
is just water vapor and say no control
control control we're going we know what
is best for life we know what is best
for you and listen up so enough about
the dead and the dying let's talk about
the undead because we can move over to
Yale University in other equally
ghoulish news scientists say yale have
resurrected a decapitated pig here is a
live shot from the laboratory in New
Haven
it's moving
that is definitely an improvement over
shrieking girl clearly the caliber of
people at Yale is increasing even if
it's dr. Frankenstein so what they've
done now at Yale is taken a pig brain
that you know they cut off the pig's
head and they plugged it into a bunch of
little gizmos and they resurrected the
brain so the brain had living cells it
was a living organ and this is very
horrifying so they've created this
zombie pig but it's just a brain in a
bucket basically it isn't doesn't have a
body or anything and they've made it
come to life again now there's no
evidence that it was aware that it was
quite conscious but there's also no
reason that they couldn't make the brain
conscious they asked one of the lead
doctors on this study if the brain could
be conscious he said yes but we're in
unchartered waters here and we didn't
know how to do that because you'd you'd
be in the ultimate sensory deprivation
tank there's no reason that you only
could do this with pigs you can
obviously there's no logical reason that
you couldn't do it to human brains as
well and you'd be locked in an utter
prison right there'd be no way really to
communicate and but this is all part of
a quest for eternal life so we're now
truly creating zombies and it's it's
hard to imagine that now that this has
been proven possible that scientists
won't continue to try to do this at a
far greater pace because people have
always wanted to turn a life people have
always tried to live forever especially
the rich and the powerful and the famous
and the decadent which describes America
and 2018
this can't can't be good for the culture
this cannot be good one if you could
live forever would you if you can live
on earth forever would you there's a
good reading of Genesis a good book by
leon kass called the beginning of wisdom
where he points out maybe when you know
Adam and Eve are kicked out of the
garden and they're not allowed to eat
from the tree of life and this is
considered a punishment by some but
really this was probably a great gift
because if we had to live in this fall
krummy world which has pervasive evil if
we had to live here forever that would
probably be terrible and that'd be that
would be hell on earth
maybe mortality is actually a gift for
fallen creatures nevertheless were
tempted to try to live forever and
because there is a cultural madness the
cultural madness has pervaded us and you
see this know more clearly then at North
Carolina prison a transgender prison
inmate in North Carolina named Jennifer
Ann Jasmine is suing the Lanesboro
Correctional Institution
Jennifer who is a man Jennifer is upset
because he wants to practice his
religion of witchcraft
now ostensibly he can practice whatever
spells and things he wants to do all on
his own but he's being he's not being
allowed to have a strict vegan diet he's
upset that the prison is not giving him
a strictly vegan diet now I I would
tried to find what crime this person
committed but it wasn't readily
available if you commit a crime and you
violate someone's life or property or
whatever and then you have to go and be
punished for that in a prison you don't
get to pick your strict vegan diet you
don't get acai bowls and smoothies and
Frappuccino you go you should be
punished and you you know we don't
really pursue the death penalty anymore
even though we should because it has a
lot of health benefits to it maybe I'll
go into that on another episode but oh
you don't get it talk about decadence we
have now prison inmates who decide to
change their biological sex and now
presumably we can pay for that the
taxpayer can pay for that and is
demanding some gourmet diet that he
isn't being given perhaps he belongs in
another sort of institution that's
another aspect of it he's obviously a
crazy person but his madness is not just
personal it is a madness of the culture
we are living in cultural madness there
is some sort of fun and khofifah aspects
of cultural madness and like a kind of
good exuberance and exhilaration like we
saw yesterday with Kanye and after Kanye
came out and said that he supported
Donald Trump chance the rapper came out
and he said black people don't have to
vote for Democrats this was like it is
and this is a big revelation because
Democrats think that black people do
have to vote for Democrats there is
something very nice about exuberance but
in this exuberance underlying a lot of
it there is a madness to our culture and
this brings us to an important point
which is superstition the witchcraft the
you know using using decapitated pigs
for our own sort of edification and
child sacrifice child sacrifice old and
child sacrifice new
what is the role of superstition in this
society a lot of shallow people a lot of
the anti-religious writers and thinkers
like sam harris or bill maher they say
that religious people are superstitious
nothing could be further from the truth
superstition is the opposite of true
religion you'll find that the most
religious people are usually the least
superstitious and the least religious
people are usually the most
superstitious now how is that the true
religion plays a part in it you have to
have the right religion but think
consider the people I live in LA so I
have a lot of people like this who say
I'm not going to do a business deal or
go on a trip or anything when mercury is
in retrograde I'm not gonna do it but
listen I'm listen you you kooky
Christian what with your church and your
morals and your worship listen you kooky
lunatic I'm not gonna do a business deal
with you because because there's a
planet that is gazillion miles away and
it looks like it's going in a different
direction at this one point of the year
that is where the absence of religion
breeds superstition people who knock on
wood and sort of worship their ancestors
and don't walk under ladders and because
everybody's got to serve somebody and we
know that there is a metaphysical world
we know that life isn't just flesh and
meat we know that because we know
anything right because we have thoughts
because we have consciousness because we
know that symbols symbolize certain
things and represent things that are
beyond the physical world because we
have love and joy and fear and we know
all of these things so what we do is
when there's not true religion we fill
it in with superstition when we turn
away from a coherent theology we fill it
in with superstition so we sacrifice our
children we sacrifice them to false gods
we sacrifice them to gods of the weather
or gods of sex or gods of freedom
whatever apparent freedom licentiousness
really that is that is a madness and so
ultimately you know a lot of times
people will write in they say
can you can you talk about politics in a
less religious way to what stop relating
politics to religion give me a secular
answer we need a secular answer in the
culture there's no secular answer on the
culture because culture and culture come
from the same thing
because politics is downstream of that
it's all downstream of religion yeah
there there is no a secular political
issue even low taxes even low taxes is
ultimately a question of theology what
is your relationship to yourself and to
God and to nature what is your
relationship to those things
why is freedom good why do you have
freedom can you be trusted with freedom
those are religious questions and as as
we continue to have a shallow view of
religion we're going to have
superstitious answers so we're gonna
chop off pigs heads and we're gonna
sacrifice little children and we're
going to continue to sacrifice children
all at the altar of false gods very bad
stuff okay I want to get into the
mailbag want to be able to answer a
question or two before we move in to to
the rest of the show do I have to sign
off a Facebook and YouTube or can I get
I can get one or two in all right I can
get one they're being very nice to me
today from Emily hey Michael my husband
and I are pursuing adoption from the
foster care system I've noticed on the
profiles of some children that social
workers will say they prefer a
Protestant family we're Catholic I
really don't understand the use of the
word Protestant if they said Baptist or
Lutheran I would understand but they're
essentially stating Catholics need not
apply
we are pursuing a group of kiddos who's
workers stated that we aren't foreign to
that process but I assume it will come
up soon how do we make it clear that we
are just as Christian as any Protestant
am i right to feel like this is rather
blatant anti-catholic prejudice thanks
Emily
sure it's anti-catholic and I suppose
anti Orthodox aunty Eastern Orthodox I
will say on your point that your Justice
Christian is any Protestant sometimes
you'll hear Protestants criticize
Catholics or Eastern Orthodox and
they'll say that's not in the Bible
those things that you're doing or not in
the Bible and my church we stick we just
read the Bible we read what's in the
Bible and what you can tell them is
that's good but your church wrote the
Bible and compiled the Bible so that
maybe that gives you a little advantage
or leverage there it's it's weird it I
think it's I don't really even blame I
don't think that this adoption agency
has or foster agency has ill-will I
don't know that they're malicious or
anything there's just a lot of
misinformation about Catholicism and
it's because people don't learn history
and
because history is written by the
winners and in the Anglosphere and the
in much of the west and certainly in the
english-speaking world the protestants
won they they won in england the
Protestants founded the United States in
in most ways and so there's just a lot
of misinformation a lot of hagiography
and myth and legend about Martin Luther
a lot of ridiculous false legends about
the alleged Mis misdeeds of the Catholic
Church so I would I would approach it
and just explain to them that you're a
Christian and what Christianity is and
what the Catholic Church is and I say
this with lefties too you have to treat
them like children treat them like
children
that doesn't mean torture them that
doesn't mean smack them in the face
that's not what good parents do you just
treat them like children because they
don't know anything they're ignorant and
they're not educated so you need to kind
of bring them up and hopefully you can
make adults out of them too and then you
can and then you can raise a lot of
different children the real ones that
you're adopting and the intellectual
children that you're educated okay from
all right I got a sign off that's fine
I've got a sign off no I can do one more
oh you're so this is like what a what
this is because today is all about death
and destruction we can do one more from
Jason dear store-brand Ben that is the
single funniest name that anyone has
used in the in the mailbag for I'm like
the I'm the Ralphs brand too Ben's Oreos
or something
dearest or bran Ben I get what you were
saying about God owning people but
wouldn't the this is saying we don't own
our own lives our lives are a gift from
God but wouldn't the fact that he gave
man free will indicate that he is
passing ownership of them to use or
misuse themselves wouldn't it make more
sense to say that a man of faith
reinvests the ownership in himself to
God by choice whereas those who continue
to own themselves are by the very nature
of turning away from him
proving their own ownership of
themselves for good or enormous ill and
would you not also grant that from a
legal viewpoint men certainly own
themselves and the product of their work
when considering only worldly forces and
doesn't that distinction matter best
Jason Willis use of my last name
encouraged okay so use your last name I
see what you're saying
not quite though I think the better way
obviously all of these analogies are
going to be imperfect the better way of
thinking of your own life is not that
you own your own life but that you're
leasing it it's a you know it's a gift
but it's a gift with an expiration date
you won't have it forever but you might
have it forever but you won't
necessarily have it forever you are
given this a gift of life and we know
that we're going to die we know that we
have an earthly death and you have
choices about what you can do with your
life one of which is to choose a ternal
life right that's the prompt that's the
good news that's the promise of
Christianity so you you have this gift
and you're using it but this is
discussed frequently in the Gospels this
is the parable of the hedge fund manager
or the parable of the talents is it's
commonly called I call it the parable of
the hedge fund manager where the master
gives his servants these gifts these
talents to invest and to do something
with and to the servant who does a lot
and gets a great return on his
investment he gives him even more even
more will be given to him who as much
and to the servant who just buries it
underground and doesn't use it he's
afraid to use the light the the gift
that's been given to him even that
little which he has is taken away and
he's cast into Hell where there's
weeping and gnashing of teeth which
means that you don't own your life your
life will be you you'll have there will
be an accounting for your life and what
you've done with it it isn't yours the
mistake of the Libertarians is they
pretend that they own their life they
didn't create their life and they don't
get to keep it forever
they'll have to turn it in at some point
and they're gonna have to either in the
in the bleakest of perspective they'll
just turn into worm food or in the
traditional and Christian perspective
they'll there will be an accounting
there will be a judge in the perspective
of all of the great religions and
practically all of the great thinkers in
history there is an accounting there is
a judgment there's something that you'll
have to answer for that's how you have
to view your life I think it's a it's
not to take away your free will and it's
not to take away the grace of God that
gave you your life heresy
hates mystery heresy cannot tolerate
mystery so it has to just pick one or
the other it has to pick mercy or
justice it can't tolerate that God is
both fully just and fully merciful it
can't tolerate freewill and grace it has
to pick one or the other the the
Calvinist tradition chooses grace
entirely to the exclusion of freewill
the Pelagian tradition chooses freewill
much to the exclusion of grace but the
the true truth is narrow right the truth
holds these things in balance there must
be a balance here and I think you should
view your life in a balanced way or else
you're gonna you're gonna go mad like
the rest of our culture okay I've got a
second bite of Facebook and YouTube I'd
like to let you know the daily wire is
on Apple News this is a shocking thing
we've been off of Apple news for a long
time now we're there so if you use Apple
news check us out you can get all the
news stories there and get updates and
everything remember that my show is on
iTunes stitcher Google YouTube Facebook
MySpace a live Journal xanga it's on AOL
Instant Messenger it's it's I'm
basically I'm saying it's on a lot of
places so you can please go subscribe to
it there you'll automatically get
updates and it'll help us keep the
lights on so go do that please and if
you're on Facebook or YouTube go to
daily wire comm right now it's ten bucks
a month $100 for an annual membership
you get me the intro claim and show the
Ben Shapiro show you have to ask
questions in the mailbag just like this
but only subscribers can ask questions
everyone can listen only if you can ask
many are called but if you were chosen
you can also ask questions in the
conversation I'm coming up next that's
right little old me so be sure to
subscribe before then again none of it
matters we're gonna try to rename this
just the kanye cup forget the leftist
here's tumblr this is the kanye cup now
it just collects all of the leftist
tears that flowed forth and freely when
Kanye put on the maggot hat so go get
the Kanye cup right now daily wire calm
we'll be right back with more mailbag
from Patricia I like your show thanks
Patricia you did well in saying why you
do not like the word genocide to explain
the murder of so many Christians in
Armenia because of the etymology of
genocide so do we need to put a new word
into you such as the risk Allah side
from the Greek or religio side from the
Latin for the murder of many people
because of their religious belief as an
aside I feel a word martyr has been
corrupted in terminology because of the
difference in the idea of a martyr in
Christian and Islamic thought and
therefore not useful to this purpose
yeah that's a good question this is
about the Armenian Genocide I wrote a
piece the other day and I talked about
it on the show of how the term Armenian
Genocide really isn't quite right but it
was that there was a genocide of
Armenians but the thing that we refer to
as the Armenian Genocide really includes
at least three genocides maybe more
genocide of Armenians Greeks and
Assyrians by the Muslim Ottomans and the
reason that it doesn't make sense is
jeno gen referenced refers to the race
or to your genes to your genetics it's
from the Greek word jenos or race or
ethnicity or heritage group and so that
that actually isn't what it's about it's
easy to use that term because we it's
much easier to say ok this ethnic group
wanted to purge this ethnic group
because you can't choose your ethnic
group people are just born into it it's
a fact of life
and it's much harder to say this
religious caliphate this religious
Empire the Muslim Ottoman Empire
slaughtered millions and millions of
Christians because they were Christian
because they had an idea called Islam
and another group had an idea called
Christianity and the idea of Islam made
them kill the people with the idea of
Christianity that's much harder to say
that's very Islamophobic that which is
the obviously the irrational fear of
getting your head cut off the irrational
fear of millions of people being killed
during the first world war so I actually
don't think either of those terms are
great the Greek one or the religio side
because I don't like any of that Joe
bargain which seems clinical how do you
turn them the slaughter of millions of
people by one religious group of another
religious group how do you turn that
into a clinical thing into a social
science term this side or that side I
don't think we should use those terms I
think we should not use jargon as much
as possible George Orwell suggested we
use good Saxon words we don't use words
like that have Latin at roots that have
the side and that have the you know they
sound very like you could hear them in a
doctor's office we should use words that
have power to them you know the bodies
in the New Testament when they die they
stink if they stink that has power but
if they possess an odor that doesn't
that's not as evocative and I think we
should refer to the Armenian Genocide
as the Muslim Ottoman slaughter of
millions of Christians I think that
makes it clear what that event was and
other terms will just make it blurry
next quiet we still have time for a
couple more next question from Nick mr.
Noles
I just asked Ben the same question and
was wondering what your stance was on
global warming now called climate change
climate change is still a hot topic
between my friends and I and also among
the most conservative groups thanks Nick
I'll quote George Orwell or George
Orwell George will but both good writers
but quote George will global warming and
climate change or whatever it's just an
excuse for socialism by the backdoor
that's what it is
it's socialism by the backdoor we read
some statistics yesterday some
predictions from the first Earth Day in
1970 predicting that all of the human
race would be extinct within 10 or 15
years if we don't pass a lot of
socialist laws and we didn't pass
socialist laws and the world is doing
just fine
better than ever some say and it's an
excuse it's and it's by the way it's a
religion it's a replacement of religion
it has the sale of indulgences even in
the form of carbon tax credits it has
sin which is pollution and it tries to
work through its own Redemption it has a
messiah which is Al Gore and some pretty
sad Messiah this bloated former failed
presidential candidate and but it's a
replacement religion people who have
true religion don't worry about those
things
st. Francis loved the loved nature but
he wrote about sister nature
sister earth
not mother nature the people who have
these weird superstitious pagan
environmentalist religions talk about
mother nature and they worship the
nature we don't worship nature we have
dominion over nature it's not linen and
we talked to Richard Lin's at the
atmospheric physicist from MIT we talked
to him on the show a month or two ago
and he's he's a dissenter he's a denier
is one of the great climate experts in
the entire world and and he says if
there might be some modest warming we
don't know how much but if there's
modest warming there's no evidence that
it will be catastrophic
or even disadvantageous and we don't
know what the cost of controlling for it
is the economic cost could be anywhere
from 40 cents to $48 per ton of carbon
that's a pretty wide range there's no
solution to this problem there's no real
prediction of what the problem will
cause and we don't really know how
widespread the problem will be so I
don't think we should upend global
economies to do it it's very convenient
it's not an inconvenient truth it's a
convenient narrative to pass socialism
and you shouldn't worry about it
there's this idea they say 97% of
scientists first of all that surveys
total bunk but also science isn't made
by committee dummies science isn't made
by democracy it's the relentless pursuit
of truth that occasionally the the best
and brightest among us can glimpse and
say hey everyone you're wrong the truth
is arrogant it's not democratic so
wrister Craddock okay from Thomas
dearest Polk Knowles that's a good
promotion I'm 31 years old and am ready
to settle down here's the problem I work
55 to 65 hours a week I'm in school a
few nights a week
there aren't any single ladies in my my
age in my church I won't go to a club
but bars are okay should I make time for
bars or should I wait for the almighty
to drop my future wife into my busy day
Tom listen up Tom I'm gonna give you
some very important advice you should
always make time for bars you should all
you should are you crazy I don't I
occasionally make time for work but I
always make time for bars so yeah you
should go to bars also what you should
check out this is a little bit of a plug
because they sponsor the show but
they're a great company is harmony yeah
we did a read for harmony yesterday
that's a fabulous service and if you
enter the promo code cough FA Co V Fe Fe
you'll get you'll get
incentives or free time or something
like that I I forget exactly what the
promotion is but it's a very good deal
you should you should use that because
right now all dating happens online so
it's all just apps and it's like swipe
swipe swipe and it's mostly casual
hookups and shallow hookups it sounds
like you don't want that it sounds like
you want a long-term relationship and
there's really only one version of these
apps or websites that does that that can
actually provide that and is focused on
it that's harmony that's a great way to
do it well you know I I missed online
dating I've been dating sweet little
ELISA since you know slightly after I
was born I think yeah and so IIIi don't
use it but I know that it's totally
pervasive and if that's the culture you
can't avoid the culture you just have to
use a good version of the culture so I
would try that out and go to bars maybe
not to pick up chicks it's just a lot of
it's great it's a really important thing
to do you can smoke cigars you can drink
you have some camaraderie that's you got
to do it ma'am from Patrick yeah I got
time for a couple more - Michael Knowles
of another Kingdom fame one thing I keep
hearing from others is about the
supposed military-industrial complex
that is in some way responsible for the
us's continued involvement in conflicts
around the world how would you explain
it is there any proof toward its
existence any rebuttals thank you and
love the show
Patrick wit this is one where the right
gets a little kooky sometimes and they
get a little conspiratorial and by the
way I defend conspiratorial thinking
because it means that you're a
contrarian and it means that you have an
active mind it doesn't mean that the
conspiracies are right virtually all the
time they're wrong but at least your
mind is working that's actually a good
thing when lefties say the right is
conspiratorial you say good that means
we're using our minds you guys are like
those pigs plugged in in the bucket you
know you're just like it's just like the
synapse is moving but no thoughts are
occurring so anyway that's on the
conspiracies this is a conspiracy this
is it comes from Dwight Eisenhower and
what Eisenhower did is he when he left
the presidency said beware the
military-industrial complex and what he
was saying is that there's a very cozy
relationship between the defense
contractors and who build all the
weapons of war and the US government and
the at the extreme of this they say that
actually pursuing Wars and military
conflict to keep buying weapons from the
defense contractors when Dwight
Eisenhower was warning about this a
military spending accounted for 10% of
the entire economy 10% of GDP in 1961
that number has fallen to about 1% and
that number is way down so it is
possible that if at the time there
really was a military-industrial complex
that really was quite a fear but right
now I think by 2016 the military
spending shrunk to 3.2 percent of GDP
now that's all military spending but a
lot of military spending is just on
training and housing and accommodations
for the troops so actually when you when
you look at just weapons just at what
would be the military-industrial complex
the defense contractors it's only 1%
there's only 1% the whole federal budget
is only 22% of the economy and defense
is only 14% of the federal budget people
say of this idea that we spend all all
of our federal budget on military
spending we spend very little of it on
the military actually we spend most of
the majority of it on entitlement
programs that are bankrupting the
country on welfare programs and
entitlements 14% of the budget on on
military spending so 1% on weapons do
you really think the national policy of
the United States would be driven by a
few companies because of 1% of GDP that
doesn't seem to make a lot of sense
it seems very inefficient conspiratorial
so I don't know maybe I cut a point at
the time but certainly not anymore from
Dave hey Michael loved the show why do
you think it is that it is the generally
speaking artistic or creative people are
firmly on the far left yet the very same
people who pride themselves for outside
the box thinking and nonconformity
couldn't be more inside of the box
politically I asked a lefty artist
friend of mine this question recently
and was met with a blank stare so
although your literary reputation
precedes you as a master of blankness I
suspect you have much more insightful
answer than did my lefty friend thank
you and keep up the great work so I do
notice that broadly speaking for all of
his
three artists or lefties there are some
examples Sophocles I wouldn't call Lefty
exactly you know Orissa you know they're
left and right are kind of hard to apply
two times outside of our own but there
are kind of crazy spirits generally
speaking I know this I have worked as an
artist at various points in my life I
will hopefully we'll be doing it season
two of another Kingdom shortly and so I
know this because when you're an actor
you sleep until you're a bet until about
2:00 p.m. you kind of roll over maybe
you go to rehearsal or whatever you go
on auditions and it's you know it's hi
diddle Dee Dee the actor life for me and
so you don't have a schedule you don't
have responsibilities you don't have
accountability usually 99% of the time
you're not making much money if any
money at all and so you're just really
out there man you're really
irresponsible and I think that lends
itself to a left-wing lifestyle whereas
when you get a little bit more
accountable and you can see things in
perspective and not in the wacky crazed
perspective of a narrow view of art then
things come into line and you stop being
so left-wing in your politics but most
actors never get there it's why they
live such insane lives and why they're
in perpetual childhood is because they
they behave like children yeah I got one
or two more from Joel I know Shapiro is
a proverbial music not see only enjoying
classical music and older music as
someone very critical of modern music
what are your thoughts on EDM electronic
dance music is there a possibility of
creating new genres instrument sounds
and to innovate away from having only
one genre considered correct music this
is not to say that EDM or pop should be
used in churches I'm an Orthodox
Christian for the record yeah it
shouldn't probably shouldn't be used in
churches although in LA a lot of
churches do it they have like strobe
lights and all this stuff
I yeah I'm with been in that I like Bach
you know I let Bach is basically as good
as music gets it doesn't get a lot
better there's good music before Bach
and there's good music after Bach there
is a real perfection there and a real
excellence that happened in the 18th
century but doesn't mean there's there's
not good music some very good friends of
mine for years are a pretty popular
electronic R&B jazzy kind of band and I
won't say their name so that they keep
you know having a good career but
they're friends of mine and I think that
their music is very good I like to
listen to it sometimes but it's all
about what you're in the mood for so if
you're gonna go out to a club I don't
I'm not gonna listen to Bach but if I'm
gonna you know if I'm sitting around
having drinks I might listen to certain
kind of music and if I'm in the car I
might listen to other kinds of music but
that doesn't mean that they're all
equally good or that they're all equally
important or excellent
there was an excellence achieved at
certain periods of music and Plato and
Allan bloom write about the dangers of
music these music puts you into a
different mindset
it's really important this hearing is
the most important sense that's why we
it so people always hear god it's not
that they see God really it's not it's
that it's always feel him necessarily
primarily it's they hear God they hear
the word of God they hear the voice of
God right and it's because hearing so
affects how we live and how we work if
you if you are listening to crazed rap
music you're gonna be in a different
mindset than if your lips listening to
certain other kinds of music music with
rhythm and melody and harmony
so you've you've got to be careful of
that and not pretend that you're getting
the same thing out of out of all of them
some genres of music were degraded some
are better for when you're about to go
into battle and some are better for when
you're trying to fall asleep or do work
or something like that but it is very
powerful it's not just a little joke or
a snobbishness or a minor distinction
music is is quite powerful and you've
got to you've got to listen to it
carefully from Dave hi Michael like what
you do keep it up question where do you
see the u.s. 50 years from now
isolationist superpower or waning in the
face of China's explosion on the world
stage well I don't know about 50 years
from now 500 years from now it's
probably unrecognizable because all
things die except for pig brains
apparently but all other things die I
will say on this nobody can predict the
future if you'd asked me this during the
presidency of Barack Obama I'd say we're
gonna be waning in the face of China but
we're not doing that now
we're gonna survive today we're gonna
fight back today and we're gonna have
any exuberance today and hopefully in
ascendance today and tomorrow and the
next day so in the next two years or
maybe six years or who knows I think
we'll be alright but it's all about
today that's all you can focus on
I don't despair don't that's what the
left that tries to do in the polls on
during elections they say oh the polls
are so bad you're definitely gonna lose
don't show up now we can fight back this
today is a day it's a beautiful day go
outside and fight for it and we might be
able to keep this thing going longer
than anybody is giving it credit for
from George dear mr. Noles what does it
truly mean not to be a bigot to be truly
open-minded do you have to be open to
any idea coming from anyone and consider
it logically and rationally or can you
take the shortcut and close yourself off
to certain ideas when they have not had
a decent new fact added to the
discussion of a prolonged period of time
does the shortcut still fit most
practical definitions of being a bigot
well you're talking about the open mind
in the closed mind you know and they say
if you're you're a bigot if you close
your mind but Chesterton wrote about
this beautifully as he wrote about most
things he Chesterton wrote merely having
an open mind is nothing the object of
opening the mind as of opening the mouth
is to shut it again on something solid
you needed to be on solid ground so oh
I'll use the alt-right guys as an
example guys like Richard Spencer or
something why is he a bigot why are
those guys bigots III have a closed mind
on certain things I'm I'm open to new
information if someone can convince me
of something else but I have first
principles that I'm fairly confident or
true
the difference is your premises the
difference is God so what makes them
bigots is they have a view of the world
that is essentially atheistic they might
call themselves Christians or whatever
but their view of the world is a
theistic they say no there isn't a
spiritual equality of people no there
are the racial differences are terribly
important and we need to treat people
differently and have societies organized
differently and my view says the
that there is God and that in Christ
there is neither Jew nor Greek nor slave
nor free but all are one in Christ Jesus
that's why I'm not a bigot it's not that
my mind is so open I'm pretty convinced
that that's the that that's the bedrock
but it's a good idea it's an idea that
is not bigoted and there are there are
bigoted premises there are not bigoted
premises a drew has a great point on
bigotry which is that the bigotry is
always because you're looking at someone
else and not at you so you can see the
flaws in someone else but you don't see
the flaws in you see so I can there are
a lot of groups that I can point out the
flaws of but you've also got to be aware
that you yourself have flaws and so that
that's what I think I think bigots have
bigoted premises and those bigoted
premises are just they're just not true
premises that say they're these kooky
ideas that some race of people is is
metaphysically better or even physically
much better than this
they have very confused and
superstitious ideas and so the the non
bigoted point of view is on solid
religious foundation everything else
comes from that all right there it's too
bad there was another great question but
we can't get to it we'll get to it next
week that is our show I will see you on
Monday in the meantime I'm Michael
Knowles this is the Michael Nolt show
I'll see you then
the Michael Knoll show is a daily wire
forward publishing production executive
producer Jeremy Borah senior producer
Jonathan hey supervising producer Mathis
Glover our technical producer is Austin
Stevens edited by Alex zingaro audio is
mixed by Mike Cora Mina hair and makeup
is by Jeshua of era copyright for word
publishing 2018
